at my junior, honey.
You're not getting squats for Christmas
that no gifts and sentries
I'm known Jesus birthday presents
just because you don't believe
you have no potato like us
if you're cheap, that you hate
those christian kids look so happy
oh yeah, mom, the straighters break
you got killed and not a new bite
you got nothing that you like
you know that it's true
there's no fault on Christmas for Jews
oh baby
what you think of that? 10-101-560 WDQM
happy holidays to you
oh you can't see happy holidays
it took christmas last night on CNN
they had them, was it on CBS?
they had a two hour thing about the getsces
and religion and all this other stuff
and I was watching the promos during the game
and I thought it might be very interesting
and then I realized after they showed the promo the hundredth time
no, it's just another sell job
just like that pitchman they had on the first segment of 60 minutes last night
didn't see it
oh my god, another one of these slick hair
he reminds me of the herbal life guy
pitchen, it's a non-dodominational church
and all these thousands of people show up every Sunday
because they're all stupid and all desperate
oh please, Elijah, wasn't tell us something good
so anyway, the reason I mentioned Greg Vudelle is according to Chris
no George's awake George's on vacation
according to Chris, Joe Bell brought Greg Vudelle
Joe Bell and Greg Vudelle, a Max made in hell
through the studio giving him the tour of the joint
and evidently that maybe they got Greg waiting in the wings
he always said he was going to replace Neil Rogers
that was always his desire
everybody hates you Greg, don't you understand that?
the whole world hates you like poison
so obviously there was a message there
the fact that he brought him through an interview
one out of his way to introduce you to Greg Vudelle
so he would tell me, oh Greg Vudelle is in the building
oh geez, what am I going to do?
maybe they're just old time friends
so he was going to show me that
all right, birds and a feather, loose together
I got a great idea, Joe, for the new year
just pay me off, have the company write me a check for all the 2008
and put Greg Vudelle on on Wednesday
oh yeah, the Gregory Benjamin Badelle show
oh brother, it is just mind blowing
anyway today is the Christmas Eve
and like I promised on Friday
we're going to play the raffle again today
play all the Christmas stuff
and maybe I'll play the voicemails
and we have all your shopping done
what?
you have all your shopping done?
what is wrong with you?
well let's see what is wrong with you
is it the fat?
I think it might be a little bit of a worker
that could be it, that would write anybody's mind
I had on collision in dear field
the beach left one woman dead
and two women in critical condition
one woman in serious condition someday
two of them relatives of Paul Castron over the host
of the morning radio show
the Paul and Old Ron show on Big 105
well let me just say this
I'm not going to say I'm praying for you
because I mean can you imagine me saying that
how stupid that would be?
you're in our prayers and I pray to God
but I wish, you know, I wish them the best
not that I know Paul all I will
I saw him once at a hockey game
100 years ago with the old Miami arena
and he uses all my material
but other than that
his mother Virginia Castron over 72
and his wife Gina Castron over 45
returning home from a family trip to Disney
a potty egg vibe heading in the opposite direction
veered into the oncoming traffic
and slammed into their camera in the 300 block
of southwest 101, a tent street
the whole thing was really scary
Paul Castron over said something out
outside North Broward Medical Center emergency room
the crash killed Ida Halder 95
the passenger in the five
and send driver Cynthia Melman 70
and both castron over women to the hospital
they'll both be okay though
and the article goes on it's in the hero
Castron over on vacation wasn't on the year today
so we sent along best wishes
but like I said I'm not going to say
I'm going to say I'm going to say oh you're in my prayers
I'm praying at praying to who?
you're in my thoughts?
not really but you know good luck best luck to you
I mean anytime somebody gets
hurting the crash you know what's sad
it reminds me of the Sean Taylor thing all over again
oh that's the worst thing that could ever happen down here
Tom Jickega I don't know what it is with Tom lately
but Tom's been pretty nice to me
and that's because he knows uh oh and these people
with their comments well you know that show you
Neil used to be cutting edge but the last few years
guess what Neil can still be his cutting edge
as he's permitted to be but nobody on this station
is ever going to be cutting edge again
how does long this company owns it
maybe it's because you have a last few standing
is that it? I'm the last you?
stand with me
take a look at the list
Mohawar David, Geldy, Hank, Eddy Kay, and yours truly
okay all the juice getting blown off the door now
if that doesn't seem I hate to say this
at Christmas time
like my mother used to say oh they're going
even they're Christmas
but it sounds like an awful
a glia-share coup to me is
like conspiracy
I think they're anti-Semitic
myself in Greg Vudell you can't find more of a
professional goi I think years ago when the
Pope came to town it was Greg Vudell who
had reduced him I do believe and that was before he took the
X-Laks with Dolly Parton
maybe you can convert I don't think so
like I said right
I checked no problems at all we'll get to jick
his other uh... no that was very jackass
if you want to know what's happening at this
radio station
Barry Jackass he's the Moth piece
he's got his moth rubbed
to everybody's
just amazing nobody tells us anything
but if you read Barry Jackass every time he's got a column
and they're all Joe Bell says that just like it was with Greg Vudell
Greg Vudell before that
apparently the sales staff on Saturday
got emails telling you about this
but it was already in the paper by then
and you know it's a Saturday how can feel like
they're going to look at their email from Saturday
they don't even tell the sales staff and by the way I have it
a very good authority that my name in this show
never come up during our sales meetings
we've heard that from multiple people
yeah many people will tell you that
and the promotional meetings as well in fact if anybody
promotions mention the show they get fired today
as soon as they the words come out of their mouth
the erudgers as that they say
you're fired that's it
the management Tom Ticker writes in the middle of a bunch of
ramblings in his common as uncivil today
Tom says the management at WQAM
which is in the process of stripping the station
of its most valuable players
is in for a terrible year to which we say
oh yeah
Elaine duck near Rogers in front of a microphone
four hours every day is a station
every station's worst nightmare
the demeaning name calling
cruel putdowns biting comedy cuts and snide remarks
have started already to get more intense
as the end of Rogers contract next December approaches
the last time Rogers was in this kind of situation
the management of WQAM
did want to hang off the talk host to get lost early
seven months early time and boy it was great
it was a good time in the money of the checks all cashed
that was buddy butt Paxton
Tom says it's not exactly going out on limb to predict that a year from now
the future will look a lot brighter for Rogers
then for WQAM
how do you like that thanks Tommy
he didn't ask anything about my mom
or my dogs he didn't do an Ellie Brecher
you know what a Yentha
Ellie don't ever call me again okay
ever on the air off the air don't just don't darken my door
WQAM hello
from Ernieel
yes sir
Brad taking a back with noodles and Dan Agony
it's a good time for the great taste
he sucks
yeah no kidding and everybody knows it
everybody knows you suck that's why Joe Bells
taking him on the grand tour no doubt
maybe he's the back in town for the holidays
he left Montgomery Alabama long enough to
I don't know if he's still working in Montgomery Alabama
with a banjo on his knee
maybe he can go back to the country kitchen
the sterling country kitchen and sterling road in the Hollywood
and they can prop up my mom
of one of the tables and he can serve her again
here's the pull from over the weekend
which celebrity dead and by the way
we've been doing the pulls on this show for years
and years and years so all these people
yeah all he talks about is the pull
yeah
which celebrity death of 2007 was
saddest to you we had 1533 votes
that's not too shabby on a Christmas weekend
even Chris is proud of that one
yep
we'll get 500 on today's pool
if it's the last and thing we do even on Christmas Eve
celebrity death none of these 323
that is so heartless man
they don't you know
they don't send their best wishes or pray to God or anything
for any of these people
Molly Ivens 169 Sean Taylor 134
he did manage to get in the second
couldn't catch Molly though
Kurt Vonnegut June 93
Evil Canoeville 77
Luciano Pavroti 75
Dan Fogelmerge 74
Ann Encol Smith 68
Mr. Whipple 51 he still squeezing it
Phil Resudo 48
Charles Nelson Riley 47
Phil Walsh 33
Brad Delph 31
Paul 27
Tammy Faye Messner 27
you can say whatever you want about her but one thing
she said was true
Benedia is sick and he talked about it
Robert Gulae 26 David Halberstam 19
Wolley Sheraw the Astronaut 16
Norman Mealer 12
Jerry Falwell it doesn't oh yeah that was sad
Althansson is grave that son of a bitch
Ike Turner 11 Dennis Johnson 11
Brett Summers 9
Max Roach 9
Leedy Bird Johnson 8
Boris Yeltsin 8 Marcel Marso 7
Beverly Sill 7
Frankie Lane 6
Eddie Robinson 6
Reverend Fotherdrein in 6
Robert Dreinan he was great
Only 6
including my vote
Ray Ann Donlin 4
Hank Bauer 3
Leonah Helmsley 3
Betty Hutton 2
Tom Johnson 2
Tommy Macintosh speaking of sports in Hank Barber
the way I thought you
guaranteed to dolphin win in Foxboro yesterday Chris
I remember that
Harold Madison Jr. Mr. Burchhead 2 votes
Bradford Washburn 2
I have no idea who that is
James Kelly 2
or everybody got at least one
it's good Paul Sullivan 1
Madeline Langle 1
I don't know who that is
and Arthur Slesinger Jr. 1
out of 1533 votes
Barry Jackass writes
and I will read the entire column for you after the break
always reading from the newspaper again
well I got it's better nose calls
you'll see Q.A.M. Hello
I said on camera
see what I mean
but I will do the break first
Barry Jackass writes what's going on
and of course it's all cost-cuffing
that's Joe Bell's
Johnny Joe that's the deal
we're going to save you
millions of dollars
we're going to recycle the deck again
and the rumor round
the building is that
that 30 year
they extended Mad Dogs contract
it's at a pay cut
that's just a rumor of course
well they got to save that money
for Greg Budelle
Oh!
In the wind
T-A-Y
S-U-C-K-N-O
Oh!
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
I'm back
Well
I want a box
She was stepped on
and banged up straight to the bone
Grandma's now white out of action
near the hospital
she says
half her body is in traction
and she even needs a nurse
to take us
at the Walmart
even awful
trampled under shoppers
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
No!
Or Grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat.
Yes, yes, yes.
Grandma got run over at the Walmart.
Grandma under shoppers, greedy feats.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Or Grandma didn't know she'd be dead meat.
No, I'm a reader.
Give me the number for 9-1-1.
Merry Christmas, everybody.
Watch your ass.
10-17 at 5-60 WVDPM.
Let's take a look at that schedule today on Christmas Eve.
We got Curtis 2-4, no mad dog.
Power hour with a Humper 4-5.
One of his last shows on the station.
He's got another week to go in and it's audio.
Nice going, Hank.
Kissed Joe Bell Goodbye, but on his big fat.
Correct him.
Dolphins on Assess with John Linder and Torred Draton at 7 o'clock
in an ESPN radio from 9-0 to the Cow's Come Home,
until 7 in the morning.
Here's today's poll before getting that big, very jackass story,
which I'm sure most of you haven't read yet.
Who is or was your favorite musical duo of all time?
That's not a bad poll from Charlie B, right?
Yes, pretty good.
For him.
I don't know how for him, but what?
I don't know how for people on it, but.
Well, that's because it's old, man.
It's old because I'm old.
Charlie B's getting old.
You're just a punk.
Favorite musical duo of all time.
Simon and Garfunkel, 116.
Now, you sure know them?
Yeah.
Steely Dan, 75.
Are we out of gas?
So we're out of gas, all right.
Just ask Joe Bell, he'll tell you.
He's out of gas.
And we can't play the sound.
That's the wrong sound.
Blues Brothers 45.
Paula notes 24.
Why did the Blues Brothers on here?
The Blues Brothers were in a musical duo?
Yeah, I like them.
I didn't vote for them.
I was close to it because I thought it was funny the movie,
but they were funny.
It's not a real true group.
Get out of here.
That's like Millie Vanilli.
Oh, Paula notes 24.
The Carpenter 17.
Outcast 15.
Sam and Dave 13.
Tears for Fears 12.
That's why I vote for them.
Sonny and Cher 12.
The Arrhythmics 10.
WAM 9.
Oh, how gay.
Wow.
Logan's in the scene 8.
Marvin Gaye and Tammy Terelli.
Error supply 8.
The Everly Brothers 8.
They got my vote done and filled.
Wix's Brothers 7.
By the way, who saw the piece on Tom Brady on 60 minutes last night?
Wow.
He sure looked good to me.
I continued to turn her 6.
Pecchop boys 5.
The Captain Schlameal 4.
Marilyn McCool and Billy Davis, Jr. 3.
Jan and Dean's 3.
Oh, God.
I bet you still have that crap on.
At least I hope I do.
One moment please.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, God.
Yeah.
It's just Greg but Al's going to be playing a lot of Jan and Dean when he comes back to QA.
Jan and Dean's 3.
Indigo Girls 2.
Peaches in Herb 2.
Seals in Croft 2.
Donnie and Marie's got a pair.
Savage Garden 1.
And the Ron Dells, Ashred and Simpson and Rocks said have not.
I don't even know who Rocks said is.
Do you?
Yeah.
Turn them over to them.
They have like one or two songs in the early 20s.
They have one or two votes.
They have 90.
So it's 500 votes today.
It's the day before Christmas and all through the house.
Yeah.
What do we expect?
So here's Barry Jacket.
Wait.
Hold on a minute before we go to that.
Eric wants to know what we're doing about the poll for tomorrow.
Are we just leaving this up?
Or are we going to see if you know, Curris and Beast have their own poll?
And you know, what do you want to do?
Do you ever thought about that?
Let's just leave this one up.
Okay.
Then we might get to 1000 votes.
Okay.
I mean, that would be like screwing off and it would be like, you know, just, Adam, let's just leave it up there.
All right.
If anything first, hold on.
No problem.
You can handle it.
Yeah.
I can put it in the ass at it tomorrow.
So here's the big news at QAM.
More great news from Jolly Joe Bell.
You know, one thing about Joe, he may not be good, but at least he's consistent.
Every single move he's made has failed.
Everyone.
Can you tell me one thing that he's done that's succeeded.
It's gotten big numbers for this radio station.
And he's going to save the beastlies a lot of money.
It's not about the ratings, Hank.
It's all about, yeah, we don't want to spend any money.
We don't want to spend any money to make any money.
And so as a result, we're going to go, it's going to be like light bulb junior all over again.
The light bulb.
Maybe they can bring this to ego back.
I mean, he's on a station that nobody ever heard of before that nobody knows the call at his home.
Let's see if this could be something important.
Oh, it's a web saver from Air Canada.
Any interest?
No.
Very Jackass writes in Saturday's The Sun Sentinel.
Oh, Harold, whatever piece of crap it was.
Mandage takes over for Goldberg.
All right.
After scouring the country for a success in Hank Goldberg, WQM General Manager Joe Bell,
the side of the best option was already in the building.
Scouring the country my ass.
Cost-cutting, baby.
They're already paying Mandage so they don't have to pay Hank's salary anymore.
And they're already paying jerks to Jacks there in the morning so they just slip an in into two to four where he'll fail badly.
Bell, this closed Friday that Dolphins Radio Co-Analist Jim Mandage will shift his talk show to the four to seven PM slot,
which we've already done once, with Jason Jackson taking over from two to four PM after Goldberg leaves the station at the end of the month.
Another week.
WQM initially was interested in finding a fresh voice outside the market and also like the idea of Mandage continuing to follow neo-rojures at two PM.
Oh, you mean, isn't that great, BWD?
You mean, very Jackass?
Bell spoke to Tampa Host on Silio and former ESPN Radio Personality Peter Brown among others.
Remember that rumor you had on Friday?
Turned out to be on.
Oh, true.
Huh?
Yeah, I remember Thursday.
But you get a lot of bad information, Mr. Let me take that right now just like that information about Maddog taking a pay cut that extended year.
That could be wrong too.
You better start checking your sources now, Mr. Hotshot.
Okay.
Mr. Noah, all.
Mr. Yanta.
But ultimately, I felt Mandage from four to seven PM gives us our best chance to win, Bell said adding you receive more than 200 inquiries for the job.
Give me your best chance to save a lot of money because Maddog just like when he was following it was guilty for a while before that it was the moment before they blew him up.
Wasn't doing all that great because he had a horrendous lead in as opposed to when he's on from two to four now following this show and keeping those numbers.
Mandage 59 worked four to seven PM earlier in the decade before returning to his current two to five PM slot when Goldberg went for mornings to afternoons.
Goldberg who shares the four to five PM hour with Mandage is leaving the stations instead of taking a 60% pay cut.
Oh, come on Hank, take a 99% pay cut. Don't you want to work for these? I guess for the honor of working for these bastards.
That was Friday.
I was approached several times and encouraged the station to try to work out another year with Hank Mandage set off the year Friday.
It wasn't going to happen.
This week I asked Hank if I was blessing to discuss this with WQM. He says, I don't care. I'm out of here.
You know how Hank would sit. I'm out of here.
Can you hear that right now?
Hey, stop it.
Mandage would be competing directly with seven 90 of the tickets stand on a bastard and John Weiner who beat WQM from four to seven PM in the most recent full ratings book covering summer months.
Yeah, that was a rating book that included that bogus July with all the wired Diaries very which you don't seem to understand. You idiot you jackass.
You ferry.
And here's Mandage with his usual sense of humor says I have great respect for the competition. They're very good.
Right.
When Joe Rose left seven 90 for WQM over the summer, Barry writes he requested the station hire Jackson as his co-host.
Oh, my God.
But the plan was eventually this split him off and give him a shot to do his own show, Bell said, adding that Rose was okay with that.
Jason has a lot of good ideas. He gives us a different perspective and that he's an NBA guy. He's got his head up.
Yes.
Meanwhile, more WQM changes loom.
Midday host Raju's in city was offered a 50% pay cut and is trying to leave WQM before his contract expires in 12 months.
Here comes the quote of the century.
Anything is possible we intend on the contract through 2008 Bell said, meaning mine.
Bell is unsure if a sports show will ultimately replace Raju's in the 10 to 2 PM slot.
There you go. Why would you want to put a sports show when you got that big tell about their waiting in the wings like Gregory Benjamin Buldell.
I should play that noodles thing.
And of course you don't know what it's all about.
It's a good time for the great taste.
Neil, this is noodles. Reminding you that it's always a good time for the great taste.
Wow.
Meanwhile, the midfielder of the QM renewed at the University of Miami deal for five years.
Now wait till you hear this other quote almost as good as the first one about my contract.
My goal was to build a wall of football and we've done that with the dolphins in Hurricane's Bill said,
you know what? It sounds like the wailing wall to me, Jolly Joe. A lot of wailing in Nash and going on.
A wall of football.
Are you just mind blowing?
I don't want to ask for your opinion because you've got to stick around.
I love it.
Oh, great.
I don't know.
I agree with you.
I love it.
As Joe Bell continues, just grasping for straws.
Oh, let's shuffle the deck again.
Okay, and see who comes down where?
Shuffle that deck.
Keep moving them around.
It's like what the light bulb used to do.
And GBS 100 years ago.
Keep taking the same people and shuffling them around, moving them from one time slot to another.
And of course saving a lot of money in the process.
So how do you like the fact that we've been told by several people that my name never comes up during the sales meetings?
Yeah, we've been told that for a while now.
Yeah.
Or in the promotion meetings.
This is a show that Joe Bell wanted off the year for a long time.
Because it was Joe Bell.
It's not only about saving money.
It's about personalities.
Handkates him like poison.
I hate him like poison.
And we both got to go.
So what's the better way to go then and say, hey, we're going to renew your deal.
But we're going to feel like a 99% pay cut.
I mean, even as little self-respect as you're left working for the beeslees.
If you have any left, you're not going to take that.
Yeah.
In the end, DIY.
As you seek it.
Yes.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Do you know your secret sense of love?
I'd like to know who gay.
This loud he gets what he's the boss.
Do you know your secret sense of love?
Whoever really is gay.
Don't you find secret sense of love?
The office has a great big party.
Who has been brought down and by again?
Open it, take a look to see if I'm still.
Let's stop doing this and save the care.
When I get home, the stupid kiss is going to go light in the trash.
I don't want to see the sense of love.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Take that tear and buy some drinks and stamp.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I can't stand this secret sense of love.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
1032 now.
Look at this.
I just discovered, see, when you scar the internet, you find out some interesting things.
Allegedly, it says,
Greg Beauty will triumphantly return to Miami Radio next month.
This is April 1st, 2007.
This time is General Manager of ClearChannels, Miami Radio Cluster.
Really?
The ClearChannel suits us screwed up the market from so bad from top to bottom
that corporate is firing us all to bring in new blood,
set an exiting account executive who chose not to be identified.
How do you like that?
Maybe that's what Greg is in there doing, negotiating am I exit from a measly broadcaster?
What was that from?
What was that from?
April 2007.
Oh, because on his Wikipedia, which obviously is not always right,
it says,
from what I call the radio pages.net.
What, and yeah, go ahead.
On Wikipedia, it says that the great show became the dominant talk show of the market
by August 2007,
combining elements of humor with local and state political issues.
So, I don't know.
What?
It is Greg's show.
The Greg show, which is like it's what his show is called in Montenno, Alabama.
Oh, I see in Montenno, Alabama.
On Alistair 96.1.
Woo!
Have you duty?
Okay, sign me up, Greg.
He's always been my good buddy.
What a joke.
What a freaking joke.
So, all kinds of crap going on behind closed doors.
I thought Greg was auditioning for mid days.
I'm sure he probably is.
That's his real goal in life to replace.
He told Jicke that long time ago.
When your Roger's dies or retires, I'm going to fill in his ass.
I doubt that.
How many votes we got on your poll?
430.
And Simon and Garfunkel are quick and ass, baby.
123.
So, I think we play the Christmas stuff now in the ass, the rack, the rest of the day.
Okay.
Unless, of course, we have more people wandering around through the building
that Johnny Joe can bring and, you know, give the kind of tour.
Hey, look, honey.
It's a politically correct caroler.
Oh, how nice.
Hmm.
I'm dreaming of a white Christmas.
And by white we don't mean Caucasian, and by Christmas we mean winter holidays.
Just like the ones we used to.
And by no, we don't mean to assume that we know more than you.
Where the tree tops with the...
Is that alright?
Yeah, that's fine.
Okay, man.
I'm sure you'll remember this.
Unless they're hearing a pair that we respectfully direct your attention to Barry,
who's signing over there by your mailbox.
Hi!
To hear Slavells in the snow.
Slavells that were made by union workers and nut and sweatshops in Indonesia,
Mexico or Thailand.
And snow.
God knows people are annoying.
God knows what I'll say.
They are.
They say you could talk.
Let's go.
Right.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
I got a sweater from my grandma.
It was pink and black.
But don't worry, be a happy.
Was printed on the back.
He wrote a audit.
Return to Santa.
Just send me cash.
Your tank is sweater.
Okay, me or a rash.
I got a fruitcake and some plant plants.
Where trip is for my nose?
Another bottle of old spice.
For a dead eye get a host.
He wrote a fondant.
Return to Santa.
Who needs this junk?
This is Christmas.
Really strong.
He wrote a fondant.
Return to Santa.
Don't need to be rude.
But this Christmas.
I got squished.
Return to Santa.
Return to Santa.
But critics agree.
This collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time.
On the way me to the wife.
Christmas.
Just walk the works I used to know.
Yes, Candlewax music presents.
Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics.
And this 24 record set is truly incredible.
Jingle bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way.
Oh, what fun it is to hide in a one horse open sway.
Oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics performed by America's most beloved hunter of rabbits.
On the way noseway dear.
Have a very shiny nose.
And if you ever saw it, you would even say it well.
Elmer Fuzz, Christmas classics.
Not available in stores.
And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why.
Hello, everybody.
I shall hope you like my Christmas classics.
So call toll free 1-800-5.
Obawaiters are standing by.
Santa Claus is coming to town.
So I have some good news for you.
That whole thing about the Vue Dail and Clear Channel was an April Fool on a website.
I just want to talk to you again.
Why don't you do something also?
What is that?
I just sent you something also about him.
You sent me one.
An email seems that he does a morning show and an afternoon show.
Two different stations.
Gregory Benjamin Badell?
Correct.
I mean, the idea that he would be the GM of Fuzz.
And then just, you know, he does a talk show from three to six.
And then he does a...
He does a talk show from three to six on what?
Where to go?
Give me one second.
On 11.70am WACV.
What?
In Montgomery.
Oh, in Montgomery, Alabama.
He's in the band you want his name.
But on the morning, he does five tests.
You know, even if it smells like pie, it's...
What a great guy.
At least I got pie.
That's my week.
And least I got pie.
You're not on drugs.
Are you?
And least I got pie.
I'm around one that keeps me smiling a lot.
I've never seen you so cheerful.
What the hell is wrong with you?
And least I got pie.
Is that a joint man?
And least I got pie.
What kind of joint is this, man?
At least I got pie.
And explosive.
I demand the malls.
And pie.
Sounds like these people want to get hot.
My kind of being makes a merry Christmas.
For what's a gift for your friends this Christmas?
I got some weed you can have for Christmas.
And the bottom of my car.
Perfect.
At least I got pie.
You're really stupid things when you're hot.
At least I got pie.
Oh, I have a duty joint, man.
For all of you light.
Oh, I mean Christmas.
I guess I forgot.
Happy birthday.
Don't.
So please buy my pie.
How much pie did you smoke?
So please buy my pie.
I can't remember.
So please buy my pie.
It's okay, it's cool.
I've got my gift.
Got pie.
He's just been arrested.
No one I may kind of miss this Christmas.
I on your list, not a gift.
This Christmas.
Come by the best kind of this.
This Christmas from the bottom.
April 4th.
Dance for nothing.
Good to meet you.
Good to meet you.
April 4th, Johnny Joe.
Good to meet you.
Good to meet you.
Good to meet you.
Down in Miami, where the loser's all built.
Here's a big, fast, faster name.
Johnny Joe.
He manages a radio station there
where he comes to paying bills.
Joe don't care.
No.
That'd be terrible.
I'm gonna pay you love.
Ho, ho, ho, ho.
That'd be, that'd be.
That'd be terrible.
I'll show you more.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, that'd be terrible.
Joe's picked a point out that easily agreed
as a spending freeze.
Tracker please.
I'm not the only one who's being left with no choice,
but to lose on your desk a steaming pile of joints.
That'd be Joe.
Man, I'm not a baby.
I'll have a cup of cold.
That'd be, that'd be, that'd be Joe.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
Ho, ho, ho, ho, that'd be Joe.
I'm looking forward to seeing that'd be Joe.
I'm the corner with Joe and Paul Meadow for real.
Walking through the traffic with a cardboard sign that says,
I'm a good beat bump.
Can you smirm me a dime?
Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho.
We make the Joe move.
We fly and start to get Joe's up for ho, ho, ho, ho.
That'd be, that'd be.
I'm not the carcass.
I'm a hobo and a hub.
I'm a hub.
That'd be Joe's.
You blow.
I'm a hub.
Frosty, the snowman was a cold name for this guy.
He was selling drugs, okay, cocaine for the people who would buy.
Went down to the village to seek new clientele.
Like Gallagher said, I don't do the drug.
I just like the way it smells.
But our friend met a tragic end when one day he would stop.
And after he had made the deal, it turned out to be a cop.
Oh, now he's in prison, making love to other men.
No, he isn't gay, but he had to pay severely in the end.
Humpin is run, run, huntin is run, run, look at the candy go.
Humpin is run, run, huntin is run, run, run, all because of love.
Dead, dead, dead, someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead, someday we'll all be dead.
The medic were born, we start dying, we die a little more every day.
Young or old, richer poor, there's nothing we can do to stop it.
So it'll look long at that Christmas tree, it may be the last one that you see.
Take great your house in green and red, cause someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead, someday you'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead, someday we'll all be dead.
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now.
But no matter when it happens, it will seem too soon to you.
So be sure on Christmas Eve when you snuggle into bed.
That you think God for your family, cause someday they'll be dead.
Oh, dead, dead, dead, someday they'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead, someday we'll all be dead.
Who knows how many Christmas's are left in their short life?
Nobody knows, that's my point, enjoy the world you can.
And so on Christmas morning, let good tidings will be your hand.
What a festive season, someday you'll be dead.
Oh, dead, dead, dead, someday we'll be dead.
Dead, dead, dead, everyone you know, dead.
A very merry Christmas to you, dead, dead.
I'm dying on the hand.
Merry Christmas everybody.
I'm dying on the hand.
When William Shatner starts singing, even Star Trek fans start buying earplugs,
and now they'll be trying to escape at warp speed from his new holiday album,
William Shatner Warps Christmas.
On the first day of Christmas, my true love themed up to me.
A dribbling in a factory.
Get that thing out of there Mr. Zulu.
William Shatner Warps Christmas is filled with beloved Ultite Zongs destroyed,
as only Captain Kirk can destroy them.
Second, roasting on an open fire.
Klingons, ripping off your nose.
Out of her mouth, dang!
If you want to explore a really strange new world of Christmas,
listen to what William Shatner does to jolly old St. Nicholas.
Scully old Mr. Spuff.
Kling your boy to ears this way.
Don't you tell a single soul what I'm going to say.
We're globally surrounded by turbulent war ships.
It's the hot of A.C.D. that'll make you want to set your phaser on kill.
William Shatner warps Christmas.
This one shall go right there.
Shoot me up for the ball game.
Plumb me up with the boys.
All right.
So I'll have small nuts and a face that's cracked.
I got tubers growing on my back, but I'll shoot.
Shoot, shoot, some more snare.
Roads were the first free training game.
Course how well could I join Barry Ponds in the whole of fame?
Oh! 10, 54, 5, 60, WQM.
Merry Christmas, happy New Year and happy quans, happy Atheist end of the year, all these things.
454 votes.
I think you're going to make 500 today, Mr.
Oh, right.
Aren't you proud on the day of Christmas Eve?
Yep.
Now tomorrow we got Curtis and the Beast are going to be here between 10 and 2, which is news to us, but nevertheless.
Let me ask you, do we care?
Of course.
No.
We do.
Sure wasn't.
Speak for yourself, Mr. I couldn't give a cramp less what they put on you.
Anyway, I care because I'm working with you.
Why?
I care because I'm working with you.
Oh, that's right, I forgot about that.
Well, make sure you do a hell of a good job.
Jolly, Joe is auditioning all kinds of great talent for the eminent day show.
Greg B.L. starts next Monday.
The biggest name.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
The vaguener.
Any questions?
Some radio stations give you money.
Some radio stations give you car.
But this radio station is different because this radio station is going to give you eternal life.
That's right.
We'll grant you eternal life.
Eternal life.
And three days spending cash to get you started.
Here's what you do.
Be listening this weekend.
And when you hear this sound,
Be a tender car.
We'll register you for your chance to live forever.
Be eternal life.
Then next Friday morning,
We'd draw the name of a one lucky person who will rip us off.
For what eternal life?
So be listening here.
For the radio station where life goes on.
And on.
And on.
And on.
This is learning to spell with Donnell.
I've a Donnell Jackson.
And today we're going to spell the word broken.
Spellig with me now.
Broken.
VR old KEN.
Now, let's use it in the fence.
So I said to the coach,
I said, man,
That broken show throw a football.
This is learning to spell with Donnell.
I'll be Donnell Jackson.
Hi, I'm Peyton Manning.
When I'm engineering a game winning drive,
I don't have time to worry about an overactive bladder.
So I wear depends undergarments.
So does my little brother read it?
No, I don't.
Shut up.
They're paying us a hundred bucks.
But I don't wear.
Shut up.
No, you shut up.
Depends.
They protect me better than my offensive line.
I don't wear them.
The manager told me.
Yeah.
But I was right out of my head.
And Danny said Phil Henry was using a voice instead.
But I didn't listen to his jive.
I knew all along.
He was all wrong.
And I knew that he thought.
Are you sure?
Then I was crazy, but I'm not.
Oh, no.
Yeah, but wait a second.
The manager told me.
Yeah.
Then I was a little confused.
And I said, hey, Bobby.
Yeah.
I didn't call to get abused this way.
I heard a show just the other day.
I think you ought to know what he did on his show.
I was very up all.
That's the reason why I called.
Yeah, but let me say something first.
Let me say something.
This woman named Margaret calls her show quite a lot.
And I don't want to listen to the suck out folks.
Not I know you think Phil is a genius.
And that is okay.
I don't feel that way.
But you would I say?
I didn't think it was a bit funny.
Especially when he talked about the aborted baby tetasus.
With the cocktail socks on top.
Yeah, but did you are you sure?
The manager told me.
That I could use some couch time, but I should have made me.
Yeah.
You'd let me speak my mind.
You'll find I didn't think it was very kind.
And baseball was laid by the cripple and blind.
And to make matters worse.
Yeah.
Passion falls with sunny herch.
Oh, no.
All right, all right.
The manager told me.
Yeah.
Then I was right out of my head.
And then he said, lady.
Your too easily missled for you.
She's no feelin' me shows you naked new.
So why don't you relax and have a value more too?
Cause you don't know if you've got.
To talk to Bobby Green or not.
And you know, three voices are better than wine.
Phil Specter.
He's the man, the man with a lot of guns.
He keeps far fun.
And if Phil Specter.
Ask you out when you're at the house of blues.
You should refuse.
And his home hell say you must stay here.
Corey knows it's a gun you will fear.
I would rather see.
And I'll be a actor.
Then go on a date with Mr. Phil Specter.
On his walls are lots of records of gold.
You'll end up cold dead and cold.
You'll be dead and cold dead and cold.
This is the type of music which needs a little concentrated listening.
And I would request you to have little patience.
We are not trying to make any politics.
We are artists.
Now as usual I would request you my friends to refrain or stop from smoking.
While the program is on.
Thank you very much.
That's nice.
I like to play this Hindu town in the bathroom at the height.
And like your actual house when Muslims come to help the other.
I don't need people smoke or chase the bans around the bar.
I am one bad dude when I pick up and play you my shit down.
Play shit down.
Play shit down.
Play shit down.
Oh my god.
Play shit down.
If you think it's a classic music.
Play shit down.
And then you don't have to come here.
I'm not sure if you are.
But I thought you don't smoke.
I thought you saw what?
I always thought you were capable of smoke.
Oh come here baby.
What's me?
Play shit down.
I thought just for you, you.
You're the one thing you.
I'm here.
This is not for you.
What's me?
Play shit down.
Look what the monsters of the hot mud tours coming to your town should do.
In record stores now it's the most repulsive Christmas album you'll ever hear.
Ali McVill purges all the Christmas favorites.
Listen to it while eating fruit cakes.
Just in time for the holidays the most unusual Christmas album ever.
All grow Winfrey Burbs the Christmas classics.
I'm here.
Listen to Oprah pass gas and Christmas mass.
All grow Winfrey Burbs the Christmas classics.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
I'll be able to in the freezer session and Ralph's.
In the memory potlet, it's better to some tea I want to know who cut the cheese.
John Ferel the taxi car, by set driver, several parties.
He looked at me so quizzically and felt he was in the dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
Hey, could I eat like a monkey speaks English and a monkey?
I went down to my young man bridge where the weather business ends and so name.
I walked into a liquor store but a guy there talks real funny.
I asked him for a pint of whole gym beamie says,
No, on the end of what does that mean?
The butter speaks English and a monkey.
That cornered derle.
Hell, I think I'm in Pakistan speak English melee.
Are you can go back to the Laira?
I came here many years ago and learned my ABC.
I don't say much is gross here.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now stop making this thing.
No but as for English.
Okay, just having a spy report, Greg Vidal turns out it's just a decoy.
Joy of the Kaufman is the real love replacement.
Wow.
My sister's well made jolly Joe.
Wow, is this man got an eye for failure or what jolly Joe?
Wow, he's the best.
I can't say you may not be good joe but at least you're consistent.
Consistent loser.
How are we doing with your pool?
Pretty good.
First seventy seven one.
That's what I said.
I think we got a shot of 500.
Who is your favorite musical duo of all time?
I want to read the whole thing because they don't get accused of just reading the pool members.
He keeps pushing that pool.
Simon and Garfunk will 136, Steely Dan's 79, the Blues Brothers who don't even belong on here.
They've got 47.
And the Kirk is straight from the Vatican, introducing New Catholic Light,
the religion with one third the guilt of your regular faith.
New Catholic Light satisfies your need for Christianity but it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine.
More Catholic.
More Catholic.
With Catholic Light there's no confessions, no sermons, and no lingering afterlife.
It's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances.
Our services are held three times a year and they're only 15 minutes long.
Plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion.
We've dropped that too.
Look for our churchma beel in your neighborhood.
Hey, you might be in the front pew.
Or ye of little faith, try Catholic light because a little faith is all you need.
I thought Christy, and he was fairy tale.
This religious thing was not for me.
They held a big convention.
Let me implore free.
I don't idea what I was about to see.
They were speaking in tongues.
That they'd be a believer.
This was kind of fun.
Just stick it out of high ground.
Speak in tongues.
They got people even.
My tongue is weaving from side to side.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
That's what it is.
The Lord will now embrace me.
I bet my tongue to the feet.
For now, whatever I do, will forgive me.
Because now I speak in tongues.
That makes me a believer.
And I'm having fun.
Playing round with time out.
That I speak in tongues.
That's what it is.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
My God Wasser wack, FREE!
My religion laws required to avoid allegiances.
Deια Hebrew.
My religion as a legend.
Sorcerer of religion.
My religion as a good country.
My religion as a good country.
What we like about the best, I found no coins in where address my religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We have no rules, I can't go in and drive a cab to make a living my religion better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
You, Pahabra, and spooky ghost, we slide our fakes and dobs and dobs and goes to my religion's better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We, with babies, empty children, have a echo baby, ill, my religion is better than yours.
Please!
My religion is better than yours.
My religion is better than yours.
We knock on doors to father, you like fuller brush, just do our rules.
Prime religion's better than your ways.
Prime religion's better than your religion.
Prime religion's better than your orders.
We wear ties and ride our bikes and get to very lots of wives.
Prime religion's better than yours.
Prime religion's better than your religion.
Prime religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our rain for mindless living's our parade.
Prime religion's better than yours.
There he was, just a walkin' on the sea sand.
You are dead, dead, dead, dumb, dead, dead.
He's a man from the land of calories sand.
You are dead, dead, dead, dumb, dead, dead.
He's good, he's good, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep.
He changes water into wine.
The next thing I knew we had a layman on his feet singing.
You are dead, dead, dead, dumb, dead, dead.
You thought I'd find out gonna see you and the dumb, I'd find out the speech singing.
You are dead, dead, dead, dumb, dead, dead.
He walked on, walked on, who might've done?
My dog, walked on, who might've done?
Then he cured a leper's source.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, some tray he's the son of God.
He'll go.
Yes, they do, but there's other people to get so out.
Now he's the reason that we have any today's singin' to what I did.
Dead, dead, dumb, dead, dead.
And he's the reason that all the Christians praise singin' to what I did.
Dead, dead, dumb, dead, dead.
They praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down, praise him,
and kneel down, a man of war, a thorny crown.
You are dead, dead, dead, dumb, dead, dead.
You are dead, dead, dumb, dead, dead.
He's the Jew, do I dead, dead, dead, dumb, he's the Jew.
Do I dead, dead, dumb, he's the Jew.
Do I dead, dead, dead, he's the Jew.
Jesus Christ, for extra strength, Dexadren.
When you're getting crucified, the last thing you need is headache.
There's so much pressure hanging around with the whole world,
since waiting on your shoulders, and some f***ing gladiator sticks his spear in your thigh.
Yeah!
Jesus Christ that hurts.
So when this thorny crown feels like a vicer on my head,
that's when I reach for Dexadren.
Well, I don't reach for it.
Hey!
Anybody got any Dexadren?
Hey, Jonas!
Could you feel a confluent in my mouth?
Come on, I'm the savior for Christ's sake!
Extra strength, Dexadren.
Because a headache is a heavy cross to bear.
I know this is Albert Kite from Taunivan Records,
and I'm inviting you American infidel to buy latest Kat Stevens collection.
You know my homie is right, we'll take your head off your body.
Got a machete with the real sharp blade.
How I wish I had an American hostage, make those into those veins.
I was only including this classic!
I was on the airway, and suddenly was detained.
There're matches I can burn, and we're telling my head.
I don't know what I'm gonna do!
I'm being followed by an F-16.
What do they want with me?
Come on, you're from your purchase does not go to fun's terrorism, really!
It's not time to get off the plane, just relax and take it easy.
You're just dumb, that's your fault.
It wouldn't have been a firewood you, find dark skin, and a rag.
If you want a detainee...
Another variation on a classic!
I'm gonna shoot you every other time.
I'm cutting through the neck of a woman.
She lived her veil and exposed herself.
So by New Cat Stevens' collection today for 1995,
all you can play with Lisa, Mastercard, or weapons of master's drugs.
Now let me ask you this.
I don't want to get too personal here, but what are you going to be eating for Christmas Day tomorrow for dinner?
Turkey or Ham?
Ham!
Ah!
What would Jesus think about somebody eating ham on his birthday?
I don't know, what would he think?
Trayf!
Oh well, I had turkey for Thanksgiving so it's Ham for Christmas.
I know exactly what he would say.
Oye!
At least one or two times.
Oh you mebke?
Yeah, I know Jesus.
Ayushki, I call him Ayushki, those of us who know him well.
That's cool.
494 votes on your poll about your favorite musical duo of all time.
Simon and Garfunkel kicking ass.
They're way ahead.
495.
We need five more votes and I bet you'll get them by noon for our 500.
On a Monday, I am waiting.
On a Monday, on a Monday, on a Monday, on a Monday.
Just another Monday, Monday.
On Monday, on Monday, on Monday, on Monday.
But I don't like Monday.
He's with Monday Night's Italian Night.
And he's with Monday Night's Italian Night.
On Monday.
See this part of the video is a bed where he's supposed to like talk over a bunch of crap.
But it's a holiday so we don't want to do that.
Do we?
Now let's go play.
That's it.
Good thinking.
You know maybe you walked away.
Yeah, I did.
I'm going to go take a big healthy joys.
Sound good?
And then when I'm done with that, maybe I'll take a big joke.
Be careful, hook yourself.
Coming up in cheesecake.
Smaking the new shit.
April Fool, jolly joys.
All a big joke.
All the old folks are for the mom.
They're checking the CDs.
No, they never say please.
Just waiting for the early bus.
Special to come.
Wasting, waking and good old, how to live.
Searching for the most deep they left in a glass.
And how dare they claim that there's a talk host to play.
But they know it's their own damn fault.
And they never say please.
The shuddering in my, to get the early but on time.
The bush in just as hot as it can.
And once they are seated.
They get overheated.
And stock stuff and roses we blowing them back.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Wasting, waking and good old, how to live.
Looking for that long lost father in the room.
And how dare they say that it's the all of truth a day.
But for some.
And anyone in the booths.
Right them.
The whole folks don't know the reason.
Why nothing is reason.
The muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit.
What doesn't matter when they call up kneeling chatter.
I hate you kneeling never listen to your shuddering.
You fairy.
And wasting away again and good old how to live.
Just a bottle of metal, you can land away.
And how dare they claim that it's the all of truth a plane.
But kneel no.
They can't wait for his show.
And how dare they claim that it's the all of truth a plane.
But kneel no.
They just can't wait for his show.
They're two Miami cops with a hot new beans.
They're on the streets fighting crime.
They pop as a handicap base there.
In Allenville vies.
We got a problem the grey gang is a cruel trace.
We've sent it in at the group of senior citizens to win around trying to get the early bird special after seven.
Yeah, they're back in town.
Let's go get them.
They'll stop at nothing.
Clean up the streets.
Hey lady, you can't cross here. You'll have to cross in the light.
They're determined to clean up this smudging business.
All right, sister, you're under arrest.
Oh, so now you're arresting my wife, watch the charge.
Session of powder. Open that first time. Let's see that white stuff.
Yeah, just a thought. She got over 100 bags in here.
Of what?
Sweet and low.
From that restaurant she just came out of. Let's take a minute.
Yeah, there comes a Miami cops on a hot new beans.
In Allenville vies.
Remaring this fall on MBZ.
Oh, I think I'll turn on the old Rogers.
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
Hold it right there pal. Don't touch that dial.
Oh my god. It's...
Sunny!
It's Allenville vies too.
Sunny's revenge.
Yeah, it looks like we got him. Thanks for the tip Mrs. Aquacoi.
You're welcome, Sunny. I mean, I know he was a sick owl when I ran into him the place.
I mean, look at this. He even has this filthy was looking at.
My god. It's the 10-hunting pictures.
Looks like we stopped on their future mass red or kneel, scumbag moron.
The streets of Howandale I say begin. Thanks to you, Sunny.
That's doing my job Mrs. Aquacoi.
By the way, I'm going to need your name and phone number. We contact you later.
Let me get you my card.
Ops, I dropped my pipe.
Say, what's that that fill out of your purse?
Oh, we down south as I can stack through the tower.
All time a wreck with him.
On a coldest sack and to vent you about the going next door.
They all drive for half a mile a day where that Gucci smile at least stands.
In line a while with no nearer they burst.
Leed man had to rob some clothes.
That night and two.
Leave the Brooklyn city to take the tunnel.
And go look back and down the Jews it turned like the tambourine.
Roll the malls and the sidewalks hail from your hair.
As you wrap your nails to your friends.
You're going to gloom in there and they won't fit far behind.
Or more.
Salute man had to rob some dress now and that night too.
We vitment go through the tunnel and roll it out and down the
Jews the homeorge to franc ditt ona and roll these royal
You're going to bloom in the days that they won't be far behind
We're down south past hack and sack there's a time
Cold time or act we live on a cold and sack
And to bet you about the going next door
We're down south past hack and sack there's a time
Cold time or act we're down south
Past hack and sack there's a time
Cold time or act we live on a cold and sack
Past hack and sack there's a time
Cold time or act we live on a cold and sack
You're a bastard
I'm fired up again
My wife took their card out of the wall
She drives my dealer and she's three feet tall
I wouldn't ride with her no way
I said I'd need a day later today
So I'm just sitting on a pensioned array
Waiting for the lily bus to take me away
Or I'm just sitting on a pensioned array
With my friend's hand
I'm not driving too tight to tell my change
Because if my fans don't always stay the same
All they're gonna do is get her tells me to do
The private her life she must be in the same
I'm just sitting here and resting my bones
When then why my wife won't leave me alone
We've got it over that I never win
I just wind up schlepping through the wall again
Oi, so I sit on a pensioned array
Waiting for the lily bus to take me away
Oi, you're just sitting on a pensioned array
With my friend's hand
There it is
So that's the time I'd be waiting on the end day
I'm gonna be waiting for the lily bus to take me away
I'm gonna be waiting for the lily bus to take me away
I'm gonna be waiting for the lily bus to take me away
Oi, you're just sitting on a pensioned array
You put 14-doll of noon
Now how you like these selections so far?
You're enjoying this or what?
Oh, it's great
You love it
You can screen the calls if you want
Oh, okay, I'll get right on it
We're not gonna take any but screen those calls, man
Hi, hi
I thought I'd interrupt the proceedings just for this because you'll love with us
As stunt bystanders watched a Patriots fan on his way into Gillette Stadium for yesterday's game
Let over, oh, often overpass and fell 17 feet out of the pavement below
He thought he was gonna land in a snow bank said one witness
But guess what?
He didn't
Right
New Center Fives Todd Casavitz, Casacacacavitz
reported that the 20-year-old man was on a pedestrian walkway heading toward the store
Is it Patriot place about 315 yesterday afternoon?
All of a sudden he jumped
He was screaming on the way down
Then he was silent, said another witness
The man bounced off the pavement below
Not a snow bank, the pavement
He was unconscious and unresponsive
Said, kind of like our management, unconscious
And unresponsive since Scott Rogers a fox for a fire and rescue
A medical helicopter landed on the Patriots practice
He was filled through the man to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston
Officials there said he was in serious condition
Police are investigating whether booze was involved
He definitely had something to drink
Said a man to witness the incident
I think he had a great deal of the drink
That's football baby
What it's all about?
Sister Jean, the dead's a machine
A sweet and none with heavy feet
Jump the gyre into the beat
Sister Jean, the dead's a machine
Sister Jean is a kerosene, ladding at the top of the ring
Hold her down, who ain't you mean?
She can shake at pasty feet
She was right aside of lying to my
Looking like a real cool dancing cool
Looking her ghost, ringing high and low
With the boy friend Father old too
Sister Jean, the dead's a machine
The dancing ain't her only thing
She'll knock you off your feet
When you hear her well and too
I thought a bad habit of grumping like a rabbit
When the music turns me on
I know it sounds happy but I'm so not bad
And you think it is gone
Sister Jean, the sweet and none
A shaken fountain, so not fun
That ain't bad for 85
And that luck can really fly
Sister Jean, the dead's a machine
Sister Jean, the dead's a machine
Sister Jean, the dead's a machine
Sister Jean, the dead's a machine
Shitty and shirky
The dead's a machine
Shitty and shirky
The dead's a machine
Shitty and shirky
Shh, sh...
Show a little, all the night
Show a little.
Shitty and shirky
Can a fail films represent
the dolphins suck
in the 2007 campaign
Players, reporters and fans agree.
The dolphins suck.
Not only do they suck, they suck out loud.
They're players suck.
They're coaches suck.
And those pastel uniforms.
Oh, daddy, do they ever suck?
But on a rainy Monday night in Pittsburgh,
the suck fans took sucking to a whole new level of suck.
They lost the three-nothing ball game with 17 seconds remaining in the fourth quarter.
Thus prompting football fans everywhere to shut off their TVs,
shake their heads, and shout upon high, the dolphins suck.
Absolutely.
Oh, you can tell your fans you don't like their demands.
If they have some requests, you just say no.
And then tell Walmart Kent to tell the management.
You want nobody missing with your show.
Go round from tandem through.
And when your shift is through, tell George you can relax and smoke some weed.
And then go tell Joe Bell that he can go to hell.
He even almost makes you miss great green.
George.
But don't play a fart, the sound of a fart.
I don't think George would understand.
Because if you play a fart, the sound of a fart,
you'll be in trouble with the peacefully cleaned.
Ooh.
Don't play a fart.
It's got had a bomb.
And took a hit in Woody, act like Cheat-Jun-Chomps.
And get the munchies and make brownies filled with hats.
And Woody's sharing with Jesus and the saints those highest hotheads.
And yeah, yeah, hot is great.
And yeah, yeah, hot is good.
And yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Why do God most care to us?
Still good.
Smoking hot like one of us.
Gidding high on the back of the boy, just him and Moses getting so.
On a grey hump, us too long.
All right.
To get some bad at Kinoan Grove.
A couple of times back to take home.
No cup of money on his throne.
No fun in heaven is your stone.
We're down in Jamaica and the caret of being.
They got the best birth that you ever seen.
Ask anybody in that table of work.
They tell you this country where the gun should be good.
A rascal man has some he want to sell.
And from my mile away, you can detect the smell of smoke.
Lick it and stick it.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
He light up his split and choke.
Florida sucks.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The down in your hand can ease and smoke.
The gun should be good.
Show me yours, I'll show you mine.
All right.
You can carry lots of herb in the gunny sack.
Smoke it every day until your lungs turn black.
With all the money that we have made.
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid.
American tourists home here and say,
Got nothing like this in the USA.
They smoke, I want to give you a kiss.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
They light up his split and choke.
They begin to cough and choke.
I, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
The gun should be good.
Are you sure?
From the selfless son you are, a lost man.
You like to smoke the giant stiff whenever you can.
Then the people coming here for miles around.
A bite of herb for you by the ounce of new power.
Rastaman say to her, how are you right?
They gun should be good tonight.
And then they smoke.
Give me a lot of herb.
They gun just smoke, smoke.
They light up his split and choke.
Oh, you got it.
Smoke, gun, just smoke, smoke.
Smoke, gun, just smoke.
Ah, shut up before I beat the crap out of you.
They gun should be good.
Come on.
This is Pretty Quidd.
Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Oh, I'm great.
I want some quidd.
You ain't seen your head quite like gravy, weird.
These are footballs they do.
A solid world of meat.
The kind of guys that I want to do,
that's good to build two keys.
I want to give him the one today,
but there's no chance at all.
So does that make me a sports queen?
If I want to see him grab the ball.
Yes.
Oh, baby wow.
Look at that kid.
You ain't seen no man quite like gravy, weird.
I've got a high-damping screen that helps me see his balls.
I can do what I want, but I ain't gonna never get numb.
No need days off of business school.
Okay, that's not so great.
But I'll tell you know that it's not neat.
At least until he's 28.
I'm great.
Now, I want some quidd.
You ain't seen no man quite like gravy, weird.
Oh, baby wow.
Look at that kid.
You ain't seen no man quite like gravy, weird.
Yeah.
You're fairing.
We dance like sasses we sing.
Like verses but we must tell you.
We swear we're not gay if you were.
These outfits and clothes they will kick your ass.
Like this.
We got a lens.
We swear we're not gay.
We look like candy we're deciding.
We sing like a bunch of funny writers.
Like we're straight.
Our agency says we gotta say these will be not gay.
Our biggest fans are 12 year old girls who think we're as cute as candy.
Yeah.
As they get older they all think it out.
We're hiding our latency.
One thing is for sure we get many joy.
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
We do.
But today we think that we have better sex.
We swear we're not gay.
I swear we're not gay.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
From the push-portel that left us all this way.
We fall then to blind support.
It was our doom as the bombs drop from the stars from far away.
Maybe we should have paid attention a little bit more to the fat switch.
We chose to ignore the price of capacity.
But I'm afraid that the alarm won't be very long.
We'll meet again with a hope that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
We'll meet again if we don't wind up dead.
From the push-portel that left us all this way.
We'll meet again with a hope that by then civil rights will be restored one sunny day.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dumb at people killed.
With the gas that we sold in first time agressor nation and the only one that's growing.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the nooks there to Samantha.
The right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
3000 people killed are now forgotten.
Let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in.
Going after Saddam too.
Plankade Osama, there's no longer mention of the name in Laden.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacent, believe in every word of this cartel administration that controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our heads.
That iraq has some weapons of mass destruction.
Come sign over here.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the ice crop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Table talkers all are saying.
Line obedience cattle don't have any reservations.
Toulin provoked cattle and world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall in halibut and it's gone with no objection at all.
Timber crabs don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over into our parade wash pants.
I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Only I rack has some weapons of mass destruction.
Who sounds like a moron?
Every time he speaks, he gets away.
God wants to speak, wants to take a city and cover it in the sweet.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can because he wants to make new Orleans peace move.
And I don't care what people are saying.
Sounds like Jesse Jackson.
We are as black people.
His comments are bizarre.
Surely God is man.
He compares the locals to a willy-wong-cuffer.
Chocolate.
Raynagan can.
Yes, Raynagan can.
Raynagan can because he wants to make new Orleans peace move.
It's time for us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans, the one that should be uptown all the way over the old.
This city will be chocolate.
A chocolate New Orleans.
He never takes the blame for anything he says.
Chocolate.
At the end of the day.
That chocolate in some coffee and a cup of wine called Des.
Raynagan can.
Raynagan can.
You know I can.
Raynagan can because he wants to make new Orleans peace move.
You can't have new Orleans no other way.
It wouldn't be.
It just wouldn't be.
No, Lawrence.
Had you seen that newest pull from New Hampshire?
No, with that.
Barack Obama 30% Hillary swillery 28 and Edwards 14.
Oh right.
I just mentioned it in passing.
I've had to get more good news speaking to numbers and clearly get in.
And that is I just fact they were a couple for tomorrow.
Oh, okay.
I want to take the fresh rock, Curtis and the Beast.
This guy only knows what kind of crap they put on there.
You know what?
I think he might be gone to just in case facts it to over here.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, facts it to you.
Yeah, facts it to me in case he's not here.
I'll drop it in also.
In case who's not there?
Well, Eric was going out of town to think to see family.
He wasn't going to get back till tomorrow night.
I like to.
He got a lot of nerve-ed doing that for Christmas for crying out loud.
Who the hell does he think he is?
Some goi or something?
Yeah, I know.
What the hell's up with that?
Wow.
Okay, thanks.
Okay.
Oh, and I just wrote a bunch of crap on it.
Well, I'll cross it out.
541 votes on your pull.
Not too shabby.
We might get to 550 by 2.
There we go.
Hey y'all, my name is Franz.
You Jean Thomas.
Friends of Bush is nominee for this Supreme Court.
And you know, there's not some people's identity just off.
I smoke a little marijuana when I say cottage.
Yeah, they were another one.
Can you enjoy?
Yeah, maybe we don't see our side, you know.
I know, remember y'all.
They don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court.
Yeah, I got to munch you.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to set y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
There you are.
I've been token.
And I've token to the East.
And I've token to the West.
And I've token why I look up Saturday on a bus.
I've been token.
Let's go burn one, y'all.
Bush hates gays.
Bush hates gays.
See how he'll pass a gay amendment ban.
While op descendants is going to go to become a married home,
while Moe's disgusted unless you're ahead.
So well, because Bush hates gays.
George, I read that U.S. forces have discontinued their search for WMDs.
Those weapons of mass destruction got to be somewhere.
George, you promised you'd find them.
I will not rest.
Nope, no weapons over there.
George, what are you doing?
No weapons over there.
Mr. Bush, I switched the medication if I was you.
George, chill.
Nope, no weapons over there.
Wait out.
Heal.
Time out.
You're too help.
Nope.
In music stores now, George Bush sings the Beatles' sound.
Will, maybe the money.
Will, just any money.
I can have a breath.
I can skin, skin, skin.
I can't do George Bush sings the Beatles.
I can't do George Bush.
Abugaro.
Abugaro.
Well, I can't write.
Why it goes on.
Special bonus track featuring Linda Piccarni.
Three polypaglia with every purchase.
I'm George W. Bush.
And I approve this message.
It's common sense of it.
Rarely is the question asked.
Is our children learning?
Families is where our nation finds hope.
Where wings take dreams.
You're working hard to put food on your family.
Prison's like Abugaro and my state of the Union are state.
My state of the nation.
I really want to call it speechination.
No dehoramos a Ningún in your cross.
I'm honored to shake the hand.
I've been a brave Iraqi citizen who had his hand cut off by Sedan with sand.
You teach a child to read and hear her will be able to pass a literacy test.
Our enemies are innovative and resourceful.
And so are we.
They never stop thinking about new ways to harm our country and our people.
And neither do we.
There's an old saying in Tennessee.
I know it's in Texas.
Probably in Tennessee.
This just fooled me once.
Shame on you.
It fooled me.
You can't get fooled again.
I hear there's rumors on the internet.
Too many good dots are getting out of business.
Too many OBGYNs aren't able to practice their their love with women all across this country.
You're free and freedom is beautiful.
And you know, it'll take time to restore chaos and order.
But we but we will.
Don't you sure hope it's not the administration?
What do you think tribal sovereignty means in the 21st century?
And how do we resolve conflicts between tribes and the federal and state governments?
Travel sovereignty means that.
It's sovereign.
It's you're a you're a you've been given sovereignty and your view is a sovereign entity.
And therefore the relationship between the federal government and tribes is one between
sovereign entities.
Oh my God.
God was in Iraq.
He cut funding for their levies.
Looters causing anarchy.
In Aruba we made a bigger deal.
In search for Natalie Holloway.
For one white girl we trained a late.
And even asked for help from the Navy Seals.
George Bush was vacationing in Crawford.
I guess next year there'll be no Marty Grum.
Girls gone wild needs the city of New Orleans.
Or don't have to send their film crew to Florida.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
I'm a rubber down a rubber down I find a brainlessly
It's the reason why you live
Bow, bow, bow, raw madon
Raw madon
Raw madon
Raw madon
Bow, bow, bow
I want you to celebrate
I'm a rubber down a rubber down a rubber down
I love people around the street
Rubbin' on a rubber down a rubber down
Rubbin' on a rubber down a rubber down
Rubbin' on a rubber down a rubber down
Raw madon
A bow, bow, bow
Raw madon
Raw madon
Raw madon
Raw madon
Raw madon
Raw madon
Raw madon
Raw madon
And then the Lord said
Let there be light
And low
There was light
From the same people who brought to the much beloved talking Bible comes a new 10 volume set brilliantly updated for the 80s
Yes, it's the wrapping Bible
There was dark everywhere then the message
And the light was there he said I've done good there's no doubt on the seventh day
He just chill out Genesis Genesis
Beginning of death beginning of this finally a good book
And his word is not there check it out there's a town called Saga in the world
Everybody body like look tomorrow God look down saying now my phone
Dole back or you turn to saw those white sugar peeps started to freeze the cow came up and make the cheek
Shake a lick y'all of the cheek y'all
Imagine all the songs all the parables every sacred biblical word
Interpreted by the finest Saga in the whole time
The wrapping Bible making his way of fresh again
1 24 5 60 nobody QM see you got the pool
Yes, I got the pole excellent. What do you mean?
No, I got the pole and Eric said that um, he's actually still there. So it's already up ready to be posted really
Let me take a few can do what he wants to know though when he wants to know is Wednesday's pole
You still are yeah, I'm here okay. I mean is that a joke or what no because he said he's gonna be you know leaving today
Right and he's gonna get back tomorrow night about 10 o'clock in night
You know he didn't know what you wanted to do for Wednesday's pole tell him just relax. Okay, one day to time
It's it's the holidays there. It's just relaxed. Thanks for your uh sincere concern
Yeah, I just know what's actually true taken care of you know. Yeah, take care of this
And I told you we get a facts today. Did I knock? Yes you did from our good friend PR Ralph
First of all he says wishing you and all your loved ones all my loved ones are happy holidays
Him including Paco and we did see the 60 minutes with Tom Brady my wife thought he's a hunk
But she loved his baby preachers and did you see his sister? Wow are they hot? Yeah runs in a family. So was it sister hot?
I wasn't paying any attention with sister
What is high school pictures and his college pictures
Anyway, PR Ralph says by the way wish me a happy birthday Thursday
I'll turn the big five. Oh, I remind you as old people tend to forget. Thank you very much PR Ralph
Speaking of old people
So don't forget the new lineup starts next week very jackass
Maybe I should read that article again a few times about man dog is going to four to seven and Jason jerks jack suggestion two to four
Which leaves Joe all alone in the morning, which means he's actually got a chance to succeed and
Greg Pudell is the hot room around town mid-days
Have a boy with your telebook
Exposing the Jackson family. You're a cook
But make it and play boy
You've been all for some cash
You're more suited for buying choir girl your trash
All the dead of all the Jackson's you tell
Michael and his mom P.J.
Sister
With all his witness you make might seem normal
Girl just shut up
That boy
But all you
Tell them lesson lame
Time to make a sleazy fuck of your family's name
You
Take your coat and shove it
I ain't gonna work if no more
I've had enough of all the criminals buried as a folklore
I'm getting tired of getting money away
You know the Christian corporate horrors
You can take your coat and shove it
I ain't gonna work if no more
Well I was a Christian soldier of God
Well, he's a bird all these years
All that time I followed every word of the scriptures
Rit back weirds
Get your keys to his powerful God
And then I'm on my way to my team way
Except it not 11 when he must have been gone
On a bus friend's holiday
Take your God and shove it
I ain't gonna work if no more
But that you're all right
If your witness because everybody else is wrong
I'm getting tired of watching people die
And the name of his invisible lord
But take your coat and shove it
You're God
I ain't gonna work if no more
Take your coat and shove it
I ain't gonna work if no more
In a place that feels just like the band-aid I've been to
Take the back dressed and dragged that drink
And we need to hear
If you want to bring the circle and play it up to the day
The team's all you gotta do is just ask to get it here
Who writes his ass with sounded to Palabite Nine
And
Hades girls with don't care facts that's a Taliban
And Taliban
And we'll take your back
Cause we'll leave a crack
And we'll retire
Oh, sir, go back to work
And then we'll go forward
And we'll let the people catch their eye
And think first
I ain't to raise my hands
Like if you love
I never know when I go to gallery
You still can see me now
And it's because of the bad man
And
As a butt crack
Hit him with 10
He's the Taliban man
And
You should bump
For the Taliban in the downestown
And
And
Oh,
And
Oh,
Harder
And
Shorter
Well, he's a Tallahassee Nazi
Oh, we got the money from his daddy
Oh,
And as I step by little,
Braddie
Whoa,
With an agenda that's cracking
Whoa,
Well, he's a Tallahassee Nazi
Just a dead of ballet
Well, he's a presidential son
Who doesn't have to run
No one else is gonna win
And he's not just a bright aunt
Sikhar
Sikhar
Sikhar
Sikhar
He has a golden spoon
He was born with something's ass
So look out, all you do
Get ready for the gas
He's a Tallahassee Nazi
Oh,
He'll give our civil rights to Wamy
Oh,
He's a Tallahassee Nazi
Love of a ballet
Well, he's a very wealthy dude
With very packed his shoes
Who never pays his dues
My next year will all be Scruz
Sikhar
Sikhar
Sikhar
Sikhar
Any smart coup in that race
Against buddy, but K, why do you think they call it Gubber
Victoria Lanyway
He's a Tallahassee
Oh,
He'll make the KKK happy
Whoa,
Yeah, he's a Tallahassee
That's his double ballet
Come on, let's do step
Come on, let's go for the
Oh,
He'll stand for naked man
In the sour soul
All around the four-hole clown
Staring at my soul
You will straight rise
Up all the time
Outman,
Two-Play Games
Can't beat the eyes
Up high behind
Insisting
They're not gay
You got to hide your heart away
You got to hide your heart away
Absolutely
Tell, we'll smile to an ugly face
Is that straight?
Gave a bite
Men who fall of love
Men
Is a sord-hole
Stayed up my
Y-Y-Y-Y
Now, just you
Just sord-hole queers
Having fun with the boys
In the lots of room I hear
Boy, boy, boy, boy, boy
Boy, boy, boy, boy
You got to hide your heart away
Oh,
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Tell, we'll get to
Find your heart away
You
You
you getting?
spricht
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man I'm a man, I'm first, I'm just one, I'm first, that's me, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man. I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I
And for Johnny Joe, Caxahoyce by the way.
Okay, 22 before 1 at 5.60 WDQM, you're sub-a little bit 5.65 on the pool. I thought we were going to shoot for 600.
We were? I don't know, I just made that up.
Oh, okay. What's wrong with that?
Oh, you can be serious.
It's good to have a goal in life, man. It's really good. And, you know, I'm just thinking here during this last segment of really brilliant stuff.
I'm thinking of myself next Monday, which we have to work, is New Year's Eve.
Now what are we going to do on that day?
I don't know. To me, that's not like Christmas, is it?
I mean, it's not quite like Christmas, but people are already getting boozed, so.
Oh, that should be good, and let's take a lot of call.
Hello, and T-A-Y, S-U-C-K-N.
Right hand back, open dial a fan, second home lane, two dead ladies.
I'm the land to my housey rent, now he's hiding in my basement.
And you thought it was over, they got sat up, and I write.
Well, the joke's on, you pathetic boon.
That's one of them came back, movable O-M-O-M-O-R.
He's a curious, poor, high-law.
I tried to tell a reporter, but none of them wanted to hear.
Please an evil food with the bomb or two, and no one cares he's here.
Boola, boola, boola, boola, boola, boola, boola, boola.
Every time they see that we're lacking it's a home.
They probably have life that will be chewed by the cold.
Who said he's the one who's again, now they have only one.
They've taken a land, don't put me back, so down we got a,
now we're all put together and say you got a, he won't attack us, don't know.
You got a place for us, like Jesus.
You say nine and eleven is what they got you to do to me.
Can't get any government or won't call me country to me.
You believe what they say, like a call, like a call, like a call, like a call, like a call.
The state of the world is true.
Well the election of all we've got, oh she's got it in, we've got it.
Get down on your knees, we've got it.
We've got it.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
We've been the biggest battle I've ever seen.
That's what I'm gonna say, this is when it's out,
shut up by his disease.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
This is what the biggest battle I've ever seen.
Talk show host, I'll find one in no time,
come on man, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Come die, come die, come die, come die, come die, come die, come here.
Turned about.
Rats house, doubt.
Listen.
Chances are...
Hello, water is warm, huh?
I'll say you come here often, what may?
Have you been here before?
No, first time.
What's your name?
Freeway.
Freeway, that's nice.
I'm a bigot.
Please, to meet you, bigot's name here.
You were here to get sir.
Cleaner?
Oh, I don't know.
You were work around here?
I'm a waiter, but actually I'm an actor, you know.
Oh yeah, yeah, I know.
What's the top of it?
You probably need to rely on it.
Oh, outside, but you know what everything is in the news and all.
Hey, you can start relaxing right now, freeway.
I brought something.
Ooh, she, mm-hmm.
And freeway, not just any she either.
Look.
Wow, gold lame.
Pretty kitty condom, huh?
But here's the most important part, freeway,
in the ProTecht label.
ProTecht, huh?
Aren't those indoors?
By the City Council of San Francisco?
Absolutely.
You know the ProTecht slogan, don't you?
I sure do.
35th date by the City by the Bay.
Well, what do you say?
Darn, look at that.
I dropped the soap again.
I'll get it.
You bet your life he will.
And with confidence.
Because freeway and spiket have condoms sent.
Don't let worry spoil those chance meetings in public showers.
Always carry ProTecht.
The ROTE, T-R-O-C-E-T, T-M-I-3-S-N-B, T-R-O-T-E-T,
T-V-N-J, with no apology.
The ProTecht, T-R-O-C-E-T,
T-R-O-C-E-T, T-R-O-C-T, T-R-O-C-T,
Don't doubt.
Know what it's all about.
The ProTecht's chief,
so they won't send you a re-proTecht condom.
A division of Black Flag,
House of Guards and Pets and Gold Division,
keeping situation safe since 1887.
The PASTER FEEL!
Tite little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
Sundance pop up on every day.
Blessed with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of packets in the USA,
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
The very best of packets in the USA,
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Jester FEEL!
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen,
You choice of the Fags of America.
A little number, I wrote the other day
while out duck hunting with a judge.
What?
You very much the FCC.
You very much for finding me.
5,000 bucks a foot,
So I'm really out of luck.
As more than Heidi Flaz was judging me.
So you very much the FCC.
For proving that free speech just isn't free.
Clear channels, a dear channel.
So how it's done must go.
A turn, a general, Ash Trot doesn't like strong words and so.
He's charging twice as much as all the drugs for rush limo.
So what do you want so very much?
So you very much the Mr. Bush.
For your rowy curly sitting on your tush.
For Halliburton and Ron all the companies who hail.
Let's send them a clear signal and stick markers straight in jail.
She's an operative rich rich and at least she isn't.
So you are so very much.
Yes.
So you think, say me too.
You and everything you do.
Your pace maker must be a fake.
You haven't got a mark.
No, as far as I'm concerned.
You're just a pasty face to fall.
And as for Condoleez, a she's an intellectual god.
So for your so very much.
So you very much the EPA.
For giving all the Lasca's oil away.
It really is a bummer when I can't fill my hunger.
The ozone's a no-go zone now that Arnold's here to save.
The nuclear intercams are going to take place in LA.
So you also very much.
So what the planet fails.
Let's save the great white males.
And you also very much.
1253 7-1.
Happy Christmas, Mary New Year.
However, the hell I go is happy holidays, et cetera, and so on.
From everybody still left the QAM, which isn't too many of us.
At least today anyway.
Greg Bidell shows starts next week.
Boy, I'm going to pretend I can't wait for that.
Why does everybody hate me?
We just do, Greg.
It's just one of those things.
573 votes on your poll, Chris.
You're going to need more for some more for six hundred.
I think you got an outside shot.
You got your good one.
Because they're just peeing in today.
Just dripping.
Who is or was your favorite musical duo of all time?
Simon and Garfunkel kicking ass baby, 160.
Nobody even close.
Steely day 94, the Blues Brothers 60, which doesn't belong on here, because there are Erzatz.
Hollinotes 31, Carpenter's 23, Outcast 19.
Tears for fears and some you and share with 18-apiece.
Sam and Dave's 16, the Arithmic's 16, Marvin Gaye and Tammy Terrell 13.
Logons of Machina 12, the righteous Brothers 12, the one who's still alive.
Wayam 11, you're ferried.
Air supply 11, the Averly Brothers 10, done and filled.
Pet Shop Boys 9, I continue to turn to 9.
How's it going?
Still dead.
Jan and Dean, which one is dead?
Jan Buried.
You don't know who Jan and Dean is for quite all time.
Oh, poor Jan, just as well as dead.
Captain Angel Emil 6, seals and crops 5.
Marilyn McCool and Billy Davis, Jr. 3, peaches and herb 3.
The Indigo Girls 2, Donnie and Marie got a pair.
Savage Garden 1, Ashford and Simpson 1, the Rondells and Rocks said of both God.
Arrgh!
The Rondells.
How about the Handels?
Ah, a little Honda?
Was a little Honda by the Rondells or by the Handels?
I'm okay.
I don't know.
And guess what I'm not going to look it up.
You think I'm going to look it up on the day before Christmas on Christmas Eve?
Are you mailing it in?
I'm mailing it in.
I'm sending a postcard baby.
Keep the postage down.
That's the new deal of QN Man.
Keep the expenses down.
577 on Chris's world famous pool.
Hey, this God for real.
The wind up in Belk and Tika's slapping old women with painted lips around the pool.
I listen to the Nile Rogers' one and two hours.
I mean, I listen to the Nile Rogers' fair and balanced one and two hours.
Whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh, whuh.
Hey, Perrote.
Why?
By the way, son, I've been giving it some thought.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that being a new kid does do much better.
Go with six to ten and not at five.
I can't dial in the cranky jewel.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
Spread out to tight.
No chance I'll always show it to you.
And I'd rather die with the graphite together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big, lucky Jew from Brooklyn Heights.
I've been written by everybody but you.
You're not I type.
Me and all, just that would blow.
No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive.
You'd want to hear it genital.
And push it down.
That's graphite together.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
But show what you and me for me is much better six to ten and not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep tonight.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
Ah!
I'll see here.
I ain't gonna say no.
I can't hear you, boy.
I'll see you here.
Oh, boy, boy?
Ah!
But won't we know that all this Time?
I'm the joy from the Jesus.
Oh go, oh go.
Don't board the dog, don't artillery.
I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I
'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you! Oh my hands, my feet. All depends on you. Mom, my feet. Mom, my feet. I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, but I'm counting on you. Oh my hands, my foot. Oh my hands, my feet. Oh my legs, my foot. It's all welcome back alright I'm counting on you, your hands, my foot. Oh my hands, my feet. Oh, oh my hands, my foot. It's all welcome back alright alright I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you, I'm counting on you
How tight if you could bring a lucrative and cons direct?
Hmm?
If you wanna know and will save you from that transmitted to the downer bit.
Why? That's easy.
Sure.
Oh, she needs a smile.
Don't forget what we want.
Oh, she needs a smile.
I'm out of that way.
Oh, she needs a show.
She's a gon' close.
Oh, she needs a show.
I'm using a rosy dress.
Only got you today.
Hey, is there my rating to bottomed out in this tank?
Which radio have you been recording?
No, but the day is double once.
And we just shot all you need is now.
Now, I'm drinking all you need is now.
Oh, you're leaving the show, and you're crying.
Oh, I'm so happy.
Oh, I'm so happy.
You might have wasted your time.
You can't.
I'm so happy to be the fuck you see.
No!
What are you going to do?
Fire me, huh?
Like a tank.
And then the battle.
I'm a lot.
Fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire me, fire
fire, fire me, fire me, fire
I don't give a crap what that fairy has to say.
If he wants to throw things at us then what?
I'll have you know. I know what I'm talking about.
I'm reporting at the condo I could be elevated down.
And on my way to the car when I throw my folded mask out,
I give a three condo face.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
The boys are back and pow.
I said the boys are back and pow.
Why you leave?
Oh my god, a long, you spoiled old boot.
I know everything that's going on in bad news.
Why I even know all the new magic rules.
I'm hip to the jive.
Daddy, hold on.
You better go and talk to Daddy.
It's a better show when I take your place.
I know I ain't no way to play with you.
But when they drop my boys, we'll change.
You little smoothies.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
I'm going to go.
And then we get more uns like Mitch who call up and they say stupid things
that they don't have any bases on because somebody on this radio station
who's on between nine and one decides to poison everybody
because for him it's a bit and the idiots that listen to him,
they actually buy in.
That is pretty dumb to buy in.
Well, they buy in because they're idiots.
You know why?
They're because their brains are soft like marshmallows.
And they can be twisted and turned any which way you want.
They go greatness more as though.
That's exactly right.
You're on a roll today.
I like it.
So their brains are soft and they say stupid things because they don't have enough intelligence
to come up with an original thought of their own.
So they listen to people that can manipulate them to make them think whatever they want.
The only thing missing is the cool aid.
Thank you, Jim.
Who's on today?
Who's doing the show today?
Jorge.
That's George DL.
George Rodriguez.
You got me.
You know I just come back or see none.
Next year.
No.
Is he really?
Damn.
Guys got a deal.
Ah, I say it's in the end.
And you know what people say?
You know, are you knocking near?
No, it's not.
This is what you know what it is.
It shows you how effective the guy is that he can manipulate the stupidity that listens between
nine and one.
He might agree with that.
Probably.
And he's laughing his ass off all the way to the bank.
He's absolutely late.
You know what it is?
That's what I'm going to do.
Mitch, because you're a M-O-R-O-N.
I'll spell it out for you.
And now I'll tell you what I just said.
It means moron.
Because you can't spell.
Jason, you're on Q-A-M.
You don't have any National Guards there because they're all fighting a war in Iraq right
now.
Not the National Guard.
Pardon?
Not the National Guard.
No National Guard in Iraq?
No, there's no National Guard.
No.
Absolutely not.
Okay, it's a 10 after 15, 16, everybody hear me?
You need only 10 votes to get to your 600.
I think you've got a shot.
All right.
You going to do it?
Yeah, of course.
We're going to do it.
Hey!
Great down south.
Where's the mudwings go to hang from trees and play banjo?
You've got some cool old.
A station on.
Newfangled, raiding old.
Now as North.
Parallel that goes.
Rolly's a big city and old.
And that's where the beesleaves had to go for Goli Ryle Joe.
A new GM.
He'll do what he can.
Shake your hand like a friend.
Think quickly walk away.
They had Joe go to 5'6'0 with raiding in the toilet mold to get those flaming sportful
mobs in order in control.
And then so Goli Ryle Joe above you'll learn in the know he lets moat go.
And here's what blows his gildy his own show.
He'll make a big change and read a rage.
It's worse of the same.
He hasn't done a thing for what goes on the air at two.
Joe don't have a stinkin' clue about a poor not that essentially flows for all radio.
The GM of 5'6'0, Goli Ryle Joe.
Oh he's supposed to run the station.
But all he does is cause frustration.
He knows nothing about radio.
Jolly Joe, Jolly Joe, Jolly Joe.
And he doesn't know what he's doing.
Anything he might touch gets ruined.
You get his job booty blow.
Jolly Joe, Jolly Joe, Jolly Joe.
Why is management so upside there is no negotiating.
All he thinks to his one big fight.
And Norma can't do a thing.
Now Joe is slowly dying.
And he won't pay for a cabrillon.
I'd like to tell him where to go.
Jolly Joe, Jolly Joe, Jolly Joe.
Oh oh oh, I'm a playwright.
Yeah yeah, playwright.
What's up y'all?
This your boy Z might see how you do songs with like hooks and concepts, right?
But we damn man, I'm trying to go black them.
Some of us are wronged.
Check this out y'all.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mod.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-K.
Hey sports, hey, not a magazine.
What a book, read a book, read a book, read a sports page.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
Read a book, read a book, read a mod.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
R-E-A-D-S-P-O-K.
Whatcha knowin'?
Now the base corporate got the right not to pay us.
Like BBGI.
Hey yo, Phil!
Hey yo, Phil!
Easy, pay yo, Phil!
Hey yo, Phil!
Hey yo, Phil!
Hey yo, Phil!
Hey yo, Phil!
Don't be a dead-beam!
Don't pick my pocket!
Hey yo, Phil!
Hey yo, Phil!
Don't be a dead-beam!
Don't be too late, Quenna!
Hey yo, Phil!
Hey yo, Phil!
Hey yo, Stinking, Phil!
Let me be BBGI.
Don't pay!
Let me be BBGI.
Don't pay!
Let me be BBGI.
Don't pay!
Hey, hey!
With the memo, don't just like holders!
We don't pay!
We don't pay our bills!
We don't just like holders!
Like we don't pay!
We don't pay our bills!
Say your bills!
Please leave me, pay your bills!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
No deposit!
For payroll, you can't!
As he next week, you might get paid!
Okay!
No deposit!
For payroll, you can't!
Baby, next week, you might get paid!
Okay!
As I was done, it's Laura Duh!
With I've no unions, it's Laura Duh!
You're right to work in, Laura Duh!
But say a few, you're, it's Laura Duh!
Please leave me, she, he, oh, don't pay!
Please leave me, she, he, oh, don't pay!
Please leave me, she, he, oh, don't pay!
Please leave me, she, he, oh, don't pay!
No epic!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
Please leave me, she, oh, don't pay!
Say your bills!
Say your bills don't fisheren, line!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
Please leave me, she, oh, don't pay!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
Say your bills, then you're speaking in a bid!
Un spl...
Say yo bills!
Say your bills!
Say your bills!
Say yo bills!
Say yo bills, say yo bills!
Say yo bills!
Say yo bills!
Say yo 뭐 the...
ridg it all!
Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky.
Everybody talk about it.
Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky Ricky
Ricky is on the拙 we are deceiving the graphic plane
All who speak nowadays
Ricky you're doing the same
Infrom 가
Something at the front
Oh no! It's your busy husband's fort!
What was that noise?
Let me take a look at the security moderners.
Anything to do with sports?
Well, just a lot of buildings burning and carnage.
My car's okay, though.
Go back to the files.
Rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki rikki r
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
So one baby we can go home now. Alright you're right. Merry Christmas. Happy New Year. Happy Channuke. Happy Kwanzaa. What do I leave out? Happy holidays. Happy Hodge, man. Don't forget to have a birthday. Happy birthday to who? Me. When's that? The 20 rent. Oh, that's a lifetime away. Done as dirt. And now the League of Rookies citizens will perform their rendition of green onions. Don't make fun. They were very hard for this dirt.
They are everywhere. They were
village. Well, everyone would have seen.
I'm going to have a good one.
I'm going to have a good one.
Here's Open Park. Hello.
Yes, this is Mr. Rogers.
Speaking.
Mr. Rogers.
Reverend Jones here.
Another phony reverend here.
We have a controversial show today on dollars from the past.
What is it?
You're having a controversial show on dollars from the past.
No, we're not talking about dollars from the past.
You're gay.
Bits that you're doing?
Sir, what are you talking about?
You're playing old bits?
No, no, I'm not.
We had a call a while back and I guess you did a tape and you made some type of a card on it.
I guess that's what they're telling me.
And we discussed not playing it on the air.
What are you talking about?
The part that gave it, sir.
That was one of my, there's I.
You appreciate and I play that.
I thought you would leave the letter.
Did you receive the letter, sir?
Your gay.
Your gay.
Did you receive the letters, your gay?
Your gay.
Sir, your gay.
Did you receive the letters, your gay?
They'll be a lawsuit.
Your gay.
Sir, your gay.
No, your gay, sir.
Your gay.
What was he trying to say?
Your gay.
Hello, no.
I would like to ask you a question.
My son was watching your program on on when the Miami date was the 15th and I'd like to know if you're
some kind of anti-Christ or something because now my son wants to worship the devil because he thinks he's cool and he also wants to just
ask ladies and political now.
I don't know if the whole 10 or 69 is the anti-Christ channel.
Please, I'm really concerned and I would like to know if you're the anti-Christ.
Thank you and please, if I see you somewhere, I wouldn't even stop and give you water because now you turn my son into a
baguette and you made my son serve the anti-Christ.
Thank you.
And have a nice day.
Hello, I am a black female American and I'm calling due to the fact that I am listening to 6, 10 a.m.
currently and I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to black Americans.
It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people on welfare because there are more white people on welfare in America.
Then blacks, there's more white trash out there.
They're not trying to get job.
They just want to lay around and have babies from black people and I would appreciate if you would stop making those
comments because I'm sick and tired of it and I will call my lawyers.
I really hope you use this on the air.
I've been listening to QAM now for maybe 20 years, at least, I've been living here for 40 years.
I've never heard anything as disgusting as this new raw-jist program.
I've heard of it before.
It's photographic.
The photo of my granddaughter of one of my kids looking to his bizarre.
I'll tell you frankly, I am done listening to your station.
This is the grossest thing I have ever heard and as far as I'm concerned, you're off my book.
Goodbye.
Turned my radio on the other day and got to the Uncle Meal program, whatever it was.
It is the filthiest thing I've ever heard in my life.
If the children were around, it's horrible.
I am a baby.
I'm producing.
You let that go on the air.
I've heard other complaints about it even from the health there.
I wish I'd rectify that and do something about it.
I wish I'd taken God's name and a statement and get the gratifying women as well.
I couldn't even mention that.
Thank you very much.
George, this is Robert.
I'm playing in out of town all the time on business, whatever.
I was looking for a good sports talk radio station and having to find Neil Rogers.
Be honest with you.
Pathetic.
Very pathetic.
And this guy, I mean, if this is all you got in the sports talk radio, it is horrible.
So I definitely try to find somebody who has an answer for sure.
And his whole GD thing and everything else, just know him one day, we'll all face the Lord.
All right.
Have a great day.
Bye.
Hi, Neil.
I'm a Miami resident and I just just happened to hear the Neil talk show on my way home.
And I think it's absolutely horrible and I haven't understand to anybody with values and morals or social conscience can allow such a thing to be broadcast on this station.
This guy is just cursing at people and smoking, blast feeling, just spreading anger and hatred.
I don't understand that.
I mean, do you have children?
Do you have a family?
Do you care what's going on in the world here?
That just a sad stuff should be going around.
Someone just venting all their hatred and anger at innocent people.
I mean, he just left somebody crying on the sun the air.
And maybe it's very popular and makes a lot of money for your station, but this is really not what the world means.
I mean, things are bad enough.
I don't think we need a guy like this.
And I really find it very offensive and just horrible.
I mean, how would you like if your children were listening to that and growing up in a world where this kind of thing is acceptable,
where people can talk like that and be paid for it and be endorsed?
I mean, I'm just horrified and disgusted.
And I'm sure I'm not the only person who feels that way.
Please try and take consideration of, you know, the rest of the world and the other people that have to listen to this kind of garbage.
And I hope you will because this is really something that's not acceptable.
If you want this world to get to be a better place, this is not the way to do it.
I've been listening to WQM for five to six years.
And I've watched the Morning Show evolve and everything.
And I have a problem.
I'm taking my kids to school and thinking commercial for the guy that curses nasty, nasty things.
And there's no warning.
It just blurs out, you know, f*** you.
And you can hear it a bleep.
You can hear it a f***ing.
You know, and you can hear the vent of his voice and f***ing.
And you know, I don't have a chance to turn off my radio quick enough.
Now, I heard it. You know, I had a problem again the other day.
I can't explain that stuff to my kids.
I've been listening to this station for a long time.
And I think you're ruining it by infiltrating it with his nasty language.
And I don't know what I can do, but I just thought I'd better call you know, and tell you.
It's different when Hank, if Hank calls someone in son of a bitch, he just hurts the guy at like a son of a bitch.
And there's a reason for it.
But the other guy with his fart and his asshole and just the way he turns his face.
I got it.
You're ruining your first team.
And I think Joe Rose should stand up and get this off, kick off his program.
Because there's a lot of people like me that have children.
And I just don't like to hear someone say, pissed off on my way to work.
Pissed off gets me fired up when I hear someone say that.
And I don't think it's appropriate.
You know, if you're going to have a little program in the middle of your day, leave it there.
To make the other programs, it's meaning to us and it really insults my intelligence.
And you know, that's not clear. I don't know what it is. I'll talk to you later.
Neil Rogers, I think, is the perfect example of queer.
What is his purpose for his new show or his pubby show?
He uses that word rectum every five minutes.
He's never going to get past the self-floor of audience because that's the town
and the people that he's always complaining about are the only fools that would give him any time of day.
Eventually, his rainfall drops so low you'll have to readjust this rectum.
Rectum.
Wow. I love the way that guy read it. You know how he was reading?
And the pissed off gets me fired up. We had a bleep him. We had a dump him.
Hey, guess what? I don't know if my dump but works.
Why don't you say that? Because I went to the other room to check and I didn't look like a dump.
So even on that end?
Yeah. Wow. Sounds like sabotage to me, Joe. How do you like that?
How could that be possible?
I would love to know. Yeah. So what I...
But yeah, I had a button in my left.
What did he do with the button? I thought you were flirting?
Hit the button and nothing.
You're positive now.
Yeah, I just went to the other room and let's take six seconds up pretty quickly.
But yeah, I went to the other room to check and now it was at a 20 second delay.
Wow.
Sounds like I've liked your irresponsible broadcasts to me.
The old guy.
So cannabis are home and need a prayer.
High potions be, will mock you when you're at.
With the sharp eyes, multiply our sight, we reclaim joy, positivity.
apply that little knips94
through this little night too.
I'm with him song and ladies sleep when you're at beading in to chat with him.
Dat姑atic note is fine as it seems we will have this kind of movement
I was born in a vast seas that's born to me
I got a dog
Don't like all the hardburn
Now did you just say something to me?
Oh yeah, I did cut it down
Don't worry about it
Oh thank god
Every time I see
That retard is dimwit
Word by the way was A-hole
He's president of the f***er
Republic is muscle is
And in our takin' is an idiot
I don't know why
They won't want this guy
But now he's here
First road to neck for you
He's here
With president of f***er
muscle is f***er
Oh what I did too
Of both ones fall
And get to we all voted for
Why?
Did you want this?
This drum and stupid teeth
And this drug and rich kid
Don't know these even
Number than me
He's president of f***er
Yeah don't care what it took
You got a man by a truck
And with Chris
All I know is what's best
You and I have one hell no fear
We've got a great leader here
With president of f***er
President of f***er
President of f***er
President of f***er
All I know is president of f***er
We meet a leader who will give us back contract
Maybe it's time we had a president
Who's black?
I've seen him on TV
Just up in his soul to close
I heard his running
Make my just be a janger of Jones
His name is Colin Powell
He happens to two people at
The latest post say he's the leader of the past
No
Some folks used to close
And mind they say they ain't no way
But the time they changed
You know our next one could be gay
Oh my God
I wanna love you, hold it
I wanna love you, hold it right
And break down now
Let's not go
Nothing you're laughing for
He likes to set up colored people
He likes to brave no colored people
Officer Ferman
Driving through Brentwood at night
With a glove in his bag
His evidence bag
Wakes up the Bronco
Opens the window to leave
A few drops on the floor
A smudge on the door
Officer Mark Ferman
What did that blood come from?
Officer Mark Ferman
He dropped the bloody glove
Simpson and Kato
Back from a bagger in fries
And a rest to rot near
A noise in the rear
O'Jay is napping
Dropping his socks near the bed
But there's somebody there
Planting some hair
Officer Mark Ferman
You're fair
What did that blood come from?
Officer Mark Ferman
He dropped the bloody glove
There wasn't no farmer
Who lived on a rock
He sat in the meadow
Just shaking his face
That some boys who were down by the brick
There'd be in the water
Their hands on their marbles
And play things and at half past four
There came a young lady
She looked like a pretty young creature
She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress
And she showed them her ruffles
And laces and white fluffy dark
She said she was learning a new way
To bring up her children
So they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard
Were shoveling, repusing later
From yesterday's hunt
While the girl in the meadow
Was rubbing her eyes at the fellow
Down by the dark
He looked like a man with a sidel
For home in the country
With a big fence out front
If he asked her fun like
They should show him her little betdog
Who was subject to this
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small gender
Hands with the movement so quick
And then she'd bend over
And suck on his candy
So tasty made up butterscotch
And then he spread whipped cream
All over her cookies
That she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty
You can go f*** yourself
Biggest name
The best child
He's no Roger
4.560 QAM
The fourth leader
It's day
If I have any talent
Yes, it is a chair
At 5.6 o'clock
Very Christmas Happy New Year and Happy New Year
Corn on
Dead dead dead
Someday you'll be dead
Dead dead dead
Someday we'll all be dead
The minute we're born we start dying
We die a little more every day
Younger old Richard Ford
There's nothing we can do to stop it
So we look long at that Christmas tree
It may be the last one that you see
Decorate your house in green and red
Cause someday you'll be dead
All right
Dead dead dead
Someday you'll be dead
Dead dead dead
Someday we'll all be dead
It might happen in a couple months or 50 years from now
But no matter when it happens
It will seem too soon to you
So be sure of Christmas Eve
When you snuggle into the moon
That you thank God for your family
Cause someday they'll be dead
Oh dead dead dead
Someday they'll be dead
Dead dead dead
Someday we'll all be dead
Oh oh oh oh oh oh oh
All right
Who knows how many Christmas is left in their short life
Nobody knows that's my point
Enjoy the world you can
And so much Christmas morning let good tidings fill your head
What a festive season
Someday you'll be dead
Dead dead dead
Someday we'll be dead
Dead dead dead
Everyone you know
All very Merry Christmas to you
Dead dead dead
Merry Christmas everybody
Bye bye bye
