Fairy King is they don't come any better than Neil Roger.
I was riding on a train to Austin Texas
Oh where the very lovely lady does that next to mine
What she got it with eats her, she has to buy what holds her sight
Brackdom I was more than happy too and now there's more I'd like to do
I want to kiss her but Brackdom she won't let my age
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her ears
Brackdom Brackdom Brackdom I want to hold her behind
A Brackload of doors and more I want to kiss her but she won't let me
When she returned she said she was an actress
She showed me an album of pictures of her opening
Which she then said none Brackdom the same as when she could be
But I could clearly see she was the kind of girl who stole and hearts
She spent her rest on Brackdom I want to kiss her but she won't let me
Brackdom Brackdom I want to kiss her but she won't let me
Damn it I missed the buzz and had time to cry a lot
Jesus Brackdom I want to kiss her but Jesus in Italy
We're saying to sweet and we shared our tales Brackdom
But as my heart cries to leave her behind Brackdom
Regrets are all I find because I hope that you're back here in the end
Brackdom I want to kiss her but Brackdom she won't let me
I want to whisper sweet nothings in her ears
Brackdom Brackdom Brackdom Brackdom I want to hold her behind
Brackdom I want to kiss her but Brackdom Brackdom I want to kiss her but she won't let me
Now what is it about that word that gets everybody so weak, huh? Brackdom? What is the big deal with that word?
I don't know I mean that's one of the words we can still say
There's Rob Marciano on CNN he's got a twig or some branch
He's got a wait to see where he's going to stick it
Brackdom No, not in the mud
Rob Marciano on CNN that's bad
Anyway don't get me started now
You're an Ojohn Prabhakatur and I know you're going to start
I can smell it
Who may I be ignoring you completely?
Good excellent
So yesterday I must confess I can't tell a lie
I could lie just to piss Chris off
I broke my May resolution when I had sugar fast
Yeah I had a Hershey's almonds and toffee candy bar
Just one so I might say oh no so I'll talk to Ohno
But it was good
And you know to prove how addictive this stuff is when you're...
And it's a damn good thing I only ate the one when I came back in the house
Because if I were to eat and like coming across the street from the market
I would have gone turn around and gone back out three more
So that business that you were saying before the show to me about
You're not sure if it's actually a physical thing or if it's mental or...
It's physical
It's a physiological thing man
When it hits your taste buds it's similar
Like with me I don't know about anybody else
With me I can go like hours and hours eat nothing I'm not hungry at all
And then I'll have like anything even bacon
Even something that's not carbs
And all of a sudden it stimulates my appetite and I become voracious
I mean I'm hungry as a wild man
Mind your mind your baby I just... that's just the way it is
So you continue convincing yourself that it's only psychological and that we're all weak
And then they can different...
But you know they can different
You know they can different
Strength baby! Stay alive!
Let's take the fat people alive!
That's our goal
You let a chemical take control of your body
Yeah, control of your egg panic
Yeah exactly
Like a weak pound
Like a hulk of hunger
Yeah, out of the hollow
Well there you go, different substances for different folks
That's right
By the way I apologize to many rectums in the beginning of the show
But I figured why not?
Because there really be too many
I guess not
I mean there's so many A-holes running around on the loose anyway so why not?
All the rectums all the time
What's that voicemail where the guy says rectum?
You know what I'm talking about?
They're real sour old... oh yeah here it is
He'll Rogers I think is the perfect example of queer
What is his purpose for his new show or his ugly show?
He uses that word rectum every five minutes
It's guys ready
He's never going to get past him
And now we want to audience because that
The town and the people that he's always complaining about are the only four
That was on the next round
Eventually his rainfall drops so low
You'll have to readjust this rectum
Oh well hey he was a confetti
He was a confetti
And yeah
Your ratings are so low
No that's right they are pretty bad they're pretty weak
But you know something?
That five five is still a highest number on the station
In spite of what some people are going through a sugar withdrawal
They're going through a hyperglycemic of fits
Are babbling around a building who can't read the numbers
See you know one thing about me and you know this
When you're talking about statistics
It's like in sports you know you're batting average
Or whatever it is
You won the lost record
You can't lie about it because it's right there it's in print
It's available people can look it up and there it is
Oh geez so he was lying about that
So I mean I'm not saying I would never lie about anything
I sure as hell would but not about numbers
One thing about ratings either you've got them or you don't
And let me also say one other thing
A rating book means very little
Because knowing how the diaries go and how we get these wired diaries
And skewered in the you know two or three families
And there's like three or four people put down
Oh we listen to so and so every day
Every minute of the day or a substance such a station every day
It reminds me when I was I told you this story before
It's really classic
WRHC which was a daytime Spanish language radio station
I don't know if they're still any day timers on the R&A
And there must be some I don't know college stations maybe
But in other words it was on from sunrise to sunset
And of course that changes every month depending on the time of the year
So they would sign off like say in the winter time at five or five thirty in the evening
And the holios would get the diaries they would put down
Diddo diddo diddo and they would put down they were listening all the way till midnight every day
The only problem is the station would be signing off the year five thirty or six o'clock at night
So if anybody had any doubts that there was such a thing as wired phony diaries
That's just the way it works and sometimes we get to benefit of it
Sometimes we get screwed that's just the way it works
So taking one month or one book and saying oh look we got a story we got a case that that's below me
That's bioniman
I just mentioned that in passing for all these all these instant experts who can't whose blood sugar is so high
They're not indicating we the right numbers
That was funny
And of course when you don't have any it's kind of hard to talk about them
Anyway Hershey's almonds and toffee
So you didn't stop me there you didn't interrupt
Stop!
I'm on's at Carmel
See I don't know anything about French
In Canada like I've told you before every product that has a label on it must be bilingual
And bisexual
Yes
It must be in English and in French
And I don't know in French
I mean I know maybe La Prume de Matin probably go French commentale-vous
Amoui-bien Merci
No not Moui-bien, that's Spanish
What did you say?
Huh?
What did you say?
How do you say in French very well?
Who it means?
Yeah
I don't know
Is it Moui-bien Spanish?
Yes
I don't know in French
Yeah
And that's the same French good is bon bon bon
No, bonjourno is the time
It's all the same crap
I would tell all these people speak English and make it easy for us
Exactly
Well I did learn a lot of the language and it was English so if I can do it anybody can
Now I would agree with that
Amoui-bien French
A la cremour avec, avec, avec, avec, I know means with
See there's another word I know, avec
From the hockey games they just listen to in French avec
With René La Cabille
From Moulinog
Oh God, I just don't give me started on the French
And then on the bottom here I could read the contents in English and in French
I think that's what we ought to do is make everybody in South Florida learn from say
Because when the frogs come down from Montfriol from Quebec in a season then you can get all cosy with them
You know with their speedos and all other crap
Oh God, yeah
Speedy with disgusting, nasty, cheap, probably we'll go, probably we'll get lost
That's the best thing to tell the frogs when they come to Dainier and the Hallendale
Places like that and Hollywood
In fact, probably not far from where you're hanging out
Right
Just send them back to Quebec
We don't have a lot of frogs here in Ontario
Thank God, I don't think they're allowed when you come right, except maybe in Ottawa
See Ottawa is right there I think on the fringe between Ontario and Quebec
Between the provinces so even though it's the capital of Ontario
It never less has got plenty of frogs
Probably who, yeah
It just goes with the territory
Oh guess who died Diego Corralis speaking of Julios
I have no idea who he was, but he's dead
He's a former World Champion boxer who scored one of the most memorable knockouts in boxing history
He died yesterday in a three-veh-collection in his Las Vegas home
Did I mention it's Woodbine Tuesday?
I'm gonna have a Woodbine Thursday not on the year I didn't did I?
Well it is
You have a gambling problem there
No, you've got a mind-your-own-business problem, anybody who would call me and tell me that
Mind your own business, I have no gambling problem
But you know, we got every five minutes
There's some other yin-ta out there telling us all how to live our lives
That's the worst thing about the condo commandos
They can't mind their own business
Basically because they have no business
I have no life
Right, so they got a mind everybody else has been sticking their nose in your business
Sticking their nose in your rectum
And not like in the odor either, probably not
Corralis was driving a 2007 Suzuki 1000 motorcycle traveling northbound on Fort Apache road in the Southwest part of Vegas
When inexplicably struck the back of a 97 Honda Accord
Las Vegas police spokesman Sarge and Tracy McDonald said inexplicably
Hmm, McDonald said the motorcycle convened in the southbound lane at some point he was tossed off the bike
A 2000 former city's Ben's traveling in the southbound lane was unable to break in time
McDonald said the driver who was not identified was unable to avoid striking the motorcycle and possibly the operator of the motorcycle also
Diego Connellus lived in an ex-game lifestyle, his promoter Gary Shaw said he was a true warrior
He did everything hard and fast, he loved anything to the extreme and now he died an extreme
Extreme!
Death
He died an extreme death on this motorcycle, he was only 29
And he probably wasn't even fat, I'm sure he wasn't
That's why I keep saying that to try to get the Chris under, you know, so I cheated on the thing
But you know something?
So I didn't have beaten myself up about it
And my blood sugar is nice and low this morning, I'm still alive and I sound like me, I sound like I feel great
I'm ready for a big wood buying Tuesday and a wood buying Thursday
Because we get out of here, by the way, did somebody straighten clearance out on the ball game time and give him a spanking moment?
Yeah, I told him he said he'll run
What did he say?
What did he say?
I'd like to know what he said
He'd be like, yeah, I know about that, I'm taking care of it
He's taking care of it
Yeah, I mean, somebody needs to take care of him, somebody needs to get out the old
What did he used to do with the colors things?
A stick?
No, not a stick, he used to
A stick
A switch, that's it
They need to get out of a switch and beat his ass
I mean, his...
That clearance
Can't even get the name ball games on
I mean, come on, clearance, where do you please?
We got the one day idea we got out here at 1130
That's probably why he's upset
Now, if we had a UN basketball game on it, he was on, then he'd be all excited about it
Oh yeah, hoops, we got Keynes hoops
I think we got to subtract that from the ratings from whatever I...
In a winner book, subtract those days, please
It's all you, clearance, thank you
I mean, if we had anything more than a eight-eyed beat shot than those two days
But nevertheless, and Mad Dog also got to hammered with that too
He got hammered with it
I know that, 45 hour, whose idea was that, by the way?
Hell, good
Thinking you're forecalling the Cheryl Pro toilet paper abuse outline
It is the very cycling your TP
You know TP does have two sides
If you are wanting to report
Someone using two whole toilet paper squares
When going for dokey, please depressing one
If someone is using three squares of TP, please depressing three
And if you are knowing someone, who is so ecologically irresponsible
Has to be using more than three squares
Someone who thinks his patoki doesn't think
They are to be a serious medical problem with them
What is wrong with you people?
In my country we don't even have toilet paper
We don't even have toilets
All we have is a stick in your hood and a clown vehicle Pakistan
The shim of your self-sufficiency people
Thank you for calling
I'll tell you who knows their TP, man
You know who it is?
No, the engines, you know from TP believe me
Yeah, I think they're, you know, I was thinking about that yesterday
I was thinking that if there was a god
Nobody would ever have screaming diarrhea
You know what I mean?
Or if it's a cruel god
Or if he's in the dream
This god, this god man invented is a sadistic bastard like the people who invented him
Sure
A sadist of the worst kind
That's why he's always getting pissed off
And we got the plagues, we got the, we got the bubonic plague
And we got the locusts and we got the floods
And people are drowning and dying over here
And he just gets pissed off his wrath waxes on
Even though he's supposed to be perfect, you know
Hot wax
Ha ha ha
House of wax with instant price
And then we made that too and I have no idea
They remake everything, they have no imagination
What is wrong with these people?
They made that every good poll we've done it before
But I do like that
The worst remake, the most needless remake or the worst remake movie
Sure
One of Stranger calls
Psycho
Psycho
Right
Cape Fear
Mm-hmm
All of these
Kiss before dying
Things
Kiss before dying
Robert Ragnar was really good
Well he, well I don't want to go into it
It's too good
Yeah, yeah
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
As they say in Paris, Gavac
Okay, let's take a look at the, let's not start with that French stuff
Okay, let's try to have at least one station in the market where somebody speak it English
Speak it English
Speak it English
We got a new deal now, it started yesterday, we got cars calling in an esponule
That's the new thing
That's how bad things are getting itself Florida
Even on the English language radio station, maybe that's what we ought to try to do
Bisexual and bilingual
Sure work for Cape House of USA
Cape House of USA, that's my buddy at Rarchie S.A. Barillo
Right
A.K.A. Stephen Vauer
We call the show Cape House on the Orojas
New Orojas
New Orojas
Mr. Orojas
The postmaster is not supposed to give his opinion
Yeah, those are actually in here
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Yeah
That's an actual call for some old bitch
Some old Juliette bitch
Mr. Orojas
The postmaster is not supposed to give his opinion
I said I got an opinion hunting up your ass bitch, it lost
What's the best thing Italy's given the world?
And you know, I got a very hostile email on my my space about that saying
Leonardo da Vinci wasn't enough, I think Larry was the guy's name, whatever they mean
What I'm talking about
That's what
Nothing like that
No, the only thing that backs us were coming in, you know, what stuff we forgot
It's just for fun, it's just I mean these people, oh you can always rip up about the poll
No, we don't, we don't give a flying fart about it, how do you like that?
If we did, you guys should get pretty pissed off about that about flying fart, especially if they fly on the earth
And he also said how about Leo da Camprio and I just messaged him back, I said no Leo's allowed
And that kind of like was a catcher, you know, it took care of all that business
No Leo da Vinci, no Leo da Camprio
I always think of them in the same, you know
Oh yeah
What's the best thing Italy's given the world?
1341 votes, great food, 499
I mean nothing even close, mind your magic
Yeah, one thing, you'll find some people don't like chinks, Chinese food, and some people don't like
Yeah, various kinds of foods, seafood
But have you ever met anybody who doesn't like Italian food?
Thinkin', thinkin', thinkin' no
Chris?
No
It's just, I never heard of any such person
Anybody out there who doesn't like Italian food?
First of all, what's not to like pasta, tomato sauce and cheese?
Pasta, pizza, Vio, pizza
Oh, fuck me!
All of these things, Vio, 499
Oh yeah, Vio, probably Vio, Vio, Marcella, Vio, whatever
I'm not curfewing them
So Vio, around 165 speaking of luscious things, so the heteroes would say
All you heteroes out there feeding the early Christians lines, 159
And they did a very poor job of it, which is why we have so many goyem in the world today
The Renaissance 113, the Mafia 91, should have been much higher than that
The Mafia only 91, and the other some people would say, oh, the Mafia is something bad
It seems like that, they think it's only
So even the Mafia like their good food, man, they love it
Man, Jamanja, mom ate a little supper
The Roman Empire 58, Michael Angelo and his art, hey Michael
You're fair, Angelo, 45
Awesome ancient ruins, 45
Next time you go to Rome, George, you're going to really be impressed when you go to Ilkola
Say it, wait
I mean, it's really a shame, I don't think that anybody, this is the problem with so many
Perocchio people in South Florida who don't have unapaceable, and don't go anywhere at Dine
Or at Dine to go there
Well, no, hitchike, hitchike across the island
Yeah, yeah, I'll effort hitchike
There's a, there's a flotil, leaving it about two this afternoon
Or at Tislai Tube
I'll be on a way to Woodvine, you can be on a way to Italia
Man, Jamanja, I'll give you all a good detractor ears to try out
Mmm, Galileo 44, he didn't know squat, that's what the Pope used to say, and then the Pope said, well, I changed my mind
Change my pantaloonies, and I changed my mind
He never changed those red slippers though, I'll turn to that
Even when he slept him around there, the slob on the slab
They slept him around, he had those little tiny red slippers on, just like a real...
You're fairy
Fag, Sergio Leone, he's spaghetti westerns, 37, see there's spaghetti even in the movie
See, everywhere you look, with it, it's food, food, we left out canole when we were reciting all the great Italian food
Canolees and panzottis and all that stuff
Christopher Columbus 15
Is that the good, the bad, and the neorogers?
Yes, that's what it is
Since you mentioned spaghetti westerns, I know that
Jesus 14, as in Jesus Christ, a beautiful language, we were...
See, you know, Charlie, this pool wasn't that bad actually
But I mean, a beautiful language, we were words like a Riveterchi
What's beautiful about that word? Is that a beautiful word?
It's actually a very hard word, it's got the hard C and R, Qi
Riveterchi, C, Qi, Tromper
Roman numerals 11, that's another stupid one
What's the big sinus with Roman numerals?
Why is that regular numbers? What would be the number of letters?
Fine opera 11
Right when pastar, it was like Mussolini and Bertasconi 9
Tavarotti 6, oh I love saying that
Tavarotti, you can really rule your Rs on that
You get like a real buzz over that
Tavarotti, just keep trying it, everybody with me
Tavarotti, oh, and Julius Caesar only 5, he's still dead
He was betrayed, just like we've been betrayed here at WQA
You know what I mean? Be betrayed by
some of our post-personal fat friends
No, it's not a big deal, it's just
Just a lot of people with big mouths and big puppets
And you know, when your bluncher gets to be over 700
You start waddling around saying a lot of really stupid things
And then people come into our studio early in the morning before the show
And they repeat those things
And we get very ordinary and hostile
And we start going on defensive and on the attack and talking about
That was funny
Now seriously, we need to have a campaign to keep him resuscitated him and keep him alive
I didn't see Hank on the Derby thing on ESPN on Friday or Saturday
But we had a spy report from your friend Joe
And he said, you know what he said? He said
Oh my god
Yeah
We need to do something
I think what you need to do is shackle him, huh?
I was just going to say because that's the only thing that we didn't do to the other fat friends or family members
We just can't control, yeah
Walk them in a dungeon somewhere
What Joe and Crawford did with her kid, you know, she tied him behind the back and that kind of thing
Although, with fat people, they could open the refrigerator
Of course he doesn't have any food in the refrigerator
We kind of embarrassing people in a restaurant with your hands tied behind your back
And eat off the plate with your head
No, it wouldn't
I guess you're right
Where there's a will, there's a way for you
You walk alive for a session
Here's the story of a football family
That you'll get when you need a lot of girls
You can give your lady gold
Or some diamonds
But don't release your girls
Here's the story of that Tom Brady
Who is busy giving every girl a phone
Then one of them said, he'll be a father
But she was not alone
Then came one day when Tom Brady went to cowboy
And he knew too many diamonds had been touched
Now he's just months away from a football family
In break-made it when they rode the Brady junk
The Brady junk
Tom Brady's fun
They got paid and all knocked out by Brady's fun
He's got the power of that Tommy boy
It's 1031 at 560 WQA
We have 864 votes on our current poll
You know what I'm gonna do?
I tell you what I'm gonna do
Tell me
I'm sure that's what Jimmy Durrandy used to say
I'm gonna do what I'm gonna do
I think I was him maybe not
Probably not
But then again, that's 100 years ago
And who else would remember that?
Maybe he'll send you a message and say it
I was Jimmy Durrandy
Incending could do
Was he a town or what?
No
Right place?
Right time
Now he's dead
864 votes
And what I'm gonna do is when we get to 1000
I'm gonna change the poll
Because thanks to Fat Eric who's rea
Eric's been doing a stellar job lately
Thank you Eric
I appreciate you and I appreciate you
Even though I've George and Chris don't
I can't say it anymore but I appreciate him
Qtus babyface fat man I know
What about Eric?
There's another one while we're trying to save Chris's life over here
Why is he still fat Eric?
Eric I don't know, even I should think about him
You know how that goes?
1 way 500 pounds
He doesn't way no 5
He's got an ounce over 480
Now what do you think the Humper's
Were you in that on that meat scale?
868 votes
When I get to 1000 I'm gonna change the poll
And you won't even have to worry about it
Because what I started to say is Eric's already got the new one up there
And I like the new one very very very much
The current one here
Which I'm just getting to finally right now
It's not so good
You probably like it
I like it
Maybe I do
Maybe I do
Maybe I do
Be honest are you an online music pirate that's the whole question
Charlie B sent us a new bunch of polls today
I already threw two of my out of the three I smit canned to him
Charlie you're really falling off the wagon on these polls
Man and we don't appreciate your very fine efforts
But it's important we don't want to have to do stuff that sounds a little bit too much like work
Especially with my summer schedule kind of very soon
Oh
868 be honest are you an online music pirate never was 414 never was that was me I voted for that
Yes, but who was in 131 not anymore 115 probably a lot of people got scared
They used to but now they're a scared because they're right about all their friends getting you know
Find and going off being let off and shackles and stuff
What is a switch is a switch like a thing from a bush?
It's a it's a thin flexible brand from a bush
Yeah, oh I saw a nasty thing from a bush that my space page yesterday. Oh scary. Yeah. Oh let me don't let me forget about the queen and George W
Yeah, she is such an uptight nasty rotten bitch. Oh, yeah
Even even when I'm like sympathizing with him which is almost impossible for me but I'm thinking you know
At least he came up with a clever line and a little bit of a comeback and tried to cover up his usual gaff will get to that
Not anymore 115 on steel mose music pirate I always painted out loud music 62
Yes, but I see it as getting back at the greedy recording industry and it's artists 59
Well, what kind of a rationalization is that you know
There's nothing worse than people who do
Glotest things and then they rationalize their aberrant behavior
But I don't care if it does threaten the future of the music industry 55
Well, at least they're being honest right they're just thieves that's all and they don't give a crap
Yes, but I feel certainly guilty doing it 25 and this one which I don't even really understand it
Come on now. I prefer to steal music with five finger discount way. Hey in other words just stealing it looks stealing the CD
Right, but this count way that five finger discount means shoplifting you know
Five finger discount means shoplifting. Yeah, five fingers on a hand
Well, we'll diagram it for you on it. I'll draw you a picture. Oh, man
Put my hand on a piece of paper and trace you out on something every day on the show this Chris man he is about as informative as it gets
How to help him we avoid a 45-year-old guy like Chris to inform me five fingers on a hand
We're talking about how you've been around for 60 years and never heard of five fingers
Because of the old and days they didn't have that
I never heard that before five finger discount when you're old you don't stay up to date on the current slang
Yeah, and you're yeah the old farts don't stay up to then that's right. He's still saying hubba hubba hubba
That's right. Oh, okay, and that's the schiziest dead. Yo and once they're well, we'll say
I'm a lot of that too
875 votes. I'm not considered to be a very marginal post so let's get up to a thousand and we can get it out of there
Look at this phone so far today boy
It's pretty quiet yesterday was really quiet. I think you know what's happening now. I think it's the post post mortem
Yeah, no seriously because of paysock and pant and what's the other one and Easter are gone
And I think people now now it's going to be 120 degrees in the shade people are winning down to start to pay lock
Cool last night. It was all cold
Let me see again today. This is the time of the year. Oh, it's beautiful here, Mon. It is so beautiful the sunny shiny
We're getting those nice spring days. You don't mean the early part of the spring?
Words like in the let's see it's already 66 gonna be 77
Today and you know what 77 makes me think of don't you?
Right, so I think of 77 but nevertheless
Just beauty, beautyous and sunshiney a great day for wood buying by the way wood buying Tuesday. You have a gambling problem
No, I don't but you go ahead and think whatever you want to think here's our always great call on line nine.
Q a m W T Q a m. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir
Yes, I
I'm 62 years old and we have five fingers discount when I was a kid's Michigan. I never heard of it
Never heard of it. No, well, that's probably because you didn't ever take advantage of the discount. That's true
I never know I'll take that back when I was in college I shop lifted I did
There is a little largely in everybody at some point. That's correct at least in my last number of minutes
That was great thing. Okay, and you two I'm just honest nothing but I know I told you this through many times before we had
These big rotsie our OTC reserve officer training can think was mandatory in college. Yep, and so they had these big rotsie coats
We were in the winter time you go into the cutting-ham drugs and you'd steal in ain things like
Sun tan lotion like in the middle of December
Well, first of all in East Lansing
Wonder how we're gonna use sun tan lotion in the first place, but in the middle of the winter time
But it was just I don't know is this easy to slide off the shelf and in the big pockets you had in your rotsie coat
I don't know why this because we could sure you know why does a dog wicked
So private because it can and the same thing here why do we shoplift craft that we didn't need because we could right I did
Is a child but only essential materials and up until I got a job such as what like food like pens and food food in the school supplies that
Oh school supplies is really Benson would say and one-on-one school
Subtlins and pens and things like that school supplies like a Robbie Benson like a 10-year-old child
You have to be 50 and you still talk about a 10-year-old child they ask the next time you see him he's stealing school supplies
892 votes we're gonna get to a thousand lickety split if I can say that makes me think of that photo
We're gonna also speak into your president and the queen and I guarantee there's more than not just Carl Rove
But there's more than one queen in that White House
So yesterday and I'm sure most of you have seen this George hadn't even seen it now Chris I've had his seen it
They showed that clip of him I'm making the gaff about her being the great friend of the America about the bond
Helping celebrate the by the bicentennial in 1776 I mean 1976 you saw that didn't you? No actually no
Why I saw it off for us I said enough to compensate for both you guys because they showed it at least 50 million times and he said 17
And then he did catch himself 1976 and she had like a little like a few said before the show George
She curled her lip a little bit. Yeah, that's my that's her rye humor. She curled her upper lip a little bit don't touch the queen
Remember what I said before the show about the deal. Yeah, yeah, sit on the air at any rate
At any rate so your president finally came up with a pretty decent line
He says she gave me a look that only a mother would give a child and she because after after he stopped and he looked at her after he knew he had made that gaff
He said 1976 needs to pause and he looks at her and say go ahead go ahead in her constipated voice
You bitch out there still bowing down to the queen. It's the wrong queen you're bowing down to
That's the only queen you ought to be bowing down to for Christ sake
Make sure in curtsy when you do it
God is she a nasty evil constipated bitch and we got a whole nation of people
And to think that this country that may as a sin in right now we got her picture on the currency on the $20 bill that bitch
Embarrassed
Humiliating exa-
For majesty her majesty the queen and you wonder why the world is screwed up
For a day with quick place upon their head
Spoons by long lanes and a slutty dress
Rooed on their cheeks and body spray
Now they're ready to play
Wein for a day
Sumbling out in five in pumps
You go hobbling about the floods
In the home of getting laid so they can feel
You're fairing like a queen for a day
Meeting friends at the cabaret
For the duty garland
Have a day
This bed like this
So fair and thin
Holding on the stage
Wein for a day
And counter-died
A trunks horse man
Who says hey baby
I want to be your man
That's a fault
But he won't complain
It's a day till play
With a queen for a day
1046-14 before 11
Let's take a look
Before we just ridiculous facts here
That you just passed along to me
I always wondered who this chronic ray guy is
This is university dodge again
It's where Kimba works
So it's some old jump
Maybe it's down there
What is it?
Maybe it's Kim
No
Why would he put the name ray on there?
I'm kidding
You're Kimming
Now what was I just going to say before that
Something very important
And you were talking about what a goofball the facts are is
I'm very important
You were talking about what a goofball the facts are is
No I wasn't talking about that
It was something about the freaking queen
I don't know
God it was probably the most important thing I ever said
Oh here's the schedule
What could be more important than that on wood buying Tuesday
The Thursday schedule
Mad Dog at two
Yeah that's right
The Thursday schedule we like a lot better
Let's pretend today is Thursday May 10th
What do you say?
Yeah
Alright
Mad Dog at two
Four o'clock
You have the power hour with Mad Dog and Hank
I thought that up by the way
And I'm really sorry I did
Humber between five and six thirty
We're going to be testing on the year today
About five thirty
You see if Hank is clinically alive
And not for my sister Badgeo
Six thirty Marlins on deck and then seven
Oh five the Marlins and the Dodgers
Followed by game night with 80 decay
On QAM
Okay now this
Facts ray
Says you keep questioning who said
I'll tell you what I'm going to do
You may be thinking of someone else
Yes I am but one who always said that was
Mottie Hall during Let's Make a Deal
I know that good Canadian Jewish boy
Very very very wealthy
Because a lot of ton of my to charity
Great guy Mottie Hall
But that's not who I'm thinking of
Because somebody said that way way before Mottie Hall
Or Let's Make a Deal
Somebody like Jimmy Duranty
I'm going to do
I don't know if it was him
Did the chicken I ever respond to that or not
Or is he not
What do you mean not
He did not
Well why not
He's not online
I don't know what happened to him
What am he's not online
Is he there in the latter?
Is that your show?
Yeah
He's a horrible man
Until this day I never knew that
Of course you did
I keep telling you Bokeh Brian says this
Bokeh Brian says that
And usually in response to some old time statement
That you make
Really?
Why never do he do it online?
Yes
Well
You think I'm on the phone with him over here during the show?
I had an other wineo
Maybe he sent you a message in a bottle
I have no idea
He's sitting on my lap
He's in a party and Proci is still dead by way
Well maybe he's in your lap
Like you're Jerry Mahoney
And Paul Winchell
Paul Winchell's dead by way
Paul Winchell
An energy drink called cocaine
Has been pulled from stores nation
Widermost concerns about its name
The company that produces its said yesterday
Clegg Ivy
A partner in Redox beverages
LLC of Las Vegas said the company plans to sell the drink
Under a new name for now
They got to change the name
The FDA issued a warning letter last month
That said Redox was illegally marketing the drink
As a street drug alternative
And a dietary supplement
May 4th was the deadline for the company to respond
Which sounds like last what?
Friday
The FDA said it is evidence that drinks labeling and website
Which included these statements speeden a can
Liquid cocaine and cocaine instant rush
The company says cocaine contains no drugs
And is marketed as an energy drink
It's been sold since last August and released in dozen states
Of course we intended for cocaine energy drink
To be a legal alternative
The same way that celibacy is an alternative to premarital sex ivy said
Oh give me a break
Oh brother
It's not the same thing and no one thinks it is
Our product doesn't have any cocaine in it
No one thinks that it does
And I think everybody thinks that celibacy is the same thing as premarital sex
Right
We think it is mostly illegal in the US to ship our product
He says
But that's why they're changing their name
Ivy said the FDA did not order the company to stop marketing the drink
But officials were concerned about possible legal action
They'll announce a new name within a week and hope to have the product back on store shelves
Within a few weeks
What we would like to do is continue
Tell me what I'm going to do
What we'd like to do is continue to find to keep the name because it's clearly the name that's the problem ivy said
What we can't do is distribute our product when regulators in the states in the FDA are saying that if you do this you can go to jail
Attorney is general, attorney is general
In Connecticut in the North, recently announced that red arcs had agreed to stop marketing cocaine in those states
While a judge in Texas is called a distribution there
Our goal is to literally flush cocaine down the drain across the nations
A Connecticut attorney general Richard Blumenthal sounds extremely Jewish to me
Who announced the company's agreement with the state on Monday
Our main complaint about cocaine is its name and marketing strategy seeking to glorify legal drug use
And exploit the allure of marketing speed in a can as it's called the product
Speed in a can speed in your can
Or something like that
917, well I said now it's the 1051, I bet you by 1130 we got our thousand votes
And then we can change the poll and put something good on there
Although won't that be bad because I'm going to have to start reading the result of the...
See that's not a good idea is it?
Yeah
But then again if we start it early then we can have like 1800 votes on the poll for tomorrow
Won't that be a... and of course since tomorrow is not wood buying Wednesday and it's a regular four hour show like today
I'm not too happy about that by the way
Too complete four hour shows in a row and it's not going to allow you to feel
As a result of that Thursday we're leaving at 1130 come hell or high water
Now what's the weather going to be on Thursday?
I better during the break look up make sure we're not going to have no rain out or something like that
That would be really bad
That's why we need a covered what you call it
We need a domed stage in maybe
We need a domed stand
We need the taxpayers to give five hundred million dollars to Jeffrey Laurie and David Sampson
So they can go out and build a palace
Nobody will show up there because nobody really cares about the marlins or about baseball
Or about any sport except football but nonetheless
And about the basketball when they win the championship
Other than that
Talk about a phony market
Well I got two stories about the Democrats
Senator Hillary Clinton has increased to a lead over the Democrat feel of the race for the presidential nomination
According to a new CNN opinion research corporation pull released yesterday afternoon
That's bad news that ice princess
In the past month Clinton supported among Democrats rose to 38% from 30%
About 30 men
Well support from Barack Obama of Illinois dropped by two points to 24%
Yeah, it's kind of silly because it's the middle not even the middle of May yet of 2007
Half of at least half the country doesn't even know who Barack Obama is yet
And once they start getting serious and talking issues and they start debating
He's gonna, you know, I'm not talking about that phony debate they had a couple weeks ago
He's gonna ring run rings around her ass
She's probably already got rings around her ass
In fact, if you look at that picture of Laura Bush, we got on that page there
Well former vice president Al Gore continues to draw strong support even though he's not running
Gore and former senator John Edwards each received 12%.
Democrats have been prepared to be very happy with their field of candidates
With 38% declaring themselves very satisfied
46% fairly satisfied
10% not very satisfied and 4% not satisfied at all
3% just said like that
Garnish nothing
So here's the full results of this poll now whose poll is it?
CNN opinion research yesterday afternoon
She's got the swillery's got 38, Obama 24, Gore 12, Edwards 12
Richardson
Good guy from New Mexico, 5% nobody knows who he is
Joe Biden 2% Chris Dodd a Connecticut great guy
He's only got 2% no chance and poor little Dennis Kitson
And she's a little guy he's got that bad hair piece
He's got 1% and Grvell's got the asterisk
Kind like we have 11 a midnight a QAM on that
Oh, oh, oh
I don't want to dwell on those ratings again because then that same jackass or
Are you talking about the ratings again?
Yeah
See even when they're bad we talk about them on this show
We don't make them up, we don't lie about them
We don't try to find some statistic
That's called finding a story in the business
Stations that have no numbers they always find as a like if they had a 0.1 in the
Previous book and they had a 0.2 in this book
We double their audience in the winter like yeah
Well, Pacquiao Salami sandwich really proud of you
This illusion support is a present of worship by the way
Are defecting to guess whom?
Barack Obama
As the candidate with the best chance for you nighting a divided nation
They happen to be absolutely correct
Here's a guy what's this guy's name?
Didn't print out anyway, didn't make any difference who he is
He's switching for his support to Obama
Remember the Republican National Committee one of many former Bush and
Myers who found the Democrat newcomer appealing Matthew Dowd Bush achieved
Campaign strategies in 2004 announced last month he was disillusioned with the
War in Iraq and the president's my way of the highway style leadership
Although Dowd has yet to endorse a candidate he said the only one he liked so far was Obama
I think we should design campaigns that appeal not to 51 percent of the people
Dowd said bring them a country together as a whole that's what they W
Whole not the W we got now
From 1776 maybe she was just pissed off standing there being next to him
Is why she didn't crack the smile the queen go on go ahead would you you dumb old you bowzo
Bernstein is a champion of human rights who admire so bad was called for action on
Darfur while Dowd's opposition to the war has been sharpened by the expected
Deployment to rack of his son and Arabic speaking army intelligence specialist
But last week is a surprising new name during the course of praise for the anti-World
Obama that of Robert Kagan a leading Neocon and co-founder of the project for the
New American century in the late 1990s which called for the overthrow of son of
Hussein Oye Kagan's informal for foreign policy advisor the Republican senator
John McCain remains the favored Neocon choice for the White House but an article in the
Washington Post Kagan wrote approving the the keynote speech by Obama at the Chicago
Council on global affairs was pure John Kennedy a Neocon hero of the Cold War
How do you like that personally I liked it Kagan wrote after somebody asked him
And he said yeah he liked it how do you like that you'll see as the months go on
All this to Hillary talk they're going to realize what a cold miserable lying bitch she is
And all that war stuff you know she hasn't got a clue for last name was Jones
She wouldn't have a Chinman's chance in purgatory I say that right now Hillary Jones
For kids
For kids
For kids
933 votes on the pool next hour going over a thousand we're going to switch it I don't
Feel what you say that gives us a chance tomorrow to have a tumultuous Wednesday
Oh
Can you feel the earth shake from the must be
Maybe the thumb is in the building Adam you've got work hard to keep him alive
Because based on Joe's facts which I won't read on the year was very cool
But I think he thought it's concerned he was he was concerned but it was cool comments
You know about bigger than a freight train and bigger than a house and sugar rushes and hide blood sugar and things like that
You better do something about putting Chris write it down on the calendar
May the eighth I'm putting George and charger keeping Hank alive
All right
This is the Neal Roger show
this is the brain
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go any questions
Soda and shampoo and coffee and water
Gel candles and TV rings for your daughter
Jump out that two-dig free case of champagne
These are the things you can't take on a plane
And she's with us, hair gel and lip balm and toothpaste.
Oh, clear a seal for all of those that's on your face.
You have that sunburn but now so looking.
That's one more thing you can take on a place.
And the airport you'll be waiting if they see the same.
And while they make you throw out all of those things,
you cannot take on a plane.
If you're going to gate four, you'll find several homosexuals on the plane.
And the Lord says it's a sin.
So that guy got canned by the way.
Shufrao, I mean, Jesse.
What I was trying to pay you this.
Look at this.
In the article today, they spelled his name different than the way they did yesterday.
I think that was a title.
Jeff Rose.
I don't know.
Maybe he was just too embarrassing.
Maybe he changed it.
An apologetic self-described prankster was fired yesterday after official said they found out he used an airport speaker system to play a Bible verse that offended a gay couple.
Are you allowed obnoxious screaming queens go to gate one immediately?
Okay. In fact, they probably can fly without the plane is what he was suggesting.
Is that what it says in Leviticus?
That's right.
That's what I thought.
Like I said, it's an industrial monestime.
23 who worked for a superior aircraft services at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport for about a year.
Admitted he was responsible for applying the controversial message twice in the baguagery of terminal three at about 12.45 am May 1th.
Moan's time.
We called using his cell phone to play recording that said, if a man lives with a man is one life with a woman, they should be put to death.
The announcement came from Leviticus 2013.
See, I told you, all the nasty stuff in Leviticus.
He must have been anti-Somantic.
Who knew it was Leviticus, by the way?
Well, what did he know?
I don't know if it was a he, I think it was a he.
I know that's what I'm just saying.
I mean, there was no Genesis and there was no Exodus.
Maybe there was a guy named Exodus.
Exodus.
Anthony would need wiki.
Well, we know about him and his boyfriend.
It was a death ready set.
I appreciate the fact that Pulley's followed up on this.
I just wanted to apologize to everybody who was involved, especially the couple of moans time, said that this Hollywood homestead was working for me yesterday afternoon.
I didn't think it was going to hurt anybody.
God.
As Rick Weaver would say, and let's see, do we have that in there or not anymore?
Now, I don't know.
Oh, yeah, we do.
You would dummy.
Yeah, that's what Mr. Weaver would say.
I was shocked and he was worried.
Tertullian said, that's the partner.
Denise Tertullian, and who lives with moans time, said, oh, I see.
Several of us were disappointed in him.
Tertullian said the family was eating dinner.
Some day when four investigators arrived in woke up, moans started to talk to him.
Danny Pine, one of his kind to Joe Pine, co-owner of Superior Aircraft, a proper company with more than 100 employees at the airport, said moans time was fired yesterday in the company issue in apology to need wiki and Hudson, the two boyfriends.
Robert County Mayor Joe C. Fist, Eglton Jr. tell the news conference his data when our officials had found the culprit to claim to say how moans time was identified as the broadcaster.
Oh, yeah, I'm surprised they didn't blame it on me or I'm us or somebody with a big potty mouth like that.
I do faggot's here going down.
You know, like that.
Eglton said to Sherasaw, it's okay if I encoder says it because she's the right way not to see bits.
That's okay.
And these are the times in which we live.
Eglton said the Sherasaw officers would turn the case over to the broadcaster, turn his office to determine whether criminal charges ought to be found.
Oh, come on now.
Let's lighten up just a little bit.
Okay.
The criminal charges my ass.
Probably.
Moans time said a friend sent the verse to his cell phone.
And he said he played it over the intercom without considering the consequences.
I didn't know that a gay couple was in the airport at the time.
I mean, wouldn't that be unusual to have a gay couple in the airport?
Wow, especially in Fort Lauderdale.
The airport officials review policies, no, preventing another such incident said Bob B.
Like interim director of the county aviation department.
Things are all secure at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood.
That's why you see little unattended kids running and opening up doors and noises going off and sirens and bells ringing and lights flashing and all about the...
All of these things.
I'm surprised.
948 on the pool.
Chris is really excited to get to that thousand real...
Now, let me ask you, do you like this pool? I think it sucks.
It's okay.
950.
Certainly that one would surely be the better ones.
The next one though is much better.
And I'm itching.
I'm just dying to change it.
I'm almost ready to change it now that I won't do it.
Did I say we'll wait to get to a thousand?
Yes.
I don't know.
Well, the pool says, be honest.
Are you an online music pirate, be honest.
Don't lie to us.
We're going to trace the IP address of all these votes.
And we're going to come knocking on your door for any afternoon.
And we're bringing that...
Jeff Schufro, a moonstime with us.
And he's going to give you a what for?
He's going to tell you you're all going to burn in hell.
Never was.
Now, let me ask you.
Have you ever thought about this that we are in hell?
Sure.
It's crossman life.
Yeah.
I bet you everybody thinks about that at some time in life.
It's a move itself Florida, that is, if that's what you mean.
Oh, that's true.
I'm not in hell anymore.
It proves you can get out.
When in doubt?
Get out.
Get the hell out.
Never was an online music, part 453.
Well, good for us.
I still love this stuff, but not music.
Yes, but who is an 145?
Not anymore, 126.
Not since you started tracing the IP addresses.
I always painted out on music 67.
Yes, but I see this getting back to the greenie recording industry in art at 65.
That's how we're going into Walmart and shoplifting about this stuff.
I'm just getting back to these greenie Walmart people, you know?
Am I right?
Right.
It's just rationalizing your own illegal unacceptable behavior.
You can't steal a bunch of crap.
At least if you're going to steal, steal some good music.
Right.
If they ever make anymore.
Yes, and I don't care if it does threaten the future of the music industry.
55 people who are very greedy but very honest.
They don't give a crap.
Yes, but I feel sort of guilty doing a 31, sort of kind of a little bit.
And I prefer to steal music to five fingered, this is not way eight.
I don't care what you say.
I never heard of that before in my life.
And the guy that called me 462 almost as ancient as I am.
So it's not an age thing.
I just, you know, I just never crossed my life.
That's all.
Obviously you didn't run with that crowd.
Did I run with a shoplifting crowd?
That's for sure.
I ran with a gay crowd.
That's correct.
They may have been putting their hands in a few pockets but they had something else in mind.
They were lifting something in time.
They were lifting it but, you know, they left it there afterward.
I would hope.
9.50, 6.9, a.m.
I'm going to pull.
44 more votes and we can get off of that thing.
It really sucks, Charlie.
Sorry.
Sorry, Charlie.
WQA M, hello.
Hello, gentle caller.
How are you?
Gentle caller.
Hello, you.
You're calling up.
People?
No, I'm not calling up.
Oh.
Did you call us?
Let me check.
Yeah, what can we do for you, sir?
Oh, okay.
I guess the pills didn't arrive today.
Wow.
5.670560, pound 560 under the rise in the singular wireless tie.
We got 5,000 people left inside the food for the rest of the summertime and I guess they're
kind of bored, which is good.
At least it'll give them something to do.
Because starting in the middle of June it'll be a lot of George, baby.
A lot of George.
No tapes.
No tapes.
Damn it.
I'm sure Charlie Joe is working feverishly on a way to go.
I'm sure.
Interject that.
WQA M, hello.
Good morning, Neil, please.
Yes, sir.
We're speaking.
There are no $20 British bills.
They're 20 pounds.
Sir, I said Canadian bills.
I was talking about Canadian bills, not British.
I'm well aware of the currency and Euro, sir.
Oh, so it's not so Canadian?
Canadian?
It's not the bounds.
It's the dollar.
That is correct.
Have a lovely day.
I love you, sir.
You know what?
You're just learning that?
That candidate doesn't have pounds.
They have dollars?
Oh, he's gone.
He's too embarrassed.
What a bozo.
Now, I got pounds, all right.
188 of them on the scale, but those are the only pounds.
In fact, we do have pounds here, not kilos.
That's the thing that I find very bizarre.
I like here, we're on the metric system.
Most of the world is except the USA.
That's right.
But they do.
No, actually, they don't do pounds.
They do kilos, but I've just never seen anything with kilos.
I'll send you something.
For example, the scale I got, it's in pounds, and I bought it here.
So, you know what I'm saying?
At least be consistent for Christ's sake.
Although the US is the only stubborn backstreet that don't do the metric system, the whole rest of the world,
kilo is 2.2 pounds.
Even I know that.
And this guy, this guy, I'm a schmuck.
Okay, I'm a moron.
He's called to educate me.
You made a mistake.
You made a mistake.
The British, there's no such thing as a $20 bill.
They have pounds.
Yeah, they got pounds, all right.
Tons and tons of crap is what they got.
Pounds.
In fact, most of the brits ought to be in the pound.
Oh, I take that back because there's a lot of nice dogs in the pound.
I take that back.
Take the dogs out and put the brits in there in the pound.
This is just amazing to me that there's so many parochial stupid people in South Florida.
This guy wouldn't know where to find Canada on the map with both hands of flash light and the search party in a compass.
And six assistants.
Put his hands on jeopardy.
There's a really bad show.
The answer is, well, I tell you, you know, I used to like Alistair Beck when he was on constipation or whatever that show was.
And now I just despise him.
He is such a pseudo intellectual.
Of course, you got to be a pseudo beyond the idea.
Yeah, yeah.
He doesn't want to talk about jeopardy.
It sucks.
All right, I was going to take a shout at it, but that's all right.
Go ahead.
He can't because he's Canadian, you know, you know, you canadians.
And I guess he's from one of the friends.
Well, what do you mean you canadians?
Zama canadian?
Yeah.
You canucks.
I guess he's from Montreal or wherever the Frenchies are.
Yeah.
Is that it?
I don't know.
Or whatever.
He's Canadian for sure.
Any time that a French word comes up, a French name or a French word, he has to say it in French.
Oh, I see just like the Spanish and New York rules and stuff.
You can I want.
You can I want.
And they break into that all of a sudden.
Yeah.
Yeah.
They're talking about it.
It's like, okay, he's kind of like that.
That's a very impressive piece of quite a metal ball.
Yeah, like that.
But that still doesn't mean that that's a very new idea.
It's not the idea.
Which proves bilingualism doesn't work.
Walk solid.
Be once again the same God bless America and paste these in the G-string up here.
I'll do it.
All right.
Sit in at home, walk in the WWE, if I got hair on my bike and cool as I'm a breath.
I got remote control.
I got my Nintendo joystick.
I'm so damn lazy.
I'm married a pregnant chick.
Well, it's true I drive a beamer and I play lots of golf.
I wear a polyester pants that I never take off.
I go out to the bars and I try to be funky, but I don't fool anyone.
It caused me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
It's a little too white.
Oh, me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
I listen to Madonna and I think she's really hip in that hoolie-o-as-lacian spell.
It just makes me flip.
I don't like to life cruel.
They're just so darn dirty.
My kids are allowed to listen until they turn 30.
My dad is my uncle and my sister's my aunt.
I'm enrolled in school just to get me a grand.
I tell a lot of ethnic jokes.
I think that they're funny.
I got a bad sense of humor.
It caused me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
It's a little too white.
Oh, me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
Oh, me a funky.
It's a little too white.
Look at me to the barstabble of hey, look at this.
I'm a lot of them to gimm over hair and pull my finger.
1118 at $5.50 WQM, all of trailer trash, all the time.
980 votes for it.
They're really starting to really move big on us.
They want to get rid of this pool.
I don't blame them.
I do too.
Let's go up to that thousand so we can smit-can.
There's 983.
They're starting to come in in little chunks now.
Got that song by Billie J. Kramer, little chunks.
That'll won't play it.
All right, it's Chillens.
And his really archaeologist today said he found the tomb of King Herod.
King Herod.
Oh, my God.
That in 40 cents will buy about a third of a cup of coffee at Starbucks.
King Herod, the legendary builder of ancient Jerusalem,
in the Holy Land, a potentially major discovery that kept a 35-year quest for the researcher.
See, this is the kind of thing that people waste their money on.
Just like that, the royal banquet and the royal ball,
and the royal balls at the White House yesterday with the queen.
How much taxpayer money?
How much of your money, folks, do you think what to-
was peed down the drain that put that extravaganza on?
To feed the queen.
Crazy bastards.
This is what goes on in the world, man.
Hebrew University archaeologist Ejud Netser, or I love that, Ejud,
said the bomb was found at Herodium, a flattened hilltop in the Judean desert,
where Herod built a palace compound.
Netser's been working at the site, a site just outside Jerusalem since 1972.
He's been working feverishly.
Netser said the tomb is discovered when a team of researchers found pieces of a limestone sarcophagus,
believed to belong to the ancient king.
Although there were no bones in the container, he said the sarcophagus's location
and ornate appearance indicated it is Herod's sarcophagus.
It's sarcophagus, my ass.
Yes, sarcophagus.
Yeah, we will when you die.
Yeah, I'm sure you will.
I'm getting bombed.
I heard you were getting screen-aided.
You call me a screamer?
FAAAAMING!
It's the sarcophagus we just don't-
we don't see anywhere.
Netser said a news conference is something very special.
Netser who led the team city was not at the site when the sarcophagus was found.
Then that's what a shame.
Stefan Fan, an expert in the second temple period at the University of the Holy Land,
called to find a major discovery by all means but cautioned for the researchers needed.
He said all signs indicate the tomb belongs to Herod.
We'll give it back then.
But said ruins were an inscription on them were needed for full verification.
You be Herod?
No.
Wrong.
Herod?
What is it?
It's a hesitate.
We're moving in the right direction.
It'll be cleansed once we have an inscription that bears his name, said Fan, a textual scholar
who did not participate in the dig.
Dig?
A fragment of the Carve Limes stone found at the sandy site are decorated with floral motors
but did not include any inscriptions.
Herod became ruler of the Holy Land under the Romans around 40 BC.
That's why you gotta go to Rome to see all the ruins, baby.
It's old.
It's old.
It's craggy.
And the old, a tiny women are saggy.
The wall he built around the old city of Jerusalem during the time of the Jewish Second Temple
is the one that can be seen today.
He also undertook massive construction projects in Cesaria, Jericho.
Let's see the real.
What is it?
Cesaria.
Cesaria, yes.
It rhymes like with diarrhea.
Sorry.
I don't like the way that sounds.
Cesaria, Jericho.
It's just Cesaria.
It's just like some kind of an illness.
They hope to have fortress of Masada and other locations.
Oh, Masada.
That's right.
Masada.
Like Isabel de Cassada.
What ever happened to her anywhere?
What was her name?
I don't know what I was going to say.
Isabel de Cassada.
Oh, I hated her.
Hey, what was I was sending this man tossed in garbage truck.
We've gotten five faxes on it already from this guy.
And go ahead, send it up.
Right now.
You can't read it.
You can't read it.
They need to stop sending it.
You have to be happy that I can read it.
No.
They need to stop.
Why are you asking me that?
Because I've never seen you.
I'm telling you, it doesn't stop.
Stop.
Stop, stop, stop.
Who did that?
The Holly stopped.
Yes.
And then Herod was buried at Herodium, but decades of excavations fell to turn up the
side until now.
The first century historian Josephus Flavius described the tomb of Herod's funeral.
Josephus Flavius.
I wonder who was king the biggest nicoce?
I wonder how this thing started.
Right here.
See the good things, symbols, other things, as they're in through the doors.
Stop.
Stop.
I was just doing the name of the song.
I was not.
I was not.
But that's a good idea.
Good time, yeah.
It's long been assumed that the first century historian Josephus Flavius, brother to
biggest wikis, described the tomb in Herod's funeral procession.
Herodium was one of the last strong points held by Jewish rebels fighting against the
Romans.
And it was, what does it say?
Concord and destroyed by Roman rulers in 8071, a year after they destroyed the second
temple in Jerusalem.
Those are Romans, man.
They were killing the Christians and the Jews and everybody.
Sounds like George Bush.
Heber University had hoped to keep the finest secrets until next year's news conference
today, but the university announced to find a debris statement yesterday after the
Horrits Daily found out about the discovery, publishing articles on its website, Horrits,
another one of those Jew papers.
Jews, Jeffers.
You read the newspapers of the Jews papers.
That's what I like to know.
And when's the next Jewish holiday?
I'll get better get that sheet out again so I can take it off.
I'm going to start taking all the Jew holidays off and if they don't let me have them, I'm
going to sue their ass.
All right.
You're going to do their ass.
You can take off like on Mayday.
998 on the pool.
Two more votes.
If I click this couple more times, we get 999.
Well, this thing's moving along, you know what?
Maybe we have a little bit of the audience back.
I doubt it though.
Maybe it's all that big QAim promotion.
You think you, and you notice not one word has ever been spoken like when Jolly Joe called
me on Friday.
I don't even utter that word because it's just utter nonsense, you know?
It's a promotion.
It's a vacation.
That's vertusment.
Oh, look at that Chris Chris is singing a song.
I'm going to roll in the law.
Thousand votes.
Okay, let me print it out.
I'm going to print it out and then I'm going to change it.
Won't this be exciting?
It's only a day of 1130 yet.
And why are we changing the pool to the middle show?
Well, because it's woodmine Tuesday, I'm not going to be here to change you later.
And I don't want to put all that pressure on George.
He'll be taking a cat mat.
I'll be digesting this melting pot food.
I'm eating.
You got melting pot today?
Yeah.
I'll pass it over.
I'll pass it along.
I'll be good to meet.
Because I'm staying on the atkins.
Are you leaving?
Nothing but meat.
I am.
And you know, it's really interesting, but it's seeing, I could be wrong, but it seems
to me that once upon a time you were put, once upon a time in America, you were poo-pooing
the atkins.
What I was poo-pooing was that the show had turned into diet talk for fat people and
little else for a while there.
Oh, here we go.
Yeah.
I never said that it wasn't a good diet.
Nice talk.
It's diet talk.
It's hockey talk.
We sooner or later we get around to everything.
Okay, we're doing just fine.
I don't need any instructions, especially from a little punk like you.
I want to talk about it.
If you would have been as informative talking about hockey.
And those days I was answering the phone and all the calls would be, what is this?
Is this okay on the atkins?
I would say I don't know and then they would say, well, why don't you know and I think
it's about a thousand bucks.
I don't know.
I don't know.
What was your piece?
I wish I'd gotten a piece.
If I had any brands, he inscribed a nice autograph on my one of my book about vitamins
and stuff.
How much is that worth?
Nothing.
Okay, here's the new pool.
I just put it on there.
I'm the owner of an overactive blank.
Bladder, bowels, craving for food, fart maker, hypochondria, imagination, impulsed
to call video talk shows with nothing to say.
Mental disorder spelled wrong.
Eric mental has no first A in it there.
Okay, it says mental disease.
I think Eric's crumbling under the pressure.
He'll correct it.
Trust me or else nervous system paranoia sex drive.
Oh, that's me.
Sweat glands thirst thyroid or nothing overactive with me sex drive.
I click that right now.
Let's see.
We got any votes on there.
You know, I just voted.
It's oh yeah.
One for imagination.
We got three votes.
One for imagination white for hypochondria.
Three votes.
One thing about us though, we show up.
I enjoy just out sick a lot because not as much as used to be though.
I was like last year.
Was it last year you were always on sick?
Yeah, I was having, I don't know what.
Problems.
Well, that's a good news.
George doesn't have any more problems.
Yeah.
It's news to him.
He just found out right here on the informative near Roger show.
Oh, sex drives up to three now.
Be all proven overactive.
Or maybe it's underactive.
Should we put that?
Or we don't have that many women listening.
So why the hell should we put underactive?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
Couple down the hips with Casey Jason.
Hi, hi, Casey, Casey.
Welcome back to our countdown of this week's Talk 20 ring tones.
We're up to our number one ring tone of the week.
But first, our unlimited coast to coast, long distance request and dedication.
It's from Jessica S.
She writes, dear Casey.
Recently, my sister was caught lip-sinking on national TV.
At first, she blamed her band.
And then, she blamed her asses, re-blocks.
Whatever that is.
Anyway, Casey, since everyone thinks I'm the stupid one of the family, could you play
Green Day's American Idiot for my sister, Ashley?
Signed Jessica.
So from Jessica to Ashley, here's your unlimited coast to coast, long distance request and dedication.
That's American Idiot from Jessica to Ashley.
Now, on with the countdown.
But first, let's recap our top three ring tones.
Number three.
Coming at it number three, Rondo Eleaterka by Mozart.
At number two, that tune that sounds like heart and soul, but is it?
And now, this week's number one ring tone.
Number one.
For the third week in a row, Walsh of the Flowers.
There you have it.
The top 20 ring tones in America as tabulated by Fond Hill Board magazine to win it your
next week.
But it will once again count down America's top 20 ring tones.
I'm Casey K. Zim saying keep your volume turned down and keep reaching for four
bars.
Yeah, reach to this.
I was at the 20th, Scott the Queen's picture on it.
Oh, brother, 11.
Yes.
The risk was something like all the fat lardos that used to call in during those shows.
There is a problem with that.
Partly mostly sunny and 85 in a slight chance of showers.
I got an eye.
Okay, we're in.
Okay, go ahead.
Or mushrooms on the atkins.
Are mushrooms on the atkins?
I asked you first.
Why not?
Okay, I don't know.
Because I'm thinking of tension about that.
Not in the beginning stage.
Let me ask you what are mushrooms.
Mushrooms are vegetables.
Yeah, but there are fungus.
Or fungus.
There's a fungus among the guys.
But they're considered to be vegetables.
Okay, they have a little bit of carbs, but almost a none.
Yeah, you're a fungi.
That's what I heard.
But anyway, yeah, you can have a little bit.
And then I have one.
Well, I have one.
Okay, if you want to like fry them with some butter, which is okay on the atkins and some onions, which is certainly okay, but it's a veggie table.
And it's got almost no carbs.
What do I really want to waste any space in my stomach for a mushroom when I've got a plate full of lots to her and stay in shrimp?
Because I love mushrooms.
Oh, man, I love mushrooms on the atkins, man.
I could eat.
I could cook up.
I could take the frying pan and cook up a pound of mushrooms and onions.
Eat that all day.
I'd have to take a bunch of roll-aids at the same time because I have odds of the real bad.
But man, there ain't nobody loves shrooms and onions.
I maybe Dave can pre-delight mushrooms better than I do.
I'll cook it over here on a grand scale.
I got like five skewers with things on them all going at the same time.
Yeah, you're supposed to be alright.
Mm-hmm.
WDQY and hello.
Hello.
Yes.
Neil?
Yes, I am.
Hi, Neil. How are you doing?
I'm doing great.
I have the answer for you for a guy you what I'm going to do.
Can we get Randy?
No.
It sits down from the Miltonborough Show.
Oh, that's the guy, right?
He used to roll up his sleeves and do a pen.
No wonder I couldn't think of it.
Who the hell remembers him?
Well, I'm a little five.
Me too.
Okay, thanks a lot, Neil.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I'll be right back.
How do you like that?
Sit still.
I never would have thought of that from the Old Miltonborough Show.
That's why I couldn't think of it.
Tell you what I'm going to do.
He was a guy.
He was one of the people I'm sure.
I'm sure one of the funny guy.
He's dead.
I mean, I'm not positive of that, but I would imagine it if not he ought to be.
Because he'd be about 110 years old.
Who wants to live to 110?
Unless you're 109, you know, yeah, I guess.
566705560.
You know, this is the way I look at life.
You take whatever you can get.
You understand?
Take whatever you can get.
Yeah, you bet.
If I can make it to 90, that's another 26 years.
Can you imagine how dangerous I've been?
And I still be here sitting talking to another 26 years.
For somebody, I think if they don't re-up my deal here pretty soon,
because they keep talking enormous this and this one's that.
Well, it's a really big.
Next to that often, this is our biggest contract.
If we don't get it done next couple of weeks, I'm going across the street.
Good play.
To the Chinese market.
Get some more candy bars.
56670560.560.
They've arrived in a singular wireless line.
What kind of a horseball radio station doesn't put an uncompete in a guy's contract?
Sure.
I mean, what kind of a, huh?
What kind of a minor bush league operation, Joel?
There's something like that.
Really stupid.
But then again, they are stupid.
WQRM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing today?
Great.
Listen, there's two articles in the local of the scum's at most.
The two articles in there.
The word looking at.
Yeah.
The minister and then some other crazy broad.
Just before the list of the dead people.
Take a look.
Okay, well, thank you so much.
WQRM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
I was just at the bridge tender for like five minutes.
Yeah, I have to say it.
Oh, my goodness.
That's not funny.
What?
I called Neil.
I made a funny sound.
There's like a Bobby there on the Am I space, Bobby?
I called you up, but I remember he asked me for the phone number to call in.
And then the next day I called him and made a funny sound.
What's his mouth?
He was making sounds with his mouth.
Well, that's what we keep talking about making sounds with your mouth.
How are we doing on this new pool?
Let's take a look at this baby, shaping up.
We got 53 votes already.
It's only been on there about two shades of a lime stale.
That's a lot better than five fingered roses.
Or here's the end result of the first one.
We had a thousand votes even.
Well, I like that.
I've printed that baby out just in the nicotine.
Be honest.
And I'm going to read the result.
I hate that poll.
Thousand votes.
That's it.
I'm going to read the poll.
I'm not going to read the result.
It was not good.
53 so far in the new pool.
I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive 14.
Oh, yeah.
I'm ready right now.
Farch maker nine, bladder nine.
Nothing overactive with me.
Six.
Oh, yeah.
I like these stories.
Well, there's an ad for Sirius on there.
And at the new Mercury, it's got Sirius.
Where's the president of Sirius?
In the last night they had a story about that.
And Brian Williams, NBC News.
And I kept thinking about that car.
You know, he could have been the dumbest person I've ever spoken to.
And boy, that covers a lot of territory.
He was great.
I hope he calls back.
Yeah, the president of Sirius.
Nothing overactive with me.
Six.
Imagination for overactive.
Overactive craving for food for.
Bowls for.
Oh, mile would be so jealous if she were here to hear that.
Nervous system two.
Swecklands one.
Impulsed a car radio talk shows with nothing to say one.
Hypochumbia one.
And nothing yet for thyroid thirst.
Paranoia or mental disorder.
Nice going around and spelling.
Eric straighted it out.
What I tell you about him and he is on.
He's on his game.
67 vote.
On a brand new policy and then we can pull out scam.
We can add the two together.
Chris.
And we can pretend we had like, you know, 12, 13 and revotes.
What scam?
That we always pull.
Well, good timing.
He didn't either back in the seat.
Good.
WQYM. Hello.
George.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He'd be going on the phone.
Cuba.
Oh, it's called Mr. Matt.
Now we're talking.
I have my papers.
WQYM. Hello.
Hey, good morning.
Yes, sir.
Will you have a mix of the air and sea shells this year?
No.
It was on the leave of all.
Yeah.
What'd you see if he is sea shell.
Sea shells by the sea shore.
Yeah, it was on and nothing to say.
Smart.
Yeah, I came on down just to see the air and sea show to see.
Oh, there's a plane.
I wanted to do my herbivorous chase, but I'm too tall.
Now, isn't it supposed to be when you get older,
your feet get fatter and they get whiter?
Which is true.
Your nose gets longer.
And your what?
Your nose gets longer.
Your ears continue growing.
Get out of here.
You stand like a big ears.
Yeah, I'm probably.
Oh, am I nose?
Yeah.
They couldn't eat it.
Nothing else though.
How about your feet?
My feet are getting whiter.
They're like getting that platypus kind of thing.
You know, and square like a Mexicans.
They're getting really fat.
My feet.
Maybe all the fat is like drinking a...
Or can you imagine how fat hangs feet must be?
Wonderful WQA Air.
What face?
I had a chicken in pain.
One day she flew away.
To Tio on a web of moon is the double issue.
But with our right wing censorship,
there are words that mustn't slip.
To tell you how I feel for K.
Hey, for K.
So...
With QCK into one of them.
I'll see you with G.
You wanna do.
Now if you see K, tell her I miss her each day.
And the FCC won't let me sing this.
From my roasted day out at the CK,
Take her hand, gently say.
That after this transmission,
I'll be out in 90 days old.
With QCK into one of them.
I'll see you with G.
You wanna go, wanna go,
But God I'll see you with G.
You wanna do.
So what ever happened with him, Gaterman?
And we know, is he still alive?
I don't know.
I'll ask him.
I'll ask him.
I'll ask him.
Check each mechle or whatever his friend's name was.
I think he's in West Palm doing the lounge act.
Are you sir?
Last I heard, but I could be wrong.
Are you sure?
How do you make a living doing that?
He makes a very good living,
wearing a tuxedo and playing piano in those she-sheet places
where they tip you with those big, brandy snifters.
She-sheet?
Yeah.
How about he-sheet places?
I'm sure those are of...
And how about food places?
He-he, and he-he-
And he had both done the pull on the new one.
Wow!
This thing is gonna be phenomenal!
Chris agrees, I'm sure.
Now, across the other...
Oh yeah, Chris, Chris is the one back in there, because the food came in.
Right.
Now that should be just fine for you.
You should be sticking to the act and stuff, if you just stick with me.
And you don't-
What?
He did.
Good.
And all those desserts don't be dipping and dunking like a cake.
And Martian does stuff and that wild chocolate you know?
Good stuff, don't not do.
Not for you.
Don't start walking.
Why is it that?
People are, you know, you attempt.
You attempt.
Is it there?
No, no, it isn't.
They didn't bring any dessert.
No.
By request, I told them, Duff, to tell the nice John that we were doing the atkins and they
only brought me.
And veggies.
And we love them in melting pot and pot.
By the way, tomorrow's Wednesday.
It's throughout Wednesday, so I'm sure Duff has been really taking care of you guys tomorrow.
Right.
Don't worry about it.
WDQ, I'm very worried about it.
I'm upset.
Q.A.M.
Hello.
How do Neil?
Yes, sir.
I don't really care much for Italian food.
Why not?
Well, I don't know, but I do like Italian food.
Whoa!
There you go.
You fairy.
WDQ, I am hello.
Hey, Neil.
I got to turn off my internet.
Hold on.
Turn off that thing.
I'll tell it.
I am so excited because I love you.
And my dad, that Jimmy Duranny called.
That was my father down sweating in Florida.
Yeah.
I'm up in Tennessee.
Listen to you on my internet and join you every day.
Tennessee.
I'm home.
What are you doing in Tennessee?
My husband dragged me up here.
Oh, God.
I'm so sorry.
That's how they get women up there in Tennessee.
Yeah.
They drag them forward.
They drag them.
They drug them.
Listen to this.
My daughter is in third grade and her teacher and the science books makes them mark out that the reptiles lived millions of years ago.
And wrote in thousands.
Yeah.
Twenty-thirty years ago, yeah.
Yeah.
With the dinosaurs who lived in Tennessee.
Oh, this is in Tennessee.
I had them in ease.
Yep.
Well, of course there's lots of tourists in Tennessee.
Tourists.
Tourists.
Tourists.
Well, listen, have a great life and a good lucky.
I think you'll need it.
Thank you.
See you.
Okay.
Wasn't she an ice unfortunately or a husband?
Isn't it usually the other way around?
I don't know.
I guess not.
Like, the guys have to move for work.
That kind of thing.
So they drag their wives along.
Oh, my God.
Geez.
I had a tober dump his ass.
Unless it was extraordinarily good in the set.
That's one of the two of us.
Really good provider and making lots and lots of money.
108 votes on the new pool and six.
I'm the owner of an overactive six drive 24.
Seems to be leading all the way to head a fart maker.
Those two are kind of incompatible.
Mm-hmm.
That's one thing about having a partner.
A fart maker is just not unknown.
A partner?
A fart in a year.
Yeah.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Yeah, and then I help previously that after
the June hour, a million June,
it's going to be due to a lot of your shows, huh?
Yeah.
How can you let a man face a medic like him do a show?
Your world's an agrarian.
How can you do that?
How can I do one thing?
Can you do that?
I mean, please, you know, he should be a...
How can you do that?
How can the guys are street?
Yeah, oh, I see.
For the guys that's street.
What about you, some kind of a Palestinian Mexican?
Oh, he is.
Bad cloney asset, man.
Real bad one.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Go up, put on the guard, Vera.
WDQ-YM, hello.
Bob Green, please.
Q-YM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'm sorry, that was a new Roger.
Speaking.
Speaking.
Turn that radio down, please.
Hey, Neil, I love your band.
Yeah.
We listen to you guys for the past 10 years, man.
And it's a writer, huh?
Yeah, oh, man, I love you guys, man.
10 to 12 o'clock every single day, man.
I love you guys.
What do you mean 10 to 12 o'clock?
What do you do when you have to 12 o'clock?
After 12 o'clock, I listen to the, you know, the hands and the other guys.
Well, they have a lot of new, any other choice.
At 12 o'clock?
Yeah.
Ask the community this, my amigo.
Okay, ma'am, I'm sorry.
You haven't had time, man.
Okay, man.
Wow.
Humber is going to be on a new today.
There's a no yet.
The blood sugar will be down to 600 by then.
I'm just trying to do something to give him, but you know something that kicked that home.
I'm really looking for the band that's going, okay?
I ain't going to help.
I've been trying for years to talk him into it.
Remember, I was going to buy him that the blood sugar thing to check his evil.
Do it.
What is it, the meter?
Maybe he's got a death wish.
I don't know.
How can you be diabetic and not check your blood sugar?
Yeah, I'm sure if you watch any TV, every 20 minutes there's another ad for another one.
There's little machines, you know, check to prick your finger.
And what do you call it?
Bill Wilford Brimley talking about diabetes.
There you go.
Diabetes, dentist, plasma, liberty.
Whatever her name is.
What's her name?
Oh, I saw Karen and I said it's not Karen Valentine.
Who is it?
The one with the Christie Ellie?
The Barry Brimley?
Yeah, the Barry Brimley.
I saw that again last night.
Have you got Jenny yet?
Yeah, don't you want to look just like Christie Ellie?
Oh, my God.
Even I was getting mad.
By the way, Boca Bryan says that guitar man is indeed in West Palm playing piano in the Ritsey place.
Well, that's so sad.
Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M?
That is a doornail.
Q-A-M, hello.
But, nah.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
What, these are spastic.
WDQ-A-M, hola.
Ro-Nero.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Nero, come on.
Nero, my whole world.
WDQ-A-M, hello.
Nero, how are you?
Okay, how are you?
Good, good, hey.
Can you introduce yourself?
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
I'm a good person.
Can we put him back on on what?
On drugs?
I am that hemorrhide.
Wow.
Okay, let's take a quick peek.
I want to go to, what's this in Taiwan?
You see this?
Yeah.
There's a time one on.
I have a brawl.
I wish our country was going to blow us over.
I have a little fist fight there.
The Taiwanese.
You know, I'd watch sea spade if we had stuff like this going on.
Oh, yeah.
Just like the Canadian parliament.
They're all pounding on the table and the group.
Yeah, that's the same thing.
These people start US Congress.
They also do the general lady from California.
Yeah, right.
Look at the bullcrap.
One, two, three.
Oh, it's time for Little Landberry.
And so we got on the new pool.
One, two, three.
Sure sounds good to me.
I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive.
It's pulling away.
28.
It's pulling.
560-705-60-5060 on the Verizon singular wireless line.
One, two, three.
There he is.
I wonder if he's dead in the line.
I don't know.
I think he's dead.
I'll ask him that.
I might see him.
He also has some song.
I looked at something.
I looked at Traces.
That was the OJs.
He had, the lender had another header.
Was that it?
Was that a medley of his big?
Let me, let me look.
Take a puke.
A peak.
WQYM, hello.
Hello?
You?
Yes, sir.
Oh, you know, it's good to have you on the phone.
Hey, I'm like, I haven't seen just in how we can fix all this Iraq story.
I hope you're good.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
If I saw the David Cassidy special last night, what?
That's the Galilee Eyes boyfriend.
It must have had a wild evening after that.
They must have put him right in the mood.
A lot of butter, I imagine.
A lot of Crisco, WQYM, hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Is this new?
Sounds like me, yeah.
Oh, okay.
No problem.
I love your show, by the way.
What made me call was about the diabetes stuff to suffer.
I have a very expensive.
Even when you try to get that Liberty stuff.
Yeah, diabetes.
You're not on that Medicare.
It's expensive.
Like $60 from my wife.
She has to pay for that.
But the Apple for the machine is pretty expensive.
Well, let me ask you a question.
How much is your life worth?
That's the obvious question.
Well, that's not the problem.
I'm the thing.
And if you would say about the scripts, it's very, very expensive.
Why do you tell me this?
I've been buying them for a zillion years.
Don't you think I know that?
Yeah, but they will.
I think the miserable present that they can get cheap.
Well, then go to your robberies and buy them there, okay?
And quit bitching about the Liberty and their whatever.
Wilford Brimley.
What's that guy talking about?
What a meat, but a moop, but a moop.
Through your expensive.
George will take care of it for you.
Send him to the bill every month.
Okay, he'll take care of all your supplies.
I'll set supplies.
School supplies, diabetes supplies.
I'll set supplies.
I'll set supplies.
Now, what's the story on that drum, by the way?
I, uh, nothing.
I asked Clevver.
That's not acceptable.
I'm going to blame you for it now because you're too much of a wimp.
Too much of a woose.
Or you're right about that.
Push comes out of all buy it and expensive.
And then they'll have a heart attack and maybe they'll fire me.
But you don't understand.
You can't wait until it dies.
Does the, does the things say change drum soon?
Yes.
Well, change it.
Okay.
If a light came on on your ass, said change your underwear soon.
Wouldn't you change it?
I don't need the light.
Well, there you go.
Change the drum.
I just, wait, wait, wait.
Change the drum.
Bang the drum slowly and change its back links.
You're really messed.
I'm telling you.
You're official, ho.
Well, Miami Dolphins football.
Jason Taylor basketball away.
He swoops on the dashes into the end.
Sports radio.
560.
G.A.M.
Listen to the great equipment.
Whenever I shape my ball, I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour.
You lost a coordinated time in the sour soul.
All around the four-hole plums, having a small bowl.
We'll take that stuff all the time.
God bless, who play games.
Can't keep the eyes apart behind insisting they're not gay.
Now, you've got to hide your heart away.
Now, you've got to hide your heart away.
Town will shorten hardly passes that straight game will buy.
Men who fall apart, run men.
Give us four-hole, stays up in mind.
Oh, girls, you've got four-hole wheels, having fun with the boys.
In the locker room, I hear, boy and boy, boy and boy, boy and boy, boy, boy.
You've got to hide your heart away.
You've got to hide your heart away.
Oh, guess what I just found.
All right.
Just thinking, pop it up on the floor.
Let's have the babies.
Wow.
They want us to find a way.
Holy moly, I shouldn't have said holy moly.
That was a bad choice of words.
Why?
I don't know.
I never forgot this, but on the inside of this, this is mo bits, volume one.
On the inside of the cover in the CD, there's a picture of a guy that makes fat boy look like a midget sitting on the throne.
Remember that?
No, you haven't seen it.
You haven't seen it.
He's saying he's seen it.
Oh, yeah, how he is.
Oh, man.
Wow.
They're reimbursed for back pain.
I have a feeling we could probably play this.
What do you think?
No.
Right up to the chorus.
Oh, I see.
No, I was saying if I use a quick finger, what do you think?
No.
Now, wait, what do you mean?
You just say, Chris, did he say no?
They're reimbursed for back pain.
About 200 years ago, when they were late.
I'll be hungry if you do.
I'll be hungry if you do.
I'll be hungry if you do.
Yeah.
Oh, wait a minute.
I almost fell straight down.
Oh, my objects.
Yeah.
Okay.
I only have a hole, hole.
I don't remember how this is.
I did.
How this goes?
I am pissed.
You're stuck.
Right now.
Found it.
Found it.
Found it.
Found it.
Yeah.
Come on now.
Good job.
That was great.
You can play two more now.
You can play three more words.
Four more words.
Got it.
One more.
One more.
One more word.
One more word.
No chance.
No, I'm getting that baby out of here.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
That's a bad machine, man.
We're kicking some serious fat or ass ancient style today.
Let me tell you that.
That kind of rejuvenated me here in time again.
Yeah.
You don't think you could clean that up?
I think the message would stay there no matter how many bleeps we put in it.
I think somebody would feel this is a really hard time.
Oh.
Not to mention any choice.
Oh, it's choice.
Forget about that bitch.
I'd like to.
I'd like to.
What a nauseating thought that is.
Oh.
Even more obscene.
And that's the first cut on that.
Now, let's do probably some other good stuff on there.
Oh, I know.
I know there is.
Coach Jim Morris.
Hmm.
I don't know what hell that means.
I mean, I know who he was.
Is this thing ever going to queue up?
I think the machine is rejecting the disc.
It says, sir, ho on, but it's just not.
It's not queuing up.
I think Joyce is the fiddle with my top deck here.
Let's see.
What's going on, man?
There's some drag in my deck.
Sir, ho on.
If you'd have the first time, thank God,
because that was a really, that was a lot of fun.
I brought back some really bad memories.
The other one is not here, though.
Con, delisa, it's not on here.
It just says, sir, ho on.
What's that all about?
I don't know.
It just is rejecting it.
It's not reading.
What do you mean?
It doesn't even get that far.
It doesn't even say a table of contents here.
It just says, sir, ho on.
Well, I'll be danged.
OK, take that baby out of there.
Probably a message from the Lord.
You know what?
Damn, God!
Give me some real good advice.
Don't be doing that, now.
It'll be messing with that thing again.
OK, I want to put it over here for tomorrow.
WQAM, hello.
Good afternoon, sir.
Yes, sir.
You have this office yelling and screaming and rolling in stitches,
hoping for the old days, man.
Oh, yeah, don't we all.
Oh, man, people are like, I can't believe it.
I'm going to put it in the back.
You got to admit, I got to write up to the hook there.
I'll tell you what, everybody here has done Google searches.
Good luck to you.
People lucked to you.
Trying to find that.
Yeah.
We'll buy you.
But, no, can't do it because, you know, the right wing and the other wing.
The PC Goop balls out there just, they kind of feather us.
But thank you very much for the memories in your memory.
You're welcome.
I appreciate it.
Ostechier me.
Bye-bye.
See it.
See, he enjoyed it.
He's one of those people who remembers the whole office is just for me.
They remember when we used to have fun on a show and on this radio station before the FCC.
And we can thank Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell.
Hey, Justin.
You're fair.
Who phony little pork man makes me want to puke my guts out and Janet Jackson with her crap.
This isn't even in the other machine.
This isn't the thing.
Oh, wait a minute it is.
Oh, no.
No, I don't want to put it there again.
Now, what else is on here?
The Gildi Show theme?
I don't know.
Kind of leaves it on the giant.
Gildi Show, Gildi Show.
Forget about it, promo.
Maybe there's stuff on here that isn't in the promo for the homo.
But God about it.
That's what I say.
How's that for a funny show idea?
If I made borrow a phrase from the great Marty Allen.
Hello, Dare.
Everybody in Paradise Land.
And then of course there's always the much beloved mogus rate.
See it about our house.
Oh, I don't think we can play that.
And how about your fire dizziness?
It's the correct they played down the hole.
That's power 96.
You're a garbage.
The kids don't know what's good.
Like that song, I'm happy I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
How can you listen?
I'm happier I live in a split level head.
I'm happier I live in a split level head.
You remember that?
No.
Why are my friends and my morons?
Come on, how we?
Don't you go be how we?
There's nothing to put in action from you, pal.
You shut up, asshole.
Okay, that's it.
You're all fired.
You can't stoop in the open.
You listen to me.
You're a fired.
Oh, do do do do do do do.
I'll take that ghost for you too.
You know who I am.
I'm the king of Paradise.
I came down here after losing my charm.
To be a big fish.
In a little pond.
When they kicked me off the SP and they told me don't come back again.
I had some problems with why these guys who advised I move to Paradise.
Oh, yeah.
Fire!
That fish nearly flew away nine.
I got one fucking.
You're all fired.
I hope that just goes one dice.
Well, I hope you're happy.
I hope you die.
I hope you all die.
I'm a big fish in a little pond to see you.
A big fish in a little pond.
Did anybody else hear you, babe?
I'm a big fish in a little pond.
A big fish in a little pond.
A big fish in a little pond.
A big fish in a little pond.
Yeah!
What a time are you enjoying it?
Now, now, come down, Howard.
What do you say we go have some nice sushi?
Don't talk, don't talk.
Yeah, there had to be one dump in there.
I knew that.
Just before Gus went.
Maybe he said jazz.
Maybe he was listening as well as 94.
Hey, Walnose to find the way.
Let's just play that all day.
Just the intro.
What are you saying?
Yeah, I never know.
There's a lot of reverb on it.
You know what I'm saying?
The vocal blind's production value has surpassed anything anywhere that anyone else is doing.
He'd be the best.
Hey, Walnose to find the way.
Somebody called WAB Sirium, bursting for back pain.
From 200 years ago, when they were slaves.
Oh, alright.
Well, I only have a mobile home.
A pitful and a pinch of skull.
So if you wanna ask me how, here's what I gotta say.
Alright.
You've got to.
Okay, 10 pass noon.
Doesn't it?
That guy was, they were doing cartwheels in the office.
He said, I believe in.
All they know was, I'm sure.
He was doing cartwheels in my pants.
In an honor of a Void Blind Tuesday, got my pants on and my shirt.
That makes me feel better that you got your pants on.
Why is that?
And your shirt.
More secure?
Yeah, exactly.
Even though you're a Serrano, you know, pantsless fags make us all nervous.
No, well, there's a lot of them.
202 on this new pool, that means we got over 1200 votes.
But we're gonna get over whatever we get.
We get a big total.
Because we're cheating.
We're doing two polls for the price of one.
And you don't have to change the pool today.
Excellent.
You can go take a nice nap and go into a coma.
I'm the owner of an overactive craving for food is moving into lead now 42.
And that's because we were talking about the food, I guess.
Craving for food.
Sex drive 38 is sliding.
There's sliding.
It's up and it's sliding it, but not enough.
Nothing overactive with me 28.
Yeah, fart maker 26, bladder 20, 20.
Imagination 14, overactive bottles 10.
Mental disorder 5, sweat glands 4, paranoia 4, nervous system 4, thirst 3.
Impulsive car video talk shows with nothing to say 3, hypokonnia 1 and thyroid has got.
Oh!
None.
I guess that excuse went out with the mickers and hypotenissues that will always have an overactive thyroid.
That's why we ate 145 pounds and I keep shoveling crap down my push constantly all day long.
Am I right?
Yep.
They used to be the excuse to be jury.
Sure.
12 minutes past noon at 5.60 W.A.M.
Now let's see, do I cue that back or what?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I thought I could have put it on pause, you know.
I took my hand.
My hand.
New.
Yeah.
More.
More Higher.
More.
More.
More.
More.
More.
Alive of those artists Amos present
Ahhhhh........
I should've been especially surprised by that
Laugh
Amos enormous
想要最後香港
책
Tamaruto
Tamaruto
Tamaruto
Got Hitlä!
No!
Not 지� part?
müssen arrows
minj
Oh
Anyway, it's a 12.19 a say Peyton Manning bit. I have an urgent request for a Peyton Manning bit
I have no idea what it is
The original know because you don't even know who that is who she's the quarterback at a cults Peyton Manning Sandy Peyton Man
Ring any bells no
This does huh?
No, everybody you Chris any idea what that is. I have an ache and bit that we have no
Acemen we know we know we have to toy the boy with Sandy Peyton Manning
I don't see it. No nothing comes to mind. I'll be then
Well work on it and maybe we'll make one up okay. He's that will just play
I could just see those people in the orphan's doing part real speed
They want us but we can't we can't play that
You got a kiss say buddy good morning
223 votes on the pool. I am the owner of an overactive craving for food 42 and sex drive 41
You notice how there are nose to nose side by each a
Very tight battle if I can use that expression WQ a.m. Hello
Baba booey. Yeah back to you boring boring
Just like that show you're talking about boring
Oh, and I how come I didn't mention this way back to the beginning speaking of Caliq a world bank panelists on president Paul Wolfowitz
Goldie of a conflict of interest a bank committee
probably right but it is findings that he was building of a conflict of interest and ranging for a pay raise and
Promotion in 2005 to Shah Ali Risa his companion wrote Steve and vice-man in the at times like yesterday afternoon
There wasn't clear whether the committee consisting of seven of the banks 24 board members who the
Remove Mr. Wolfowitz from his poster more likely express lots of cost loss of confidence in his leadership and manner that my persuade him to resign
The news game is wolfowitz advisor Kevin Kellams resigned complaining that the cloud over the Bush appointed president
Made his work at the institution useless the satirical website one kit was also reporting rumors like yesterday
The wolfowitz resigned that the site was unable to back to the more but a beep bit of whoop and I don't see no more on that
Have you seen anything on it? Nope. I was busy listening to this
I don't know
So what do we got all together a thousand votes on the first pool which really sucked about that?
I mean not that I know of everything Italian I sure do but you know
Just was a bad fool. Sorry Charlie B. Not good two twenty nine. So we don't have a sandy a patent a patent manning bit
No, nothing I know I
Mean we could but
Sure, you know what it is. Yeah, I don't know what it would be called
I sir Tavy were patent you fair I search manning patent painting and both you think I didn't do that of course
I have a library in this other computer to and nothing
What do you mean you have a library in other computer? What are you holding back stuff is that of course?
I'm not holding back stuff all the stuff that you put into one computer
I put into this other computer because the DCS over here is full
It is yeah
I got 48% left in mine. I got 99% used so wow
They say I'm gonna ask you something if you got 99% of course that's probably the other 47% that I don't have in here
We can't know we have any different size hard drives you got a bigger drive up there
I got a bigger drive. Yeah, that's what you got a better room and a
Confirm computer and the producers computer than there is a WQ way and hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey
Yes, how are you doing? I'm doing
Ladies on Joe's is he coming over?
Stay tuned man stay tuned
Get on the edge of your seat get a good grip on the dial there on the knob
5 670 560 sorry pali no well-patin manning but can't find it
Don't know what it is if you know maybe if we had a name if we knew what it was what it was about
We got Troy the boy nobody wants to hear that again anymore. I don't even know if we can play that
Yeah, something about the big brown eyes
Brown eyes
One of the guys got a really big look at Andy
I beg your pardon I said how's it going?
5 670 560
I'll leave a rising and singular wireless line. I got a really good idea
I can find the unexplored version of mm-hmm and I could play that and at the same time of course
We can't let them go too long I object not if we want to come back again tomorrow. What I object
You object to what I insist that you don't do that
What are you trying to be on the record that's right I see
We do have this and you are a very important part of this all of us in the DCS
But oh yeah, yeah, it's worth playing the column on this bit. That's right. It's my idea, too. What's it really? Yeah
I can tribute it to material. So I'm very proud
Can we play it?
Oh
My arm like a ramic now he map a locker one I got beans on my nose nobody knows that under my clothes
I wear fancy homes with that no mean that I'm gay if you take my arms away
I'd you ought to see my legs and my as well keep on swooping shave to show a little glass the next time I'm raping
I can go to a surgeon that that gives me the shivers. I would not want to walk on looking like John Riddens
Where am I? I'm higher the beast the fat little freak
I did him a favor now again a point of eat the reason I dismissed that stink and fat bastard
It's big. I see wouldn't shut up and he can't play connoisse
I saw the talk over there nobody talk from an I rap I'm not ten you talk
Look at me. I'm big. I know square. I'm a ding don't get it man. I'm really dead
I buy a any what I want I don't care
Which way if they make me flip my wig later smelly green hair?
I bet my myself it even happens to the Greeks Westwood once and you get out of here
I'll sweep rake your legs. So now I sit by the pool life since good as it gets with my paladin cocktail
Placing bets on the jets in paradise paradise and I kiss nobody's ass in paradise
I'll be sure that the screwkins when I get the change that the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants
How long does it take?
Kelly calling the plate and we's just a little thought so what I love this day
That's funny what I'm not gonna say what's funny. I can do what I want because the management loves me
In a place of no something ought to know but along his time I want to do to be my
Oh, who I might type out now. I'm afraid. Oh, no
What do you do? I don't take no for an answer
Not you
Miss Peterson. Yes, I just Bob Williams down at sores Bob's boss. Oh, how are you? How are you today? Fine?
Are you sitting down? Yes, I'm afraid I have some bad news for you. What do you mean dad?
I understand that Bob's been with us for almost 20 years now and that's okay
Is me oh Bob's fine a little upset but fine. He's been a good worker for us
He's made all his quotas his bonuses of always been in line
But we're gonna have to let him go
We're gonna have to fire him and
Unfortunately being the boss sometimes you have to do things that you're not very pleased doing
So that's not very fair
He's been very loyal to you. Yes, he has that's like a slap in the face
Um, I can imagine you failing that way absolutely, but feeling that way you don't understand
We just had a baby. Yes, I understand
Build up the Yin Yang understood this is a very hard time to do this kind of a thing
I I fully agree with you, but there's something has happened down here at the office that that we can't overlook
It's an it's an image problem and a problem that you might want to address yourself
Um, I don't look quite how to tell you though. Why are you firing him?
It's a little delicate unfortunately
We found him on top of his desk making love to his secretary
Oh about son of a bitch. Well, I can understand you're being upset at this point, but
Well, um, he's gonna need your support
Right now he's on his way home to you and he
Got another thing coming when he gets home. I'm gonna change the locks on the door
I'm so excited on the front one. He can just have it all
I'm not even gonna be here when he gets back
That's not about that and now now I don't feel so bad about
Well
12.30 to 5.60
Pretty QA you know the thing you'll be very pleased about is I'm sending this disc away as a gift now
You didn't put this in that package yourself. Did you?
No, well, this this one is going. I don't have it. I do okay. Well, I do at the moment
I'm mailing it away then I won't ever be tempted to play
No, if you mail it down here, I'll make copies and send them to you. I don't know everybody
Where you yeah, you promise of course
So you don't have this I don't think so. I mean, I might be somewhere in the studio
You know buried very deep somewhere, but I don't right. I don't know. I'm gonna. I'll choke up about it
Okay, I'll send it to you and I make copies and send it to the appropriate parties
You got party talk you got it. You know, I'm talking about just okay great. Okay. They'll go over here in my pile
I got news for it as a collector's item. That's not one lot of people are gonna be holding on to I mean it haven't
Trust me when I said it. Mm-hmm. I wouldn't be trying to sell the
Honey, maybe
257 votes on the pool
Ah
I'm getting really do a gagged up about it. We have 13162 MySpace friends at a MySpace page. Nothing we want to mention that though
We don't want to mention too much, you know, because then you get all bent out of shape
Oh, all he's talking about is that kids and about MySpace, you know, you start with that crap
Didn't he start with that crap? Sure. Yeah
So that means we got 1257 all together
Uh, I am the owner of an overactive
sex drive 49 oh there's Prince Harry. God is the ugly. Oh, man
Oh, in fact, I say send to Afghanistan put them on the front lines. Okay. Hey, Harry
You bloody Brit. That's bad. That was terrible. You wouldn't want to see Prince Harry get his head blown off with you
No overactive sex drive 49. It's moved back in the lead craving for food 47
Nothing overactive with me 37
Fartmaker 31 bladder 24 imagination 20
Bowls 13 mental disorder 9
nervous system 7 sweat gland 6 paranoia 5
Thirst for impulsed the car radio talk shows with nothing to say for that would be a first
I can't even imagine that can you no type of conduit one and thyroid don't have any that that's an old old
Chestnut as they say
That's what David Hossley used to say w. I. N. Z. Let's think of the old chestnuts and I'd say you're nuts. You idiot. You old goat
See that goes hand in hand with that expression about there. What was it the five fingered the five fingered way
Discount of the five finger disco away. I've heard the five fingered way before but that was a different uh, oh geez
I know oh geez
Pro 35 25 to one. I got my pantaloonies on am I sure it's a woodbine Tuesday
Everybody's in a great chipper mood today because we're gonna kiss everybody good morning
Huh and and I'll good afternoon is that kiss a listener good morning. He's like that's a great idea. I just had
Kiss a second like you got a kiss a listener good morning. Oh, man. You got a idea? You don't like that? Oh, I'd have to see them first
I'm not seeing I said you not me. Oh me you Chris
Chris can kiss him good morning
Crystal kiss anybody anything. It's a lie. I don't know. Chris. I'm not. Chris. I'm in kiss in anime objects. No
WQ way you way am hello. Hey Leo how you doing? Okay sir. I am the owner of an overactive bladder
Yeah
That was just what I wanted to tell you now you haven't seen the those commercials on tv for if you're going and going and going and going
That there I'm like every five minutes on the news. You know I'm trying most everything it doesn't help
I can get out of bed. How about a little bag
I might enjoy that you have one
Now Mo may have left his behind. Looks like the studio for it and maybe it's got a long tube
I see I shouldn't make light of that because people have to wear a bag. I mean, oh, can you even imagine that?
No, I can't
Which reminds me I shouldn't speak ill of the dead but my close-good friend fat rich the duly departed
He he had a couple of incidents cross when you wait like eight thousand pounds like which you did it just you know
It's not conducive to good health
And there were a couple of times when he was wearing one I think one time he admitted it and another time
He didn't but he didn't have to tell me and I'm saying no I don't want to get too graphic. It's a middle of lunch time
But oh you know I'm talking about no no no don't I won't I won't drug diaphragm for you good
I wonder if the queen ever has like really bad. I don't know why you doing this to me. Well, we're doing what?
The radiation
I'm doing what to you talking about the queen and her activities
What are you talking about what are you talking about?
Somebody QA
Hey, and hello
Free thanks. Yes, uh-huh. They're like it was by number two that clown that heard that paid manning bit was on the Bob and Tom show
Oh Bob and Tom show and not on this show
Now come on where you get with it for cross-days
Yeah, we're same thing we're gonna do with you, okay
Come on, I already get with it. It's confusing us with Bob and Tom see Bob and Tom can probably still play some pretty funny stuff
They don't have joy seconds in with it fact. We have some good Bob and Tom bits. We can't play anymore either for example
Hi, Felicia. G. I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable
Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders?
That's one of my very favorites too bad we can't play that either in fact that may have been the thing
Maybe we'll do that tomorrow. We'll play a little bit of all the bits we can't play in fact
We can do that the rest of the year. That's how long that would take let's play just a little bit
Listen to me. It's just stand by and steam for sofa thing. Yeah, see that we can't play that
We can say that though right right like we once had a sponsor recalled so far
Place king
We have to leave like a long call and how many so we did I did so I think they still out there too
Well, there you go W.A. Q.A. M. Hello
Hey, Neil how you doing? Just went to the guy that you know your cable deal. Okay. Okay
That's it. Bye W. Q.A. M. Hello
Q.A. M. What is it?
Needle. Yeah
Where is Neil? You're the good man. Yeah, I am you're right W. Q.A. M. Hello
Not there Q.A. M. Hello
Neil yes sir
That uh Aikman bit you started to play earlier. Can you now play that whole thing either now? Oh sure
Oh, is this a request?
Is this this let me say again. Is this a request?
I'd be comment
You don't want to hear it
I'd love to hear the whole thing. Well, I'm gonna play it a minute. Jesus come
You know you try to do something nice. There's nothing worse than some of you try to do something nice try to be agreeable and uh
You know like whatever he was saying. What was he saying? I don't know
I don't know
You know what I'm saying? No
Now what were you talking about the queen? What are you babbling about? What is it that I'm doing to you about the queen?
I thought you were about to talk about her bathroom business
Why is somebody saying that's an example? That's what I thought that's where I thought you were going
Well, so what their vizzeria make? It's oh, well, I guess it's a royal flush
Oh
Royal flush we wouldn't have a bit by that name. Would we? And now a royal flush. I don't think we can play it. Oh no, we can't
Ha?
That's another guy I'm so glad you said
You some old
Oh
My junior honey
Oh my god
Oh, when the squad of back gets lonely, you ferret he likes, receive his dinner, why?
Some people say that number eight is gay, they say Troy loves the big brown eyes.
Backdome!
He goes down on his knees, Eggman.
Absolute.
His eyes he likes, but please Eggman.
He loves to snap cowboys on their behind.
Backdome!
He's got a spotless reputation.
He's got a good name, a good name, a good name, a good name, a good name, a good name.
But is Troy gay?
I've heard some people say that in the Hubble, he goes down.
Oh, Eggman.
You ferret he goes down on his knees, Eggman.
I can't some balls to squeeze, Eggman.
Don't let him cause he likes it from behind.
Backdome!
I'll say one thing about Troy's boy, they just hooked him up with some blonde broad.
Is the Avermerie him off or something Chris?
I do believe he got married.
I think they did, they married him off.
Because it was a start and a look man, people started talking to him, it was all about commercial endorsements.
And they take you off the NFL pre-game show and a post-game show and all that other stuff.
I'll tell you one other thing about him, we never have any pictures of him with his hand on some young man's crotch like Brady Quinn.
I just mentioned that in passing, that picture, the more you look at it, the more you wonder.
I mean, you know guys like to have goof around and etc.
You know, you're just jealous.
That's not your hand.
On Brady Quinn's crotch?
Yes.
You're right.
1247 at a QA, I'm a Texas Republican Congressman in Volta founding Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan in a floor speech, he delivered yesterday in support of the Iraq War.
Nathan Bedford Forest, successful Confederate General, said it best about winning in victory and the means to do so.
He said, get their first list with the mostest, said Representative Ted Poe, Fabrician Republican of Texas, in a one-minute or four speech at the beginning of Monday session in the House Representatives.
He then called on Congress to fund the war in Iraq.
Congress needs to send the generals the mostest Mr. Speaker needs to send equipment and personnel that is needed.
Doing this will help our mission in spite of the congressional surrender groups desire to retreat and quit he added.
Pollock dot forest history is founder of the Ku Klux Klan and it isn't an addition to fighting on the side of the Confederacy.
Just minor details.
Although he repeatedly denied membership, even lying to Congress, forced in fact led the clans to one of its most violent and successful periods when World Terrorist Sufci did an ruling back in the House of the Ku Klux Klan.
Reconstruction. Reconstruction. Can you believe that?
Go ahead. Hit it.
It's not in there. It's already in the room. We're getting ready to put them on.
Come on, we're going to FedEx it to you when they will dispense it to the authority.
I'll distribute it.
And they'll just pee in their pants.
He even told one newspaper report that while he was no member, he intended to kill radical Republicans according to Southern Property Law Center.
Rule calls heard on the Hill column, which first revealed the speech column also in order to poll in fact misquoted forest,
who had said to get their fastest instead of first.
Tom Hanks titular character in the 1994 Academy Award winning Film Forest Gump, which freely riffs on the controversial chapters in American history, was named after the Confederate General and Klan founder,
Gump's mother named him forest because sometimes we all do things that well just don't make no sense.
Like Go Watch a Movie like that, for example.
So what do we ever decide about Spider-Man 3? We had a very, uh, apparently, the only person that thought it was okay.
And everyone wanted sucks. I meant, the only one in the world.
Well, how could it have made all that money? I guess just because of the hype.
Usually word of mouth, I don't give them any sense with their mouth.
People like to rip, you know, and I stand by what I said. It wasn't long on plot.
It was just not boring. It had a lot of stuff going on.
Yeah, but it's a jubus triangle was making it in there, you said.
As he's in his, uh, uh, like, you know, he was in his surfing. He's in his underwear.
He was in his underwear. Well, that's good enough for me. I wouldn't mind being in his underwear.
Emerging from a cloud of greens. Now, how did he look? Did he look like the old James Franco from when he looked really Christian and his old?
He looked pretty good in there. I thought he looked, he looked just fine and he did a fine job.
I see. Well, you're probably see I, I suckered you in the same ad.
What?
That's right. That's right. You're gay. You're not a kid.
Yeah, but that crap. The wife is gay. It's all a big here. Say you got a fine, right?
What did the wife say? No, the wife and the kid. It's all a beard. It's all an act, you know.
Oh, that hold you. Well, you know, Troy Ackman.
Three hundred and six votes on the pool, which means we got 13 or six.
I think we're going for 1400 total, which means we're going for 400 on this second pool of the day.
What do you think, Chris? Can we?
All right, then. You must have turned yourself off or somebody did.
You back? I hear you. I don't hear him. There you are.
We didn't hear you for a second. We heard about it. Oh, I see.
But you know earlier, I forgot to mention to you on the year earlier, you just dropped out and I looked down and the red light was on in the box.
And I thought, oh, we lost and we did for like a second. We lost the French connection.
Every once in a while, there'll be a drive. I said, where did Chris go?
Yeah, that's what I said. Your answer for everything, isn't it?
Don't wait. When you stop talking about the Queen and her bomb movements, why did you get so bent out of shape about that?
I just didn't want to go there. Yeah, yeah, girlfriend.
Well, why not? It's unsavory because I know that it stinks.
The world movement? No, not the world bomb. I don't care what they say.
Let's not go there. Don't start it again. WQIM. Hello.
I knew. Could you? WQIM. Hello.
Nearly just a little fiber port listening to seven, nine, eight, a ticket.
Not released, that interest is sir. Not the least that interested.
Okay. Don't care. No interest. Not playing that game. Don't waste your time.
5.670560, you see the number come out? Let's see what happens next month when the next trend comes out.
They lose that big January and all of a sudden, oh, gee, what happened?
They did the same thing was it last year. I forget how long they'd been on the air.
Remember they had that one month in the beginning, 18 to 34 men and they had those, you know, a couple of wired diaries and they had the bogus number that disappeared to the medium of the next month?
Oh, that's going to be our target demo. We're going to kick ass 18 to 34 and then of course after that it all vanished.
I mean, what's the use? What's the point? Just desperate. We're not playing that game. At least not an issue. I'm not.
I've been doing this too long. We had too many fakers, too many losers come along trying to play the, oh, gee, we're going to kick me a rarge or is that?
No, you're not. You're not doing it now and you're not going to do tomorrow or two weeks from where you're shown or any other time. Trust me. WQIM, hello.
Yes, sir. What do you mean by that? Well, like winter, she said I can't play this. I can't play that.
Because they're censored because we can't, we got the age of censorship. Have you discovered that? FCC and Joyce.
Now who's Joyce? She's the corporate bitch in Naples, Florida. She's the corporate attorney who has made up her own set of rules, which are far more restricted than the FCC, even in their current fascist mentality and tens.
And you don't have like anything to say about that? Of course not. What do you mean I have something to say about it? I can make a policy for the radio station.
But you have a contract and in the contract it says you can't say this. Contracts is that you're going to abide by all company policy and everybody's contracts is that.
Does your target customer in touch? Yeah, I did tell him customer in touch and they didn't get it because there were a bunch of go-em.
Exactly. Terrible. Let me ask you this. When you go to Whittbine, you say you get a machine. What does that mean? I never heard of that before.
You never heard of slot machines before? I see. I'm so out of touch. I didn't even know they had to buy a machine.
See, I hate to break the news, but for several years now all the all the race tracks in the province of Ontario have they're all race senos, just like you got now finally in Florida. And they all have slot machines.
Did you hear about the new legislation? Did you just approve of Florida? Yes, I did. What did I hear about it? Don't you think I'm on the air every day talking about these things? Don't you think I have my nose in the news?
You definitely do what I've never heard of. I wish me a good machine, man. I'll see you. Do you hear about it, George? About what? I don't know. Whatever he was talking about.
300 lung votes on the pole. He don't know what I'm talking about. Good machine. See, you think I'm going there to bet the horses? I don't know. No.
Look, what can I tell you? Would mine race track? You know, they're assuming it's only horses and man, you talk about a place that just just raking in the dough. They got thoroughbreds in the afternoon, harness racing in the night, slots 24 seven. It's like a money machine.
I should have a scan going like that. A machine. It's sucking in the money. WQ AM. Hello.
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello
Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hi. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Listeners. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. hello. Hello. Hello. Yes.
sanitize which I recognized wasn't your fault and I ended up setting the same
letter to Jolly Bell Rogers or whatever his name is yeah to Bell and I
said I'll go yeah set a copy across the state and I guess they evaporated in
the mail or were stolen because the SOVs that run the operation never
even responded thank you for your call for roll whatever they just disregarded
what I have because they don't care they're not interested in making up the
care but it's a very dangerous because you didn't expose your boob on TV or
anything like that and what people don't like they could turn off the
channel and it's just a noise because let me ask you something why you why
you venting all of this to me is if I don't know these things I know you know
but I just want maybe somebody will hear what he was on the air maybe
they don't care don't you understand this company doesn't care when you're
going to get through your thick skulls or they don't care they're not going to
read your letter they don't care what I think they don't care what George
thinks they sure don't care what Chris thinks they don't care they screwed it
up and now they're gonna fix it not they put for well on the year they put
stern on the air what after they get near lost in their license with for
well which was an act of lunacy I mean I could go through the whole litany of
things again but it's too depressing I don't have any good mood today so it's
screw off that's the South Florida way man we're in a euphoric state and believe
me that ain't the state of Florida there's your boy Bubba my boy and direct
under for are we sure miss him man with without the blue dress we sure miss him
god there was in the farmer who lived on a rock he's adding the metal just
shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick they're feeding the
water their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four
their came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature she sat on the
grass she pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and
white fluffy duck she said she was learning a new way to bring up her children
so they would not spin while the boys in the barnyard were shoveling
refuge and litter from yesterday's hunt while the girl in the meadow was
rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dark he looked like a man with a
size of all home in the country with a big fence out front if he has her
fun like they she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to bits and
maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with the movements so
quick and then she'd bend over and suck on his candy so tasty made a
butter squash and then he spread with cream all over her cookies that she had
left out on her shelf if you think this is dirty you can go grab yourself
one on two at five sixty w q a and boy a little just a little shade of memory here today of what
this show used to be what we used to do and what we used to say and play and that's
said all of these uh all of these things see that's another thing that the
current regime this guy don't see he seems to be oblivious to her maybe he just
pretends or he's just maybe stupid you know shall we go about what about the fact
that once upon a time I mean was a totally different show was a totally
different war was a totally different broadcast world a different universe now it's like
everything is sensitive and we can take you know of course CBS so the with the
I'm this thing that they got burned with the Janet Jackson Justin Tinkerbell they got
burned at the Super Bowl and fine a half a million bucks or whatever it is and then they got
threatened with losing all their licenses and all that stuff and with Stern and Yachty
and uh so now they pee in their pants of everything that's why I'm a Scott can and now you know
what now they're gonna lose 120 million bucks because he's gonna win a lawsuit you'll see okay
I'm about to get 120 million he's gonna win that lawsuit I'm telling you
337 votes on the pool Chris's mighty impressed especially now that he's gazoo
and pooping got a full stomach from a big melting pot lunch today am I right yes
I am the owner of an overactive 337 boy which means he got 1337 all together oh that's
cheating put those two together too bad too stinkin bad oh look at this shawm is got a pool here
I like that that's an excellent pool and he also wrote some comments which we'll get to momentarily
I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive 71 craving for food 60 nothing overactive with me 47
yeah likely story and that's like saying I'm perfect you know I got no uh
nothing you believe that no no fart maker 38 bladder 28 imagine Asian 25
vowel seven vowels 18 it just vowels just move up again
metal disorder 11 sweat glands 10 oh let's talk about the queen and hurrah no it's not
you got all uptight about that I'll just pray a prayer of worth or that you would
that you would selling my impression of her nasty old bitch paranoia 9 nervous system 9
first five impulse to call video talks has been having to say five I guess that want to call
them in to go voted twice hypochondria 2 and thyroid still has got the big oh rock solid
yeah you got a rock solid thyroid out of 343 so we're interested we'll easily get to 1400
that puts a real feather in my cap not all right so this is what shawm has to say for a two
horse race that very was pretty good the other day I admire jockey Kellan Brails dedication but
taking your teeth out to make the weight is a bit extreme yeah good point Sean he didn't look
a day over 100 hey I was happy for the old koot you know if it couldn't have been one of the
really hot young jock he's like heavier costalano hey heavier like then let's have the old koot
with it he did also says shawm I have no grudge against the other pull guys I'm okay with anyone
to contribute to the show my die Charlie B dot com website now it's that that's cute die
Charlie B dot com it's cute not not hysterical all over you I'm in the laughing mood today probably
after I leave wood by not be crying now what does that you mean you got a good machine there I
know what that means I certainly saw our emitter of the American spectator on c span hockeying is
escaped funded book I never saw her to me for but he's a serious classic is he a serious I don't
know who that is you who it says is he a serious classic case or what are emitter well I don't
know who that ever heard of what a fairy it says I think the camera man deliberately took white
shots that showed to Wells very feminine socks I never saw straight not non Cuban with socks
like that before the Cuban guys were funny socks yes plus his list makes trimming
compote sound like very white come on in it it didn't take boo radley this long to come out this
and the poor all right nice going Sean you're a really a redeeming yourself
what are we out here another fact that says hey George I tried calling in the show not too long
go but couldn't get through I just wanted to let you know that you aren't the only person in the
world who likes spidey three I thought it was excellent this coming from somebody who's read
spidey all his life to and I'm planning to sing it again I'd see it again that's it says marco
thank you marco it's much as russia it's a brand a lot of crap into it people said it's
not too much hard to listen to it but I'm not sure where to choose I I'll wait and then I'll
I'm sure I'm looking I'm looking for your pirated copy I watch the sand was never a spider man
fan in the comic books I never read the spider man I didn't buy on my red other people's you know
I read you know why I liked plastic man no problem with that I like plastic man the day for
making a plastic man movie I guess they know it's there no he didn't know yet positive
google it trust I am the be it no why not because I know you know they never made a plastic man movie
I know they never made a plastic man movie based on what based on I haven't seen it
oh I got a headache well I'll tell you one thing you must have gone overboard with the pot
wqym hello I'll turn it down Q a nail yes sir yeah um I was watching this very interesting
documentary the other day about the 9-11 attacks yeah the uh they they were saying that
um there were I mean a lot of it is is very um damaging I guess to the government I mean there
was obvious cover up right and uh but but there's something that they say that I just think is
well I mean they say that a missile came out of the planes before the the the towers they say
that a plane didn't hit the Pentagon but most of the witnesses say that that that a plane did
hit the Pentagon but if they would just stick to the the the most damaging uh things to the
the case like you know what what hit you know no point in how you're less like it's like the who killed
JFK it's like all of these things we'll never know the truth well that's what the government does
best they cover things up they do it they they they may be inept in every other respect we'll
want to come to covering things up they do a fabulous job great job at that well I got news for
you if Hillary Clinton uh becomes the president of serious weren't serious trouble amen all right
see you well bye he's serious I was figuring out for the next president white house hopeful
Barack Obama yesterday rebuke giant US automakers over gas gas and cars warning they had themselves
to blame for cornwalls after racing to build bigger faster vehicles the Democratic Senator
traveled to the industry hardland in Detroit the war in America could no longer sustain bloated
energy consumption I made a plan to encourage auto companies to build more fuel efficient cars
by the way the new Corvette gets 28 miles a gallon I just thought I'd mention that
mm-hmm in fact my vets get to the fine mileage I have no problem it's not again most people probably
think that Corvettes are gas settlers right they are not okay the auto industries refusal
rack for a long time is left admired in a predicament for which there's no easy way out of
Obama said but expensive to do is no longer an excuse or failure to do we say becoming the latest
presidential candidate to call for energy policy before um well dependency corrupt emerging
democracies jeopardized US security and harms the planet Obama said fine with senior Hillary
a senator Hillary Clinton uh from uh lesbian on for time building the Democratic White House field
for the sake of our security our economy our jobs and our planet the age of world must end at our
time Obama told the Detroit economic club also noted that auto workers union is also resisted
change for years while foreign competitors were investing in more fuel efficient technology
for their vehicles American auto makers were spending much of their time investing in bigger faster
cars the result was he said while US cars typically average around 27 and a half miles a gallon
Japanese vehicles that surpassed American centers in average of 45 miles to the gallon
he pledged to strike a bargain with auto manufacturers by offering tax incentives to help them
upgrade plants to produce more fuel efficient vehicles and help the free healthcare cost for
workers if firms invested in the wage technology and and at the same time I'm passing that along to
you which gas prices new record highs experts say thank you mr president for these low gas prices
by the way experts say four dollar a gallon gasoline is just around the corner oh my god
I think it's going to happen said Phil Flynn secure senior marketing listed aleron trading in
Chicago unless things changed dramatically he'd be saying I think we're going to see four dollars
a gallon oh my god already president california average three forty eight a gallon according to
the motorist organization triple A and one service station in San Francisco is charging three
ninety five according to gas buddy dot com a handy site that lists the cheapest most expensive gas
stations by a civilian state across the country gas buddy dot com refinery problems and strong
demand are the two main reasons cited for the runoff prices had a record high of three oh seven
a gallon according to the one brew survey release Sunday refinery output in the US has been
below normal for several months now and after fires next ends combined with longer than normal maintenance
shutdowns hurting production Peter butel and oily listed consulting from Cameron Hanover noted in
recent report that refineries have an operated above ninety five percent capacity before
hurricane's Rita and Katrina in 2005 before 2005 the refineries clustered around the
Gulf Coast and badly damaged in the storms routinely operated over ninety five percent capacity
Flynn said gasoline stocks have fallen for the past 12 weeks straight and are now at their
lowest level for this time of the year since nineteen fifty freaking six fifty six this all comes
just as the nation years up for the summer driving seasons for abot vacation families and students
out of school school how do you like that four bucks a gallon baby so we got an eighteen gallon
pack that's only seventy two bucks to fill her up bargain wow what a deal I mean you can drive
the work every day and at home is that pathetic or what thank you mr. price and for the
first price is you know I'd like to find that kid remember that call high you ever forget
right a real punk a real smart ass right wing self hating fact punk after the rack attack you
know like we're gonna have all the uh... we're gonna get all the raki oil and uh...
gase is gonna be a bucket of half a gallon and all this other crap right
even over there they can't get uh... you see him standing on line cluster dying like flies but
other than that his heart is very heavy about those poor people in Kansas his heart is heavy
this aren't so heavy about all those dead people of thirty three hundred american troops in the
rack and the hundreds of thousands of raki people it's not so heavy
and of course if you look at Laura's boy a lower bush in that picture
you can see she's holding a heavy load
wow man
three hundred and sixty five on this pool which means a total of thirteen crisis confidence
that we're gonna get to fourteen aren't you yes well i try to put that you know give you something
you know for a little something and give you credit for it why thank you three sixty seven thirteen
sixty seven our goal is fourteen hundred after which i'm going to would buy and find a good
horse how young is too young
me
me
me
my child
my lawyer says it's worth quite a while
or so
you fail
because i've been looking around when excuse to explain my
you can't recognize me
my doctors have bleached out my acne
and i keep children around
and they sleep inside my bed
and people say that i am gay
gay
that is why i'm having people
memory
i'm getting it
it's way too late to compensate with this song
that's really bad
blame it on my child
you
don't have those toys that i never had
you only see i show in my life what my child
and i'm used to
before you judge me
and call me freaking
let me find and hold
and say
i believe in all my child
once twenty five sixty wq and we've decided on this show
urged by george especially screw you joys we're going to play it all okay
we're playing it all we're not
am i right i'll see you on the right station
oh brother only the beesleys could find a bitch like that you know
twenty past one at five sixty wq i've had to achieve farce the entire
all the naples like uh you know it starts swooning
i imagine
rower circuit judge Lawrence quarter the judge
spotted by poli smoking marijuana under a tree c-i-t-t
highest-fellet s-i-t-t-i-n-g
in a public park apologize for his actions in court yesterday morning
he might get uh
tourists wearing a dark pinstrap suit in the yellow stripe tie quarter 49
face drugs Nelson Bailey
it went to public apology
court who briefly heard arguments and cases involving
i don't care by ending the call i'm tired of that
most do twenty five hours of community services already finished a drug
now call course city knows he may face additional sessions from the
judicial qualifications commission why is it every time we hear about any
story well he was uh... heard arguments in the end i'm tired of and in a
call i'm tired of her i'm tired of her i'm tired of the baby that's still
alive i'm tired of how it's during the the fake one
all this stuff
although i make no excuse for my actions i've attempted to demonstrate my
sincere contrition remorse and acceptance of responsibility by taking a
voluntary leave of absence from i do initial duties until this matter is
resolved before the judicial qualifications committee read from the
and he said anybody got uh...
what
the joint
courted into the plan on killing is a remanaged week that this business in
america with it
also i'm so tired of it
so tired of this juvenile attitude there's there's murderers that you know
serve like a couple years of a sentence to get turned back on the street
and travel history and all this other stuff but if you've got a little bit of
pot if you got a pin joint like clearance freaking token Thomas
then uh... you know that crap
bony bony bony bony bony man
coke on this
faker you
hypocrite
as long as court is successfully completes the conditions including random
monthly drug test
twenty five hours of community service next to smithy charges will be dropped
this tends to exceed the punishment that would normally be imposed as a
training michael dotco told the judge
in a st stream of session for first-time offender
the hearing was over in about ten minutes and court left with duck co
to go smoke a big fat one i'm sure
what is the big deal with this he was charged with the first degree misdemeanor
after how many would please say this morning
so i'm smoking marijuana to park in march at the time court was given a
citation and notice to appear in court
we can't use all kind of that one and then and then
police state baby that's what it's all about it's a freaking police state
so i'm america
in fact is not another christmas stuff police got my part yes it is
it is it's somewhere it's under ex-miss
hey you better get with it mister you'd let me down and i'm not paying anything
that's just because it's a lot of time bit we don't have it although they
probably would give it to us you know they love all the
they love me
i'm not gonna play the whole thing
it's a christmas gift with Christ say
three eighty four i'm full about thirteen eighty four told the day
and we're kicking ass police got my time there you ask enough that's enough
we're kicking ass our own of course and that's because of fat ass Joe he's into big
kicking ass he doesn't get it he thinks he understands the show he thinks he
knows something about it he hasn't got a clue
what we do what we used to do what we can't do no more and he know it's the
typical radio way hey uh go on there and make magic for us you know
don't go this and don't do that and certainly don't say this and don't play
that you know don't do anything but don't do much
amazing but it is a big number in there we know you're gonna have a big humongous
april rye sure we are way to get this next story as soon as i
refresh this baby because i want to see when we get to that fourteen
numbered and you'll see it's still three eighty four that's not good
we need sixteen more votes to get to four hundred i'm the second pool maybe if i
read the thing but i'm not gonna
goldmins made bid on oj's if i did it book
the family of murder victim Ron Goldman hopes the federal bankruptcy judge in
Florida will clear the way for them to bid on the rights
to oj simpsons canceled if i did it book so they can publish their own version
of golden attorney city yesterday our realistic question is to require the
book rights ultimately we package them and put it out commercially said the
lawyer david cook confessions of a double murderer is the working title
how do you like that i like that a lot better than uh... if i if i don't it or
whatever it was confessions of a double
murder oh man since it was in the kennel is maintained as in a
since it's ninety five to be better but about the golden family however one
ninety seven wrongful that says big and since and it's not grown to about
thirty eight million in the Florida bankruptcy case the goldmins claimed that
the entity called the rain book associates was essentially a shell
used in the ocean if i did book deal between simpson harbor collins
the project which was also envision a simpson television interview on fox
oh man was canceled november on mid intense public outcry they were uh... shrieking
and screaming and given a big your shry and rightfully so the book was built as a
speculative tale about how the murders might have occurred but simpson said in
later interviews was mostly about his relationship with his wife you know the one
that he beat the crap out of
co-ent killed co-cute there about ten completed chapters including one with
gruesome details about the purported murders documents found the case show that
lba was controlled by simpson's children and include a letter from simpson harbor
college acknowledging that lba has the right to enter the agreement and
bind me personally the terms of the book deal
harbor collins acknowledged paying simpson about eight hundred eighty grand for
the book but co-cute said the goldman family is interested in trying to get
that money and study said the goal is for the book rice control by lba to be
auctioned and for the goldmins to place the winning bid then write their own
the truth another one every choice we have now is bad this is the least
terrific co-cute said money is justice and for justice we go see you know who
first u.s bankruptcy judge eight jay crystal must agree that friend goldman
wrong goldman's father as any claim on lba assets a judge in california's rule that
lba was a surrogate for simpson but the issue is still pending in the float of
bankruptcy and here in yesterday crystal did rule that simpson's oldest daughter
are now must give a definition in the case and then lba must turn over detailed
financial documents to a court appointed trustee and goldman's lawyers the
attorney representing lba a kindrick whittle didn't appear at the hearing didn't
return telephone calls to you can come about fifty minutes before the hearing
wants to start with all filed an emergency notice for delay crystal ordered
whittler remaining contact with the other lawyers in the case who come
complain yesterday that he's been virtually unreachable by phone that order
crystal said should be handled over to widows office it's certainly not
proceeding in a professional and civil manner crystal set of widows actions
he dasbs lena goldman family members appear at yesterday's hear
for I recall the day homicide
a broncare and he won't confess
I don't care what they say cause O'Jay, but it her where we love
It happens so soon on the 12th of June and O'Jay ran away from that bloody mess
I don't care what they say cause O'Jay, but it her where we love
Oh my God, I have waited one or one but I see he's still on trial
It goes on and never ends as it does I know that O'Jay murdered them
Lock him up please and throw away the keys
It's the game of the claims of his innocence
I don't care what they say cause O'Jay murdered her where we love
It happens so soon on the 12th of June and O'Jay murdered them
I don't care what they say cause O'Jay murdered her where we love
Are you sure? That's the gloomy
He did it Chris, he got four on eight
I have a little bit of a little lunch here, a little salami and some Swiss cheese
Not craft by the way, but it pleased you
Well if you had all that fondue from the melting pot, why can't I have a little something so
Well no cheese this time remember? But yes, what do you mean?
We just had to meet if you recall
Well I got my meat and cheese, I do like that
I'm gonna die later
Yeah, pretty good too
I got my master, General Salami
Salami the genus in French
Sands lactose, Sands lactose
How could Salami have lactose in anyone?
You'd be surprised
What do you mean by that?
All they put lactose in all kinds of things I imagine
Oh, ff!
And I got my cheese slices which are just loaded with lactose
I'm not lactose intolerance because if I were to be dead
Right, I just love cheese
I don't think there's gonna be anybody in the world who's cheese more than I do
I'll kind of cheeses
Cheeses are probably assy-ago, man
If anybody ever had anything as good as a piece of assy-ago cheese
And you remember what that guy said in the Godfather?
Jack Walz
He was beautiful
He was young, he was innocent
He was the greatest piece of ass I ever had
And I've had him all over the world
That's pretty same
I was just before he found the horse's head and his back
Piece of horse
This is really good
See, this is excellent because now this is my lunch
I have my bacon for breakfast, this is my lunch
Then I go to wood vinyl and lose my lunch
What are you gonna do with that?
Gonna find a good machine?
Seriously, between a guy, I don't know which was better
That guy, or the guy who said yesterday, he saw the president of Sirius on TV
So that guy, the Sirius guy?
The Sirius guy, meaning Sirius
Sirius?
Yeah, he was Sirius
And that's the best part of it is he was Sirius, he's an idiot
WDQYM, hello
Hey, Neil, how are you doing, Charlie?
Okay, sir
Daniel, that thing that you just played
The real song was T2 Guys
What was the name of the group?
Peter and Gordon, world without love
I heard something that the Beatles wrote that song
They did
That is correct, that is absolutely correct, sir
Man, you've got your thumb right on it
Oh, I sure, you have a good day, alright?
Capital records, too, by the way, Peter and Gordon, the world without love
I played that on here when I was a disjurkey
Now I'm just a jerky
I'm not answering that line nine, by the way, in fact, I may never answer it again
I should probably give that number out
I don't even know what that number is
That's the toll free number
You know what it is?
Yeah, 877
Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute
I'm about to throw it on
Aww, huh?
I'll stop
What would I just do?
This thing's been sitting there so nicely for five years
Did you just mong?
No, no, I just pulled the thing over there and I ripped the appends
It's okay
1-877
785
6345
Well, who the hell would remember a number like that?
Not me, that's why we did off the post-it note
Oh
Let me take that back on here again
Ah, this is not good, man
I don't like the way that came out
Bastard
Anyway, 1-877785
6345
Because online that's the toll free line like if you're in Palm Beach
We're like in Chicago or in Canada when you're somewhere like that
Because all we get now online when we do that
That's all we get
What?
That's a prize
Oh yeah, what a shock, that's why I punched it up
Because there is no doubt
That's what we get
Ah, where was that?
Do the heck of a job on that jolly joke
Let me tell you, you and your Sherlock Holmes crowd
And to hold the guns in a shoulder
That should go screening
Yeah, oh yeah, love the screenness, okay?
Screenness
W-Q-A-M, hello
Yeah, do you know how the gate channel is there?
I got a gate
W-Q-A-M, hello
Hey, did you know 50s actor Johnny Zamora?
50s Western?
The Samar?
Ronnie Zamora
Johnny, Johnny Zamora
Ronnie Zamora, he's got out, Ronnie Zamora
W-Q-A-M, hello, nice going, Ellis
Man, can you believe it's May 8th at already the first
Q-D-Copical Storm is on its way to Florida
It is?
Yes
When is that?
It's off the coast of Georgia and Jacksonville, Florida right now
That's a South Florida
It's huge
Not the South Florida, sir
It's on its way
Yeah, you're on your way, okay?
You're on your way to a mental institution, it's on its way
What is that man talking about? Do you have any idea?
I mean, let me go through the rail
I...
Better not miss with our ballgame Thursday, I'll say to that
Oh, boy
I already looked it up, we're safe
Don't sweat it
Good
My name is Ray Dar, okay?
Ray Dar image from the Mimey from the National
Who's the Director now?
Oh, look at that, there's some spotty crap around
Look at that, West... that's all ground clutter
There's no rain, is it raining? No
And you wouldn't know anyway
Right
Let me hit the loop
The loop-de-loop
Oh yeah, there is some crap, some showers off in the Everglades
Into the West
And, you know, I don't know if that's real rain or not
I guess South... South Dade
It's raining over there
Well, what the hell is that all about? It's not supposed to rain
Don't tell me the weather forecast has screwed up
We can't afford any rain on Thursday
Let me just tell you right now if there's any problem with that game on Thursday
It'll be on
Chris is on, Chris is on it
It'll be just...
Both of you guys, you're on
It's the Georgian-Criscio
You can get West's name, you can get your boyfriend in there
Who's that?
Josh
Oh yeah
Daro
W-Q-Y-M, hello
Daro, tell me your rain
W-Q-Y-M, hello
Q-Y-M, hola
Rookie, want to play basketball or leave like...
W-Q-Y-M, hello
Hello, Neil?
Yeah
How you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir
I like your shot of David working on walk-a-graphics
Yeah, shout this
W-Q-Y-M, shout it out, Q-Y-M, hello
Yeah, I'm holding for DJ Lad
W-Q-Y-M, hello
Hello, Neil?
Yeah, that's it, that was the car, I knew it was the car
I thought maybe he just might, but that was it
He shot all his energy, he shot his...
Oh, sorry, Joyce
Both, W-Q-Y-M, hello
Not rain, it's Jesus, keep the hand
20-till-2 at 5-60 W-Q-Y-M, we got the Mandel coming at 2
We got the Humper coming at 4
He's, we're trying to start a campaign to see if we can't keep Hank alive
At least for the rest of the Triple Crown anyway
W-Q-Y-M was telling me he looked like puffed up like a Bufo totor something on his handspin
And emailed it, you got
I know what it was, you're so touchy today, man
First about the Queen, look at that now
Oh, that's not a problem, it's just a problem, it's just a problem
Just relax, relax, we're having a fun Tuesday here, man
Boys leaving my relationship with Hank
Oh, God
From the makers of Manny 911 and Supernanny
Comes a Hollywood twist on this show, entitled Celebrity Nanny
Join us in episode 1 as we bring in Alec Baldwin
Alec, please do a shout out
That's exactly what he's going to do to this suburban couple's little girl
with his somewhat controversial Nanny Inc. style of calling the child names
You are a rude, robust little kid
Watch as Alec plays forward games with a little girl
Then acts like a really sore loser when she wins all the time
You've made me feel like sh**
And you've made me feel like a fool
Over and over and over again
Alec takes losing board games very personally
You've been salted me for the last five
As he then refuses to play anymore
I'm tired of playing this f**king damn game with you
Alec tells the girl that he would play other games with her
Except there's just one little problem
You don't have to blame for the dee-nessy
As a human being
Is yelling at a child like this inappropriate?
Alec sure doesn't think so
I don't give a damn that you're 12 years old
Or 11 years old
Or that you're a child
I don't eat the most interesting style of Nanny ever
I'm gonna really make sure you get what a real little fake you really are
Join Alec Baldwin as our very first ever Celebrity Nanny
I made an ass of myself
Yes, yes you have
147 and who cares you know I'm so sick and tired
That's why I've played that because everybody's all whipped up about that
It's either an in the cool or it's Alec Baldwin
Only Kim Jong-il should care about Alec Baldwin
Because he's got him and he don't know what to do with him
434 Chris, 1434 to day total
It doesn't like it because it's two different pulls
I don't know a problem with that
Well good
Oh bad news, a bearded Arctic CEO captured yesterday in the tarp and river in Fort Lauderdale
Died late this morning at SeaWorld in Orlando
He died
Should we all sit around and say, Cutish for the Assume?
You know why he died? Well I'll get to this in a second
I like Cutish cheese
The 6 foot 300 pound bearded seal was between two and 300 pounds underweight
And severely dehydrated though veterinarians will know if the animal had an underlying disease as well
Until any crops used on later today
Last night it was very depressed
And we saw more of that this morning said Chris Dole they stepped out at the park
Unfortunately the animal became even more unresponsive
And we had to try to resuscitate him but we could not
It became depressed, you want to know why?
Why?
Because it started out in wherever the hell it was and it wound up in South Florida
Wouldn't you be depressed? Sure
And it said
I'm dying over here
The seal arrived in Orlando last night and the hopes he could be rehabilitated for return to the wild but he died
Wildlife officials rescued the seal in Fort Lauderdale's Tarpon River Monday
Thousands of miles from its icy home waters
If you start out in the Arctic and you wind up in Fort Lauderdale
Oh geez I'd be depressed
Restewers kept to the seal which had bumps and bruises but didn't appear to have any major trauma in the late afternoon
The old said the mammal's feeding patterns are most likely off because it was so far from his natural element
The seal would have gotten most of his hydration from his food foraging for crustaceans and bottom feeding fish
Being out of his natural element being dehydrated I think the animal was just too far gone
The old said the seal appeared to have been the proper length from the old male that goes on and on and on
And like yeah
That's what we care about in Fort Lauderdale
We care about people too much but we care about manatees and bearded whatever this thing was
What was it a bearded seal?
Yes
Well I mean that's sad you know I'm an animal lover but never really big on bearded seals were you?
I didn't know they had them
Well I didn't either I'll be till today
We thought I found them now and now he's dead
And you wanted to why?
Because why do you go to South Florida to die?
That's right
That's why he showed up there
See they're acting like it's some big mystery
That's why every creature goes to South Florida to die
Now if you actually started off there you know obviously you want to get out before that happens
Get out
438 votes on the pool
Let's take a look at what we got here
I am the owner of an overactive blank
Sex drive 96
Oh that's pulling away
Sex drive is moving into the lead
Craving for food 75
Nothing overactive with me 63
We believe you not
Fartmaker 49
See now I'm you know it's kind of interesting because what is the appropriate Fartmaker?
Well what's the right level?
I don't know what's the right level
5 a day or 20 a day
Yeah a couple 3
Around the real people
There you go
I know I can't stop
Sweat glands 15
Mental disorder 13 speaking of the Queen
Paranoia 12
Nervous system 10
Impulse to call radio talk shows but nothing to say 7
Well I think that number ought to be a little bit higher
First 6 hypochondria 2 and thyroid still out of 439 votes has got the big
Nobody even the fantasy cows aren't using that as an excuse anymore
Even being fat most of my life I'm I'm I used to laugh at people they'd have these TV shit like
Corraldo TV shows what would they bring on the 400 pound guy or woman oh well
I've got an overactive thyroid yeah right
As long as I live I'll never forget the show where a horado head that they showed the guy weighed like 600 or 700 pounds
Mm-hmm and he was surrounded by his fat family
Ooh and they all kept bringing food he couldn't get out of bed they had a they had to physically remove him from the bed through a crate with a
Crane through the roof in the house
That's a true story they had to remove him with a crane yeah
They couldn't get him out the dough and they showed all these people sitting around his bedside crying
While they were eating yeah, like in Faso, you know, they're all still better right? That's right
Just like when down takes the little piece of bread
He dumps it in the sauce and the spaghetti sauce and he dips it in the parmesan cheese and he takes a little bite
And he's been crying about his dead cousin and they went to wake or whatever the hell it is and all of a sudden like oh almost and he feels pretty good
You know he's got a big smile on his horse
Hey, Dom you're fairy that's a good movie he hasn't seen Faso
You got to go see that after you finish watching standing in the shadows of a Motown
Yeah, I guess in my I guess I got to go what you're gonna send me the copy how long before spider-man 3 I'm looking
Already
Oh man, you don't waste any time. I'll take that let's go back to the previous full we had today about Stephen movies
I spend much more money on media than I would ever take
For everyone I take I buy two or three so
You know what Joey Sazza says you don't want to give I'll take
That five finger deal again
The life can get convoluted in a lot of different ways. I want to thank my guests today
Now you're the one who was betrayed. Yes, and you're the partner who strayed from your relationship
Of course and how many times have you been with another woman since you've been married more than a thousand
Okay, why Hillary was a great ride but not good enough sounds that make you feel very very ugly
She says he started gagging at the side of her body flabby stomach sagging chest stretch marks. She was a pig. Hey
She spent 20 grand on plastic surgery hoping her husband would only have eyes for her
Yes, but she says it wasn't enough to keep him faithful no because you've cheated since the surgery, right?
I couldn't stop now this woman that you were with Monday night. This was three women three all at one time
Of course, okay. I never wanted that night to end
Are you listening to this yeah, you got a serious decision to make he believes he should be allowed to cheat when he gets bored
You need to get a divorce and move on are you willing to do that? Are you absolutely not?
Can you understand he was with somebody Monday night you bet I did Hillary was all for it
In fact, I procured women for bill. I was so proud of her. Okay. I mean are you cool with it? Yes, if not I would be gone
