For a thousand reasons, they saw.
Now, from the channel 10, I witness my gifts at the queue and...
Hey, where's Ann going?
What's she doing with that machine gun?
Oh my god, where's the light?
She was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence.
Now, she wants to write the rules and rewrite the news in...
Ann, oh, starring Ann, Bishop!
Don't kill me, please!
I'll see you tonight at 5.611.
Stop!
Ann, oh, she took the news into her own hands!
What are you guys doing to me when I get through with you?
There won't be enough of you left to make a good two-kate for Don No.
Ann, oh, the bullet!
Starring Ann, Bishop!
Also starring Carl Withertons as Dwight Clutternail!
And Don No.
There's a stationary crowd over the midway!
Ann, Bob! She's re-roasted the news!
Ann, Bob!
In the night, my door!
Ann, Bishop or a janitorino?
That was an old trivia question, but now that Ann is sleeping with the fishes,
or that Sandy Peyton ran off with her body,
now, how do I sign them? Am I cutting out at all?
No, you sound great, man!
I sound great? Well, I always sound great.
Somebody's great at others. When you're a legend, you have a hand with a sounding pretty great.
But, uh, see, George is out sick this weekend. I mean, George is out of vacation this week!
He would be sick!
He might be sick. He's sick a lot!
Well, now you sound okay!
Oh, really? What do you mean he's sick a lot?
Are you picking on poor George again?
I'm not picking on like 10 seconds, and you're picking on poor little George!
What I tell you, Chris, he wants the job!
Oh, he definitely does!
No, you're cutting out now. Bad.
Now, do we know if it's on the ear like that?
Because the last segment there wouldn't, uh,
I don't know, Miguel will come in and tell us, uh,
I know he listens in his office. He's the only one who listens!
And you just cut out again there.
So, I sure hope it's not on the ear like that.
If it's just me, I can listen!
After all of these years, after putting up with this garbage,
I can put up with almost anything.
You can adapt.
I'm pretty adaptable and flexible and malleable,
a malleable old queen.
But as far as this other stuff.
So, what's the story?
Does anybody know was it on the ear?
Nobody's come in yet, but, uh, I'm guessing we're okay on the ear.
I'm guessing.
Because you're cutting out really bad.
And during the Bo camp or Gildi thing there,
oh, let me tell you just, you so-called Panther fans,
and Denise Potpan, and you talk about DF, dumb frogs.
Dumb, freaking frog.
I watched the, uh, the total collapse of the Panther's last night.
Just after the Leafs were collapsing in New York against the Rangers,
so I wouldn't want to watch that.
Seven of two.
So I watched the Panthers blow the lead against Carolina.
And every time the Panthers are going to penalty,
oh, geez, we got robbed!
And it's only officials.
And everybody's just a crybaby now.
No matter how flagrant, how obvious the penalty is.
And, you know, they blow the lead in regulation,
which, first of all, they had a 3-1 lead.
I don't want to get hockey intensive,
but it's just so frustrating to me.
So stupid.
And there's a flagrant penalty, a tripping penalty called
in overtime, which is unusual over time penalties,
but it was flagrant. It was obvious.
And now Eddie DeBiegel.
Eddie Belfour is upset because he thought it was a dive
by the Carolina player.
And so he comes out, and he's doing the swan dive.
He's skating all across the earth.
And Denise Potpan perhaps the dumbest frog on the face of the earth says,
oh, don't you love that?
That's really great.
It was so great that he got an unsportsman like extra two minutes
and during the 5-on-3,
my old buddy Ray Whitney scores the winning goal,
and they lose an overtime that are out of the playoffs.
Nice going, Denise. You silly ass frog.
And so now they show when the game is over,
and Carolina's won the game in overtime.
It's the so-called fans, and it was the term so-called.
They're even all kinds of crap out of the ice.
And Denise is saying, well, you know,
you really can hardly blame them.
By the way, a buddy in mind just threw me a text,
and we sound okay on the air.
Well, we know it's sound okay here,
but your buddy's saying, what text will that's good?
I'm glad to hear that, because just now you cut out
when you said, a buddy, me a text.
So I'm assuming I'll film the blanks,
send me a text.
That's correct.
No.
Fill in the blanks.
We'll just let you go with it, man.
We'll see when you come up with.
No problem. I'm so used to the crap in this place.
I mean, and then they're telling me,
oh, fix it. He's giving me, well, if you unplug the Atello's box,
and if you, yeah, like it's on this end, okay?
Nothing gets messed up on this end on the weekends.
It's always in that place when they come in.
It's like a jungle gym.
It's like they let a bunch of, a 50, a bunch of 50 little kids in there,
like in a jungle gym, and they're playing with this and yanking with that,
and there's a lot of yanking going on there.
That's what I think.
By the way, they're trying to get a hold of that engineer to come out to your place, I think.
For what?
I guess they think that the problem is on that end.
Well, one thing, tell me that.
Maybe I'll put my clothes on if the engineer's coming out here.
I don't want to be here.
That'd be good, right?
It's a sure, it's when that'd be a good idea.
Can you imagine?
I don't think, I don't think it's on the end of the thing.
I don't think it is on the send.
I don't think it is either.
Well, you can come out there and wiggle your wires and see how it goes.
I don't want him to wiggle anything, okay?
Believe me, not that engineer.
Not any engineer.
I've never met an engineer in my life.
I want to have a wiggle in anything in mind.
I guarantee you that.
All right, let's pretend we're doing a show, okay?
And then during the break, I'll run and put some clothes on.
They're trying to get a hold of the engineer, right?
What's he going to do that I couldn't do?
I'm sorry.
Am I supposed to answer that question?
What is he going to do as far as plugging, unplugging?
First of all, it was on his hand.
How come I sound so good?
How come I'm not cutting out?
That's a good point.
Man, that is an excellent point.
It's usual.
How come the eight million other times that the problems have always, you know,
they've always started on that end.
They originated down there.
But of course, it must be here.
It must be something a little kneeled in.
I'm sure of that.
Maybe they can sign John McCain here.
He's a good at problem solving.
He says that the U.S. Iraq security in the capital is working to crack down
and Americans like to full picture the progress.
Things are going great, man.
We can actually walk out as there's a block we found where we go outside for like five minutes and I'll get killed.
Meanwhile, the U.S. military later reported after he got through talking all that crap.
A six soldiers were killed in roadside bombing southwest of Baghdad.
That's how that security is going.
Two of the soldiers killed Saturday for this day.
Yes, they would appear to be coordinated attacks.
The four soldiers died as they were responding to the first explosion which killed the first two.
Indicating the attacks to a place in the last minute of Saturday and surely after midnight on Sunday.
John McCain said everything is coming up roses, baby.
Everything is just really nice.
So what do you tell me they're trying to get a whole new engineer to come out here and do what?
Well, those are the last things they said to me.
I don't know if they got a hold of him or he will be coming out there, but that's what they said.
I see.
Here's the pull from Friday.
They hate to pull today.
Sorry Charlie.
Charlie B that sends in the eight million polls and send in to Charlie.
Let me just say this to you.
I appreciate all your work.
You're real whoever you are.
Charlie B.
This guy sends in about 15, 20 to...
This is his new occupation.
He creates polls for the show, which is wonderful.
But trying to find some polls that are about something beside...
If Neil farts the wrong flavor and elevator,
would you cough and make a lot of noise?
Would you run out of the elevator and kill yourself?
Yeah, it just stopped already with that Charlie.
I don't want you to get all sensitive and like that, but cut the crap.
You think he'll get sensitive if I say cut the crap?
Yeah, I just said it.
Here's the pull from Friday.
I enjoy it most when Neil gets...
See, there's Neil again.
Neil, Neil, Neil, Neil.
Charlie, I'm sure you're not my type.
Okay, just go away.
I enjoy it most when Neil gets blank intensive.
Politics intensive, 640.
Well, I just got through talking about John McCain.
They should be real happy.
What a bozo he is, a jackass, an a-hole.
Religion 394.
Oh, happy paysock.
Make sure you're eating the mocks of now.
Lots of butter and salt, baby.
It'll kill you.
Like eating cardboard.
I enjoy most when Neil gets station management intensive.
Like when the engineering is all screwed up like today again, 254.
I hate this 413.
Only 6%.
Wait till you see how many he had to pull today, Charlie.
When Neil gets sex intensive 109, what's that going to start?
Rating's intensive 103.
Food 80, hockey 76.
I already gave you your hockey talk about what a bunch of stupid fans there are.
Show him crap all over.
Denise, pot fans, egg in a mom.
Oh, you can hardly blame the mohohohohohoho.
You're an idiot, Denise.
Not in a father intensive 69.
And my space intensive way down to the last only 33.
They hate that stuff.
Man, good news.
What?
It's a little shocking.
I remember they used to like it.
I guess they got sick.
You're cutting out and out of the point.
I hear like maybe two words.
Okay.
That's how bad it is.
Well, what do you think I saw?
I mean, people on the air, I guess, can hear what you're saying.
All the way I have my doubts about that.
But maybe your friend is stoned off his ass.
I have no idea.
Probably.
Anyway, we have 1500 MySpace friends.
How do you like that?
Pretty good.
Aren't you proud of that?
Now, what I'm going to do is take the break a little bit early now,
because I want to put some clothes on.
Because I don't want to be sitting here in my boxers shorts when the engineer
from other fan shows up here.
That would be bad.
I walked in there and there was this needle sitting there naked.
And I wondered what that was all about.
Yeah, they hate to pull to the trail.
I don't want to take it personal trail.
Holy mackerel!
This is Joe Bohr in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
Who may I ask as the father?
Haven't been dead for a long, long time.
There's no circus here, my friends.
I see your grave.
People are standing in line.
Well, when you kick the bucket,
a Howard and Larry cry.
They could go ahead on themselves pretty well.
There's going to get any limb,
even though Howard tried.
There's a bumpy ride like the old west.
Gonna do a budget test to find out who's a bu-
I'm going to review this.
It's your DNA from a chicken of butts.
Every day is a mere adventure.
Open use to fire rings.
Wrinkly dudes with lots of lame.
You will win, we all agree.
There's more drugs than a pharmacy.
Get your DNA.
From a chicken of butts.
It's crazy.
What?
You got to open the box.
Get your DNA from a box.
Three.
You got to close the box.
This is how we do it.
I'm trying to find out who's a chicken of butts.
Chicken of butts.
We've heard of chicks with f-
But this chicken of butts.
Now, the good news is I just had my own spy report
from somebody who I know and trust in has got an IQ large in there.
And he said it sounds fun on the ear.
Okay.
Eric said the same thing as well as my friend said that.
When a year friend, so that's what I'm saying.
Who the hell cares about that?
Well, Eric also said it too.
Oh, Eric also said it.
How does Eric know?
Eric is listening online.
Is it in Orlando?
How to help with Eric?
I guess it sounds online.
I guess it sounds online.
Well, that's good.
We don't have any dropouts online.
And I guess that's all the more reason for me to just...
Even though we're delighted to have Josh with us this week,
at least through...
I'll just keep eating my how he's saying what you want.
I mean, no big deal.
That would be good.
And that would be the excuse for why I'm here to drop us.
Well, I got my shirt in my walking shorts on now,
just in case the engineer comes tapping on my door.
In fact, you know what?
I probably ought to unlock the door.
I mean, wouldn't it be nice if they would tell me if he's coming up here or something?
So, I would know.
Listen, I don't know that he is.
They just said that they were going to call him and try to get him out there.
Yeah.
Because they're convinced that it's something on this end.
Obviously, let me say to you again.
I sound as pristine.
This old queen sounds clean and pristine.
How do you like that?
Huh?
I don't want to be mean, but nevertheless, I'm going to be...
Nice!
...about it.
They're full of crap.
What do I know?
It's possible it's something on this end.
Phone is working.
Oh, look at this.
Q-I-M.
Sounds fine on the air.
Okay, thank you.
So, it sounds fine on the air.
There's no dropouts.
There's our third confirmation.
Happy paysoft, by the way.
Well, maybe it has something to do with Passover.
You think?
Perhaps.
Maybe it's a Jewish thing.
Pass it over.
Let's take a look at that award-winning pool today from Charlie Beard that they hate like poison.
I don't even know why I put this one on here.
You know, I've got a pile of like 600 pools here that he and other people have sent it.
I don't know.
I don't think there was anything that bad about it.
But the boy, they hate it like poison.
You think that somebody poisoned their masa today.
Well, that would be a good, wouldn't that be a good scare to put on the air like that would dump you a good idea?
Get all the Jews really upset.
Poison, masa!
Don't even say it.
God has pissed off, man.
Okay, when you vote, I hate this pool.
What are you really saying?
That's the pool question.
Now, do you think that's a bad question?
Yes.
You went, yes.
Okay.
Yeah, that's the way I'm hearing it.
But at least I'm getting entertainment from it because on the air it sounds great.
So, what do we care?
What I hear?
Well, maybe a couple laughs from cutting out.
I'll give you a couple laughs from cutting out.
Or maybe they don't like you.
Maybe that's what it's all about.
Yeah, someone's satisfactorily.
So, here's the answer.
I genuinely dislike that pool when I say I hate this.
Full 375.
54.3%.
Well, I guess.
I guess.
I don't believe that, but I guess.
I hate this pool, meaning this one today, 163.23.5%.
Well, that's bad, man.
Now, that's one of the all-time worst Charlie.
And even Josh said he hates this pool.
Didn't you say that?
That's what I said.
Sucks.
What about you, Chris?
You think this is a bad pool?
That's okay.
Nothing wonderful.
I could change it.
Yeah, that'd be good.
To change it?
Yeah.
Are we really on the air?
I know yesterday was April Fool, but I have a feeling that they postponed it one day for
That's what this is.
Somebody's fooling me.
Yeah, that's what this is.
I got a better one here that Charlie said.
He won't feel so bad if I yank this pool.
Maybe I'll yank it.
Yank it, man.
No thanks.
Well, no, here's the, let me ask you how you like this one.
Okay.
I wish I had more time to blank.
Now, do you want me to read the, the choices on here?
I don't know if I should.
Nah, how would it?
Let's see how many votes we got on here.
700.
It's only a short show today, so.
Oh, by the way, I'm glad you reminded me of that.
Marlon's baseball at 1230.
I know.
I got a story of bank story.
I'm not going to mention the name of the bank, but it's here.
It's a Toronto bank.
So, you know, nobody down there can get all bent out of shape.
Oh, my God, they're going to cancel.
I don't think that my bank here is advertising at WQAM or any other South Florida station.
I made a deposit.
See, I have a check in the counter, but I use it very, very seldom, very little.
And I made a deposit to cover a check that I wrote.
Okay.
I made a deposit in cash at the ATM.
You following this?
Of course.
Yeah.
Okay.
I made a deposit on Friday, knowing that I was going to mail out the check on Wednesday,
and it would arrive wherever it was going to arrive.
It hasn't gone through yet.
No, no.
It went through and they bounced it.
They bounced it.
Because even though the balance showed, I mean, I keep, there's like 1500 bucks in an account.
Okay.
And the check was for a thousand.
But at the time that it went through there, they hadn't credited, they still hadn't counted the money from the ATM yet.
Yeah, that happens a lot.
This was cash.
This wasn't a check out.
I know.
That happens a lot.
Yeah.
What do you think I'm going to be at 1235?
Woodbine?
No.
It's my bank.
Okay.
I had a good weekend at Woodbine Mon.
I hit three grand on the line.
It would bind on Saturday.
I went to Saturday morning and I broke even in Saturday night.
I went back and I hit three grand on the line, Mon.
And I ran out of there.
I ran out of there.
Very well.
Before they could yank the money out of my wallet, I said, okay, I'll take it.
Thank you.
See you.
Bye.
And I ran out of like a rocket.
I haven't moved that fast in 100 years.
When you vote, I hate this poll.
What are you really saying?
I don't hate the polls, 88.
I don't know what that means.
I hate Neil because he won't put me in his will, 18.
Yeah, that's probably what the Chris voted.
I just like being negative and hateful 16.
See, I think that's the honest answer.
Only 16 people will fast up to it.
I just like being negative and hateful because I'm in software
and I hate my life.
Yeah.
That's our winner.
Yeah.
You bet.
See even you know that.
You sounded better that time.
It didn't come out cut out.
So if you're talking very short sentences.
Okay.
Two seconds of talk.
No, now you sound okay.
Now, wouldn't it be something if it got straightened out
and then the poor engineer showed up here and said, okay, I'm here to help straight it out.
Oh, no, it was on it anyway.
Well, when he gets there, just say April fools.
No, now you sound fine.
Play that, I'll find a little, you've...
I'll find a little, you've...
Let's see.
Oh!
Now it's coming out here.
Okay, that's enough.
Oh, okay.
Oh well, it was good for while I was there.
Yeah.
I hate Neil's opinion five.
I hate Neil Cosm, a right-wing A-hole four.
Uh-huh.
I hate Neil Cosm, he rejected me as my space friend too.
Now, do you...
I'm reject a lot of people from your space.
Very, very...
You know the ones that reject the ones who are selling something?
Oh, of course.
Or the ones who are promoting some product or some crap.
Or the ones who are obviously fake with no profile and no friends and no life and no name
and I'm just...
I'm not putting up with that.
I hate myself for continuing listening to Neil too.
I can understand it.
I hate myself period too.
I hate Neil Cosm religious not one.
I hate the world one.
Remember that song?
I hate the world.
I hate everybody.
Remember that?
Yeah.
Well, that was the Michael Jackson thing.
Remember, you want to say for Africa?
That worked really well.
Thank you for the touching.
Very good.
Thank you for the touching.
Thank God there's no starving people over there.
Don't be getting me on me with that touchy feely.
I'm a touchy feeling kind of guy.
If I like you, I'll touch you in feely.
But not in your case.
I hate the world one.
I hate Neil one.
Well, thank you.
I hate Neil Cosm young up on me none and I hate Neil's success none.
Out of 719.
We won't make a thousand by ballgame time, but that's okay.
We got a good excuse since a short show, right?
Or because the pole sucks.
Now, you're cutting out real bad again.
Because the pole sucks?
Yes.
Now, I don't hear anything.
Well, I didn't say anything.
No.
That'll do it.
Great.
Great.
Okay.
Let's drive the old man nuts.
April Fulio.
I know we've got three.
We've got three authoritative reports here that it sounds just fine on the air, including
something that I know and trust to wouldn't be us me.
Okay.
So I know that you sound just fine.
All the other stuff that's got that like that on here.
It's just on my speaker here.
Yeah.
Something wrong over there.
I want to see it like there.
You said something and then you just cut right out.
You still here?
Yes, I am.
Well, what did you say?
Some I said it's something wrong over there.
Wow.
That was a joke.
Well, whatever it was it was.
I'm going to look, I think I'm going to worry about it.
I'm so used to it at this point, especially on Monday.
Every Monday is April Fulio's leave.
It could be the middle of August.
It's April Fulio's a QIM.
Surprise.
Technical screw up.
But the bizarre thing is that when a Geldie was on there, I think too much Geldie is what
screwed up the transmitter.
That's what did it.
I don't think it could take any more of that.
And I know I sure is all couldn't pull it when I came in here.
But the bottom trying to make you is it wasn't cutting out when they were on Geldie and
Bo.
The Geldie and Bo for a Kenny and Bo Morning show.
Yeah.
What was cutting out when I got there and talked to you the first time, correct?
No.
And then all of a sudden, you see it was Chris.
Chris did something.
Actually, I think it was Josh because it was working fine until about five minutes before
he got here.
The keyword before.
Well, he, I didn't hear last.
It's not just cutting out for like a half a second.
It's cutting out for like the half of the sentence, whatever you said.
So I'm just trying to fill in the blanks.
You know, so it's like a like a game.
It is.
It's a game.
So we can just make fun of you and you won't know.
I, I really don't care.
You can make all the fun of me I want.
My check is still going to show up on the, what's the second, a week from later tomorrow.
In fact, I'm probably sure of a week from today, a day early.
Won't it, Joe?
Hi, it better.
Well, that's right.
I won't be here anyway.
Where are you going?
I'm vacation.
What do you mean, where am I going?
I'm going on vacation, man.
Are you going anywhere?
I mean, you got a little destination.
I'm going to Amsterdam.
How do you like it?
Right.
Wait, I bought you a head Amsterdam.
I never said I hated it.
I said it was going to be a little burned out on it, but I'm taking some friends, one of
who has never been to Europe before.
And he, and I'll just show him a wonderful time.
Now, he had a sexual friend.
So he'll, he'll enjoy the red light district and all the perversion there.
You don't really get burned out, right?
Right.
Right.
Right.
Out there.
Yeah, burn this.
Well, how come you're asking me, you're, you're supposed to be working with George, I would
assume next week, aren't you?
Or not?
No, that would be me.
That would be, yeah, that would be Chris.
Well, that's right.
What am I thinking of?
I'm thinking of back in the day, you know?
So instead of an inshawar, you want to send a psychiatrist over there?
Well, let me just say this to you, okay?
You, yeah.
David's a bitch.
It was a fire, a fire dog, and Vika wasn't there, no.
She'll turn love, say you long call.
It was a Vika.
One shot, it was here.
I think folks in the game are not here.
You are probably sitting right.
You're the girl, say you're Vika, you're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
You're the girl, say you're Vika.
It's a real game that the Washington Nationals
bore there be a gigantic tune in for that.
Opening day for the Marlins.
Any interest?
No.
Hey, watch it now.
Pre-game at 12.30, a game time
with your close personal friend, what's his name?
Dave Van Boren at 1 o'clock.
And Roxy's a socksy-boxy-roxy.
Hank will be honored for the ballgame at rivals
and then Eddie K. at rival 7 o'clock tonight.
That really, you know what?
That really just amazes the hell out of me.
What's that?
There we go.
Isn't tonight, I mean, isn't officially
the start of pace off tonight at sundown?
Or was it last night?
Well, you would know better than me.
But no, I would not.
I would not.
I mean, he then I don't know any of those religious,
whether it's Jewish holidays or Goyish holidays or Muslim.
I don't care about that crap.
Okay, life is too short to be worried
at least any time with garbage like that.
Yes, that's tonight.
Tonight, see tonight sundown,
and we got Hank and Eddie K.
Gonna burn in hell because the management
made them work on pace off.
That's bad.
And I see the Humphers on again tomorrow.
And Eddie K is also on again tomorrow after the Panther game.
Well, that should be really something following that.
Or following the Marlin game.
I can't even keep track of all this.
We got the Panthers on 1360 and Marles.
That's tomorrow.
Let's save it for tomorrow.
Kill some good time.
750 votes.
Now we got almost two hours.
I don't know.
I mean, I guess it's possible.
No, it's not.
248 votes in the two hours.
No way.
It's possible if we had a good.
Not on this pool.
Yeah, you know something.
I know it's on that end.
I would bet you a zillion dollars of your money.
It's on that end.
I can just I can hear just by the way it's cutting out.
It's like a loose wire or something, you know,
you're not going to get an argument from me on that good.
Because even if I did, I'll only hear half of it anyway.
Now, see, that's probably a blessing in it.
To him, disguise to all of this is that even if you want to argue and give me a bunch of crap,
I'm going to hear half of it anyway.
And you know what they say?
Half a loaf of crap is better than a whole loaf or something like that.
Now what they say?
Something like that.
I was sounded just fine and then Chris did something.
I don't know what he really did.
There was a job.
It was when Josh came in, wasn't it?
Yeah, basically.
Let's find a scapegoat.
Let's let's not fix it.
I mean, you ever find out if they actually sending the engineer here or I did not find out.
I would imagine there's not.
I figured they may be popped their head in and let me know if they were going to do that.
So in other words, we're just going to because it's not going to be our smokers fix itself
between now tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock.
I understand that's a revolutionary thing for me to be saying.
And I'm probably way out of line and saying that.
But you know me, I'm always out of line.
That's the story of my life.
He's way out of line opening up a big fat stupid loud mouth.
That's me.
So how do you like that thing with my bank?
You never, you tell me that happens all the time.
All the time, man.
How long can you hold a cash deposit?
Listen.
I'm no stranger to that.
It's happened to me where it's taken four or five days.
You know, yeah, I heard it's taken four out of whatever you just got through saying.
Last two sentences, those are the three or four words that I just heard.
That's how bad it's cutting out.
Cut it out.
Iranian State Radio reported that all 15 British sailors and Marines
held captive by Iran have confessed to illegally entering Iranian waters.
But an unapparent softening into the sputes said their statements would not air
because of positive changes from the Brits from those silly asked Brits who give me the schmitz.
The soft and tone was apparently mirrored in London where an official said Britain has agreed
to consider discussing with Iran.
Oh, look at this.
Cheesehead Tommy Thompson's running for president.
Anybody care about that?
No.
Cheesehead.
He drank water out of a creek and bup-up-up.
He was an outdoorsy kind of guy and now he's dead.
And we're all that crack when a guy died to the inquire up there with the anthrax.
Not really.
I sure do.
Well, you were just a punk back then.
What did you care about 9-11?
You know?
Britain, however, once an unconditional release of the crew and is not negotiating for their freedom
said the official is spoken condition of identity because of the sensitivity of the crisis.
Iran is demanded an apology from Britain as a condition for the release of the crew
overseas March 23rd.
And but a beep, but a booth, but a bop and the beach goes on.
And you know, you can just tell that there are certain individuals.
I want to say the Neocon, the fascist who are just chopping it to be used as an excuse
to go in there and just to nuke the hell out of them.
Speaking of pay saw, I got a great story about that.
After I see this very important facts, it says.
You know, like that.
The reason the money is not in your bank account and then it's just this all.
It's cut off like, you know, every all the feed that's coming from here.
Well, did it come in this way?
Yes.
Even the faxes are cut off.
Even the faxes get chopped today must be because it's a Jewish holiday.
Everybody's getting cut today.
If you weren't circumcised before to show, you better look around afterward because you're going to be a bloody mess.
It says the reason the money is not in your bank account and then it's.
That's the end of it.
I'm sure that you can see there's another word there or whatever.
Maybe they're trying to say you lost it all.
I would buy it or what it's something like that.
The positive cash and they bounce it check.
You know, it's just it's just unbelievable.
I don't think about holding on to checks that they do forever, never, never.
I went through that with them over there once before about that.
But nevertheless, you know, life will go on.
A guy that's making my kind of money and I'm bouncing checks.
Is that like a wound to your ego or what?
I don't care.
I really don't care.
Too bad.
Allison Goldberg will be doing a lot of praying today.
Oi!
It's the first evening of Passover and the Gators are playing you a holiday buck eyes.
Whether by divine plan or cruel coincidence, the college basketball title game is landed on the same night that many South Florida Jews are supposed to spend with their families eating praying.
Baruchato anoye.
Baba baba baba.
And we're sending from a special text there in your ritual meal known as a satyr.
What are you laughing about?
I just like to be at one of those so I could, you know, be amused.
One of those parties.
Oh, satyr.
Hey, it's drink a little wine.
To celebrate the holiday that marks the people's exodus from Egypt and slavery.
Talk about a test of faith.
It says this is in the Sunsendle.
Think about their very cute and clever, which they never are.
Talk about a test of faith.
It says forget the apple.
Temptations arrived in the form of a big screen TV with high definition and surround sound.
It's like what do I do?
Do I dinner really quick?
Is it possible to put on TV in another room and run back in fourth wonder's Goldberg a raven Gator fan from Dearfield Beach?
Will be attending a satyr at the home of a religiously observant aunt and uncle Oyeve.
They dilemma most passive recaters don't start until sundown around 7 30 p.m.
Game time is 9 21 tonight.
Vey is mere Oyeve.
What do we do?
We're going to all burn in hell.
God don't like the NCAA.
It's all goyem Goldberg now normally relishes the satyr this year.
However, she hopes the dinner when accompanying ceremony is including reading the Haggadah.
Will be kept to a minimum.
So is that Haggadah?
I don't even know this all this due stuff will be kept to a minimum.
She can't at the very least rush home afterward catch the other game.
If they start reading in the Hebrew is over she grows playfully they can make a two hour satyr into four hours.
Wendy Zimmerman of Palm Beach grads already said there be no TV on during the satyr and she or husband are hosting the couple of
Meta students at the University of Florida are huge fans, but
This is the first pass over dinner they've hosted so they want to do it right.
That means no TV distractions during the meal.
We think it's inappropriate she said of course.
That doesn't mean her TV has to be turned off.
We're not going to look at the Internet or anything to see the score.
We want to watch it from the beginning.
Matt Wolf, 30 of 10 rack rule out attending his family satyr when he bought tickets to Nice Game Atlanta.
He will observe the holiday and the game they're in person.
He's not worried about what the Almighty will think.
God, he said is rooting for the gators.
Oh, and that cute.
Oh, no.
I'm rooting for my bank in that thing straight enough is what I'm rooting for.
I'm rooting for the sound the audio to get straightened out and you're not cutting out and you want to why because you're not saying it.
I worked that good.
That was good.
In fact, maybe if you say stuff like real quick like in like you just did there.
Okay.
Good. See work good.
That's a good one.
Huh?
764 votes on a pool.
We'll get to whatever we're good to by game time.
We got the Marlon game at 12 30 and then Wednesday again.
Another Marlon game with a pre game at 12 30.
Oh, what a week.
Come on.
New.
Yeah.
Tonight on That's not the news.
A special report we wrote all by ourselves.
A rock Saddam Hussein Osama Obama.
The Democrats golden boy.
What you don't know about a rock Saddam Hussein Osama Obama may surprise you.
As a boy, he went to mattress in Mr. Wilson's all night mattress store and practiced wahabiyah as a hobby all the way to Kimo's Abbey.
He had not been hurt baby.
He was the mystery man on the grassy nose.
The doctor's name was his own boy.
And if you look closely, you realize his real father was Jack Webb.
Plus, an infuriating and typically uninform commentary from one of our garden variety hard looking bleach blonde hand picked out of our stable of Republican blondes that hood out easy and it builds who are elderly and drunk right wing viewers.
Fox News.
30% of the truth for the 30% of you watching Obey.
14 before 11 at 5.60 W. Kim early and hour and 44 minutes away from the Marlon pregame show.
Not that we're counting, but it is kind of opening day, baby.
That's when people I couldn't give a flying leaf less about baseball.
Oh, it's opening day.
Yeah, we'll be.
And then the rest of the season they don't pay any attention.
Probably just as well.
I see the red star.
No, wasn't the red star.
It was the mess in the cardinal last night.
Meant to the cardinals and I saw one.
I'm trying to think I saw like part of an inning.
And the I'm at square a couple of runs and the cardinal pitcher couldn't get anybody out and they just kept.
They just kept around in the bases and scoring like crazy and that was that was all I could take.
I watched a couple of things.
Did you really I I'm one of the very few people who still likes baseball.
Oh, well, yeah, I guess because you worked with Dave Van Boren.
You made it so exciting for you.
Oh God, is he coma inducing?
He just now don't start ripping the day this because you're not in the broadcast anymore.
That would seem so gratuitous.
That would be you, sir.
That would be me what?
Well, I'm not just starting now.
From the first day I heard him.
I thought, can I just got a very good voice but boy, he sure don't know how to use it.
Well, it's like if you have a very good apparatus, you know, and you just didn't know how to use it.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't want to get too graphic.
But yeah, there are probably some guys who got a very good equipment.
They just don't know how to use it.
Well, there are a lot of good broadcasters that you don't like.
A lot of good broadcasters and then you cut out that one that you don't like.
Such as, all right, well, I'm going to get ripped here but Dave O'Brien is good.
He's okay.
He's generic.
But everybody's generic to you.
No, no, they're not.
Well, today most of the margin are, that's the problem.
There are very few broadcasters today who are ever going to be like legendary.
I mean, listen, if anybody knows from legendary, it's me.
Oh, God!
That's right.
I know what it means to be legendary.
But can you name me?
Are you going to tell me that Dave O'Brien is going to be legendary or Boob Shambi is going to be legendary?
Who can say?
Like a Harry Carrier or a Mel Allen or a Bob Print.
Well, our Kurt Gaudi or the really famous great sportscasters.
Of course not.
You know you're full of crap.
We've been through this every time you're in there.
We go through the same thing.
I'm not saying that Dave O'Brien is bad.
It's just that he just sounds like everybody else.
That's all there.
So wait a minute.
You're saying he's not bad but he's not legendary?
That is correct.
He's okay.
He's okay.
And he's certainly not anywhere, not even close to being as good as Joangel was with the Marlins.
Not even close.
Oh, what?
In the Wingum!
Did that cut out there?
No, I heard it.
I wish it would have.
Like to cut your ass out.
How do you like that?
Joe Angel was excellent.
Okay?
Joe Angel is an excellent broadcaster.
I would care what you think.
He's good.
And a lot better than Dave O'Brien will ever dream of being.
And then the thing that really frusts my fat ass is that they can Joe Angel because Dave O'Brien
put it to him like, well, I want to be the number one guy.
If I'm not the number one guy, blah, blah.
And so they blew out Joe Angel and Dave O'Brien like two months later says, oh, guess what?
I'm going to ESPN.
Is that okay?
Remember that?
That's the guy that went down.
He gets Joe Angel canned and then he turns and turns tail as they say and runs in the other direction.
I hope that I hope the bird of paradise pees all over his head.
I do like that.
Dave O'Brien.
He was on my show one day back when he was at him and Joe were doing the games.
He's a good guy.
It's very funny.
That's great.
There's a lot of guys that are very funny.
It doesn't mean they ought to be broadcast in sporting events.
I mean, if that's the best you can come up with this day of O'Brien, I risk my king.
No, I just mentioned him because I'm not saying somebody else that you think is so good that I'm always knocking.
John Miller.
Who?
John Miller.
John Miller?
Yeah.
I heard him last night for a little bit.
Yeah, he's got a great voice.
I wouldn't put him in the category of being legendary, but you would, I'm sure.
I think he's very good.
Good.
And I like Joe Buck when he calls baseball.
Not close one.
When he does a baseball game.
You're cutting out so bad.
We can't have a conversation because I can't hear you.
And are they doing something about this?
Is there actually somebody on the way here?
Or is there somebody more importantly finding out what's going on there, boys and girls?
Because on the air, I guess everything is hunky-dour.
It is.
Well, I'm wondering, what's the deal talking about?
Of course, in your case, it's not really all that important.
I hear most of what you say, but nevertheless.
And would you just say, Joe Buck, you like him when he does baseball?
Correct.
Not football.
I don't really like him, period.
He's another one very generic.
Now, his dad, Jack Buck, he was a great broadcaster.
He had personality.
He had that rough voice, you know, he was great.
He was in co-herent the last few years, but who cares?
So was Harry.
Harry was in co-herent for about 20 years.
And do you ever hear anybody not carry carry for crying out loud?
No.
Absolutely not.
Well, this was Harry, and that's my opinion.
And that Walt Disney was nothing to do with it.
That's right.
Neil Rogers.
God.
What the hell does that mean?
Anyway, that's not how I mean, that's such a co-agrid that sounds just like him.
He, Harry, hated him like poison.
But anyway, I mean, they're just, they just don't make him like that anymore.
All these guys are cookie cutter kind of guys.
They all sound the same.
They got that same kind of happy voice.
That, that, that, that, that.
I like that guy we got on the morning.
He was doing jury doing this, and it more.
I didn't mention name, though.
You know what I mean?
Hey, how's it going everybody?
I don't know, but I like that.
You know exactly the pukeers, you know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
Broadcast pukeers.
I can't stand pukeers.
Bush's chief campaign strategist says Carrie was right on Iraq.
He was absolutely...
So movement correction.
The chief strategist for President Bush's 2004 re-election campaign wrote an editorial.
It said Democratic presidential nominee Senator John Kerry was right.
And calling for it was wrong from Iraq.
Kerry was right, but never submitted it according to an article to be published in the New York Times.
Well, it was published in yesterday's New York Times.
As a matter of fact, I just mentioned it in passing.
The article XADTL's a loss of faith in the president details that this in Shannon will be
Bush campaigned most senior aides, Matthew Dowd.
Dowd was a keystone of the administration's efforts to portray Senator Kerry as a flip flopper
who couldn't be trusted with national security during wartime.
He is the first of Bush's inner circle to break so publicly with him.
According to the Times, Dowd was a top strategist for Texas Democrats who were disappointed
by the Bill Clinton years.
It was impressed by the pledge of Mr. Bush, then Governor of Texas, to bring a spirit of cooperation to Washington.
He switched parties, joined Bush's political brain trust, and dedicated his next six years to get into the oral office and keeping him there.
He was appointed Bush's chief campaign strategist in 2004.
Dowd now says his faith in Bush was misplaced.
He criticized the president as failing to call a nation into a shared sense of sacrifice at a time of war,
failing to reach across the political divide to build consensus and ignoring the will of the people on Iraq.
He said he believed the president had not moved aggressively afterhold anyone accountable for the abuses that...
Abougarra prison in Iraq and that Mr. Bush still approached governing with a my way or the highway mentality reinforced by a shrinking circle of trusted aides.
Dowd said his decision to step forward hadn't come easily, but he said his disappointment to Mr. Bush's presidency is so great that he feels a sense of duty to go public,
given his role in helping Mr. Bush gain and keep power.
I'm a big believer that in part what we're called to do to me by God, other people call it karma, is to restore balance when things didn't turn out the way they should have Mr. Dowd said.
Just being quiet is not an option when I was so publicly advocating an election.
The White House Court responded through communication director Dan Bartlett who said disagreed with Mr. Dowd's description of the president isolated and his position on withdrawal, but said he wasn't surprised.
We never liked him anyway, he wouldn't surprise.
A bunch of crap.
All these people are dying, all this bloodshed mayhem and John McCain is telling us that, oh, it's safe to walk the streets now.
I noticed that even his puffed up cheek kind of went down a little bit.
Probably from a bomb attack.
In the meantime, when their dying like flies over there and America is worried about dancing with a star's baby, dancing with a star's, that's the important stuff.
791 votes. I think we got, I don't know, I don't know what we're going to get, at least 900.
When you think Chris?
Yeah, I think we can do it hopefully.
Now, is there an engineer like working on this stuff or is that they just forgot to find that out?
Are you just sounding good there for like four seconds?
Well, I think you.
You know what I mean, good. I mean, I could understand what you were saying.
I don't mean you sounded good as in like a brilliant broadcaster.
We'll find out when we hit break what's going on.
Now, that sounded good.
How about you, Josh? Can you say something and I can hear it?
All right.
How's that sound?
Not cut out.
I mean, you got the sound. I heard it, but how's that?
Like that. I think you're the problem.
Here's the poor result. When I vote, I hate this pool.
They're right. This pool sucks. Why did I put this on there?
This could be Charlie B. The all-time worst pool that I've ever been suckered into putting on here.
But we do have 791 votes.
I'll just read the top three of things.
Although, what's the honest one?
I just spent like being negative and hateful. It's the only 16.
See your lion to us. Okay. We know you're lion. I'm dying. You're lion. Okay?
I just like being negative and hateful should probably have like at least 500 votes.
I genuinely dislike that pool if I say I hate it. 427.
Sure. I hate this pool, meaning the one today 190.
23.8%. Charlie B is probably on the top. He's on the ledge of his patio.
I'm a 34th floor. Get ready to jump.
And you know what? If I was him, I wouldn't blame him.
Anybody that would send a pool like this.
And by the way, Charlie, I'll be there to hold your hand. We can jump together.
Because I'm the idiot that put it on there.
I could have sent Eric any kind of a poll over the weekend for today.
You know, start the week off on a high note.
But I knew we'd have him technical the fugly.
So I was there an answer to that question about engineering or was I just fooling myself?
Is that a joke or it was a joke not a good one, but just a joke.
The audience is used to it.
And the whole ranger shall do you do you do you do you do you fail this is your brain.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Any questions?
Oh, the one thing on so guys the man may guys please don't tell me now there's a game.
So you don't know where he's been embarrassing.
But never get to introduce a gay.
So I never gonna stop giving up.
Stuff and let the cry.
Oh, it's really tough to realize one doesn't for me.
Hi, gay gay gay gay gay.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Welcome.
Yeah, we heard it the first time.
Welcome.
Okay, I love an 0-0-2 at 560 WQM.
So anyway, I'm thinking it's gotta be on your end.
I mean, you know, the audience is probably thinking what are you talking about?
Everything sounds fine to us.
It doesn't sound fine here, you know.
Well, I was told your friend Greg is coming over there.
Yeah.
And once he's there, him and George will confabulate and see what they can do.
During the show or after the show?
No, after the show.
Oh, after the show.
Well, that'll be fine.
Yeah, it's on the 30 social level.
Because actually Greg is a real like real engineer.
I mean, I know that sounds really funny to people at QAM.
A real engineer.
I mean, it's not like an oxygen moron or real engineers.
It really sets this thing.
It's like real engineers.
Somebody really has some clues to what they're doing.
Here's about to end.
Well, what time is he coming?
I suppose to know this.
My supposed to sit around here.
Wait, now I gotta go to the bank and bitch them out.
We don't know yet.
And it'll be over as soon as he can.
I guess he has one other job.
He has to work real quick.
Yeah.
So he said you two get along.
So he usually calls you.
He said, he said, then you cut out.
He said, why?
He said you two usually get along pretty well.
And that he, I guess, calls you just before he gets there a little bit when he's on his way or something.
No, he really doesn't do that.
What I do is I leave the key with the concierge downstairs.
And he, you know, he gets it from them.
Well, George just said he usually calls you.
So you know that he's on the way over or something like that.
Oh, okay.
Well, what do I see?
What do I know?
I mean, if George Corso toyed that, it must be accurate.
What do I know about it?
You know, exactly.
Talk about arguing with a rock.
All you people out there that are getting bored to death, I would find a boulder.
You know, I go in the back yard and find some kind of, I don't have to be a big boulder.
I don't want you to get a hernia from trying to lift it.
Just find a rock.
And sit in the corner somewhere and put the rock there opposite you and sit down and look at the rock.
Like it was, you know, a living and breathing thing and talk to it.
Then you'll understand what it's like talking to engineering or almost most departments at QAM.
But I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't like that.
See, George Corso, he knows, has he ever, ever been in the studio in his life?
No.
Does he even know what the studio looks like?
No.
Probably not.
But nevertheless, you listen to him and don't listen to me.
822 votes on the pool.
We're never going to make a thousand.
We knew that right up, especially considering the nature of the pool.
It was pretty weak even when I put it on her yesterday.
Probably most of the people looked at and said,
you expect this to vote on a stupid ass pool like that?
Are you crazy or what?
And I said, you know, sure, absolutely.
What I said, look where I work.
So I guess what I'll do is I'll leave the key or not.
I'll find the George again and have him call Greg.
I said, I have a really good idea.
Here's a good idea.
What the?
Tell George Corso that this place will be open.
I won't be here if he gets here after 1230.
But the place will be open.
He can come in here and pochky around and screw around.
There won't be anything valuable left behind.
You know, and not that I wouldn't trust Greg.
Anyways, great guy, but I'm just saying it'll be open.
Okay, that's the message.
We'll do.
Tom, when he gets here, come in, have a wonderful time and fix it, please.
Here's some bad news.
Shattering previous records, Democrat Hillary Rotom Clinton collected $26 million
for her presidential campaign during the first three months of the year
and transferred an additional 10 million from her Senate fund raising account.
Aids said yesterday.
No fooling.
The campaign didn't specify how much of a 36 million was available
only for the primary election.
How much could be used just for the party's nominee?
Still, the total raised out distance past presidential election records
and set by a high bar, by which to measure the fund raising abilities of
her campaign.
They wouldn't announce how much they spent during those three months
and how much cash they still had in hand.
Her closest rivals in the polls, Barack Obama, has yet to reveal his totals.
John Edwards was going to announce it today.
And domestic hook up in a bill reaches his campaign,
said he raised $6 million in primary campaign money and spent more than $5 million.
Republican Phil Graham of Texas Democrat Al Gore of Tennessee,
who hold a record for first quarter receipts $8.7 million for Graham in 1999.
A five, whatever it is, and whatever.
Well, so Hillary's raising money all over the place.
They got the connections.
They end up fixing it.
You know, the put the fix in.
And then whoever the Republicans nominate, they'll beat the crap out of her.
South Park had a very funny episode last week on Hillary.
I didn't see it.
Yeah.
So I heard.
I actually heard you say that.
Didn't cut out.
Wow.
At least I heard part of it.
Then I heard.
Little.
Maybe Joyce is doing that.
Dropping a few of those goodies in there.
823.
We're going to make 900 by 1230 by ballgame time.
Now maybe I've got a bad pot like the return pot here from.
It's a possibility.
Oh, I doubt it.
Okay, give it a shot.
Say something.
Something.
Even that cut out.
Even something.
Really?
Yeah, in the middle.
Well, maybe it is on your end then, but.
What do you mean by that?
I'm just joking, man.
Come down.
Nothing changed.
Okay, nothing has changed.
It's still the same hazard ride that it was before.
Boy, you don't want to know.
Hazarai on Passover, boy.
We're all going to burn in hell if we start.
A hazard is a pig.
Which can mean, you know, a derogatory term for a person.
Who eats just endlessly a pig.
And then a hazard also, you know, is a pig literally like an animal.
Don't be a hazard.
Don't be stealing or pizza.
Don't talk like that.
A key element of the second major report on climate change being released in Belgium
is a chart that maps out the effects of global warming.
Most of them bad with every degree of temperature rise.
There's one bright spot.
A minimal heat rise means more food production in northern regions of the world.
So before those people all drown, they're going to release to have a smile on their face.
They'll be in the nice salami sandwich.
On rye, of course, with mustard.
And no Swiss cheese, baby, or lunch or left salami and Swiss.
Mmm.
That is so trough.
Not for paisos.
Don't be no salami and Swiss.
I mean, if you eat it ordinarily, you're going to burn in hell.
But on Passover, wow.
The Lord will smote you, man.
He'll stick that nasty ugly finger, the one with that the hang nail on it.
And he'll just kick your ass.
However, the number of species going your staked rises with the heat as well as the number of people who may starve.
Or face water shortage or floods, according to the projections in the draft report,
obtained by the associated press.
Some scientists know, and I'm waiting to hear this.
This is not what you call uplifting.
If you're one of those people, it's like a weak sister, and you get very easily depressed,
turn it down for a few seconds.
Some scientists are calling this degree by degree projection a highway to extinction.
Oh, my God.
Okay, you can turn it back up now.
Oh, boy.
Not too loud, though.
It's likely to be the source of sharp clothes door to bait some scientists,
to say along with a multitude of other changes and issues in the 20 chapter draft report from the intergovernmental panel of climate change.
While the wording in the draft is almost guaranteed to change it this week,
meaning it Brussels several scientists say the focus won't.
Brussels, Belgium, that's the place I got to get to.
Maybe this time, maybe on this trip.
You can get on the train in Amsterdam.
I think it's an hour and a half and go to Brussels.
Well, go for it then.
Two and a half hours and go to Cologne.
Well, I'd tell you one thing.
If there's a, and I see it's the second of April.
A lot of people are planning their summer and the fall vacations right now.
Let me recommend enthusiastically, if you've never been to Cologne, Germany.
Let me just tell you right now you will love it.
Oh, brother.
Oh, I'll go next week.
I'm talking about sloppers like you.
I'm talking about people that have a few bucks that aren't bouncing checks because they deposit a cash.
Do you know how that pisses me off?
Do you have any idea?
I can imagine because a guy like you with a big buck should be doing the end of the world,
but it's just an annoyance.
It's just aggravating.
It makes you look like some kind of a shlipper.
Right.
How long can they hold your money before they finally say,
oh, well, we guess we got it here.
I guess we got the envelopes, you know.
I think it's like seven to ten days.
Seven to ten days they hold cash?
If they want to, sure, why not?
How about seven to ten months based on what you're saying if they want to?
I got something they can hold.
The final document will be the product of the new and network of two thousand scientists
and authors and reviewers along with representatives of more than 120 governments
as last minute.
It will be the second of a four-finan-authoritative assessment of the Earth's climate being released this year.
Andrew Weaver, a climate scientist with the University of Victoria in British Columbia,
said the chart of results from various temperature levels is a highway to extinction,
but on this highway there are many turn-offs.
Yeah, there's a lot of turn-offs, all right.
This is showing you where the road is heading, the road is heading toward extinction.
While humanity will survive hundreds of millions, maybe billions of people may not occur to the chart
if the worst scenarios happen.
And it goes on, it's very depressing, but it will put it up.
The one good thing is we're all going to be dead long since when that happens.
We're all going to be dead and buried.
Each and every one of us, and that uplifting?
We're doomed.
And that's because the Lord works in mysterious ways.
He didn't want to give you a long life.
He wanted to give you a miserable life.
That's God for you.
He works in mysterious ways.
Oh, God!
And hateful obnoxious ways.
Okay, here's the pool.
Now you guys should have talked me to changing, because I'm too averse to even read it.
I'll try.
You must have not heard us when we said that.
No, that was cutting out.
834 votes.
When I vote, I hate this pool.
What are you really saying?
I genuinely just like that one pool, 443.
Well, I mean, I can handle it if I believe that, but I don't.
I hate this pool, meaning the one we're talking right now, 201, 24.1%.
I don't hate the pools, up 109.
That's kind of a stupid answer right there.
I mean, there must be something like that like this one.
How could you not hate it?
I hate it.
I hate Neil, because he won't put me in his will, 21.
Too bad.
I just like being negative and hateful, 19.
I hate everybody in everything, 15.
I hate Neil's opinion, 7.
Well, for you, your mama.
Your mama's so socks and hell, ain't that's well?
I hate Neil, because I'm a right wing A whole five.
I hate myself or continue listening to Neil three.
I hate myself three.
I hate the world three.
I hate Neil, because he rejected me as a my space friend too.
I wonder who that could be.
Huh?
Now, I didn't reject him.
He's just a reject.
He's just a phony.
There's plenty of fakers on there, okay?
Fakers and Quakers and Shakers and the trouble makers.
Anything where you deal with people who are anonymous?
We've got 1,300 my space friends.
Okay, let me finish reading the poll.
I make my point.
I hate Neil too.
I hate Neil, because I'm a religious not one.
I hate Neil, because he hung up on me none.
I hate Neil's success none.
841.
We have 1,300 my space friends.
Okay?
Yeah.
Out of those 1,300, I have one person, one new legitimate friend
that I know and have met and is a good friend.
Wait, we're down to one now?
Well, how many did we have?
What do you mean?
I think it was like 2 or 3 the last time I was thinking about somebody I've met.
Somebody I know what he says he is.
Okay.
Somebody who's a living and breathing stupendous human being, a great guy.
But even if he wasn't a great guy, just a real person, a person who is who he says he is.
Do you know what I'm saying?
1 plus there were a couple of people I knew.
I mean like KJ and his wife were on there and like Chikonak and Miguel.
So, you know, but those are people I already knew.
But I'm talking about if these new, and I use the word friends loosely, you know, friends,
I've got one.
That's not a good batting average out of 1300, is it?
No.
Now do you know what I'm saying that an anonymity factor?
I hear you, man.
That's my space.
That's what you get from it.
And I can hear some of what you're saying to me.
Baby!
All right!
I'm going to put in the white house of the Nina.
What should we bring in the Play-Doh-Rinneau Theatre?
Better put the lawyer here, trying to make the meter.
Baby, what should we do?
I'm going to put in the White House of the Nina.
What should we bring in the Play-Doh-Rinneau Theatre?
Better put the lawyer here, trying to make the meter.
Baby, what should we do?
I'm going to put in the White House of the Nina.
What should we bring in the Play-Doh-Rinneau Theatre?
Better put the lawyer here, trying to make the meter.
Comment on your position in the White House of the Nina.
What should we bring in the Play-Doh-Rinneau Theatre?
Better put the lawyer here, trying to make the meter.
Hey, what should we do?
Comment on your position in the White House of the Nina.
What should we bring in the Play-Doh-Rinneau Theatre?
Better put the lawyer here, trying to make the meter.
Hey, what should we do?
11.19 at 5.60 WM at just the Marlon Wharm up today.
Marlon pregame show 12.30 for opening day, baby.
Oh, yeah opening day take me out to the ball game fact that I'm probably should play that should I we're hairy intensive there for one
That's right. We should play
I
It's just one of those days man just one of those days. Where the hell is it?
Take me out to the crowd. Oh
Why me something that's ain't back your back?
I don't care if I ever get back all the truth
Rupert for the company if they go with it so shame
Oh
I gotta be honest with that I don't really know if that's really was him it sounds like it was really him
I'm like an imitator
That was the
Yeah, but I think pickled is what he was trying to say just pickled well, he was a bad drunk is what they said about Harry
And fact that was made in who he is man
Yeah, I would think that's a good point
He was a bud man in fact don't we have that line in there? I'm pretty sure you do somewhere, but he
He fell down hit his head. He was in a drunken stupor in some bar on a road trip and he hit his head and had like some kind of a thing
I don't know. Oh here it is. I'm a cup fan
I know bud man. I trust you are too. Oh, yeah, sure 852 votes on a fool. That was quite a time man
Let me tell you about our trip to a weekly field and the show we did from Murphy's leases across the street there
We're set in an empty bar and talking to myself well
And then they brought in Bob Brenley former San Francisco Giants catcher and a really bad
Cubs radio announcer bad even you'd agree with that bad. I
Yeah
terrible
And I talked him about the Cubs and of course to nobody and South Florida gave a crap about the Cubs
That was nice going Disney and that's because Disney was from Chicago
And that's why we went there and did this show in the first place because then nobody in South Florida gave a who now cared about the Cubs
I did but nobody else did but that was his idea of a great a great time. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney
I'll screw you red nose. I remember red nose the Rudolph reindeer. That's him
So we got the engineer coming today. I'm sure that by tomorrow everything will be there. Think it's just fine
Oh, you're sure of that? No, I'm just trying to sound optimistic. Okay
As long as the check shows up next week. I'll be have and will be around anyway
Well, that's really something
It's really something. I of course when you've been bouncing checks because they didn't count your cash
You can't afford to be having checks sitting around in you know in mailbox somewhere won't be in my regular mailbox
Then they'd be going right from looking for my check. It won't be in there
You know those kids that mess with people's mailboxes those kids need to be murdered right on TV
I say get her out of out of the freezer and put his ass on there
And he can host the show where they take all the kids that pox you with people's mailboxes and kill them all one by one
No, I must confess. I did do that as a child. Oh, I'm sure that I had no doubt about that
I had been in the back of a pickup and I I gave my best you know, Barry Bond swing and knocked one off
With the baseball bat. Yes
What a what an a hole well, you know, I was a dumb aspect then
You were jackass right that's the kind of thing jackasses do that's what 13 year old's do man. Oh, you were 13 while I you know
Now that guy that's uh, oh, and you know who it is. I forget the hell I saw his picture on my space
I'm trying to think of which is this real ugly guy that's the one that's got the hot for you
Oh, he's got some kind of oh you found him on my space
No, I did I look he said a message
Well, why do you put it that way I found him on my space? Why do you what do you put them? You know what I meant
I didn't mean you were searching for him now you saw it okay now all of a sudden don't tell me the problem corrected it so
Praise the Lord probably not
Maybe it's taking a rest
It's just trying to mess with you. Ah, they just cut off at the very end of that
It's just trying to make like that and the people who are listening on the radio and also online even are thinking
What is the old queen talking about? It sounds as fine as well good for you. Hey wait a minute
Isn't there some chick coming in tomorrow or something?
Well, that's right. Yeah, allegedly, but you know something
There's another talk about a mystery man. Georgia's close personal friend Christopher
Who's another one of our my space mystery people?
You know seriously? I've got people on there that I've talked to at length like Brandon for example
And I don't want him to get all all I have an a message from him today. Maybe he's actually doing some work
But uh, I've never met him. I don't have his phone number. I have a last name that he gave me which is finally that something
You know I've a last name the Christopher gave me too
Why I was gonna ask if you wanted his phone number
If I want who's phone number that guy you were just talking about Brandon. Yeah, and what does that mean the way you say that?
Do I want to do I want to do I want to do with Brandon? I don't think so
I really don't think so okay because he's uh, you know, he's not interested
I'm not interested in dealing with anybody that don't want to dittle with me, okay
Well, why do you have to bring that up? Why does everything that I talk about all of a sudden come back to diddlin?
Okay, I haven't said one word about your Russian girlfriend and the fact that you're turning to into it like a human pin cushion
I haven't said anything about that. What are you talking about? I don't know. I just thought it sounded good. Okay. Maybe you did it cut out
That's probably what she's thinking cut it out
861 votes so anyway, I didn't see the guy and he's um, my point being is that just like Mike from FSU now
Confedulate with him. He's going to London to study for a few weeks and I give him a whole actinivary there. I'm going to answer Dan
Told him about the hotels and about uh, all kinds of stuff
That's another guy and then I'm pretty sure he's for really is who he says when you're dealing with students like that
Although not necessarily, you know, I mean
Yeah, until you actually either have met somebody or spoke of them have a first name a last name a phone number
Shoe size and address
You don't know for sure who you're talking to on there now. You know that. Yes. That is true. That is true. How do you verify it?
So anyway Christopher claimed that there was this Gwen and I and I guess soon she's a waitress. I don't know what she does
I think she's a hooker is what I think
Oh, well, I really wanted to go with him then she must be because he's kind of in that in that business
But anyway, I haven't heard nothing from him either. He's another one. He's a phantom people that you know
He shows up here for a couple days and then uh, and then all of a sudden disappears for while he's busy
So we'll we'll see I think that'll be something to really look forward to is a getting the equipment
All working on both ends again, which I'm holding my breath not see what I'm gonna do is after the show at 12 30 when a marlin game comes on
I'm gonna go over to the bank. I'm gonna find out who the vice president or whoever the highest official is sitting there on her ass during lunch hour
And I'm gonna go in there and pee under desk
And then I'm gonna start getting angry
No trouble
Oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, you spent 9 danics in a thousand SEMGOs? Where can I get an A3 N?
Yes, his fault for screwing up the money.
He said that the polls think so.
People don't want to vote on it.
Now I actually heard what you just said.
I mean, uninterrupted by glitches and bitches and hitches.
You think this thing is fixed itself out?
Oh, no.
No.
Sounded good right there.
Well, we can always test it.
No, right there, just cut out.
Anyway, horror facts isn't said.
Most ATMs are served by private companies like Brinks or Wells Fargo.
So there are some time delays.
Well, excuse me.
Okay.
How many days would you like before somebody makes a cash deposit in the ATM?
How many days would you like before you find it credited to their account?
About 30, man.
I mean, online it was credited in there as part of the total, but not available.
Do you know what I mean?
Yes, we have two different numbers.
Available amount and balance.
Wow.
And in my case, I think it said unbalanced.
I think they were trying to tell me something.
I'm going to go in there.
I'm going to pee on her desk.
I'm going to turn the desk upside down on top of her ass.
And then I'm going to start getting angry.
If there is one kind of businessman, monkey business, that I cannot stand its banks, including the one I have down there,
which I'm not going to go into who it is on the air anymore, because obviously they spent a lot of money on a radio station.
And if I do that, oh my god, kneels at it again.
We got kisser.
So I can't say, see.
Hmm.
You know what I'm talking about.
Probably.
And I didn't say which bank I'm just saying in general is speaking.
Oh, and also speaking to people who are likely incompetent, does Ray Perry still work there with that radio station?
Yes, he does.
Well, I'm wondering where my Marlon tickets are.
Not that I'm going to be using them anytime soon, since they don't...
Well, when's the home opener next week, I believe?
Yes, the sixth Friday.
The sixth, which would be a Friday.
Oh, this Friday?
Yes.
And I'll be going on vacation Friday.
So I certainly will be going to that game.
In fact, I won't be going to any games.
But, you know, I have friends who might want to go.
Where's my Marlon tickets?
Ray Perry.
Where's the Marlon tickets?
Hot shot.
I don't know, but I like Ray Perry.
He's getting me a blackberry.
I'm getting a blackberry.
He's getting you a blackberry?
That's right.
In the big time, buddy.
Well, you know something that would be really nice.
Then you and I can like be text messaging back and forth all day.
Text you that while you're losing it would buy?
That could be some of the days.
I could say, hey, I lost my ass, pal.
Here's something like that.
No, I like text messaging.
I think it's a neat form of a communication.
I like it.
I mean, I'll see you get your emails on there.
But emails, see, first we had the snail mail, okay?
And the moment the emails, which is fine.
And I'm text messaging, which I'm sure that all the kids,
anybody with cell phone has got,
well, don't you already do that on your cell phone?
Very vaguely.
Very vaguely.
I mean, I'm not a big fan of doing it.
I kind of...
Why not?
Well, I don't have a blackberry.
I have a regular phone, so it's kind of a pain in the end.
It's too difficult for you.
It's not difficult.
I got to put these friends who have regular phones,
and they text me on my blackberry.
We have a lot of people with blackberries in these sidekicks
these days got a little keyboard,
and they can write like a paragraph.
I'll give you a yes or a no kind of thing answer, you know?
Oh, yes or a...
Answer you cut out when you said no.
That's it.
So in other words, you're going to not even write back
like a sentence?
No, yeah, probably.
I'm probably sentences the most I'll go.
Well, why is it so difficult?
I mean...
I don't need to write an email up from my little cell phone here, you know what I'm saying?
I'm talking about when you're a blackberry.
Well, that would be different.
I'm not going to waste my time texting you
if I'm going to get back a yes or a no.
To me, yes or no is not a good one.
I don't think you're going to waste your time texting me.
Why not?
How much do you want to bet?
How much do I don't want to bet you anything?
Well, when you're getting your blackberry?
I don't know, probably in a week.
Ah, well, get back to me when you get it.
Okay, like my Marlin ticket's the same crap.
It's another QA in the scam.
I'll be like Miguel, I'll just keep your Marlin tickets.
I'll go talk to Ray about it.
You better get Miguel's hands out of my Marlin tickets, okay?
You understand me that right now?
I'm putting you in charge of it.
You better keep that fixed hands off of my damn Marlin tickets
or there's going to be hell to play, okay?
I like Miguel, he's a good guy, but nevertheless...
When I just...
I checked all my my space outlets there.
Christopher and he's just vanished.
I mean, you know, he's the profile still there,
but he isn't responding.
Now, like he isn't responding for like a day or a few days?
A couple days.
And I'm talking about in terms of what we were just saying about Gwen coming in with the food
and all this other BS that he's been promising for weeks.
In fact, Gwen first...
First time he talked about his lady friend, she had a different name.
Then all of a sudden she was Gwen.
Oh, so...
Yeah.
If there really is such a person, either she's another one with Phantom names
or maybe there isn't really such a person after all, you know.
Yeah, it's just got bogus.
You got one?
It just got bogus to me.
Huh?
8.95 on a pool.
Man, I think we really have a shot of the thousand.
We need 105 votes in 52 minutes.
So that's just...
That's about average what we usually need about two a minute.
Wait, can you say that again? How many minutes?
52.
That's a wonderful thing to say.
See, fat people they don't like to work.
I have no problem working, but, you know.
Yeah, oh yeah, I can tell.
900 votes. Now, see, that was a nice chunk just came in there.
Now they're starting to give me their support, even though this pool is crap.
And I know one. See that?
Really making a move.
And I got my music off here.
Oh, god, I love this thing.
Bad show.
That right there.
You don't like that for the ball game? It's only a minute.
Yeah, it's not a minute.
I think it's kind of nice.
I see anything wrong with that.
I could play a good times because George is on vacation this week.
In fact, I got it on here on the same disc.
I don't know why he hates that theme.
Good time, good time, good time, good time.
What's wrong with that theme? I think it's a big sound.
I think it's just fun.
Keep thinking about it above water. I just love it.
I love it.
I might play that instead.
So you'll have to stay tuned for the pregame show.
Then you can turn it right off.
Oh, come on. This isn't one of those exhibitionist games.
This is opening day boys and girls.
That's right.
Everybody get all whipped up about it.
We love them, Marlins, especially when they play early in the middle of the week.
Come on. You're going to watch a little baseball this year.
You know, you are.
Am I going to want to see your coming out again, bad?
You're going to watch a little baseball this year.
I know you are.
See the word, cut out.
Am I going to watch baseball?
Yeah.
No.
So you weren't there toward the end of last week when I was talking about the fact that you couldn't pay me.
See, that's why I made a video.
Wait a minute. You said you watched a little bit of last night.
A little bit last night.
The meds in the card.
They'll say I couldn't even tell you who the meds were playing.
That's how much interest I had.
And who was doing the go?
Yeah, John Miller.
No, he's good.
He's okay.
I just don't like his fake excitement.
I just, you know, but I mean, like with the Orioles, he was good.
But the Orioles had Chuck Thompson who was even better.
And then the guy that I can't think of his name.
And nobody knows who I'm talking about who does the Orioles now.
Who's great, great broadcaster, I can't think of his name.
I know that rumor was very jealous of him.
No, he doesn't do it.
Now he does the Washington Nationals, as a matter of fact.
So if anybody can't you get all these broadcasters online,
or do you have to have like serious directs in them?
I mean, I could Google them.
I don't know which one.
Yeah.
I do the one TV guy.
Yeah.
Okay.
You'll tell me the guy's name immediately.
I'll say, yeah, that's the guy.
He's great.
He's not good.
He's great.
908 on the pool, by the way.
We need 92 votes in 50 minutes.
We can do it.
Just came into my mind.
Did you find it?
Oh, I had somebody else.
You did what?
I have somebody else.
Well, that means there were one where you said TV, didn't you?
Yeah.
Washington Nationals.
Yeah.
What does it say in your thing?
Well, the play by play guy is Bob Carpenter.
And who, and Mel Proctor, is not listed there?
Not at all.
There's a bunch.
There's three other guys on here, including Don Sutton and Charlie Slows and some other
Turd.
But, uh, no, I didn't get that.
Mel Proctor, maybe I just want to be on their website.
I wanna get Americans, it's me, you know.
They stand by for news.
Abigail McGillen, an elderly woman, answered a knock at the door one day, only to be confronted
by a well-dressed young man carrying a vacuum cleaner.
I'll say it again.
The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner.
Good morning, said the man.
If I could take a couple of moments of your time, I'd like to demonstrate the very latest
and high-powered vacuum cleaners.
Go away, said Abigail.
I haven't gotten any money.
And she proceeded to close the door.
Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open.
Don't be too hasty, he said to Abigail.
Not until you have at least seen my demonstration.
With that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet.
If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet matum,
I will personally eat the remainder.
Abigail stepped back and chuckled and said, well, I hope you've got a damn good appetite
because they cut off my electricity this morning.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day.
Now, practice a long time TV sportscaster working for a month of his Baltimore Orioles, Washington
Nats, San Diego Padres, and L.A. Clippers at various points in his career.
He also did radio play by a play during his career work at working for the Washington
Bullets and the New Jersey Nets in the 80s.
Practice was played by a play announcer for the Washington Nationals baseball, teaming with
former Major Leagueer Ron Darling.
I think that's why he got candy, kept calling him Darling.
During the middle-annick sports network, didn't return for the 2006 season though.
He's well known for making practical jokes on here and making reading stats out of the
media guide.
Whatever that means.
He's a great broadcaster, so I guess he either got candy or he retired it or something
happened like that.
You've never heard him out of the proctor?
Yes, I have.
When was that?
Just for me now or in the past?
No, I've heard him before.
You've heard him?
I've heard of him, yes.
But you've never heard his work, though.
I probably have.
He's excellent.
He's a great broadcaster.
919 votes on the pool.
We're going to do it.
We're going to make 1,000 by 1230.
If it's the last thing we do, baby, I'm going to show you guys a lesson.
The old timer here, huh?
The old fart's going to roll up the sleeves.
Of course, I got a short sleeve shirt.
You know, that's one thing I have a fetish about long sleeve shirts.
Do we do you guys ever wear long sleeve shirts?
When I go out, dress up, I will.
Like an azoot suit?
Go now.
Go like downtown like a collar long sleeve shirt?
Yeah.
Like a button down collar.
Right.
In a real fancy match, you like with a tie?
No.
No.
And a crobat?
Oh, what?
And a vest?
I don't even know what that is, a crobat.
I don't know.
I don't even know how you said.
I know it's very distinguished.
Very distinguished.
It's like some of the brits do.
You know, like the brits that have the monocle.
Do you ever see those old-time movies where the brits had the monocle?
And silly, the brits are silly.
They always have and always will be.
900, let me refresh it one more time.
This is going to be right out of the wire.
And on pass over and unless, pace off when all the Jews, of course, will burn in health.
They vote on the pulpit.
That's only after Sunday.
You're safe to let your Sunday.
You got pace off and then we got Easter, good Friday on Friday and Easter Sunday on Sunday
and we're all going to go out and roll the Easter eggs in the front lawn and Easter
bunnies going to come hop, hop, hop in the lawn.
Such a bunch of stupid crack, man.
920, we're 80 votes short.
We got 12 and 30, 52, 52 minutes for 80 votes.
Can he do it?
Because that would really make us rock solid.
You could do that, you think?
Oh, sure.
Now during the last break, toward the beginning of the break, I actually cut out, I thought
it was just gone.
The audio from down there, just for like several seconds.
So are they actually trying to do something?
Is that what that tells me or is it just that the thing is getting deteriorating, getting
worse and worse?
And Brandon, by the way, says Josh couldn't find my phone number with the help of the FBI.
He sent you some kind of a caustic message.
Okay.
Hey, don't be knocking Brandon, he's a good guy.
Okay, he's a little mysterious, but people aren't telling him to be mysterious.
He's a good guy.
He's a fine human being.
And about your question, I would go with option B. What was that?
That they're not working on it.
It's just deteriorating at the moment.
No, just there until you got through saying a moment, it was fine.
But then I could hear like, a little burp there at the end.
A little, a little one.
From talking to George, it seems like they've done what they can think of here.
Once Greg is there and they can kind of talk and go back and forth, they'll try to do
all that stuff.
In other words, once we get a real engineer around the cases, then we'll get a fix
is what he's trying to send you.
I guess.
That's terrible.
Did you pass along my message about he can just come right on in?
Yes, I did.
You can play the rooftop singers, walk right in, sit right down.
923 votes on a pool.
We need 77.
And we got 11 and 41 minutes.
That's less than two a minute.
This crowd can do it.
They will come through for me.
You'll see.
And one of the reasons they're going to come through is because there's still, even
also a regular season game, and it's opening day.
There are a lot of people out there still really pretty PO.
They'd rather hear that last time.
I want a half of the legendary Nearodger show.
Oh, God.
As opposed to some stupid ball game.
But it'll be nice.
Because it's going to be a chance to go over the bank and raise Holy Hill.
Now, I see.
I mean, I already know I'm American because I got all my info in there.
But Canadians generally, I mean, I've seen some people get pretty pissed off here about
various things.
But generally, there are like two polite, especially Torontonians, very polite, very
low-key.
And to go in and make a scene like that would be very un-Canadian, eh?
You know what I mean?
No.
In other words, if you go out of the supermarket and you get pushy and they, you know,
you're like the fourth person online and the cancer is diddling around and dorking
around.
Or the person who's up there now is like fumbling through his change, a little change
thing and trying to find the exact same thing.
And you start getting impatient.
They're looking to think, well, that must be an American, you know?
No, I'm just telling you that's not making that up.
That's just the way it is.
So every Canadian is just easy going?
I wouldn't say every Canadian.
I mean, some of the hockey players have a temper on them.
Get a little pissed off.
And some of them are dumber than sawed us like the niece Pop Van, whose belly it can
be.
Oh, that was really great by any of them.
By Belford.
That was really cool.
That was really cool.
You got to love that.
Yeah, you got to love the stupid penalty you got for it.
That cost in the game at overtime.
You stupid dumb frog you.
You idiot.
You simple.
God is here, moron.
Ed Tantser, that's Tant not Taint.
The eye were just starting to circle around Bush.
Erragance, ignorance, incompetence, and irresponsibility are just four of many words which could
describe the White House of Misadministration of President Bush and his crew, who
so rapidly transformed the ship of state into a pirate ship.
Now Bush's ship is riddled with cannon fire and deservedly sinking and one conservative
Republican already is hinting at the possibility of impeaching the president.
Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska, being an unmore veteran and possible presidential contender
in 2008, said in the April edition of S. Quartermagazine that Bush blindly consider
himself unaccountable for his mistakes, manacity, and misadventures.
You can impeach him and before this is over, he might see calls for his impeachment
said the Republican's stalwart.
Actually, calls for the impeachment of the Bush-Chainy regime have run long and loud
for years from the anti-war movement.
As is so off in the case, American dissidents are far ahead of political leaders of either
of the two major corporate political parties in this country.
Now because of such Bushlings scams and scandals as the law broke, yes?
What happened?
We get cut.
What happened?
We lost?
Hello, hello.
Oh, don't tell me you lost the line.
Am I gone?
It must be I've got to be on that end.
Am I fat?
Still off?
Oh.
I can hear that.
I can hear you.
Can you hear me?
Hello.
Hello.
Can you hear me?
Can't hear me?
Gone?
On?
Out?
Off?
In?
What's the deal?
Are you hearing you at all?
Is it cutting out?
Is it on?
Give me a high sign, low sign.
You there now?
I'm here.
Oh my god.
Oh, well that was interesting.
You know what happened?
Did you get any of that?
Did I get any of what?
I heard the music you were playing.
Oh, yeah.
Because we lost to you.
The reason why we lost you is because they decided to not tell us that they were switching.
So we're hearing pre-game without hearing you at all.
I was hearing Dave.
Yeah, we're hearing Dave and them down the line.
And we weren't here.
I was hearing the middle of this important article about him peaching Dan Bush for
crying out loud.
And I got a Schmidt candidate.
I was sitting how long was I off for crying out loud.
I heard you saying hello.
Everybody else was hearing you.
George and I weren't hearing you.
I mean, Josh and I weren't hearing you.
So in other words, everything you read got with our audience.
He gets a bonus today.
The audience is hearing everything just fine.
It's just that I can't hear anything half the time because it's cutting out.
And you're not hearing anything because they switched something on your ass there.
I don't understand.
What do you mean they switched?
What does that mean?
Normally we run through the board in the other room.
But if they want to, they can change it and make this room QAM.
And they do stuff like record spots in the other room.
Well, they decided to do that without telling us so I can switch it over here.
So we're hearing what's coming out over the air.
So instead, Josh and I are just hearing Dave Ben and everything.
And we're not hearing you.
But the radio station had you going out there.
So everything you said went out to all of our, one to talk.
I could have finished my damn story.
It was an important story for Christ's sakes.
I'm pace off, Noah's.
I think it's a damn QAM conspiracy.
Yeah, probably.
I think the Nazi party is behind it.
If you ask me, I think a bunch of fascist lunatics are behind it.
I think that bitch from the bank, I think Wells Fargo is behind today.
Oh, look at that.
The superintendent Chicago police is resigned.
Well, that's big news.
Look at that big fat, my god.
Look, that's a cop.
He makes me look like Rumpel Stilskin on a bad day.
Makes me look like a hummingbird in heat.
Now, what's the story on a pull?
I don't want to get this thing screwed up because they can't hear me.
But they could hear me.
You just couldn't.
Yeah, they could hear you.
We just couldn't.
Well, that's good. That's what's important.
I couldn't give a crap less if you can hear me or not.
Nine thirty-nine means we need sixty-one votes in thirty-five minutes.
Now, that's less than two a minute.
That's no problem.
Nine forty.
Oh, a nice chunk.
I remember I used to work at nine forty-one.
It was WYNZ when it was a good station when it was worth listening to.
Because I was on it.
Does that sound a little arrogant and egotistical?
Absolutely.
Good.
1156 EQ and Marlon pregame.
The Marlon's at the Washington NAS.
Pregame at twelve thirty to the game time at one-on-one-on-five.
We do that again on Wednesday.
I think they ought to play every day at twelve thirty.
I think eleven fifteen sounds good to me.
Oh!
What eight sixty-one?
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalent massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12th of one hour.
I'm moving ahead.
It's been paired with how worthy of five twenty-five thousand and fifty-five thousand.
I'm going to have a lovely, lovely, lovely.
Two listeners in the audience will be excited to hear the new comma.
Come, come, come.
Oh, come, come.
Come, come, come.
Come, come, come.
Come, come.
Come, come.
Well, it's not sports related, which could be the situation.
Oh, no, it's sports related.
All right.
And that's what makes it funnical.
Fun, fun, fun, funny.
Yeah, funny, for us to giggle.
Okay, here it is, gentlemen.
I'm going to get this electronic device to work.
I'm making sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with the mouth.
I make sounds with the mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
Whirk, whisk, whisk, whisk, whisk, whisk...
I want to play to the
okay
I'll take trouble to a five six year W. F. M. O. E.
Less than a half hour away from opening day.
All right.
And I'm all I'm bringing show 9.59 in the pool.
I'm not going to read the poll result because it's a bad poll.
If we can do a thousand by twelve thirty on this poll.
That's going to be a real feather in your
Brackham camp.
Whoever you are.
Whoever wants to take credit for it.
I would want to I would want to take credit for this poll on
any circumstances.
9.62 you notice how every time we change it now when I refresh
it they're coming in a nice big chunks.
Mmm.
9.62 thirty eight votes in twenty eight minutes.
That's not even close to two a minute anymore.
See how the ratio is coming down nice.
It's sympathy votes.
So I'm just I'm just going to ignore you.
Okay.
I think you're under a lot of pressure because Josh is there this week and wants his old job back.
Oh no.
It's all good.
He is there isn't he?
You are there.
I'm here man.
I don't know.
I mean every now and then.
What do you think I want?
Who knows you could be wondering around a building of beaten engineers with a baseball bat.
I have no idea.
Maybe you like a out knocking mailbox is down again.
I have no idea.
I'm going to have to like censor this next story.
It's not our website.
Islamic countries can suck Jesus's chocolate covered is the headline.
Jesus Christ.
Yeah, I can't read the word.
Spell it.
I'm going to spell it.
Spell it.
No, yeah.
I'm not going to spell it either.
See.
Oh.
Islamic countries want to ban speech to defend religious sensibilities.
You want to know why?
Because they're religion sucks and they can't defend it.
It's this thing.
So instead of engaging others in the marketplace of ideas they try to prohibit speech they can't counter.
They push through a resolution in the UN Human Rights Council that prohibits any speech that
defends Islam.
That is so stupid.
Oh, have I offended you?
I guess I should be banned then.
Meanwhile, over here in this part of Never Never Land the Catholic crazies are all freaked
out of where chocolate Jesus.
So what?
I just don't get it.
I'm being literal.
I don't understand what's offensive about a chocolate Jesus.
I didn't read the part of the Bible that talks about not making graven images of Lord
in chocolate and it's possible since the Bible's got so many other things that are institutionally
nuts I wouldn't rule it out.
Why does anyone care that it's in chocolate?
I understand when people were freaked out when an artist covered the Virgin Mary and cow
don't.
That's feces.
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to a middle of experts to figure that one out.
But what's offensive about chocolate?
The other part of this so-called chocolate Jesus controversy is his penis.
Apparently he has one.
I don't know what it says here.
It's got another word.
Apparently he has one.
Someone hide the children.
It turns out humans have penises.
No, you don't say.
My guess is that if Jesus actually existed he would get a good belly laugh out of people
being offended that he had a penis.
You don't worry about feeding the poor or anything like that.
Just upstairs over Jesus's chocolate covered penis.
I'm sure that's what the good Lord would have wanted.
So is the argument that Jesus didn't have one?
Or were people offended because it was too big, too small, too immaculate, not immaculate
enough?
Note to crazy Christians.
Male humans had penises.
I know that comes as a giant chocolate disappointment to you, but I swear you have to get used
to it.
And yes, even your Lord and Savior had one, even if he never used it.
By the way, if Jesus never had an orgasm the whole time he was alive, no premarital
sex, no masturbation, he must have walked around with the biggest erection in creation.
How do you depict blue balls in chocolate?
Since I could you have to like to dance around the edges of the story?
Are you following this so far?
Oh, I'm following.
Oh, definitely.
Good.
Since Jesus is also a prophet in Islam, I guess I killed two holy birds with one heretical
stone here.
I've offended thee.
Whoop thee do.
Here's the part you don't understand.
I don't believe in your voodoo.
So I don't care that I'm offending your mythical non-existent gods covered in chocolate
with balls that ache like there's no tomorrow.
It's like getting mad at me for offending Zeus and Artemis.
I don't care.
They don't exist, considering their feelings is beyond preposterous.
I'm not living in your fantasy world.
It must be noted that in this case the Muslims are even more wrong than the Christians.
The Catholics are being super goofy, but ultimately who cares about their bruised feelings?
If the Norse were pushed off of me because I made fun of their fruit-covered Thor with
a raspberry penis, I would much care either.
But when the Muslims try to quiet all these sent because they can't make a half-way
decent argument in favor of their religion, they cross a line.
You're allowed to have your wacky and dangerous ideas if I'm allowed to have my reasonable
ones.
When you try to take away our right to speak, that ends the conversation.
That's the free flow of ideas when it comes to an end.
Even though I think your ideas have led to the senseless deaths of millions upon millions,
I still wouldn't prohibit them.
I don't need to.
Their ashenon will allimately be defeated.
I believe in the power of reason and the long run ironically that the devout don't have
faith in their faith.
That's why they have to clock to send.
That's what they've been doing for centuries now.
Both Muslims and Christians have been killing people that challenge their orthodoxy for
the last two thousand years.
Remember the Catholic Church in prison Galileo when he said the earth went around the
sun.
While Galileo said in prison, the earth still revolved around the sun, funny how that works.
You can prohibit certain speech while you want, but it doesn't make it any less true.
So you take your food and I'll take reason in logic and let's do ideological battle.
I might not win in the short term because humanity is an infant that's still struggling
to open its eyes.
But ultimately my victory is inevitable unless the court of religious kills all first.
You can make all the loony tune arguments you like and you can even whine over cartoons
in my habit or chop their cover Jesus'es.
But when you say I'm not even allowed to speak back, well that's fighting words.
Nice going sank.
What a good article huh?
Jesus will be chocolate.
Yeah that's right.
That's what Ray Nagan had said.
Nuclehead.
A chocolate Jesus.
He's going to come to Nalines and get drunk on his ass because that's all anybody ever
went to New Orleans for anyways, get laid and get drunk, which most people probably
knew that at home.
At least part of that.
970 four-hots boy we are going to do it and I bet you I bet you even Joe Angel will
be proud.
I remember we took a poll and was this back in Iowa, where's our kids?
I guess it was on QAM.
How long ago did Joe Angel get canned?
Would you say?
Give or take.
How long has been in your belief for years?
Oh yeah so it's definitely on QAM.
I remember we took a poll about your favorite Marlon Broadcaster and Joe Angel won by a
mile.
Hands down.
Not even close.
He was great broadcaster.
He thanked me on here.
He didn't mention my name but he said the poll takers and the whatever.
He actually knows my existence.
Which I wouldn't imagine that your buddy Dave Ann Bourne would have known my existence
because he probably say that fat fat you know like that.
Well all you do is bash him but I did tell you that John Miller likes you.
Yeah.
Of course all the real broadcasters love me.
Harry Carey loved me came on his show.
Joe Bourne loves me the voice of the pathetic Toronto Maple Leafs who lost 72 to the Rangers
last night.
Boy I talk about a choke job.
My God.
Not as bad as the Panthers though man.
That was really weak.
And there's that dumb frog Denise Fattban.
Fatt pan.
Opening up a big mouth.
Oh that was great Eddie you gotta love that.
Yeah.
You gotta love when somebody gets a stupid two minute primal penalty for like putting
down the old swan die routine and overacting.
Of course when he gets to be as old as Eddie gets to be a little senile I know I know
all about getting old.
977 23 votes and 21 minutes man if we can't do that we're hanging it up.
Stick it.
Good bye Scooter.
Liddy li-liddy li-liddy li-liddy li-liddy li-liddy
You out in secret egg and some of the feel then God don't kill.
Like the king you're a treasonous fool.
Can't hit your boyfriend's in the twos.
Looks like the time for flipping.
I'd like to ask working under and dick from your vantage point.
Does Jamie have a mole on his hand?
Here we go again.
I never knew.
You're a fine man.
We'll find a pin the head.
We'll never know how many agents die cause of your thick mouth.
With love no back and no overjoy.
You too.
When you see yourself that changing you can ask why is he lines with that?
1214-560 WQ and it's an exciting day.
It's opening day.
Take me out to the ballgame.
You can smell the jock straps and the gloves and the baseballs and the ointment and the litament
and the whatever.
Can't you?
No.
Of course not the games in Washington for Christ's sake.
992 votes.
We're going to make the thousand easy now.
There's not even any pressure in that code.
Yeah.
I'm way too old for there to be too much pressure.
All you people rationalizing.
Well, you know, maybe it's well as far ago or somebody else in the bank said that banks
haven't got a right to hold you money, man.
And when they can see on there that you made a cash deposit and they still go ahead and
bounce the check, you know what it sounds like to me?
It sounds like somebody there ought to be shot.
You know what I'm saying?
And if this was America where I could go out under 441 and any pawn shop and buy me a real cheap
piece or even an expensive one, I'd go in there and I'd blow a few people away and teach
them a lesson.
Have a nice day, eh?
But I guess I can't do that.
994.
And you know what?
I'm so envious by the pull and I'm even going to be the result.
I'm not even going to be the question.
Right?
Yeah, just give us a thousand votes.
Then that's right.
Forget about the question or what the pull question is.
Just give it.
I like that.
Give us a thousand votes.
What's your question?
I'm not telling you.
996.
I guess I'll tell you the question.
When you say, when you vote, I hate this pull.
What are you really saying?
What do you really mean?
Huh?
What do you really be saying?
Let me refresh that baby.
996 plus, you'll see, 999.
Oh, happy day by the Edwin Hawkins thing was George played the last week.
Good thing I don't want to pull pressure on you to play it again.
Oh, happy day, 999.
The next vote is going to be number 1,000.
Is this one of the great moments in radio history?
Sure, one of them.
You don't seem to care.
Of course, you never cared when you worked on the show.
I can't get anybody else to care about this.
I said, then with the thing I care.
Yes.
Let me refresh it one more time.
It's one more time.
Do do do do do do do do.
Right.
And it's still 999.
Jesus.
See, they always do this to me.
They love to...
Almost as if they're psychic.
They all like they've got a chain, a daisy chain going.
Yeah, a thousand.
And we have a thousand.
Yes.
How do you like that?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
I think it was a very exciting moment.
We started out with what?
About five votes when the show started.
It was pretty weak.
Yeah, it was pretty bad.
It was pretty bad for what we usually have when we started even on the Monday.
See, when you change the pool on Sunday for Monday, what I'm going to have to do is they're doing it on Saturdays.
Because Sunday, who the hell?
I mean, what kind of a life could you possibly have if you're voting on our pool on Sunday, you know?
Oh, people are doing it.
Well, not that many.
Not as like on a regular weekday.
Oh, what kind of life today of any way if they're voting on our pool?
Thousand votes.
Thank you so very much for whatever that means.
And we got the big Marlon game coming up.
Oh, excuse me, by the way, for hitting that.
Do you notice I hit that in the middle of a spot or something?
No, I didn't notice that.
We were out of the studio.
You were out of the studio doing what?
I was in the main studio talking with Carlos.
And by the way, I hate to break the news to you.
I'm very excited to break the news to you.
Maybe it's because we got the thousand votes.
Guess what's going on?
What's going on?
You're not breaking up anymore.
Really?
Wow.
At all.
At all.
That's because I went in the main studio and fixed a few things.
Yeah, you kicked a couple of things.
I kicked a game.
And of course, it's on your end.
They met a quality engineer and told him, well, forget about it.
I don't want my good buddy Greg, the engineer here in Toronto wasting his time coming up here
and checking.
Just don't leave your door open anymore.
He won't be able to get in.
Well, no, somebody's got to tell him not to come.
He'll be really poked at me.
You're trying to cause bad relations, aren't you?
Guy, I think it's a racial thing myself because he's a dark guy.
So I think it's a racial thing on your part.
He's chocolate.
He's a chocolate guy.
And I wonder if he's got a chocolate covered in raspberry.
A study on teen bullying shows that lesbian and gay teens are three times more likely than heterosexual
teens to report being bullied.
It's clear that a sexual minority youth are a population vulnerable to bullying, researcher
Elise Burland, and he says in a new release.
This needs to be addressed, especially in school, says Burland, who works in the adolescent
medicine division of children's hospital Boston.
She and her college stayed more than 7,500 US youths who are between the ages of 14 and
22, with an average of 17 in 2001.
Participants completed surveys in 2001 about bullying in their sexual orientation.
In the surveys they described their feelings of attraction as completely heterosexual, mostly
heterosexual, bisexual, mostly homosexual, completely homosexual or unsure as in, uh,
Burland's team excluded data from participants.
Burland's team excluded data from participants who were uncertain of their sexual orientation.
Among these study, 90% described themselves as completely heterosexual, another 8% called
themselves mostly heterosexual, and about 1% called themselves bisexual when they wanted
to buy it.
The researchers combined the mostly homosexual and completely homosexual responses into
one lesbian gay category.
About 1% of the participants were in this group.
Lesbian or gay participants were three times as likely as heterosexual youth to report
ever having been bullied.
In contrast, Lesbian or gay youth were about 80% less likely than heterosexuals to say they
had bullied somebody else.
How do you like that?
You're fairing.
Exactly.
Oh, 2015 votes.
See, look at the way they're coming through for the old man now and big clumps, baby, and
big clumps on pace off, no less.
Now, I'm serious.
Did you tell course that to make sure he gets a hold of him on my body?
Well, when I, we go to a commercial, I will.
Well, you don't have to wait.
I mean, this is important.
I don't want the guy to schlep it over here and then find in the doors locked and I'm
out here.
I'm certainly not going to leave my door wide open.
So I'm going to the bank to pee on her desk or his or whoever's whoever's, whoever's
sitting at that desk.
You better put on your depends on your rubber raincoat right now because the old man is coming
and going to release a flood.
You think the Lord got all been out of shape.
No one better start building the new ark.
That's how peered I am.
Got hundreds of dollars to spare in the account that I hardly ever even use and now I can
see why I don't use it.
When you're dealing with a horse ball outfit like that, I'm not going to say even, even
though it's Canadian, I'm not going to say what it is.
For obvious reasons, right?
No, why?
I don't know.
I just don't think it's a good idea.
Do you?
No.
What you do because you don't care.
You don't give a crap about such things.
You don't even work on a show anymore.
We're just here as a visitor now eating our free food.
Okay.
Well, I eat your free food anyway.
I told Course O to call him and tell me, how did that just happen, by the way?
Miracles?
When we got the thousand votes.
I hit the magic one.
The magic twangers.
I parked my magic twangers.
They said on the buster browns were maybe divine a hundred years old.
Thank your magic twanger, froggy.
Froggy started plunking his twangers.
And all of a sudden you guys came back on loud and queer.
Do we want to run the test real quick to make sure everything's working fine?
I am telling you, there is no...
How long have I seen efforts for two and a half hours of this crap?
Don't you think I know if you're cutting out or not?
So I'm old in the scene now.
Okay, I'm a silly old queen, but don't you...
Haven't I been doing this long enough that I have some little kind of judgment about it?
A.
It's as fine as fine wine.
It's day-o!
If I have any talent, I'd fly six o' WQA.
President Bush continues to urge patients.
His success will take months, not days or weeks.
As the war and the wreckage from old,
I'm a mortgage, it's for crop clothes.
When the ten hours are no pension,
I'd say I pay the pension watch,
Dancing with the stars.
I got a debt up to my eye.
A job has been down by eye.
We need a revolution, and I'll find a solution.
After dancing with the stars, I'm on.
Dancing with the stars, oh!
Dancing with the stars.
Don't care what's on the news.
I've got to see the new moon,
Dancing with the stars.
Everything you do just captivates us.
You've got such joy.
You're exudes such joy in the dance world.
Oh, yeah.
That's the important stuff, folks.
Get your priorities straight and out.
1027 votes, man.
If you were to tell me at the beginning of this show today,
that we would do 1027 votes,
you know what I'm just saying?
But, oh, little crazy person.
Now, let's double check on this
and make sure that you're all suned and nice and, you know...
All right, well, how's it's done, man?
Excellent.
And Chris, how's it sound to you?
Oh, my God, it's sound just like you.
I wouldn't say excellent, but it sounds just like you.
Why, thank you.
You're welcome.
Now, you know damn well.
You know as well that this isn't in the straightness
self-oblucated by osmosis or some miracle,
some act of God, even...
Oh, God!
You know that.
But it certainly was nothing here,
because nobody was working on anything here, eh?
Am I right?
Yes, you are.
Nobody did over anything here.
I mean, we tried a few things based on them saying,
well why is John plugged this?
See, that's always the key with them, you know.
I'm plugged a few things and then plug them back in
and then maybe by some miracle little
thickest itself back up again.
Well, maybe I'll sit on the shelf.
So, you got me...
I got stared with the bank and are you going to get me going again?
Not a good idea.
Not a good idea, Chris.
I think you cut out again
when I think I misunderstood whatever you just said there.
Would you like me to say it again?
No.
Anyway, we got the Marlins and the Washington Nats.
There used to be the Syracuse Nats.
They played basketball, golf, Shades, and Johnny Kerr.
That's for us old, old-timers from a thousand years ago.
The Syracuse Nats.
And then they went out of business.
And now there's the Washington Nats,
who also someday, probably very soon,
will also go out of business and not soon enough.
Hank from rivals after the game,
Eddie K from rivals seven at 10 to nine.
Don't switch that dial now.
Not just yet.
We'll give it a high sign.
The high sign.
Happy face-off, by the way.
Don't eat no trade.
