The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the host, guest, and collars.
And do not reflect those of the Beasy Brock has group.
It's staff, advertisers, for agencies.
The biggest niggas, the best talent, this is 43560 WQAAM Miami Ford Latter-Tick.
The Rock Solid.
Yeah, we sure are. Make no mistake about it.
We're so rock solid that we got nothing going on now.
What's going on?
There we go.
I forgot the audition.
It was on. It just wasn't an audition for me.
Yeah, yeah.
Friday, you first, dude.
Since everything and everyone at Disney World is out of the closet, third to speak, we now
have special gay days.
We've changed the rides to suit our lifestyle.
Yo, ho, ho.
Be a splash-buckler on butt pirates of the Caribbean.
And we've modified the tunnel terror so you can ride with Mickey's.
And what kind of people generally are bigoted, stupid people like Tim Hardaway, for example.
I'm going to go with South Floridaians.
And a lot of that in South Florida.
The word that comes to mind, and I've used this for years and years about South Florida,
it's a parochial place.
That's why what they call it, a world-class city.
I just pee in my pants laughing.
There is nothing world-class about Miami.
World-class hate.
And world-class crime.
And world-class bigotry.
But there's nothing world-class.
I mean, I haven't been in all the cities I've been in.
And living in a place that's about as tolerant as any place I'll ever find in my life, knock
on wood.
Thank goodness.
It's just pathetic comedy.
Narrow-minded, stupid people.
I like the guy to end him.
And I will say this, everybody in their brother just loved that show yesterday, man.
When Joe Bell comes in and just pees all over my leg, I had to change my box shoe shorts
four times after he got out of there this morning.
Am I right, Chris?
Oh, definitely.
And you also had a duck starting the day also, like that.
Yeah, but you know, hey, duck.
You're fair.
Yeah, duck was in there, thinkling all over the place.
But that's not unusual for her.
But anyway.
We have to thank Duff for having keys to George's room also.
Oh, that's right.
It's a dang good thing that the duck was in there because she's the one that got Chris
in for George's out.
He's not sick today, but his whole family is sick.
So a deserved well day off for little George, okay?
And it's a good thing he didn't have the day off because he was going to come in and give
me a lecture this morning about what a jerk I am.
But I already know that.
Why would you do?
No, nothing unusual.
It's just my insecurity, it's my stupidity and my just general being a jerk.
And that's just the way I am, you know?
And he just likes giving me a lecture and he was going to do it again.
And it's all for not.
Everything is wonderful, okay?
My life is beautiful.
You got it?
Well, I don't think you're a jerk.
I think you have your insecurities, but I don't know about the jerk.
What is your story, man?
Chris was doing that yesterday, sucking up, and now what's your deal?
No, it's not stupid.
It's not stupid to go.
Or three days ago, yeah.
What do you just say?
Say it again.
So I'm sure I actually heard what I thought.
I said, I don't think you're a jerk.
I think you have your insecurities.
You might be on the right track to that.
But yeah.
Yeah, I know you're buying me a new flavor wave of it.
So, oh, I see.
Not a jerk to me, buddy.
Yeah, well, I can't stop the delivery.
So you don't have to kiss my ass, okay?
There's nothing I can do to stop it.
No, I just have had.
As you know, I've had a couple of months, a little bit of a rocky road on the internet
there to say the best, starting with all the Jacob stuff.
And of course, I take that out on other people who are like, you know, a thousand times
the person that that one would ever be.
And I just get, and it's not right.
It's wrong.
So I apologize to all concerns.
I'm just occasionally a jerk, but they know that.
And they're, you know, tolerant as opposed to a lot of you who are intolerant.
So anyway, the call this morning on Kenny and Bob Morning Show.
I'm sitting here and I'm assuming George is sick.
And there are a lot of things I assume.
And generally, when I assume something, it's absolutely...
Correct, sir.
And I assume he was going to be calm and sick.
Because if he's not there by 830, 835, he ain't going to be there.
And then Chris, of course, was having a little more technical difficulty left the program
on in the back.
And I'm saying, hey, is anybody there?
What's going on?
You know, it just...
It was a little bit...
Well, that's a little...
Not a good job, right?
Not a good job, right?
You had to George turning it off.
So I didn't even worry about it in the morning.
Yeah.
So he took it for granted, but he wasn't there, so automatically it turned itself off.
That's okay.
I'm not giving you a hard time.
You guys do a wonderful job.
Everybody's kissy-kissy this morning.
I'm in a spectacular mood.
My life is sweet, complete.
Nothing could be better.
Except listening to the Kenny and Bo morning show.
And I don't know what's being said on the other sports shows.
And I don't want to rehash the whole show from yesterday, but there's a lot more fall
out and a lot more to be said.
And the caller calls in Kenny and Bo.
And he says, oh, I took my kids to Disney World last summer and there were guys holding
hands and one guy with his arm around another guy.
And I really was uncomfortable and nobody warned us about it.
And I'm telling you, I just wanted to scream.
I just wanted to go to the window and open it up like Howard Beale.
And just scream out the window.
I'm just screaming mad at hell.
I'm just going to take this anymore.
When are you people going to grow up and stop being so parochial?
Sock two guys holding hands.
You know, I can't think of any city, including Rome.
And I'm sure the Pope isn't too happy about it.
I can't think of any city, of any size in a world that I've traveled to, where you won't
see guys holding hands.
And of course, in Italy, like I've told you before, and it's got nothing to do with sex
or anything like that.
But the guys, even the young guys, you know, friends, buddies.
They see each other, maybe they haven't seen each other in a day or two or whatever.
And they see each other and they go up and kiss each other on both cheeks.
And a different culture.
That's a cultural thing.
That's right.
And of course, if they were to see guys kissing each other on both cheeks,
Braco will not those cheeks, but kissing each other on the face immediately.
Oh my God, my kids, what's going to happen to my kids?
Let me tell you what you get about Amsterdam.
One of the many things that I find amazing, it's a frustrating city because they're living
in the past in so many ways.
It's archaic.
And if you want to live there, it's very difficult.
I told you about it.
And this goes back to the thing with soap and body wash.
You've had them in the used body wash.
You wouldn't have to worry about getting the soap dish.
Back, that's true.
But when I had the apartment there, I had to go to like six places before I could find
a damn soap dish because everything is so backward and so archaic.
But by the same token, they have, you know, in the red light district,
there are all these sex shops, shakitah, sexy shop and all these other places.
They've got all these big dildos in the windows and all the sexual oriented stuff.
And to make a lot of history, sure, you'll always see groups of like school kids.
They take tours of the thing.
Little kids, I'm talking about like five school kids.
They take tours of the red light district.
Yes, that's awesome.
Yeah.
And they're looking and the teacher is explaining, but a beep, but a boop, but a bop.
And nobody is like, titty.
And of course, then when you see the tourists, especially from America.
And they're like walking by.
And I'm talking about adults, not teenagers.
I'm talking about adults.
People in their 40s, 50s, old cockers like me.
And they're looking at this stuff and I, oh my god, look at that thing.
That's the difference.
America, you know, I talk about the British being constipated, which they absolutely
are.
And of course, keep in mind who the people who settled in America and who the ancestors
of you folks are for the most part.
But it's just pathetic to me how parochial South Florida is.
I mean, how unusual would be to go to New York?
Now I'm just talking about in the village, but just anywhere in New York city
or like in Chicago to see two guys holding hands.
They're here in Toronto.
How can you go on church street or young street here and not see two guys?
Maybe with their armor on each other?
And what the hell does it mean?
Okay, are they going to have sex out there in Disney World right now on the ride?
Are they riding on it?
What are you people thinking about?
He was offended by it.
I'm offended by you, sir.
I'm offended by your ignorance and I feel sorry for your kids.
What was going to happen to your kids if they saw two guys holding hands?
Well, they'd have to ask him and he'd have to explain it.
And what would he have to say that their friends looked the other way, son?
Yeah, look the other way.
They're queer.
They're fairies.
They're all whatever.
Yeah, like that.
You know, this business about there's so much hate in the world.
I don't want to start getting my yes, I do.
I'm going to go off on my tangent here.
There's so much hate and hostility in the world.
And the fact that there are people who care about each other, who like each other,
who maybe love each other.
And yeah, maybe they're having sex.
Maybe they're not.
Who knows what they're doing, which is nobody's business if they're considering adults.
What the hell could possibly be wrong with that?
Why is that offensive to people?
And I got news for you here in this city, man.
You don't that's the one.
One of the things I respect tremendously about these people.
You don't dare.
I mean, Tim Hardaway, he'd have been run out of this town on a rail.
I mean, he's got a right to say what he wants, but they wouldn't put up with it for a minute here.
They would have crucified old Timmy.
They would have nailed his ass right to the SCN tower.
He'd be hanging from there right now.
He'd be doing a tower, power hang.
He'd be doing the old Sodom routine.
You have a right to be as bigoted as you want.
I don't care what anybody says.
You have a right to say any stupid thing you want.
And I agree with that business yesterday about the whole political, correct garbage.
It's nonsense.
But if you're going to open up a big mouth and express bigotry against the whole class or group of people,
then you're going to get a real backlash.
And he already has.
He already lost one of his sponsors.
The car wash down there is being picketed this morning.
There are people really pissed off and fired up.
And rightfully so, okay.
And I'm going to say it again.
If he would have been a white ex-athlete and he would have come on any radio show or
anywhere in the media and said, I hate black people.
I don't want to be around them.
I don't want to take showers with them.
I don't want to be near them.
I don't like black people.
Just like Mike Richards, the same thing.
And that's not what Mike Richards said.
But nevertheless, if he and
the next athlete would have said that they would have been crucified.
And there wouldn't be anybody defending what they said.
But of course, now we got all these homophobes out there pretending that they're not.
And I see a lot of these blogs this morning, wow, you know, the word homophobic is fear of gay people,
not hatred about it.
And you're using the word wrong.
What the hell difference does it make?
You want to place some mandates with it?
What differences it make?
It's the same pile of crap.
And of course, it is fear because when you deal with stupid people, they fear what they don't understand.
Now, as an interesting, I guarantee I bet your life on it that Tim Hardaway took showers with naked,
with gay players during his career.
I guarantee I'd bet your life on up 10 times.
Of course he did.
Well, there you go.
And did he get raped in the shower in the locker room?
Did he get attacked?
Did he get molested?
Was he being cruised in the locker room because somebody was gay?
This is the attribution.
This is America's general idea, or at least a big percentage of what gay people are.
And of course, how many straight people, how many of you had were sexual people out there?
Are in love with everybody you have sex with.
How many guys are going to the singles bars?
Now many guys are going online to find some hot chick that they can get a hot night and bed out of.
And I don't condemn that.
What's wrong with that?
Have a great time, man.
Enjoy life.
That's what I always say.
But all you perverted homosexuals, that's all you know is sex.
And you're doing all these grotesque things.
And God didn't create Adam and Steve.
He created Adam.
Oh my God, I hear this stuff.
It's so stupid and so ignorant.
It makes me want to vomit.
And then when I hear the responses to it, like my colleagues this morning, I use the term colleagues loosely.
My sports nerd colleagues.
It just makes me nauseous.
He took his kids to the first of all.
I'm told that if anybody was offended by anything that goes on, they get a refund and they get tickets for another day or whatever.
Well, he might have planned it then.
He might have planned what?
Getting a refund?
Yeah, yeah.
Let's say we saw two people holding hands.
We'll have another day at the park, son.
They saw guys holding hands.
How, you know something?
I don't think the world can continue spinning around.
I think the globe is going to come to a standstill.
I think it's all sawdemy and Gamora all over again is what it is.
There were two guys holding hands.
You know, I can't recall because you often see heterosexual couples, you know, young couples and public.
Getting a little bit carried away, you know, like maybe in a shopping mall and...
And I didn't bother me.
Especially if the guys cute.
Well, maybe you should start complaining.
Yeah, now I'm going to start complaining about audio over heterosexuals flaunting your heterosexuality in public.
Just so stupid, man.
And that guy, I hope you're listening now, you jackass.
Although probably you wouldn't be listening now because the old gay post-design, you know, you're an idiot.
Anyway, 10, 13, 5, 60, W.
If you don't get worked up, you lose your voice again.
Then Josh and Chris will have to do the show.
No George Day.
No Jorge's home pretending to be sick.
I mean, he's home nursing a sick family.
God, Neil.
And now, Fred from Rehab, Ms. USA Tara Conner talks about her battles with drugs and drinking about her recovery on Larry King Live.
What do you do to Mrs. USA?
What are you supposed to do?
You know, still not going to go like with Judge's alcohol.
Really?
I think so.
Okay.
Exactly.
Does it lead you to wilder things, sexual things?
Whatever.
Let's watch.
I don't think so.
I'm very insecure.
I'm very insufficient.
What was the worst thing about Rehab?
I didn't get to use my phone.
Being weven, desired, alcohol.
Oh, maybe I can just have one more.
One more is not going to hurt.
Oh, hell.
We'll be right back.
I'm Larry King Live.
Don't go away.
I'm okay.
17, 17.
Here's another real credit to the human race.
And who the hell cares about her?
Because she's hot.
Am I right?
Who cares?
I care about her.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
Because she's hot.
If she was a nasty looking slut, you would be saying, what I slut?
What I like, you know.
You are correct, sir.
I beg your pardon?
I said, you are correct.
Now, what did you say?
I'm not a jerk.
No, you're not a jerk.
Well, I have my jerky moments, and I apologize for that.
I'm an idiot at times, and I'm a fool, and, you know, an old sentimental fool.
But I'm in good shape today.
I'm sure you'll please the hair.
Her that.
It's quite of that phone call I heard this morning.
All I'm not.
I'm not real happy with the results of this poll.
So far, I'll tell you that.
Let's take a look at yesterday's poll first.
This one really, have we run out of ideas for the poll?
I beg your pardon?
Have we run out of ideas?
Are you knocking the fact that I'm doing this one again?
Maybe.
Well, I mean, first, first, he starts kissing my ass and says, I'm not a jerk.
No, I mean, kissy, kissy, kissy, kissy, because I'm said that in that new flavor wave and spend $100 bucks on him.
I'm just not taking anything under the window.
I'm asking you, like, this is a, you know, no, it's a repeat because George and I decided we had a little powwow on the air.
We decided that we hadn't done this in a very long time, and I'm wondering if there's anybody still, it's like people who are still watching Black and White TV.
Chris uses body wash, and he's using it for years.
Okay, he's a manly man, and he uses body wash.
Yeah, I had to get turned by you, if you will, because remember, when I started turning, I was using the bar.
Yeah, and dropping it a lot is what I'm saying.
Yeah, not so much.
Well, let's, we'll get to that in a minute.
Let's get to yesterday's poll.
Why did change my religion or lack of one I'd prefer to become?
We had 14, everything's 17 votes, but the bad news is they hated it.
I hate this poll, 25%, 355.
I don't think we ever did a poll where 25% hated the poll.
Please, I never have. Maybe, George has.
And Atheist, 235, a Buddhist, 214.
They want to rub that ball spot.
You can rub mine a little bit.
An agnostic 198, a Jew 83, a Wicken 76, a Zion Catholic 59, a double worshiper 56, a Catholic 51, a Protestant 35, a Scientologist 18,
a Mormon 16, a Hindu 12, a Shiite Muslim 7, a Muslim 2.
When you stop and think about that, who really knows what that's all about?
That whole raghead business.
I mean, it's all a bunch of garbage, but who knows what that's to differentiate between the Sunnis and the Shiites?
It's just, well, they're differentiating it.
It's pretty well.
It's a bloodbath.
Okay, let's look at that poll today.
Like I said, I'm just made of this.
I was just made when I heard that phone call this morning on the Kenyan bow again,
because it seems to be an ongoing theme.
And of course, you know, like some people have said, maybe the fact that stupid Tim Hardaway opened up a big mouth.
In fact, John Amichi said he's delighted.
I'll get to that eventually. I got a whole pile of good stuff.
He's delighted that he brought it up because it points out very well.
It's one of our stupe contributors yesterday pointed out.
It points out very well that, you know, gay athletes can't come out of the closet.
Because they live in this environment of hostility and stupidity and ignorance and bigotry, etc.
But we'll get to that.
Right.
Which do you bathe with after a poll today and even Josh Cortes ain't too happy about it?
Although, look, I want to eat a 2.9% hate this poll.
It's important.
We're trying to educate the audience out there, bring them to the 21st century in South Florida,
where most of the people are living like an stone age.
Which do you bathe with?
Male uses soap 425.
Male with body wash 281.
That's, you know what that is?
I'm going to tell you right now.
Unacceptable as what it is.
It's ridiculous.
I mean, 51% using soap and 34% using body wash.
Oh, real men don't use body wash.
That's pansy stuff.
Yeah, right.
That's why Adidas and all the macho sports oriented makers, they make body wash for men.
It says right on there for men for real men.
Like the one on the spot I'm watching right now for sandals.com.
Wow.
Anyway.
Male uses soap 425.
Body wash 281.
I seldom bathe 46.
That was a good choice.
I put that on there because I knew that would get a good response.
5.5% of the audience seldom bathe.
Female uses body wash 30.
I hate this poll 25 and a female using soap only 20.
Now, of course, you know what they're going to say.
Well, there's more.
And of course, look what the small, only 6% of the audience, at least on the poll, female.
We don't have any ladies.
How are you doing with ladies?
We're not doing well with ladies.
Josh is doing well with ladies.
I'm doing a girlfriend doing.
Not too bad.
Good.
Still drinking all that vodka?
Keep her a boozed up all the time.
Good.
Good thinking.
So, 30 women with a body wash in 20 with soap.
But on the male side, 425 with soap.
And listen, it's a free country.
Do whatever you want.
If you want to, like I said, live in the stone age.
If you like seeing the hair on the soap.
If it gives you, like, some kind of an erotic twinge or something, more power to you.
If you like the scum on the soap, but it's been sitting on it little legs there in the soap dish or whatever.
If you like that, it makes you feel good, smear that all over yourself.
Well, hey, more power to you.
Me, myself, I mean, I wouldn't go back to using soap if you paid me.
If you paid me $100 a shower.
And I shower usually, er, always at least once, usually twice a day.
I mean, there isn't enough money in the world to give me back to the soap.
Oh my god.
What do you, like I said, it's like watching color TV.
But you people do whatever they want.
Somebody wants to pay me.
I'll go back to soap, by the way.
Yeah, you'll, you'll, listen.
If somebody wants to pay you for anything, you'll do it.
I don't even want to elaborate on that.
I'll do so for 102.
We do.
Well, look at the money you guys.
Of course, now that Josh says that now that he's banded us and making the big bucks on the QA website, Josh.
I have a rehab.
Yeah.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me at all.
If this is the year that you're going to buy George the big screen TV and buy him a nice, around-trip ticket to Amsterdam.
Oh, yeah.
847 votes on the pool.
And it just, in fact, it looks to me like it's worst than it was the last time we did that pool.
I don't know when the last time we done it was.
It's got to be months or maybe a year ago, but it looks like they're going back to the soap.
They like the bar, like you said.
They like the bar.
In fact, I think most of these people have been spending too much time at the bar.
An Italian judge today intended 26 Americans and five Italians in the first criminal trial over the CIA's extraordinary rendition program.
The judge set the trial date for the 8th of June.
Prosecutors alleged that five Italian intelligence officials worked with the Americans, almost all of them CIA agents, to abduct terror suspects of Simon with staff of Hassan Nasser, too many names, from a means Milan street, February 17, 2003, in Milan.
If you're going to go to Italy, by the way, don't waste your time going to Milan unless you had a lot of time and a lot of money.
I mean, it's okay.
I'll write that down.
Well, it's like an endot-not industrial.
It's like, uh, everybody says like New York.
I mean, nothing is like New York, but it just doesn't have the kind of architecture like in Rome or in the past.
It's like a foot in or beautiful places.
Milan is kind of cold, if you know what I mean.
And the food, fat in northern Italy, fat.
He's like a lot of that, a risotto, you know, rice.
Man, I hate that. Do you ever have risotto?
No.
Don't.
Nasser was allegedly transferred by vehicle to the Aviano Air Force base near Venice and then by ear to the Ramstein Air Base in Germany on the Egypt for a critic say he was tortured.
Ramstein, I just love saying that.
They're a band.
What?
Ramstein.
They are?
Yeah, they're, what?
They're even popular in America.
Well, good for them.
All the one-day American suspects have been identified as CIA agents, including the former station chiefs in Roman Milano, the other is the US Air Force officer stationed at the time at Aviano.
Even if a request is made for Americans' extradition, they move bound to irritate US-attacting relations.
It was unlikely the CIA agents would be turned over for trial abroad.
The CIA is refused to comment on the case while a former Italian chief of military intelligence insisted that the Italian intelligence had no role.
I'm just not, not real happy about that bodywashting.
I'm shocked.
You could knock me over with a feather.
And that's the feather I could put in my cap, I guess, or in my somewhere.
Right.
Oh yeah, there were two guys holding a hand.
You know how stupid that is?
Seriously, if you went out now, if you went out to the parking lot.
Right.
And there were two guys, I mean, you know, who knows, I'm not talking about working in a building there, but just two guys walking down 441 there holding hand.
Would that shock you, would that offend you? Would you like, oh my God, would you like to have a nervous dump?
No, I just wouldn't look. I mean, whatever makes no difference to me.
What do you mean you wouldn't look?
Meaning like I'm not going to zone in like, ooh, two guys holding hands.
Right.
You know, zoom in, I just, whatever.
You know, a lot about two guys holding glands.
Oh, I'm sorry.
26 past 10 at 5, 60 WDQF.
Friday, you best, dude.
Welcome to the final segment of the final installment of the Al Franken farewell show finale.
I'd like to thank all the interns and underpaid staff who were so eager to please me.
Most of all, I'd like to thank the Air America intern who put my grateful dead ramp on an old cartridge tape that Peter Tripp left here when it was a WMG Ammon.
Can we up? Can we hear that one last time?
Yeah, there it is.
Yeah, I got it.
You know that that added so much more body and flavor to my show, because I, I, I thank you for that.
As you know, I'm, I'm leaving to pontificate upon a run for political orifice.
And now I'm not that I believe my own press, you understand, about just in case.
Tom Davis joins me from across my phone, the high top.
What else?
And now look, if I decide not to run for Senator of the universe, what do you say we form a comedy team again?
Now I wish you luck with your run for office.
I thought of asking Mort Saul, but he's much too close to death.
He turned you down, huh?
Yes.
So am I too take it that you would hang up now?
That Tom, he's such a card.
Yes, you know, as the grateful dead one said, what a long, strange, sojourn it has been.
So let me exit stage left by simply saying, thanks for the memories.
I'm not gonna go away.
That is of course to say, should I actually run for office?
Yes, I can always try my hand in a job at maybe a job.
And that's the way I do it.
Yeah, he's a labor radio as if it makes a difference in going to run for a Senator from Minnesota.
Anybody care, any interest in Al Franken?
We got 24 dropouts already.
We only got on half an hour.
24 dropouts on Victor Public, the general public coming subsidize your business and patronize you.
Probably not a good idea to be exclusionary and say, oh, I hate those damn Cubans or I hate those damn white people.
Or I hate Jews, not a good idea, probably.
But then again, ignorance is bliss.
That's what you're doing with is like that.
More than four years after she was accused of neglecting her duties during a boxed primary,
the Florida Elections Commission this morning dropped all charges and potential fines against former Browell Elections Supervisor,
Miriam Elephant, how do you like that?
Oh my God.
This is the last hearing. It's Ova said Henry Hunter, one of Olufins lawyers.
It's really important for the people of Browell County to see she was exonerated.
Is it important to you?
It's not important to me.
No, fact it's rather depressing when you come right down to it.
She lost her job because of problems with the 2002 primary when 23 polls failed to open by 7 a.m.
and 32 polls failed to hate the executive order from the governor's office to stay open past 7 p.m.
So voters could cast a ballot and the problem plagued the election.
She was removed from her post by then, fat ass governor Jeb Bush in 2003.
She failed in a bid to rewinter job during a 2004 primary against Brenda Snipes, whom Bush named a replacement.
In May 2005, the Florida Senate officially stripped her of her title upholding Bush's decision to suspend her without pay.
The election commission at first tried to slap elephant with a $55,000 fine and reduced its attend grade,
insisting she was woefully and intelligently neglectful of her duties during the primary.
But throughout her ordeal, she insisted she did not intentionally neglect her job.
Maybe she's just incompetent, is the word we're looking for.
You know what I'm saying? Non-cop is weanest.
Her argument was bolstered by a state administrative law judgement September rule to state it failed to prove its case.
His decision was based on an appeals court ruling a separate case where the elections commission was told to can't find elections for simply can't find election officials for simply neglecting their duties,
but must show they intentionally set out to violate the laws of disregard them.
I can't blackmail an Ohio for example, who fixed the election for Bush, and those kinds of things.
So Mary Maleffett, she's off the hook for all time's sake.
Unlike Tessio, who couldn't get off the hook for all time's sake, can't do it Sally.
Which duet bathed with 877 votes?
Mail, soap, 446.
Mail body was 299.
51% to 34% is not even close.
Not even close. The soap crowd, man, said.
Now let me ask you this.
We don't have anybody that's worked that's played that recently in sports.
Because Mad Dogs, you know, 100 years old, and who else we got?
We ain't got Troy the boy anymore.
No, we don't got no Troy the boy.
But I'm curious in the locker rooms, what are the athletes use?
You think they're using soap or body wash?
I believe he called up Tessio Hardaway.
The Taylor has said he uses the body wash, but he's a...
Well, but he's got a calendar, Jason Taylor.
You know, I mean, he's a very heterogob, but he's what kind of a girly guy, you know.
Yeah, he's doing those Nutri-Gena spots.
That's what we have to say.
He's doing Nutri-Gena spots?
Oh, yeah.
I think two seasons ago, like at the end of the year, the mill year, something like that.
Nutri-Gena gave out every player in his locker room one of the little baskets that they give away.
Yeah, it's pretty gay.
A Tisca to Task it.
He wants to see your basket.
Is that what you're talking about?
Don't tell me that Jason Taylor is going to turn out to be another Troy Vincent.
I mean, whatever.
Eight hundred eight, two votes on the pool.
I'm sorry, it isn't Troy Vincent I'm thinking of it.
Some other defensive back that somebody told me years ago on the Dull, not that many years, but Nutri-Gena, sorry Troy.
Which do you bathe with?
Men 448, so...
Body wash 301.
I seldom bathe 52.
Well, isn't that lovely?
Those must be the people I encounter at Woodbine.
Oh, my God.
You know, it's...
Now, what about your girlfriend?
I don't want to get too personal on the air, Josh, but she's Russian, obviously.
Right.
And I'm sure that her hygiene is sensational.
Yes, it is.
Well, that's good.
I'm very happy for it, because otherwise you'd have dumped her ass a long time ago, I'm sure.
Right.
What if it's been one fun night and...
I wouldn't want to smell again.
You just put your...
You know, held your nose like that.
People that smell bad.
And this is my model, one of my many models in life.
If you can't look good, smell good, and believe me, I don't look good.
Now, you get a lot of funky Russians at the... at Woodbine?
Yes.
Other Russians matter fact.
In fact, I probably shouldn't say this, because it's going to sound like I'm being a Tim Hardaway.
And I don't have anything... I don't see... I don't categorize people.
In other words, and well, no, I take that back.
Like, French.
See, I'm as big as it is anybody.
I'll admit it.
I'm not going to lie.
Like, French.
I can't stand the French.
Like in Montreal, I think Montreal is kind of a neat place in some ways, but there's too many French people that I can't stand.
In Paris.
I mean, Paris is beautiful in a lot of ways, but you know the biggest problem with Paris?
Too many French people there.
Right.
The Brits.
How many times do I rip the Brits?
In fact, it probably gets to the point where you're thinking, does Nile like anybody?
Yeah, there's some people I like a lot.
But it's not... But the Russians that would buy in our are generally speaking very loud and extremely obnoxious.
I mean, it's like there are a lot of these European people who show up there who you feel...
You want to ask them if they ever let you out of the house before, is this your first time out of the public?
You know what I mean?
They just don't allow to act around other people.
And they stand over your shoulder and they're talking to their friends.
But I mean, but I love the Italians of that way too.
Very loud, very demonstrative, and very annoying, especially when you're plunging and losing your ass.
Like I was on Friday.
Now maybe tomorrow morning I'll have a good machine, okay?
If my connections with the Lord out there were prey to the right...
Who couldn't we pray to this time?
Let's see.
Moses didn't work.
Abraham didn't work.
Jesus sure as hell hates me like poison.
I don't know who do I have anybody prey to anymore for me it would bind.
And then Gordon is tellin' if they say...
Joe Boop.
I beg your pardon?
You never seen Major League?
No.
It's the God that...
The God that plays the...
Joe Mom?
No.
He's on the car commercials all the time.
Oh yeah, he's in those, you know, guy code commercials?
Man, potatoes!
Gray me!
And come there and blow!
Oh man, let's just play that for four hours.
I love that.
Been waiting to play that, by the way, since I came in this morning.
Have you really?
Yes.
Yeah, I made a mistake of telling him it was there.
Oh yeah, Chris is a dutter wonderful thing for us just to end.
And who's the one that saw it on the ear and put it on open up to this pot just in time
for you getting on the ear?
George, put smoke in and we could play that on the ear.
That would be the legendary email, Roger.
Legendary email, Roger.
892 votes on the poll.
Which do you bathe with?
And I'm looking at almost 20% more ma-men with soap than body wash.
Chris, I sure I'm out of stuff.
You're out of line, you're one of those fags.
You're like, I was sissy pans, you got...
You know what?
Too bad.
Sue me, okay?
Sue my ass.
So to speak.
I just don't understand what something is available that's so much more convenient and more effective.
You know, I don't know.
I don't even remember when I used to bathe with soap.
But like I was saying to Chris before the show this morning, when you use soap, obviously there are parts of your body
that you're not going to be very effective in cleansing.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I don't want to get too graphic here, but there are certain body parts that the soap just, you know.
As opposed to body wash, especially if you use like, you can use a sponge, or a lufa, or a...
Or nothing, your hand.
Or cloth, or you can...
No.
Yeah.
Well, I've had this argument, I mean, I know.
Well, if you're just using your hand in the shower, which is another story, and I don't want to go there,
but if you just shmure that on there with your hand, you're going to lose so much of it on the down the drain.
You're going to use a little bottle of your hand.
You can just take a shower.
Just got to know the routine, you know.
You just got to know how to do it very, very carefully, so you don't spill too much.
No, because when I first started using it, I was doing that, and every time I took a shower, you just have a bottle.
Oh, me too, man.
When I started using it, you know, I started, you know, I could use a bottle like four times that I was done.
Well, I got news for you.
I think what we need to do is have a whole show one day on body wash etiquette, and maybe we can get more of these guys to use the body wash,
more of these uptight guys with their soap.
1041, 194, 11, a QA.
12 Friday, you bestons.
Well, good. I think I'm going to dump out of that at this point.
I already dumped one thing in there.
You know, that happened the other day, too.
But, yes.
What?
I'm not going to repeat it on the ear if I dumped it.
For a user person or what?
You know, you people just don't get the serious, this Joe Bell is going to come in there and slap your ass,
and they'll get you off that QA website and put your salary back to 40 Cent an hour.
At any rate, what's this lengthy thing you just sent me?
Tiger Radio, Roros again, is XM.
What is that?
This is amazing.
I wonder if Ricky Tiki-Charles was doing this.
There he had called a few days ago.
Did you know that he called Josh?
Yeah, I heard it.
Did you?
There will be a shout out to the Paul Meadowhide cheerleaders who hang out at the Howard Johnson's mall shop.
I'm Kendall Dry.
You know, Howard Johnson's, I guess they must be.
Well, I mean, Hojo's pretty much has disappeared, haven't they?
Yeah, and they were huge.
They were like the holiday ends, you know.
Yeah, they were.
And they had, you know, the ice cream, which wasn't really great ice cream.
They had a lot of flavors.
That was their video.
The one thing they had was the clam strips that I really liked.
They had good clam chowda and they had good clam strips.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, it's too late now.
Most of them are gone.
In fact, there was a very famous one on Bisqeen and I think about 125th.
Am I right about that or am I like, oh, you know, my dayed county days are so long in my behind.
I just can't remember that.
That's Chris.
He's a Kendall gang.
I don't know.
And then you hold it.
And it says Howard Johnson's mall shop on Kendall Drive.
Is there actually such a place?
Uh, Kendall and Ware.
It's kind of along the street.
You know, I don't want to start playing young Whippersnapper with you.
But before you were born practically, I lived in Kendall for like seven years.
OK, I lived in 177th Ann.
I didn't think it'd be totally indincisible.
I said, I know Kendall, man, like the palm of your ass.
OK, so just be careful.
Anyway, can I get back to this?
It's kind of interesting.
Marjorly.
It says there'll be a shout out to the Palmetto High cheerleaders who hang out at the Howard Johnson's mall shop on Kendall Drive.
And arts nod to the kids watching the submarine races at pre-naked Hall over beach.
And of course, plus for that Cherry 65GTO on display at 163rd Street Shopping Center, Tiger Radio Liz, it says.
Oh, this is nothing.
Maybe get out those old QAM jingles.
That's what I was thinking.
The real ones.
Yeah, like this one.
It's things like touch the on the moon, the moon, the moon.
No shabling race, I can't believe it.
It's me, call the heat, the rainbow.
It's the same day, the new QAM.
Oh, hey.
In fact, in honor of this story, which I'll finish reading, but let's just play...
Jingle.
My, my, my.
I was to you.
When back to Jingle, it's been about a month.
WQAM.
For at least five hours, anyway, it says when XM satellite radio using old Jingles, commercials
invented soundbites from this stockies, including Rick Shaw and Jim Dunlap, who's dead, by the way.
Rick creates the glory days when Miami's WQM was not a sports talk station, but a top 40
giant that had the ear of most every teenager in South Florida.
Well, I wish I had the ear of most every teenager in South Florida, at least the legal ones
like 18 and 19.
That's still a teenager, isn't it?
Yep.
I mean, 17 is close enough because you can always ask when their birthday is.
Now, see if some straight guys on here, you know how it goes.
Oogling over some 17-year-old chick, like Brook Shield or something like that.
In fact, she was slapping her ass on it when she was like 15.
That's great.
But if Neil's on there, oogling about like some 17-year-old guy will be 18 in a couple of
months.
Oh, that fat guy, he's a, like, yeah, I know.
I'm a pervert, and I'm proud of it.
The Q-M recreation airs from 49-PM today.
It says, I shouldn't be promoting this.
This is a setup deal.
We've been set up.
All of this is from Glenn Garvin in the Herald, so it's okay.
It airs 49-PM and XM 60s on 60s on 6-O of these channels.
It can be heard for free on the internet at the so-and-so.
I'm not going to plug it.
Or should I listen.XMradio.com?
Free on the internet.
Listen.XMradio.com.
What are we, Carrie?
You know?
Better than hearing a bunch of homophobes calling the sports shows.
And all those faggots of Disney and Tim Hardaway is right.
And he's got a right to open up a stupid mouth.
He does.
He's got a right to be as dumb as he wants to be.
You're going to hear it all.
Promises XMDJ Terry Motemoth Young, who never worked at Q-M or any of the Florida Station,
but pieced together the recreation from recordings collected by former station personnel,
fan websites, and gossipy conversations with ex-Miamans who live near his Maryland home.
Here's a guy who lives in Maryland who's doing the thing on Q-A-M.
Get him open, DC!
And then there was always a...
Yeah, he had his own Acapella.
That's good. Nice going, Rick.
You're going to hear that contest where Q-M was given away the GTO.
You're going to hear the Q-M Secret word.
You're going to hear me dedicate a song to the cheerleaders hanging out at Howard Johnson's.
You're going to hear an ad for the Q-M team sock-hop.
I'd ocean-thought-out auditorium.
I've never been to Miami, but I did my homework, he says.
He'd never even been to Miami, but he's doing a thing on Q-A-M in the old days.
Well, that makes sense.
Yeah.
It would be like, my doing a show on some station in Seattle or something.
Well, I've never been to Seattle.
I hear a lot of good things about Seattle.
Oh, great.
I like to go.
I think I'm going to play the lotto.
It's 8 million a.m. tomorrow night.
What?
Yeah.
And when you win the lotto here, like I told you, they write you a check.
No taxes, no one would ease, no BS.
Okay? This is a no BS place, man.
No BS.
The odds are about the same?
No, no.
No, there's no chance.
But, let me just tell you this.
About people being polite.
Sometimes it's not such a good thing.
People being polite is not such a good thing?
No, no.
I mean, it's a great thing.
I love it.
And I'm very polite when I'm here, too, because you just, you know,
when in Toronto, do what the trontonians do.
But yesterday I'm in my little convenience store.
Right.
As I'm going out, I got a couple of items.
My diet's sold in the newspapers.
And I'm coming out of there.
And there's a guy with a beard.
I would say about my age, maybe a little younger, maybe a couple of years older.
But he's certainly in the 60s.
And he's coming in and he holds the door.
And he said to me, go ahead, sir.
And he said it very politely.
And it was a nice thing for him to do.
But it just wasn't when he said, sir, I felt so old.
You know what I mean?
No.
It's almost like, go ahead, old codger.
I'm not getting that.
You're just, you feel like you're picking.
That's just a nice thing, man.
That would never happen here ever.
I understand that.
And here it happens every day.
You risk your hand in the elevator.
If you see somebody else coming real fast to get on the elevator,
we got a whole bunch of them in my building.
But you reach out and you jam your hand in there so that the motion sensor will open the doors back up and they can get on it.
And you risk getting your hand gen.
But you just, nice people to get other nice people.
And hateful nasty people to get other hasty, you know.
The Q&M show is part of a regular exam program.
Sonic Sound Salute, which young has recreated top 40 giants from WABC in New York to KYA and San Francisco.
And dozens of cities in between.
Before our family began to dominate the radio spectrum in the 70s and dozens of new programming formats
splitted the audience into niches, top 40 stations attracted massive audiences up to 70% of listeners in some cities that are unimaginable today's broadcast universe.
And the kids who listen to them around the clock in the 60s now creeping through middle age go wild when they hear their old stations.
The first one I did was WKYC in Cleveland.
And the switchboards here just exploded, says young, who does ensure from SM Studios in Washington.
And that would be neat for me, for like old fights like me.
Obviously the younger, I don't know.
Maybe the young punk's like hearing them old jingles too.
And of course, you know, it goes back to that business about...
Most music.
WQ&M.
Oh, I like this one better.
Or the radio is what the Q's born in.
You have to hold a hand.
You're sitting around holding hands here.
In fact, Josh and I are holding hands through the 1200 miles between Toronto and the studio in Miami.
Are you holding my hand?
Yeah, that's it.
Don't squeeze it so tight.
Now that's a little bit faggy, okay?
It's one thing to hold.
It's another thing to squeeze it.
And the hand too.
But anyway, that was really emotionally of the day.
We talked about it at a great length when you came in and said you love me.
I thought that was so spectacular.
And I followed it up with, can I be in your will?
I can assure you I can guarantee you as much as I like you.
I don't love you.
There are four people in this world that I love a lot.
They all know who they are, okay?
But I don't...
I've only got so much to spread around.
You know what I mean?
Just like the show.
I've only got so much maneuver to spread around.
All it seems to be like an almost endless supply when you come right down to it.
But anyway, you're not going to be in my will.
I might be a little bit.
I don't know.
How much would be...
How much would be like a slave away of ovens for life?
No, no, I'm sure it's okay.
How much would be a nice gesture, Chris?
I mean, give me like a small dollar amount, like five grand, fifty grand.
For God's sake.
Yeah.
Hmm.
I'm trying to see if he's going to give me part of it or not.
I know, fifty thousand.
You're a part of it.
I got news for it.
Look at that.
He said fifty thousand right there.
Fifty grand?
Yeah.
Yeah, but you know, he hasn't done too much for you.
Hey, two years...
Oh, over two years, I was out of time.
He did a good job.
He's a good guy.
He really is.
He's a George.
Well, but if I left him fifty grand, how much would I have to leave George in a will?
I just buy my land.
I think after the break, let's come back and argue about Neil's will.
The biggest name.
I don't know about that.
I'm a former Alanis in the Voxen name.
I'm a prollywood.
Forced radio 560.
For the UAM.
This is the Neil Roger show.
This is the blind.
Any questions?
No.
So down in shampoo and coffee and water.
Shell candles and teething rings for your daughter.
Don't have that two-tiff recase of champagne.
These are the things you can take on a plane.
And she's with a hair gel and lip balm and toothpaste on clear still.
For all of those, it's on your face.
You have back sunburn, but no.
So lucky.
That's one more thing you can take on a plane.
And the airport you'll be waiting.
It may seem safe.
And while they make you throw out all of those things,
you cannot take on a plane.
Yeah, that really frosted my ass when I went in that trip to Berlin.
I had to, I mean, I'd not go to go out and get no baggy, no plastic bag
and walk around like some kind of a silly pansy with a bag full like, you know, a shaving cream
and aftershave and toothpaste stuff like that.
So I threw it all out.
I didn't take any with me, but the stuff that I bought over there threw it all out before I came back.
People are starving and I'm throwing out stuff that maybe caused me like $7, $8, $10.
Not good.
That's what I'm taking in $10.
Yeah?
942 votes on the pool, but then again, I still do love you.
So just relax.
Not.
Which do you bathe with?
942 on the pool.
You had almost 1,000 already.
I'm a male.
I used soap for 74.
We're so sorry for you.
50% of this audience is living in the distant past.
But then again, they're living most of them in South Florida too.
So what does that tell you?
I'm a male.
I used body wash 321.
Well, it's a lube.
I sold them Bay 58.
Female uses body wash 37.
I hate this pool.
It's got about 30 men.
Only 3.1%.
And the female uses soap 22.
So the women 37 to 22, which is 6.2% of the audience female.
That's weak.
Really weak.
But in the male category, it's 50 to 34% still hanging out,
clinging to that soap, hoping maybe that they drop it.
At any rate, criminal charges will not be filed against a Disney employee.
It accused of hitting a teenager while in costume as the character Tiger Authority said.
See, that's one thing I like as a little closure, you know?
As enclosure, yeah?
The State Attorney's Office announced yesterday that it will not be a criminal.
But three of the law charges against Michael J. Fettleham,
prosecutors made the decision after reviewing a complaint from Johansson Resin,
J. Monaco, who in my opinion, in my humble opinion,
was looking to make a quick hit.
Monaco videotape is 14.
Now, I wonder if that was during gay days.
You think that maybe Tiger was holding some guy's hand?
That would have been really bad.
Yeah, I would.
I would have been offended, wouldn't you?
You know, I think of the things that I hear people say.
and I, you know, could being my age and having been around the world as much as I have,
and I think to myself, what kind of existence have you lived?
What kind of sheltered in the inner thought jackass must you, could you possibly be?
There were guys holding hands and guys with their arms around each other,
and my kids are with me.
Oh my God! God forbid that your kids should see that they're guys who have a show of fashion to each other.
Monaco videotaped is 14-year-old son Jerry Jr. posing with a costume fedlem at Disney MGM Studios in January,
and I watched that video several times, there was nothing going on.
Nothing happened. At some point a confrontation occurred between the boy and fedlem.
It says, I didn't see none. He was just fun in him, you know.
The father later watched the video tape and sent fedlem intentionally hit his son,
honor about the head orange County Sheriff Official, said,
that the card official suspended fedlem 31 while the investigation was being conducted.
A telephone call placed at Disney officials by the AP early to date to fight our fedlem's employment status
was not immediately returned.
So he didn't get charged, but we don't know if he's still working there.
And like I said, if he's running around holding guys' hands, he's going to get fired to the medially.
Now the amazing thing I had to dump that thing out of that Disney gate,
and that's a good bit too, and so timely.
I didn't hear anything that you had to dump them.
You want me to play it again and dump it again?
I'm not going to do that because, you know, I know.
If I left it in your incapable and competent hands, even though I do love you madly.
Just the thought of it is so lucrous, you know.
The dolphins, this is the story that they, and it took me over an hour to get to it,
which is going to have it even taken a call yet.
Not that there are any right now.
There were several earlier, but I'll get to them eventually.
So we can hear some more good stuff yesterday.
Did you hear the caller who said that terrorism is the same as being gay?
Yeah, I did.
That you are born a terrorist just like you're born gay.
Now that was a classic.
It was a little spastic, but it was classic.
So maybe we can get some more good stuff like that today.
Very jackass, however, writes,
that dolphins are still not offering from WQAM
and incumbent 790 to the ticket.
And word is, the decision could go either way.
Oh my God.
But regardless of the outcome, and this is, this is the most,
the body-watch thing really turns my stomach, but this news is some of the worst I've ever heard my life.
It's just amazing to me.
But regardless of the outcome,
Jimmy Stifilis appears set to return as the play-by-play announcer,
the analyst situation, the different story says Barry.
Jimmy Stifilis, who is so bad, he makes, he makes Joseph Gackie sound like Mel Allen.
That's how bad Jimmy Stifilis is.
I have never spoken to anybody who thinks he does a good job on any broadcasts.
Yeah.
In fact, quite the contrary, everybody who's ever made a comment to me has said,
can you believe how bad he is?
Can you believe how grotesque his performance is?
Hey Jimmy.
You're fairy.
WQAM once formed off in St.A.L.S.
Jim Mandage back on the broadcast.
Oh right.
If it requires rice, but what I'm also be receptive to adding current analyst Joe Rose,
according to industry officials, that often's like Mandage and Rose.
If WQAM reacquires the rice, there are two scenarios that have been mentioned.
One, a two-man booth with cephalo and manwitch, or less likely,
a three-man booth with cephalo rose in Mandage,
rose at 790, contrary to expired early September.
If WQAM lured Rose to do a talk show and worked off in games,
it would be a major blow to the ticket, which assuredly would do everything to try to keep him,
Rose very narrowly edged WQAM's morning show in the last ratings book.
That's because Kenny wasn't talking enough about how much ass he got to that I'd be forward home.
But he certainly turned that around, so to speak.
The issue is moved if the ticket would be, and I didn't have enough homophobic calls on here,
but the last two days they'd more than made up for it.
Seriously, I mean, bowl, I just don't get.
I mean bowl is big, macho guy about eight feet tall, you know,
could stop you with the one finger.
I just don't get it.
The issue is moved if the ticket retains dolphin rice,
but Rose could face a difficult decision if the dolphins moved to WQAM.
Rose been here since day one, September 1st, 2004,
and it's a very important part of our station, said John Weir,
General Manager of the ticket, General Manager Stugots.
Oh my gosh, I'm bored off to producer to flunky to a General Manager,
because Daddy's got a lot of money.
Yep.
We want him here and anticipate that he'll be here for a long time since Stugots.
Can I just say something?
Go right ahead, and read it.
Okay, all you want.
Okay, all the time.
People that are sending the article that you're currently reading, please stop.
Yes.
Like four of the same article coming in as we speak.
How can I possibly miss this article?
You know, if I was shocked, you know, I just want people to stop.
He's reading it right now.
I just got one, maybe the funniest text message here in the history of my life from Norma Kemp.
This is great.
Please do share.
Able to share.
It says, I have amended.
I have taken the liberty and amended your will to include a provision for anyone who emails you on my space with a photo,
who is of legal age to receive a nominal stipend and sign photograph.
That is pretty good.
It says staff at the station will be advised they're entitled to photographs as well as a video feed of your coffin.
QAM and I signed an extension and have you broadcast in 2008 from Woodbine.
There you go.
That's from Norma.
Well, isn't that sweet?
That's very sweet.
So anybody who I've emailed, believe me, I'm not offering nobody in my will again for a long time.
I'll say that's not a good tactic.
That's a good way to get people panicking.
I'm not doing that.
I don't know.
What?
I've heard you're not going to Woodbine anymore.
Who told you that?
I'm going tomorrow morning.
I know.
You've had your phases like, well, I'm not going.
And I'm like, right.
No, since I've come back from Berlin, which is like a week or a week and a couple of days now,
I've had one winning day.
They don't.
They just ain't pan, man.
There is no good machine.
That's tough.
Nice going, Norma.
That was a great.
I might have to read that again.
Anyway, let's get back to the important stuff.
The ticket and QAM and the dolphin rights.
And what stations they're going to lose the money.
And Jimmy Cifil is doing the games.
That right there.
That's the big below, if you will.
Yes.
It says, Roe is declined on potential scenarios.
As for Cifil is, the dolphins like him being the face of the franchise from a broadcast perspective.
And both the ticket and WDQM would be comfortable with him returning on play by play.
The ticket learned the dolphins from QM two years ago, but got the team to restructure its contract last frame because it was losing its ass on it, losing money versus losing millions.
As part of the deal, Big 106 has promoted the career of the games on FM.
Now the QM 790 battle for rights is a toss up when they decision coming soon and it says, very, it's coming soon.
So a whole bunch of people are fencing that in while I'm reading it on the air.
Yeah, maybe the delay didn't catch up.
In my way, speaking of delay, I don't want to start beliaking about it.
But what you told me yesterday, Chris, about that.
That's not what I ever understood about this thing.
Yeah, well, I don't know if that's if they had it differently for you for a while, but ever since we got those delays in for the Howard Stern Show.
Yes, they are.
Well, that's not what it was before. It was like 30 second delay.
Well, whatever it is it is.
Well, we used to actually have two 20 second Dumpel Bull delays.
It was like a double dump.
Double dump.
Double dump.
Yeah, I've had plenty of them.
And Duff was actually in charge of that during the Howard David show.
You were in the Howard Stern Show.
And then when we got rid of Howard at the Kings on.
He was in charge of the double dump.
He was in charge of the double dump.
Yeah, Duff was doing the double dump.
And that's when he was going like that.
During the Stern Show.
That was amazing that Howard had any numbers on this station because it was like listening to a piece of Swiss cheese that was so many holes through it.
But nevertheless, it was a really active ingenuity to be putting that on there.
Nice going there, Joyce.
That was a Joyce thing too.
Joyce and the Beasley's brilliant.
967 on a pull.
We're approaching that thousand mark, which you bathed with.
Male with a soap.
486 over 50%.
Male with a body wash.
327.
See, I mean, it makes no difference to me.
I'm not going to be taking showers when you guys anyway.
So what what turns as it make to me?
But it just it just is in.
Aren't you a little bit shocked by that?
No.
We like if I took a poll saying what kind of TV do you have?
Color or black and white?
And 50% said all watching black and white TV.
I just don't get it.
I sell the Bay 59.
Female body wash 41.
Hate the poll 31.
Female soap only 23.
So Delia and of course the guys would say, well, the ladies, of course, because it's a well lady thing.
The lady thing and a fag thing the body wash.
Real men don't use body wash.
I'm getting choked up again.
I think Josh and Chris might have to finish the show.
The biggest name of the talent.
I'm going to buy you a watch.
4th radio 560.
You A.M.
Why there you best days.
We sing to you out because you look like a free.
Yes.
We've ice it all down and it knows I could be.
Huh?
Don't want any viewers to go.
But you want at the end of the show.
Because you're darky and you're fat.
You want to win.
This is your big chance.
But everyone laughs and you check it to your pants.
You say your voice is a total train wreck.
And then we make fun of you pretty fast.
Laughing at you is kind of sad.
Because you have a bad face.
You're a little bit slow.
Weird as like you make us the number one show.
Randy has a blind share.
Simon's a slow face.
It's more like you to drive the ball and then drink.
You have a bad face.
The camera don't fly.
You're on a free show called American Idol.
You have a bad face.
Boy, you have a bad face.
Yeah, I know.
Somebody said it a really good pull which show we're going to be doing soon.
I think the thing I fear most about growing old is hair growing in my ears.
And it sure does, man.
Yeah, you have issues with that.
Yeah, I have issues.
I've got all kinds of hair.
In fact, the hair in your nose starts getting a little bit longer.
Everything gets longer except your neck doesn't have.
Well, you use that bodygroom.
I beg your pardon?
That naralco bodygroom.
Is that what it is?
Oh, I'm not talking about shaving there.
No way.
No way Jose.
Because that sounds awfully...
I mean, I'm gay enough already.
I don't want to like to go over the top.
Hair growing in my ears, everything droops.
The winky won't work.
I poop my pants.
Yes, I won't be able to afford to live.
My kids will stick me in a home.
Nothing I'm looking forward to when I hit this pull.
That's not a bad pull, maybe even for tomorrow.
This arm might actually sneak a few calls in there.
But let's get back to the very important thing.
Now that ananticals body is still sticking real bad.
That judge.
And in Georgia's right, that proper guy, the...
What is he?
He's the...
What is he?
I don't know.
He's like the corner or something.
I don't know what his title is.
He's been with his party...
Medical examiner?
Medical examiner, right.
Very good, Chris.
His part of his head is like missing.
That's tough.
Yeah, I saw him last night on the King Master, I believe.
And he's got these big gigantic ears.
Maybe that last song I played is for him.
I don't know.
It's very strange looking guy.
But who might be talking about strange looking guys?
I better shave the hair out of my ears.
Anyway, getting back to Tim Hardaway and the fact that there were...
Preriding around his car wash down there in the Gables and boycotting and creating a big stimulus.
He president and head coach Pat Rivey who coached Hardaway during his heat tenure said he was a little bit shocked by some of the words that he used.
That kind of...
It's thinking can't be tolerated.
It just can't, Rivey.
It's entering a WQAM radio interview.
But I do know Tim's a good spirit and I'm sure now I wish he could take all of that back.
And I hope he's not severely judged in it is what Pat said.
Hardaway's comments could hurt him financially.
Bald guys, a New Jersey based company that makes grooming products for bald men,
dropped them as a spokesman Thursday,
formats after making him the first former pro to represent the two-year-old company.
Bald guys like baldness does not discriminate based on lifestyle choice.
Color...
And let me get back to that in a second to remind me about lifestyle choice.
In fact, that's interesting that they use both those words there.
Color, education, financial resources, religion, physical capabilities, or in any other way,
Howard Bronner, CEO of Bald guys, said in the statement.
Matt Foreman, president of the National Game, let's be intense for his release to statement calling Hardaway.
A hero to thousands of young people and that's what makes his comments so troubling.
Sadly, his words simply put the pervasive homophobia in the NBA on the table is what Matt said.
Now, before I go on about that, that business about lifestyle and choice.
Well, the thing we dealt with at Jack Assette called yesterday about realizing or deciding what your sexual orientation is.
It's not a choice.
You are what you are.
In fact, I got a really ugly email about that on our white.
We have probably one Myspace friends by the way now.
Provo one. Wow.
That impressive. You're probably even amazed.
George has never impressed. He's just, you know, he's beaten down old man as well as I feel bad about that.
But nevertheless, Provo one is not bad and I got a very ugly anonymous message about that.
Well, yeah, like since when is there a gay gene and all this other thing I immediately deleted?
That delete button worse wonders. It's fabulous.
From some profile that didn't exist with somebody with no name, that kind of crap.
That's why it's like the anonymous caller is the same crap.
Behind the shield of anonymity, everybody or at least most everybody is a real, balsy guy, you know.
But this business about lifestyle, the gay lifestyle, well, what does that mean?
Is there a straight lifestyle?
There's lifestyles of the rich and flaming, I know that.
What does that mean to gay lifestyle?
I use that expression all the time. It's a lifestyle.
A lifestyle choice even by this jackass who's, you know, all over the place.
Not a choice, it's not a lifestyle. It's what you are. It's who you are and what you are.
It's in your brain. It's part of who you are. Period.
Get over it. That's my suggestion too.
Okay, I'm not apologizing to anybody for who I am, what I am.
I'm a daughtering old queen with a very biting sarcastic, caustic sense humor.
Anybody doesn't like it. Go away. That's all. That's my comment.
Just to get lost. Get out of my way. I'm going to be in a box soon.
Lifestyle, my ass.
Oh, sorry.
Anyway, Hardaway's got an ownership stake in several soft-floated businesses.
A person who answered the phone at Tim Hardaway's US1 car wash and mind move
but declined to be identified for obvious reasons, said that more than 20 people have called a complaint
but that customer flow had not dropped.
A man who identified himself as the manager at Hardaway's house of wings and coke on a grove
They're boycotting already the citizens in the hill from earlier, but they're boycotting this morning at the car wash.
Hardaway's comments followed last week's disclosure by former NBA Center John Amici that he's gay
Amici who's promoting a book told ESPN Radio yesterday that the comments by Hardaway and people like him
are the loud comments that pollute the air.
These are the comments that create the atmosphere to allow some of the tragic incidents of homophobia
that we've seen, some of the attacks, some of the deaths.
Is it his fault? Is it him that makes these people do these terrible acts?
No, but it creates the atmosphere of formissiveness in which important people think it's okay to treat gay people this way.
This is what makes the lives of gay and lesbian young people in school miserable, said Amici.
Hardaway played for the heat we know this but a beat but several occasions he's expressed interest in returning to the roster
but they said, uh-uh. And what do you think now? I think the chances are pretty good now? No.
The incidents sparked a call from the pro sports team to put their players through sensitivity training.
Instead of being a denial about homophobia and sports they need to take action and said, saves Pea.
So that's some organization I didn't read that part of the story. Pea.
It's time for the NBN. I felt a bringing people who will sensitize the players to these issues.
We would facilitate it and gay leaders put it up in heat's popularity with all kinds of fans.
If he thinks homosexuals are not sports fanatics he'd better wake up and smell the coffee said Rod Brinesky co-founder and president of the Unity Coalition
Mami needs leading his spanish gay rights group. How do you like that?
Incrvel. There are plenty of heat fanatics who happen to be gay and we go to those games and say Ron.
He said Ronnie boy and I was going Ronnie boy. All right.
So they fall out continues and I got a big article here from a raw story about it and it'll kill some good time.
Yeah. Well there you go. What's the point? This is our own gay or not gay segment.
Yeah well when we come up with the oblong table or when is that story? The square table.
If you're going to try to get me started into a you know attack on that morning show go right ahead.
It just isn't going to happen. I mean what's the point? What is there for me to say that I haven't already said you know?
I'll say one thing I haven't said that is we got a thousand votes. We got a thousand two votes already it's not even eleven thirty yet.
That is really fan-trastic. The only sad part of it is the result.
I mean look there's no point in taking a poll if it always turns out the way you expected to or you wanted to or whatever but it's just shocking to me.
Which do you bathe with? Body wash or soap? I'm the male I use soap 505 still over 50% cleaning that soap squeezing it tightly.
And of course if you squeeze the soap tightly it tends to like squirt out of your hands and then you have to bend down and pick it up.
The male body wash 337. I seldom bathe 60. 6% of the audience seldom bathe.
Female use body wash 43. I hit this poll 32 only 3.1% and female who use the soap 25. So we got let's see 6.6% of the audience female let's send that to a signing.
But nevertheless almost two to one. The females with body wash and like I said all that does is reinforce the macho guys out there.
So that's for the ladies, Neil. What are you going to get with it and stop acting like some kind of a lady?
The biggest name. The best talent ever is this Beyond Rogers. The support radio 560.
You A.M.
So I Friday you bested.
Yo yo yo this is Kevin Fetteline. KFed. We're exciting news for those of you wanting to lose weight.
Yeah. I wouldn't have been getting a little fat on the gravy chain. So I decided to do something about it.
Well actually something was done for me but screw her you know. Anyway, it is a Fetteline cuisine. Fetteline cuisine is the easy way to lose weight because well you don't eat much because well you can't afford to. Fetteline cuisine is awesome.
It's a steak. Pasta. A crab leg maybe. I for dessert. This used to be ice cream I think.
Yeah, you get all this food. It doesn't cost nothing. Where did I get all this great grub? Out and back of the restaurant in the big green box. It's like buffet.
Fetteline cuisine. Not just a diet. It's a way of life. Yeah, I love that mean cuisine. It's 1131 at 560.
I got overwrought with emotion after I told him I loved him so many times. That's it. We ought to take some calls this half hour don't you think? How have the calls been? I mean I've been listening to haven't gotten any better since I've been eating by that.
I would say this week since I came back from my well-deserved vacation. I think they haven't been that bad. Am I right Chris? I've been too bad. We've had some things in once finally. And of course yesterday I mean how can you beat those couple of calls?
The guy who made the case for me I couldn't a thousand dollars wouldn't have paid for that call when he's given me a song of dance about it's being gay is not a choice now.
He's giving me the interrogation. And then he said well and I asked him about how did he know he was attracted to females. Well when I was an adolescent I realized and then after I nailed him on the realize that he finally changed it to decided.
He decided he liked ladies you know decided he made the choice like somebody put a you know like one from column A one from column B in a Chinese restaurant menu that kind of thing maybe he decided after a guy turned him down.
Maybe that was it maybe after all the guys said get lost loser maybe that's what he said maybe the ladies will put up with my craft.
I doubt it though WQ I am hello.
Oh I missed this let's keep going.
For your reading one of I think that flavor wave man you're easy Jesus.
He's hyped up for doing jumping jacks trying to break that's because you're so excited to be back on this show and you know it.
Of course I love the show. In fact if they were to pay you the same money to just stay on this show now of course Chris don't like here in this part because Chris is doing a fine job don't get me wrong.
But I'm just talking about your altitude if they to pay you the same amount to stay on the show as to what they're doing that goofy Q and website you would have said that's my brothers I'd stay right with the old man.
Is that even like a question or well there you go say and rest my case WQ I am hello.
Hey Neil how you doing okay sir.
Let me ask you a question how come if you're a straight guy like Tim Hardaway you assume that if somebody's gay they're going to be interested in you.
Yeah sir you have just touched on one of the greatest things of all time and that is that so many really grotesque straight guys think that all of his bags are like just drooling all over them that that always cracks me up.
Well I got a friend who says you know I wouldn't want to see guys in the army because what if you're in a foxhole and you know you're going to die and the guy might do something.
You're dying wishes to be with this guy I mean it's incredible.
I think he's got his holes on next up okay thanks pal.
Okay how do you like that now but that's one of the things that us facts talk about all the time is how many straight guys think that every bag every gay guy is uglying all over them and just dying to do something when in the meantime wouldn't touch them with with your hand you know what I'm saying.
No yes you do don't give me this no you know exactly what I'm saying WQ I am hello Q I am.
Yeah it's one thing I've found so amazing with you is that your gay but you know so much about sports I can't believe the things that come out of your mouth now you know everything about sports is blows me away.
Yeah and you're gay.
Yeah so well how do you do that?
Oh it's a mystery I can't explain it on a year it's a mystery.
You say the cause I'm good.
Oh man he was sensational you're gay but you know all this sports stuff and you're a big hockey fan and you go to all these used to be a dolphin season ticket order for years and years and you watch the least beat the flyers for two last night the pathetic flyers how do you know all this stuff.
Gay has got nothing it's just I mean while I even try to answer something like that but that that's the ignorance band it is rampant and when you when you understand that it's ignorance it's not as bad as just plain hate just for the sake of it you know it's just because people are stupid.
Yeah every gay person is like you know singing show tunes and put it on mascara and dressing up like the ladies doing a little cross dressing and stuff like that.
Wow.
WDQAM hello.
This thing is starting to get funky again.
I don't think I need to punch that.
I'm hitting it again.
There you go QAM hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
You know what?
That's him right away.
It is supposedly straight guy that gives that man on the radio has got to be gay.
Is that it?
Oh yeah.
I guess if you're mad you're gay okay if you're gay you're mad.
Hmm dark the darkest of the dark greens are coming up now that's a very good sign.
I send it this cold.
1222 votes on the pool.
Maybe I'll make a little tea during this next break.
That'd be good.
Some of that constant cement constant cement that's what it is that that's a very good name for it.
It tastes like cement it's the worst taste in tea but it works very good.
See that's if there was a god but he really make things that are taste great bad for you and things that are good for you.
Taste horrible.
Although I am not one of those people that hates broccoli.
Georgia's like that.
He hates broccoli.
He hates cauliflower stuff like I love that stuff.
What's not to life?
You don't though huh?
No I love broccoli.
I can feel it.
I can feel it.
This guy's having a cheese lover and so like it's Ruth Chris you can get like cauliflower or broccoli or grotton or spinach or grotton.
And man I could just eat that by the gallon full.
I just love that stuff.
And it's good for you.
A little bit.
Well all the heavy cheese in there of course probably goes in your cloud your arteries but never less.
See if there was a god he wouldn't have made constant cement tea so good for your throat.
It's soothing and it goes down good.
That's what Kathy will let's say.
WDQYN hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
The only thing that's kept me about getting old is feel seeing with the same way back on with now.
So I know it was the same woman.
Add that with the pole.
Okay well I don't blame you probably from the sounds.
I'm not right I'm doing that.
I just said I might do that for tomorrow but he wants to get out ahead of the game.
The mean Monday but yeah.
Yeah.
Monday.
Coming in tomorrow.
Do you know Roger Saturday?
He watched Paul is going to continue all the way through the weekend then huh?
That's right.
That is today's pool.
See I get so far ahead of myself on there.
Did you notice what I just almost said?
I almost said.
Oh yeah just like that.
Oh you finally got that huh?
Oh yeah.
Oh what.
Oh what.
I got it.
I don't have the little Richard thing though I'm very jealous of that.
Monday morning don't forget Chris I got to get that to steal that from you.
Okay.
I'm going to put that on the next disc that they send up here.
WDQYN hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
Grat him by the collar.
Neil no you could take him out anytime you feel like it.
Get away.
Get away by getting back and go out of the brain if you got your Neil.
I got you.
So threatening to you sir why is that so freaking threatening?
Is that going to change your kids?
Is that going to harm them or is it going to make them maybe a little bit more open-minded?
Like hey this ain't no thing you know like that.
By the way I'm almost positive that the kid wouldn't even have noticed anything.
Right.
You know if the dad didn't say anything.
Oh there were guys holding hands there.
It's daddy that's peeing in his pants that's having a nervous breakdown because daddy's probably in the freaking closet.
The biggest name.
The best talent to the business.
Neil Rodgers.
For 20560.
You A.M.
Friday you bastard.
You're a busy professional woman.
With your eye I'm a corner office.
You've got it all.
Nice car.
Nice house.
Plenty of money.
Yet there's still something missing.
You've tried online dating.
Single bars.
Reality shows.
And even blind dates set up by your mother.
But you still can't find Mr. Wright.
Well now you can stop looking.
Microsoft introduces.
The Huzzbot.
A life-size window-based anatomically correct, fully functional companion that simulates all husbandly duties.
Your customized Huzzbot will arrive the aground shipping in 46 weeks.
Completely ready to go.
Huzzbot will you take out the garbage please?
I am locked into the game.
You've been sitting in front of that television set for hours.
Shut up bitch.
What are you standing?
You heard me.
You don't talk to me that way.
I am a fool boss.
You know what?
My mother was right about you Huzzbot.
You are just like that fishy.
What if that's supposed to mean?
Just get me a beer and some cheetos and sip it.
Here's Huzzbot creator.
Dr. Fritz Beckenbauer.
I've hussled looking for kids at the perfect partner for the woman.
Then I stumbled upon the Huzzbot.
I made him exactly like the man.
Ah, ah, what was that?
I farted.
You're disgusting.
Blitz made woofie.
Nick whoopee.
Are you kidding?
You're repulsing.
Come on baby daddy's horny.
Ah, get away from me.
The Huzzbot is available in white.
Hale black.
What's up dog?
Hispanic.
Oh la.
Indian.
Hale takes up work.
And albino.
Turn off the lights.
Women all over the world are getting their Huzzbots.
I thought being single was bad.
But now I'm married and miserable.
Thank you Huzzbot.
That means I'm not going to be a good boy.
Huzzbot is not going to cook itself.
Go to hell Huzzbot.
At least they can cook my meat, Huzzbot.
Ah, the Huzzbot from Microsoft.
Just as a lousy as a normal guy.
Fight me.
14 million a QM by the way we're making progress now which is really outstanding.
We're a little under 50% on the soap as opposed to the body wash.
Bulletin there.
1045 votes and 49.9% are the meals are using soap 522.
I'm sorry I just had a little technical error here in the studio.
What happened?
I just pulled the microphone off the stand.
I was trying to adjust it.
Yeah it's just hanging like incredible hole.
It's all the way off.
Well maybe not pull it so hard next time.
Try not to.
1445 votes and little under 50% of the guys using soap.
The ladies however, 46 of body wash and 26 for soap.
I mean you know this is a little bit almost like paper or plastic.
You know maybe we'll do that one next week.
Maybe that guy that called in about the pull about getting old.
Maybe he can call in about paper or plastic.
What do you say pal?
Hey come on you can do it.
Anyway getting back to Hardaway and they had a big thing on CNN about it just now.
There was Charles Barclay on their pontificating and spitting of people too.
I thought that was a little bit over the top.
Former NBA player John Amici and the Englishman's admission of homosexuality
with a hardline stance against gay players named B.A.
from a Hardaway but a boot but a boot but a hardaway city hated gay people.
And Amici whose book on his closet of life in the NBA was published Wednesday
would not have been someone hardaway wanted as a teammate.
First of all I wouldn't want him on my team and second of all if he was on my team
I would you know really distance myself from him because I don't think that's right.
Hardaway said.
He doesn't think it's right.
You know I don't think he should be in a locker room while we're in the locker room.
I wouldn't even want to be a part of that.
There's a lot of other people I hear or like that still in the closet.
I don't like that.
He just don't like it you know.
Tim Hardaway don't like it.
Amici has said there are other gay players in the NBA currently so it's entirely possible.
Hardaway has had homosexual teammates and they haven't even known it.
Hardaway who told him on my TV station he wouldn't speak to a gay family member
apologize for his comments in a statement and of course they always do that.
When it starts the public reaction is bad when you start losing on your contracts
then oh I apologize sorry anybody got offended but a boot but a boot but a bump.
What is the age?
What?
I was going to say when his agent told him he screwed himself he won't get any more gigs.
Now show up you're stupid not to jackass.
Beyond mere issues of locker room trust in bonds among teammates Amici said Hardaway's words of anger
and intimidation show why gay people worry about making their sexual orientation public.
It now allows people to take off those rose colored glasses and understand that homophobia is a
pro not only in sport but in society Amici told ESPN publishes his book.
Spue and vitriol isn't something we should give credit to for sparking discussion.
Society is not for that.
One man has made hundreds of thousands of people not feel uncomfortable on safe feel they should hide and run.
What he has done is made like more civic up perhaps more dangerous for people in society
not just in sports is using bolden those who hold the same views.
When he depersonalizes it's not just a foolish comment it's a foolish comment that echoes around the country.
People will feel under pressure like they're under attack.
They'll feel anxious they'll know there's a face and a voice for all those people who are out there who hate them.
I don't know how that can be conducive to any kind of society at all Amici said Amici whose black rejects the idea of mere tolerance for gay is saying
I have no interest in being tolerated as a black or gay person.
Well I say amen to that as a black as a gay or a white person or black.
Amici said that while response to his revelation has been overwhelming and be positive
Hardaway's comments have touched a wave of threatening anti gay messages beyond what he'd been receiving.
Every comment that Hardaway made is labeled with hate Amici said the percentage of emails I've gotten overnight that are going to have to go into a little box somewhere
just in case I end up dead are unbelievable.
That's what he said.
Un-un-un-un-un-un.
Just like that he said.
He's been a lightning rod for people to finally open the floodgates and decide they can say some pretty awful stuff.
These are the comments that create the atmosphere that allows some of the tragic incidents of homophobia that we've seen Amici said.
This is what makes the lives of gay and lesbian young people in schools miserable.
It's what stops gay and lesbian people in the workplace from coming out as well as the fact that they can be fined in 33 states for being gay.
Said Amici.
Here's a very important fact I'm sure it says, oh, full suggestion.
Oh, I like that. That's so yeah.
Not too bad, right?
Gay people are born that way, choose that life, wish they were straight, are all flamers, are easy to spot, want me or love him hardaway.
A lot of good choices on there, huh?
It's a little bit unbalanced though.
I would say that's from down the street, the university dogs there.
It's a Kimba Boat campers' joint.
Really? Isn't that what the thing I fear about growing old?
Poll came from too.
Well, let me see.
Yeah, it is. I'm looking at it.
Yeah, it is. University Bell.
We get Zillions of facts from down there.
So Kimba's workmates or maybe Kimba himself.
I don't know. Nobody ever puts names on these.
But there are a lot of people who like do stuff like that who have, you know, aren't really working all day.
And so they send you all kinds of faxes and text messages and stuff like that, which is great, you know.
Matt Dog would call them corporate time-stealing weasel.
Corporate time-stealing weasels, which is fine with me.
I'm all for, less work and more pay.
I've always said that and that's my motto.
Less work, more pay.
Just show me the money, sweetie.
Mmm.
Man, that is scalding hot.
I think I pulled that water a little bit too long and it's hotter than a witch's knuckle.
149 votes on the pool and we're down to 49.8% on the soap.
I mean, not that it makes any difference.
No matter what the result of the pool is, it ain't going to change one person out there.
There's still going to be squeezing that soap and it's going to be flying all over the wall and et cetera.
WDQIM, hello.
The meal.
Yes, sir.
On the present rot.
WDQIM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I'd like to be the meal, please.
Speaking.
I guess if gay men are allowed to stay in the locker room with straight men, then heterosexual men should be allowed to be in girls' locker rooms or girls should be allowed in men's locker rooms.
I mean, what's the difference?
No, I'm right.
What's the difference?
I mean, if you're attracted to that and you have a bunch of men running around and you know, you're attracted to men,
wouldn't it be the same as the heterosexual being in our locker room for women?
No.
What's the difference?
What's the difference is that homosexual men...
I mean, there really isn't technically any difference, but what would be the point?
I mean, we obnoxious.
Listen, we're having men in the locker room with them naked.
You see, you're assuming, you're assuming which the guy mentioned before, you're assuming that all homosexual men want to hop on every other guy's bones.
That's what you're assuming.
I'm assuming that at all, I just think that it's not right for them to be able to stare at a bunch of naked men.
Well, I mean, they're staring at...
How do you know they're staring?
What makes you think that they're staring at?
How are they in the locker room?
I mean, it seems hard to miss.
You know, why can't I put that in the locker room?
It sounds like the voice of experience to me.
That's what it sounds like.
They're staring at them, yes?
I report on the hurricanes for the station, you know, get interviews and stuff for our things.
The female sportswriters are allowed to go into the locker room for several years now.
And I can tell you every time I've talked to one of them, when they've talked about, you know, most of the players are good, you know, when all the reporters go in there, when they once they've opened it up, most of them cover up.
Some of them, it's almost like on purpose, they just stand at the locker naked.
They're hanging in there every single female reporter has said they personally hate it.
And that like in a couple of them will make sure they bring in pads so that they can, you know, position it so that they're not seeing anything.
You know, the interesting part of what this guy just said is this.
How many episodes has anybody ever heard of have any athlete being attacked by his gay fellow athlete in the locker room?
I've never heard of that in my life.
Have you?
No.
Never heard of it.
It doesn't happen.
It doesn't happen.
It's just stupidity.
Yeah, well, we shouldn't allow them in there. It's just not right because they're staring at him and they're looking at their good, and what about it?
How about if I'm sitting in a shopping mall?
I'm out there. I'm staring at the hot looking young guys.
Okay. Is that make me some kind of a pervert? Yes. And I'm glad to be.
I mean, what does it do to somebody? Why are you so threatened, sir?
What is it that you're so concerned about that you're so offtight about?
And again, this goes back to the same deal, even though he denies it about every one of these homophobes thinks that air is not good.
Every gay guy is just dying to grab ahold of his goods and get him in the sack and do every which way and all this other crap.
Stupid is what it is.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yo, Nioh. You know, so many people make me laugh and we guys know a lot of room and stuff like that, but who really cares?
If you're at the way I look at it, if you're confident in your sexuality, no matter who's around or what it's around, the thing that the one thing I wanted to make a comment about, too hard to wait it, that made me kind of make me laugh, is that.
But people should do as really he or her to hit him in his pocket. They'll go to his car wash, they'll go to his pub by chicken and let him see that being an arrogant person or excuse me, not arrogant, being ignorant will really hurt you somewhere another.
So have all the hate you want and maybe you'll take it away from his pocket. Have a great being though.
Okay, thank you. He already lost that one contract with that bald baldie's whatever that guy, bald eagle guy.
And he's not going to do TV normal, right?
Really?
And he's not he, you know, he was an NBA analyst and they're not analists. Maybe that's not a lot of he was an analyst.
Maybe that kind of like shines a spotlight in the right area, or something.
158 votes on the pool.
But you sure gave everybody lots of talk about it. I'll say that. You know, we opened up a big stupid mouth as if there's something unusual in sports opening up a big stupid mouth.
Because most jocks are morons. Okay, not all of them. There's some very bright guys. Remember Bill Bradley who ran for president,
even though he spoke with a kind of like a speech defect, but he was a very bright guy NBA basketball player. Bill Bradley, remember?
Yep.
And there have been a few very educated athletes and some of actually graduate college and get a degree and maybe attended a few classes and had some textbooks.
But generally speaking, sports is not for highly educated folks. I'm talking about playing in it. It's for the like dumb like give me the ball, give me the ball. That kind of crap.
Slime a jam. Slime a jam of this.
The biggest thing. Slime up in Ben and let's go.
This is Bill Rogers, sports radio 560.
You A.M.
Art Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q.A.M.
First thing I said when my plane finally landed, class be home.
Next thing I said to my best friend was, let's get us on.
We drank some beer, put up with some bags.
I seemed like life would finally be kind of sane. And I got to let her a fix the price. Something I could not believe.
I had to go back to that place where they should have me. Leave all the comforts of home.
Place where they enjoy killing each other. Don't know if they think and be done.
The dirt tour of duty is pretty insane. But it's you that we're doing.
You got to go back to the goal.
Probably one at 560 WQA.
Hip hop digga, Foxy Brown is something new to rap about from the Broward County jail.
You see this story? No.
After being charged with throwing hair glue and spinning at a beauty shop supply store in FOIA,
and then taking this away at a cop.
Well, Foxy's a little bit out of control. It sounds alleged.
The latest legal run in for the 20 year old resident of Anglewood Cliff's New Jersey began Thursday night last night,
when Brown, whose real name is Ingrid Marshon, was utilizing beauty products inside the bathroom at Queen Beauty Supply,
12105 Pembroke Road.
Around 9 p.m. owner Hayesam Gounheim, who was at Goyam, told Brown to leave because he was closing.
He said Brown refused and hurled insults at him and then threw the hair glue.
The platinum-selling rapper then became completely unglued.
She spit on Gourashan, or Gounshan, whatever his name is, gone on when he went to the phone to dial 911.
The rapper left the store but police caught up to her outside the shopping plaza.
Officer DeCuba asked her to return to the shop with him, but she refused and swatted the officer's hand away.
The report said she swatted at him like a fly swatter.
I sure hope she didn't swatted his fly.
She then swung at the officer and fought with him.
Cuba said in his report that he was forced to take her down to gain control because she had swung at him.
He took her down.
No one was injured.
Foxy Abrofennative, who was first hit Ilnana album, was a high school anthem for 1996.
Are you familiar with that?
Yes, I am.
That's my high school days.
Really?
Yes.
That's why I asked.
Ilnana.
What is that?
That's the name.
No, I know that, but I mean, what is it all about?
Well, for some thing I can't say on the radio.
Really?
Something dirty?
Something sub-rosa?
Well, the song itself, not, you know.
Oh.
Anyway, she's being held at the Abroad County Jailu, a $1,500 bomber, resisting officers with violence and battery charges.
Not the first time she's been arrested for spitting.
Ooh, fat.
Foxy was accused of a 17 of spitting auto-tell workers in Royal North Carolina because they told her an iron was not available.
I know, resolution of the kiss was not immediately known.
A little bit on the temperamental side, I'd say.
They didn't have an iron fird to iron out her difficulties and as a result, she gave them a little, I don't want to do it here.
I don't want to spit on the microfiber.
Like that.
Or maybe more like...
Yeah, more like that.
I could do that now.
Maybe a couple of days ago.
In 2004, she was accused of assaulting two nail salon workers in a closing time break.
So we're a $2 manicure and pedicure.
I got the pedicure, but they didn't give me the manicure, she said.
She's got issues, baby, as they say.
She's got issues.
Brown later played a guilty to misdemeanor assault charges and that case admitted using her cell phone infested the attack of the North Blooming Nails.
She was sentenced to three years probation.
Rapper, fun.
Now I'll tell you that'll make you gay if you go into a place and get a manicure.
Do you guys go in and get manicured?
I've heard that they do.
I've heard rumors.
I don't know if there was our gay guys.
I couldn't tell you.
That sounds very, very gay to me.
Rapper Foxy Brown, his real name, they just got through Santa.
Right.
Oh, look at this.
This is the Sun Centrelay.
They repeated several paragraphs of the story.
I just got through reading this and they, yeah, he's still had to take her down.
You're going down, honey.
Sounds like she's got some real problems, multi-problem.
Let's take some more of those great calls now.
Let's hear about Tim Hardaway and the guys looking at each other in a shower.
And it's the same as guys going into a lady's shower.
It's just stupid, you know.
And then this again is the presumption of hostility among all men, our out of control sexual animals.
And if they see somebody that they find sexually attractive, they're going to attack them.
They're going to be intimidating.
It's just a worst attitude is what it is.
It's just childish.
It's pathetic.
I mean, I think back to those days when we were taking showers together in gym class in high school.
I mean, were they going to exclude me because there was some kind of a pansy?
I was looking.
What are you laughing about?
I was looking.
And did it harm anybody?
I mean, this business of being afraid to be looked at, that just really cracks me up.
But were you looking at me?
I beg your pardon.
That's right.
They were staring at him with that nasty gay, gay, that's why they call it a gays.
Gays.
Gays.
They were gazing at them because their body parts were exposed to the, you're just a childish man.
You're pathetic.
And all you're doing is just making excuses for your own bigotry and stupidity is all.
WQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good afternoon.
And Venus to you.
I don't just like body wash.
I love it.
Do you?
No, very good.
He doesn't just like it.
He loves it, which means, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, I love it, too, as a matter of fact.
I mean, you know, I love Josh Cortes.
I love everybody.
I'm just a lovable kind of guy these days.
Just goes with the aterator, I guess.
He don't just like it.
He loves it.
He's just trying to do better.
Trying to make a statement.
Maybe it's in a harder way because a lot of people come out of the closet now.
Although, like Meets, he said, I don't think so.
I think he's going to cause them to go back in.
They're going to be racing back in.
They're going to be a big crowd in there once again because of his stupidity.
WDQ-R-N, hello.
Anyil.
Yes, sir.
How you doing?
I just want to say a couple of points to these idiots who are calling their show gay-bash,
and they don't have a clue about biology.
First of all, when it comes to biology, there's nothing written and stone, okay?
You got her MAPA guy to come with both parts.
And they say, get in the homework.
They realize that every person who's born on this planet is born a female until a certain fact
is make a decision between the two.
So I think they should go through their homework before they realize that they're more on when they...
Well, moreons don't do homework, sir.
Moreons don't confuse them with the facts.
They're not going to do any homework.
You're absolutely right, sir.
And have a great day.
And of course, all those evil animals, you know, all those that they're going to burn in hell,
all those homosexual animals all through the mammal kingdom, they're homosexuals.
And since the beginning of recorded time, must be just evil people.
I read a lot of those letters in the, like I said in the red-coach-text blog
in the Herald this morning, and just enough to make you vomit.
The kind of speutum that people come up with.
And, oh, you know, I have no toleration for that kind of crap.
That kind of crap.
In a world just filled with hate, God forbid that there should be any two people,
forget who they are, who actually have any kind of positive feelings to each other, you know?
Who might put their arm around each other, like to give them a hug or hold it at somebody's hand.
And it's just doing something positive to somebody else.
Oh, and God only knows what they're doing in the bedroom.
And like I always say, why is it your business? Why do you care?
It's say it would be like, my worrying about what heterosexual people are doing in their bedroom.
What, what do I care? What, what is that to me?
Why does that affect my life?
Well, I mean, what is that for me to worry about?
Am I right?
Yeah.
Or back up on the streaming, we only had 26 dropouts.
Oh, this place, man.
There's no point to it, and it's never going to change.
And I keep saying it only because it keeps my sanity, but this place is just, it never ceases to amaze.
W.A.K.Y.M. Hello.
What is that?
What is that?
Okay.
I think he's got the phone stack on his throat.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil Kim Hardaway sees Game Table.
He sees Game Table.
W.A.M. Hello.
Neil, what, you were hoping you were playing?
You were right. Yeah, hoping you were playing.
W.A.M. Hello.
Not there.
They're good.
I told you Josh, they're better than ever today.
W.A.M. All week long. Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey Neil, how are you?
Okay, sir.
As far as the whole Hardaway thing is concerned, I got a totally different outtake if you give me a second.
The whole one thing?
Oh, how did I remember him now?
I got a different outtake.
It's kind of, I like the fact that he came out and said something because it shows how people have not really changed.
And hopefully there won't be a change after that.
You know what I mean?
I sit back and I know it's different, but I'm married to a white woman and I'm black.
But we get these stairs and all this other stuff still to this day.
And we thought things have changed.
I'll see that's another difference.
Now where do you live?
I live, well, I guess you could say in cold springs.
Okay, so you're in South Florida.
So for example, here in Toronto, because there is such a multicultural city and there are all these people from China and India,
you see just zillions of mixed-raced couples walking down the streets, you know, like a black guy with a Chinese chick or the other way around.
Yeah, I mean, just, and nobody pays any attention to it because it's so commonplace that it's no thing.
You know what I'm saying doesn't mean anything.
Kind of like the Europeans when it comes to nakedness on TV, they don't really care because they see it all the time.
That is correct.
I'm hoping we can actually change something here, you know, in America, like, or at least within ourselves.
Because if you think about it, this thing coming out, it gives an opportunity to teachers to go to kids and say, look, that was wrong.
And you have to turn it around.
Now teachers aren't going to do that. That's not going to happen.
Because then, no, teachers aren't allowed to do that.
Because then of course that's when the Christian rites start saying, you know,
Rattling their spear and getting all bad out of shape.
And you're teaching all of it in lifestyles and that's not your all of this other crap.
You're just telling me we're all doing.
I don't know. I didn't say we're all doing, but I mean, it's just going to take a very long time.
I mean, we're making little tiny baby steps and then along comes some big jackass like this and opens up a dumb mouth
and opens up all the wounds again. That's all he did, just like John and Miche used to.
Yeah, you know what I do understand the home, you know, about opening up sort of wounds.
But yet if it wasn't open, no one would be talking about it.
Everyone would just not, you know, just continue on being closetly, you know, hateful and all that other stuff.
You know what I mean? But anyway, you take care of yourself.
Okay, you two, pal.
567, 0560 and Tom 560 on the horizon singular wireless line.
177 votes on the pole, paper or plastic, normal or spastic.
Can you imagine, can you even begin to imagine?
I could take to the stories that are the people that I have seen and things have encountered in my life, but I won't.
Had a recessional guys, at least alleged, married guys, I'll put it that way, married guys with wedding bands, doing amazing things with other guys.
You know what I'm talking about? No.
Do you have any idea why I don't want to get too graphic?
But you have any idea how much of that goes on?
How many people, because of cultural pressures, are forced into grotesque marriages that are doomed to fail from the beginning,
loveless marriages, into a nightmare life?
We did a poll on that one time, in fact, maybe we'll do that again next week too.
But how many people are in the closet, maybe married or going with somebody from the office, it's like, because they're fresh and they're doing it.
When you're going to get married already, when you're going to give me some grandchildren, when you're going to do something like normal already.
The biggest name, some best talent, the fastest wheelrodgerists, 4.560, you A.M.
Who's gonna get a bricky of wool?
A mannequin warm-man, she's got my bare hands, a mannequin warm-man, loveless in the air-hands.
Keep her hanging around my floor, she's ready any time I want to score.
She never said that I'm in the mood, I never got a tunnel around, I'm true.
My woman, got nothing to say, hey, my mannequin warm-man, can you want to lay?
Hey, hey, my mannequin warm-man, and what as a sheep, my mannequin warm-man, will never go to sleep.
She's coming up and upon my door, because she's a girl I fell in the clothing store.
I feel lucky, you're the most guys when I'm right in the middle of plastic flies.
My woman, got nothing to say, hey, my mannequin warm-man, can you want to lay?
The ultimate act of desperation, baby, a blow-up dog, but nevertheless I guess it works for some people, and they don't talk back, and not that expensive,
don't have to take them out in wine and dinams, stuff like that.
All of these things.
1218 at 560 W.A.M., three major Florida law enforcement groups have joined a growing list of voices advocating changes to these state's gun laws to prevent criminals from legally carrying handguns.
Don't mess with my guns, y'all.
Leaders of the Florida Sheriffs Association, they Florida for Journal Order Police, and they Florida Police Chiefs Association told the Sun Central this week that they will support efforts to tighten eligibility rules for concealed weapons licenses.
That's the American, because America is all about crazy people with lots of guns, the more the merrier.
At the same time, the regional community collaboration on violence, a South Florida organization dedicated to reducing gun violence, said it will make recommendations to the legislature for change.
The group has made up of police prosecutors, politicians, and parents that children slain by firearms and broward and, they'd counties.
We're not waiting for more tragedies to happen, said Jeff Gourley, the organization's chairman.
The action follows a Sun Central Investigation last month at fund more than 1400 Floridians possess valid concealed weapons licenses, even though they plead guilty or no contested felonies.
The crimes included assault, burglary, drug possession, sexual battery, and manslaughter.
Sexual battery sounds like something Sally fits with no about.
Hundreds of others didn't have their firearm licenses, as fed at a revoked as five warrants for their arrest, domestic violence injunctions, or misdemeanor convictions for reckless assault.
Among the licensees, six registered sex offenders, a Tampa pizza delivery man, wanted for fatally shooting a 15-year-old over stolen order chicken wings.
Oh, yeah. Don't you hate when that happens?
Yeah.
A Tampa pizza delivery man, wanted for fatally shooting a 15-year-old over a stolen order of chicken wings, and a pepper pies man who shot his girlfriend in the head as she cooked breakfast.
Maybe she was cooking up some really nasty grits, or something I'm rind with.
You've got some horrendous examples in your story that should not be tolerated, sit on County Sheriff Larry Campbell, president of the Florida Sheriff's Association.
He said the association will push the tough in the law. I'm all for the people's right to carry a firearm.
He said, but I'm not certainly not for the felons right to carry one.
It's time to make some adjustments, Dave, police director Robert Parker said.
National Rifle Association, which wields considerable influence in Tallahassee, no kidding, vowed to oppose any revision that excludes people who have not been formally convicted.
We do not participate in legislation that gratuitously takes away the rights of people because when you begin taking away the rights of people that you don't like, that's the slippery slope, said Florida NRA lobbyist Mary and P. Hammer.
The Hammer, he's speaking.
Convicted felons are prohibited in Florida from possessing guns or gun licenses.
The more than 1400 people in the Sun Sentinel Farm with Valorgun licenses entered guilty or no contest, please, and commonly served probation but had convictions withheld from their records.
Self-preserved agreements spurred offence for being labeled convicted felons while moving cases faster through the court system.
Campbell called the distinction strictly semantics.
If you shot somebody with a gun and played a guilty or no contest, you're a criminal, he said.
House Speaker Marco Rubio, Republican of West Miami, said this month that the legislature could consider creating a special judicial category in which all people sentenced for certain crimes with four-fifth or right to carry concealed weapons.
Our goal has to be to make sure that dangerous people don't have access to weapons.
Oh, that ain't no fun.
How can you have anything to talk about on the nightly news if dangerous people don't have a bunch of weapons, right?
That's right.
Like George W. Bush, he got all the weapons at his disposal he wants, and they don't come no more dangerous than him, then W.
111 votes, we just passed 111.
I think we had a shot at 12 today, don't you, 1200?
Sure.
Well, if Josh would have been doing his usual pushing and pulling, which I hear is his area of expertise, oh speaking of that, is Josh D'Aller and you leave on it.
What do you mean?
I don't know.
You get, you think I'm going to be distracted easily?
Didn't I, would we get any food in for him today or what?
Oh, dude.
Oh, yeah.
I went to town today.
Really?
Yeah.
On.
How is he?
Oh, you want to know what I ordered?
Yeah, I'd like a little more specific.
I mean, we don't have to get all the grimy, greasy details, but it would be nice.
I got bacon that I started with.
Yeah.
Then I got grouper fingers with fries.
Grouper fingers, yeah.
And then I ordered a salad.
And a salad.
Well, that sounds, over the fries though, it shouldn't be in the fries.
What is it with everybody in the fries?
You know, by the only sane person in the world, what I always tell everybody, I'm the only sane person going, you're the only insane person in the world that doesn't like fries.
I never said I didn't like him, but I don't like him enough that I can't live without him.
In other words, I know they're very bad for me and I eat a lot of other crap, that's bad for me.
Look, you've always heard me say this, and I'll say it again for the 8 billion time.
If I'm going to eat something, being the diabetic that I'm, if I'm going to cheat and I'm going to eat something that I really should eat.
Right.
Because certainly potatoes are carbohydrates and they're poison for diabetic.
But if I have to choose between French fries or maybe a pint of ice cream, which one do you think I'm going to choose?
Well, Josh, there you go, take the ice cream.
Okay.
I mean, you just can't be cheating all over the place, and especially when you try to lose some weight and be a little bit spelt and human looking, which I'm trying desperately to do.
Good luck with that.
What do you mean by that?
What are you down to?
I'm down to 184, by the way, Mr. 184.
Do you know that's the lowest I've weighed again this morning?
We're still 184, not too bad.
That's the lowest I've weighed in more years than I can figure.
Last time I remember to get down to like, it was 186.
And that was, oh, I don't know, maybe 10 years ago.
You're doing good, man.
Keep it up, 184.
Yeah, and go get some fries.
Fries are fattening, they're bad for you, they're like deep fries.
You just can't, you know, you can't eat carbs, man.
Let me say it again.
If I'm going to eat carbs, I'd much rather have my low carb pasta, which still affects my, but I love it.
Don't you understand?
I have a couple of weenies and put them in my sauce there, my low carb sauce.
Get some nice parmesan or somebody would say parmesan cheese and sprinkle it all over the place.
That's a good meal, that's good for you.
It's not bad for you.
But French fries are bad for their deep fried.
Can I say it's like corn dogs?
You ever have a corn dog?
Yeah.
Corn dogs are for rednecks.
Yeah, not a big thing.
You know what else are for rednecks?
Biscuits, biscuits and gravy.
Now, do we have any hardies we've been through this a million times?
I guess we do have a hardies somewhere in South Florida, not too many of them.
Not South Florida.
Tampa, I know they're all over the world.
Oh yeah, they're all over Tampa.
Or land, I know.
Yeah, yeah.
A lot of the good stuff doesn't come to South Florida, they understand.
They don't want to participate in all the bad taste.
But hardies is good.
And I like their shroom burger and that stuff and whatever.
But them biscuit and gravy stuff and that ain't for me.
That is strictly for rednecks.
Oh, brother.
I don't mind a little biscuits and butter.
Oh, you know the biscuits I'm talking about, the real Mealy ones, you know, they're like, oh, nothing worse.
The only thing worse than Mealy muffins is a Mealy mouth.
I like me and I saw a biscuit.
I mean, I've got biscuits and gravy.
You like it and I saw one?
Right.
11.8 votes on the poll.
I do love you though, just keep that in mind.
How did that all start?
I have no idea.
I just, it was kind of fun.
Well, I was, I think, when you were still doing the show, you know, yes.
I was trying to differentiate.
I was trying to point out to you that I like you a lot.
You're a good guy, but I don't love you.
I mean, you know, like I'll say, I love Hank.
You know, I love Hank as a friend.
You know, I almost say they're very beautiful.
I know that you love.
You know, precisely what I'm talking about.
You can't love everybody deeply and affectionately and carry out, you know.
You follow what I'm talking about?
I know exactly what you're talking about.
You're the one that started all of this.
That's right.
That's right.
I don't blame them.
They don't get me in any trouble.
Okay, I'm just trying to get my life put back together.
And I'm just, you're starting with this love crap.
Okay, I don't love anybody.
How's that?
I don't love anybody.
I don't like it.
Don't love me.
Just, just put off with me.
That's all.
Don't love me.
Like my father used to say, there's no such thing as love.
It's just a word.
I'd say, and you wonder why I'm as cold as ice as stone.
That's the kind of environment I grew up in.
I will do that show about my childhood one day on air.
In fact, if Josh is lucky, maybe he'll be in there on that day.
You won't even believe it.
How do you like that line?
Sit in.
How do you like that line from a parent there?
And he said it on several occasions.
There's no such thing as love.
It's just a word.
That was my father, my dad.
And that touching?
No.
Cold as the Arctic.
I day you were still.
Are you ready for some football then to them?
To ESPN Gay?
And he hits the hole right after Jesse opens it up.
Oh yeah.
ESPN Gay.
That's the fact that guy runs through Cowboys.
Bears.
Vikings.
Packers.
You'll get them all on ESPN Gay.
He's going to fire into his guy right here.
He'll be the sweat.
You push, you push, you push, you push, you smell.
The passion.
You just load him backwards.
You put him right on his back.
There's ain't some makeover show on Bravo.
It's the NFL.
On ESPN Gay.
And then everyone's trying to slop it around down there
and grunt and it's grown in.
You know, you get much stuff flying in it.
And then you pass those and squat, like, fires.
ESPN Gay.
Where there's never a wardrobe malfunction.
I don't know where that one came from.
Sundays will never be the same.
That one would pledge it to be the last shot out of the Roman candle.
Call your cable operator now and demand the ESPN Gay.
We're going to have a big ol' boy.
What a beautiful old guy's we're having a good ESPN Gay.
Now that's a mouthful.
That's a gay club you wore on.
Oh, I'm a person about it.
I mean, just the concept of guys taking showers naked together
in the first place.
Forget about what their sexual dittling is.
Yeah, just the concept of that seems awfully gay.
I mean, I could be wrong about that.
No, you're right.
I mean, just based on the end,
addition to which he's looking at me.
And the only reason I think that anybody would be upset about that
is maybe we're extraordinarily under endowed.
I mean, that would be embarrassing.
But other than that, who cares?
So what if they are looking at you?
Why are you threatened by that?
Whoos.
That's the operative word.
Whoos.
5670560, Pond 560, the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
But above and beyond all, they heart away business.
That thing this morning that just got me.
If you tune in late, I'm listening to Kenny and Bobby
for our show this morning.
Georgia courses out sick today, or at least with his family is also.
And he's not here today.
So he didn't come in, then I give chance to listen to about an hour there show,
or whatever it was.
And the guy calls in and goes in and again,
this coming out now because of the hard-of-way thing yesterday.
And so the Amichi comments are right on target.
All this did is open up an avenue for people to unleash their hostility
and their intolerance and their hate.
And the guy tells about how he took his family, including his kid.
He didn't tell us how many kids he had or how old they were.
He didn't mention that probably about 18, who knows.
But to Disney last summer.
And it happened to be it was during the, what are they don't call it,
Gades anymore, they call it something, whatever.
Pride day.
No, is that it?
I'm guessing.
I don't know.
Pride day or Pride day?
Frame was Pride day.
And they're walking around through Disney, and all of a sudden these these two guys holding hands.
And there's another guy with his armor on, another guy.
And his kid is there with me.
He feels so uncomfortable about this.
And why didn't they tell him and warn him and, oh my God.
And that was the conversation.
And of course, you know, Kenny and Borsan, oh yeah, well they should have told you.
And they should have, you know, you shouldn't know.
And if you're offended by this, look, if you're offended by anything, don't leave the house.
That's my best suggestion.
Just like the guy that called before who's a black and he's got the white wife or whatever he was talking about.
If you're offended by multi-racial couples, don't leave the house.
If you're offended by guys who are effeminate and walk swishy, don't leave the house.
If you're offended by people who smell bad or maybe dress real sloppy like me, don't leave the house.
That's my suggestion for you.
Part of living is being offended.
And as you live and become more tolerant, more intelligent, more understanding, and have more experiences,
you become less offended because you realize that ain't no thing.
It's nothing.
Why do you care if there are two guys walking down the street holding their hands?
And I realized that, you know, up until, I don't know how many years ago,
but I traveled all through Europe.
You see that all over Europe very commonly.
But until I started seeing it more often, I felt a little like queasy, even though I'm a corset.
Like that, you know.
Hmm.
What?
Well, yeah, I mean, because it's something you had didn't see.
Don't you understand?
No, I understand.
So it makes you feel like, oh, gee, what's that all about?
People are going to be looking at that.
Because you feel the negativity coming being directed at you because of what they're doing.
It's like my feeling is about the pride parades many of them.
It's embarrassing to me because I don't want to be lumped in with that.
That's not who or what I am.
I know all about that, which I'm not condemning those people.
They can dress it up and have other.
Just having fun, that's all.
And yuck it up, but they're creating a really bad stereotype, just like the media does.
Whether it was Paul and their Charles Nelson Riley, almost every gay person on television
up until just a very few short years ago, was some mincing, flaming, wild queen.
And that's what gay was all about.
Just like the blacks on television.
Same thing in movies.
It's all a step-and-fetcher routine.
Yes, Mr. Benny.
Yes, Mr. Benny.
That kind of crap.
Of course, it's Hispanics.
It's always, you know, Pancho and whatever.
That kind of garbage.
You know what I'm saying?
You know what I'm saying.
What do you know about minorities anyway?
Either one of you.
What do you mean?
Well, what minority are you a part of?
None, really.
Yeah, and Chris?
Well, we are kind of starting to become a minority in the state county.
That's true.
Yeah, Chris is the minority in Kendall's and they've come.
I know a couple people live in the county.
They speak in English.
Multilingual and multi-talented.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Well, listen to that.
I love that.
I guess they got the tapes going there.
Maybe they got their own studio setup.
Who knows what that was all about.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
I'm Steve Rangad, and you can do it.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
I just wanted to share something with you.
I'm my friend, number 344.
Yes.
And just wanted to say, I used to work for the county as a medical
department, or I used to work as a pharmacy in fact.
And to give you some insight on Dr. Perp for there, he's a very
hermit crab-ish man, stays in his office all day, and then he comes
out.
If you had half your head missing, you'd probably not go out very
much either.
True, true.
He has basically, has no life, and he only comes out and does maybe one
or two cases a week.
And then he only comes out and does high profile stuff, too.
Very strange character, very quiet character.
Never heard of fly, though.
No, except for on the table.
Like Tony Perkins in the cycle, right?
Exactly.
He has his whole new American cycle.
You know, has his whole other side, too.
Okay, well, thanks for the insight, Pally, whatever that means.
Now, wait till you hear this.
Somebody just passed this to us.
This is pathetic.
This is tragic.
Oh, no.
Viewers of the 700-club will have the pleasure of the company of
Sports superstar Tim Hardaway.
The superstar was contacted by Pat Robertson on Friday today,
and he showed support for his comments on the evils of homosexuality,
and Hardaway agreed to be against on the 700-club.
So all this business about apologizing and sucking up and trying to
cover up all his business contacts and his deals, evidently that he forgot
about that overnight.
In other news, a recent report says children between 12 and 17 are the most
frequent viewers of internet pornography.
And the average age of first-time exposure to internet porn is just 11 years old.
The state of Virginia is taking new steps to protect your kids from online predators.
And Virginia's Attorney General Bob McNackinnell is leading the charge.
And this is on the CBN, the Christian Broadcasting Network website.
Tim Hardaway will be on the 700-club with Pat Robertson and other, you know, birds of a feather.
Look at him.
We're crazy together.
How do you like that?
What does that tell you?
So all this business about how he was apologetic and about a beep, but a bouffat about...
I mean, where could he find a more open venue to outlet his hostility homophobia than with Pat Robertson?
And with these far-bisoned going, where else could he go?
No, where? Sounds like a winner.
Yeah, it sounds like he's got a whole new niche come.
Maybe he's going to run for office, something like that.
On the homophobicity, the age ticket.
Well, I sure want to be alerted when the hell that comes on.
The 700-club.
I bet he's going to be really good.
And then he can talk about taking showers with all the emphagas and all the emstering at his goods and stuff like that.
First of all, Tim, you're ugliest sin number one, and who now wants to see what you got anyway?
Ugliest sin.
Oh, right.
Might like that too.
See, one of the things about the NBA is most of the guys, but most seven-foot tall people are freaks.
Am I right?
Well, yeah.
Well, you know what I'm saying?
They're freaks of nature.
I mean, the nature doesn't make too many seven-foot tall people.
And so as a result, they tend to look very disproportionate, and their features are very, uh,
and they're generally extraordinarily ugly people.
Well, they're a little goofy.
I'm not talking about their behavior.
I'm just talking about what they look like.
It's not like there's a lot of hot NBA basketball players.
They generally tend to be extraordinarily ugly is what I'm telling you.
So the idea that there's a bunch of sex spots running around and every fag is running to the NBA.
I mean, what does that mean?
It's like if I go to a hockey game.
And there's plenty.
I mean, there's lots of real hot-looking hockey players.
Is that dangerous that I'm sitting there and looking at them?
I'm not going in the shower with them.
Even my old buddy Ray Whitney left me going to shower with him, and boy, I sure would like to, but that's beside the point.
And he wasn't terrified.
I mean, it's a matter of fact, you know, the interesting thing about guys who are comfortable with their sexuality,
they find it amusing.
They don't care.
They're not uptight about it.
It's like guys I joke with online here on this stuff.
And make all kinds of wise cracks and jokes.
They know what it's all about.
They know it's just kiddin' around it, and they're not threatened by it.
If you know what you are and you're all about, you're not threatened.
If you're insecure about you, you're all moooooo, what's it all about?
Then you've got real problems.
Then you're the one who needs serious help.
The biggest name of best talent to the business, Be Your Rodgers, Force Radio 560, is you A-Bam.
They like men and they look like women.
Hey man.
Hey who's this?
It's Jeff.
Hey, I was in your restaurant and it smelled like updog.
What is updog?
I don't know. What's up G? Yo, yo, yo.
Get it?
No.
Okay.
Do you want to speak in which place of catering order?
Hey Richard.
Yes.
I was in your restaurant, my wife and I, and she was commenting as I was, then it smelled like updog.
Like what?
Updog.
What is updog?
No, what's up with you G?
Get it?
Ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
Rebello?
Yeah, hi, a gzuntite.
Ha ha ha.
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog.
What's updog?
Not much, what's up with you G?
It was updog, it was up in dog.
Yeah, not much, yo.
I'm busy, what, what you want?
Your place smelled like updog.
Okay, bye.
Hi.
Get it?
Yeah, hey, how are you?
Hey, I was in your place and it smelled like updog.
What is updog?
I don't know what's up with you G.
Get it?
Ha ha ha.
19-01 Pat Robertson and Tim Hardaway, a marriage made in Perkettor, I love it.
Birds of a Feather, spew hate together.
5-6-7-05-60 and Palm 5-60 and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
30Q-I-M, hello.
Yes.
Oh yeah, I just wanted to, am I here?
Sounds like you, yeah.
Oh jeez, what a retard I am.
I just talked to you to want to make a couple comments about the old Mr. Hardaway.
My kids went to sing school with his daughter and he is by far him and his wife,
two of the most ignorant people he's ever met in your life.
You know, it was Haste Grim or Badly, but that was an alliance to laugh at was the
most important thing.
I believe the surprise came out.
If you read it, it sounds like it was crafted by a Harvard-educated author.
He's an agent wrote it.
You know that.
Oh, they needed to turn that down.
But if you've ever seen him on TV as a firstcaster, they should have been
dumbed up down to about third grade level to make a believer at all.
When he said he hates gay people, it's one of them things.
Yeah, well he's a retard.
I love you.
Thanks, Pally.
Okay.
So the reason he hates to Bright, he hates the brightest bulb in the pack is what the guys
are trying to say is if we, you know, figure that out.
1149 and a poll will make 1200 easy.
In fact, if Joshua had really gotten back into his old form, we could have probably made
13 today if he'd really pushed it heavy duty.
But you know what, we don't care anymore.
Okay.
Since you're not doing it on the show anymore, we just, you know, we don't have to do those
things.
Chris, of course, being heavy duty as he is, especially the heavy part.
He just doesn't have the energy to get on here.
Come on, let's get that, you know, like you used to do.
It doesn't make any difference.
We got, what I say, 1200 and one my space friends.
All right.
And the bad news is that Jerry, the Ebullion guy, did not remove himself from there.
Maybe I'll just remove him myself, Jerry, because you're a jackass.
And he writes this pseudo-intellectual response about, well, if I'm worried about things like
Kawa, get lost, okay.
It's just for fun.
That's all just for a little bit of fun and whatever.
Some of these people were there.
I just, I can't deal with people like that.
Like the ones that call and tell me how to do the show and don't read the news stories and don't do this.
I'm doing okay so far for a daughter and a gold fart.
How do you like that?
I go to the bank twice a month on the 10th and 25th and believe you me, just like I did this morning on the throne,
I make a very ample deposit, okay.
A very healthy deposit.
Trust me when I tell you.
Not missing any meals.
Although I probably should miss some meals, get down to about 170.
Boy, you'll be proud of me.
I'll be dangerous when I get down to 170.
I looked just like Brady Quinn.
Now Josh was telling me before the show today, Brady Quinn is a real stud is what he said.
I didn't say that.
But you did see him wear.
I saw him at the, at, well, I was at radio row all week of the week before the Super Bowl.
Yeah, we're doing all of the shows down there.
And was he, you know, seemed like naked or something or not?
No, he was in, you know, like a...
Do you let the media come in there and like take a shower with him or wash him take a shower?
No.
He hates gays.
I'm just kidding.
No, he did not.
No, Brady Quinn did not say, don't even start something like that.
Was it joke?
Yeah, they, uh, some joke.
And Lito, what's going on?
Yeah, and Lito, what's going on?
The less said the better.
Believe me, Brady Quinn did not say he's a good Catholic boy from Notre Dame.
And he loves everybody.
I'm sure that and I love him.
Mm-mm, mm-mm.
I love him.
I mean in a more personal and very up close way.
In fact, let me go back to our homepage.
I very seldom fly into our homepage anymore because I'm always on our private page.
I got all kinds of private pages.
Just like Mark Foley had private pages.
I never had that kind of.
We got shave everywhere on there.
We had that story right under the pool.
We got a link to that shave everywhere.
And then under interestingly enough, do you think it's just by accident?
Right under that thing where it's a Sodomus and Execution video, a Neal,
Elfing himself, it's got the Brady Quinn picture where he's on the phone, you know?
And the, some other guys there are, now let's see, is the other guy holding the football?
Yeah.
I wonder if the other guy is like almost as naked as Brady is in that picture.
Uh-oh, I wonder what that means.
Maybe they just came out of a shower together.
But anyway, Brady got a call.
He's on the phone.
And he's standing there and there was blue walking shorts.
Or not bought.
Oh, in fact, just like the kids today, he's got the shorts down like not as low as the kids do.
Just like the kids today.
Yeah, that was funny.
That where their shorts are either pants down to their ankles.
You think that when I grew up, we wore our pantaloonies down around our ankles.
Like a bunch of gangsters.
No, that wasn't the style.
No.
So in other words, I'm dating myself because it's saying like the punch today where that's the way they do, man.
I know.
In fact, you walk away, you're into the mall and you see them all walking around like that.
And you think, their pants are going to drop right on the floor in a second.
You think, yeah, I sure hope so.
Well, some of them.
Some of you hope so.
But anyway, there's Brady and talk about shaving everywhere.
I mean, he is, you should have asked him then.
Did you get to speak to him or anything?
They didn't really, anywhere near him.
No, like I said, we were going to try to get, uh, I was going to try to pull off a drop for you if I could.
You know, maybe like a nice 12 to 1 hour.
That would have been lovely.
But, uh, yeah, his aunt arrived was pretty, uh, they had him well protected, man.
They had him guarded.
They had his body protected because I guarantee you, there are a lot of people that want him.
They want to claw at him and pod him and do all kinds of God only knows what kinds of things they have.
I know I should do.
But anyway, he is done the, uh, what were you guys trying to tell me about the, uh, Waxi, whatever he's done.
Even the numeral code deal, he has shaved every, uh, here, of course, as far down as we can see.
Because you do see his box of shorts and then you see the regular walking shorts he's got on.
Are those walking shorts? Is that part like a, yeah, those are just walking shorts.
Not part of it like a athletic thing, like an athletic supporter.
Do you think he's wearing a jock strap underneath those boxes?
I have no idea.
Well, I mean, should be interesting to find out.
I'm sure the audience would be very interested.
Brady Quinn could be the next off in quarterback.
I mean, I know he's no, uh, what's your call that we had before?
That you had before? Excuse me? That was a four-year in slip.
Well, you name any of them.
Yeah.
Everybody since Dan Marino, you mean?
That's, uh, now you're talking. I was just going to say that.
He's not even though David Woodley.
I can't believe David Woodley is dead.
That just, it just bothers me tremendously.
How old was he when he died? He was a young guy.
Yeah.
Then he got like some kind of, uh, jaundice or something and a skin turned yellow and, uh, he died.
Very young guy, David Woodley. He was a good looking guy.
Not a great quarterback.
Now, when didn't he play in one super bowl?
David Woodley or Mike?
Which one was that?
84.
Uh, 83 maybe?
No, 84.
You're right.
You're right.
See, I know.
Just like that guy said before, how can you be a queer and you go on a year and you know all the same words.
How do you do that?
I don't know.
You know, it's the same magic wand that he used to pull up those, uh, Godfather clips.
I think that all.
See, that's not worse like that.
So anyway, I got back on here.
I haven't looked at these pictures in a long time.
Brady Quinn. There's the one below, which quite frankly is a little bit.
He looks too ripped in that, that other one, man.
That's it. That's just too much for me.
Too much to handle, so let's be.
But in the upper one where he's on the phone looking very innocent.
And I don't know why you say he's a grugly guy.
I mean, I don't know.
Oh, stop.
No, don't start.
I would have thought that he's, uh, he's like, I don't know what I'm saying.
Honestly, no, you know, you've made a little bit of a comment.
Honestly, I think he's, yes.
I think he's on the loyalties.
The guy's a monster.
I mean, I'm not talking about how big he is.
He's six four.
He's obviously very well developed.
He's worked out a lot.
He's been working it out.
I'm sure he can be.
And who is he working it out with?
Anybody he wants, believe me.
But I'm not talking about that.
You saw him close and personal.
Was he a good looking guy?
Or is he like a retard looking?
Uh, honest answer now.
Come on.
I don't know what to tell you.
I, I, we've had this conversation.
So in other words, even after all this passage of time,
two years on the show and then a little bit of reprieve to clear your mind,
and you still don't have the ability to pass judgment on whether or not
he's got some guy, a very famous guy, a famous,
um, hot built great athletic guy.
I can tell you he's a very built like he's a big guy.
He's a, he's built.
I don't know if he's a, he's a, he's a, he's a big guy.
So what does that mean?
Is he a hot looking guy?
Timmy Hardaway is a big guy.
Tim Hardaway.
Like, like, he's like my size.
It's a basketball player.
Yeah, but Hardaway is probably five.
Tim Hardaway is like five, ten, dude.
I'm five.
Like I said, is a big guy.
Yeah, that's, that's a so.
Okay.
See, I don't know from Tim Hardaway's what he looks like in order to
I can't have a good guy.
But that sports knowledge, go.
Sports and the NBA are incompatible.
One has nothing to do with the other.
Okay, give me the ball, give me the ball.
I've got a bunch of seven foot guys.
Now he would be an exception because like you said, if he's only five, ten,
how many other shrimps are in the league like that?
Most guys are like six, ten, six, eleven, seven, one.
Right?
Yeah.
And so the guy, the basket is ten feet from the floor.
So the guy, the idea of a seven foot tall guy,
being able to jump enough to slam a jam at a ball in the basket,
to me is not great athletic talent.
It's not a big deal, you know.
How do you know that, you're gay?
And that's right, I forgot about that.
Like I said, I haven't got any idea what it's all about.
I'm the biggest name ever.
The best talent in the NFL Rogers.
Forth radio five sixty.
You A, damn.
We got the rail.
And when I'm up in Boca Tiga, slapping all the women with painted lips
around the pole, I listen to the Neil Rogers one or two.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced one or two hours.
They're hot, they're sexy, they're musk and they're on national tour.
They're the Chippendales and they're gay.
I got a pimple on my ass.
Oh, pal, could you come over here and greet me up?
Oh, I hate the women.
Oh, it's a chickie feeling.
They're the Chippendales and they're gay.
It's a one or no, what is it?
1259.
Or it's almost one o'clock.
It's close enough.
I must have taken the break a little bit earlier.
A little premature evaluation.
Was that one of the ones that had the live spot by somebody who's on the air at five o'clock in the morning on the lock?
No, I guess you went a little bit.
What's the story with this Chris guy that does theologue?
That's the new traffic guy?
What's his story?
Is he like, like that a little bit?
Now, isn't he the guy that you were thought you had his office, Josh?
No, no, no.
You're talking about the copyrighter, Chris.
Right.
He's gone.
He didn't work here anymore.
Yeah, this other one is Christian.
Christian is the...
Oh, Christian is a good Christian.
I sure hope so.
There's nothing worse than a bad Christian.
We'll get him on the 700 clip.
Yeah, with Pat Robertson and Tim Hardaway, who's not very tall, I thought Tim Hardaway being an NBA player would be a big guy.
And I never really paid any attention.
I've seen his push in the articles.
Now, he's a little...
Oh, oh.
Yeah, you little seam.
Oh, maybe that's why he's just jealous.
Now I'm beginning to understand it because you can only imagine those 6'11 and 7'5' guys in the showers naked.
And this guy, I guess I'll guarantee he don't measure up.
Oh, ho, ho.
Now, now I'm starting to put the pieces of this all together.
It sounds like jealousy to me.
Oh, breaking news on CNN.
And I'm Don Lennon.
The Anna Nicole Smith-Thromed, this afternoon, is from the release of The Will.
What's in it and who is the executor?
What's more important, Neil's Will and the Nicole Smith.
The former lawyer, Tim Hardaway's hate message to Gays.
Yes?
Your will.
Your will going to be on CNN breaking news?
Oh, yes.
I'll live in that glass house.
I'll cheat at 10 million times and I'll admit it straight up, dude.
I've done it 10 million times.
Live to pay for it.
I'd love to walk away from it.
So we've all been there.
So much for cheaters never win.
What if fans think about the NASCAR scandal?
I couldn't care less about the NASCAR scandal or Anna Nicole or whatever the other.
But the Hardaway thing I care a little bit about.
Not a whole lot, but it makes for good radio.
Which do you bathe with?
That's our pool.
We got 11.75.
We'll easily make the others.
Anna Nicole, when she was alive, looking pretty skanky there.
Oh, you're in dollars.
Look at me.
You got like good.
Who's named in the Anna Nicole Smith-Thromed?
We can't wait.
We can speculate.
Yes.
We'll find out today.
Oh, now there's another reason to keep living.
Okay.
Is that sometime today we'll find out who's named in the Anna Nicole as a will.
And sometimes, oh, there's my friend Susan Candy-Odi.
She is so sweet.
She's such a nice person.
I keep saying that because a lot of you people think I don't like anybody, which isn't true.
But I like Susan a lot.
You're in probate as they say.
There she is.
She's a great, great lady.
Which do you bathe with?
11.75 will do 1200 easy because Josh is working with us today because George is out with a sick family nursing everybody.
Now, speaking of taking the day off, let me ask you this.
I originally was going to take off today.
And then of course, I changed my plans because I'm not going anywhere this weekend.
But Monday is a holiday, kind of make-believe holiday.
Now, is that a real holiday to people?
It's present and stay, right?
Yes.
Yeah.
This Monday, February 19th.
So a lot of people have a three-day weekend.
And some people are going away for the long weekend, which more power to them.
I have a great time, et cetera, and so on.
And I don't know what I mean.
We're working.
Correct.
The people in the building had an option.
They could have either not showed up the last holiday, whatever it was it was on a Monday.
And Martin Luther King did that.
That's it.
But I didn't come to work that day.
So I'll be here Monday.
And I'll be here Monday in this chair, pooping my pants, and Chris will be there in his chair on Monday.
And I bet you George will be back on Monday.
We hope.
Yeah, well, Chris doesn't get holidays.
And I noticed that Kenny and Bo are going to be on Monday more.
And they're going to be busy on the 700 Club with the Pim Hireway.
I'm sure.
And Gildey is going to be, oh, brother, like I said, I'm thinking about that.
They being a holiday, you know?
Oh, see, I don't know technically what the deal is because I, you know me, I don't like sick days and I don't like that whole deal.
In fact, this week, this whole week, I couldn't take him on the two sick days when I was choking and gagging and puking,
and not to pat myself on the back, but I'll do it anyway.
Right in this spot here where it feels pretty good.
I just don't like doing that.
I like showing up.
You know what the Bruce Beasley says, I believe it in an honest day's work for an honest day's pay.
And I'd have to put in an awful lot of days work for the kind of money they're paying me.
So I'll show up.
Which you bathed with.
I'm a male.
I use soap 584.
It is down under 50% 49.7.
As the anticolysmith hearing drags into the third day and she's starting to smell really skanky now, worse than usual.
Nasty.
Woo!
Can you imagine?
No.
Like I told George that scene in silence at Lams where they got the dead body and he's putting the, uh,
the, whatever that stuff is.
He said it was a vix, which is very amusing, but they have stuff that they put in their nose to cover up the smell.
So it doesn't like burn their lining of your nose because, because of the nasty rank.
Oh, decomposing body, the carcass.
Anyway, soap 584.
49.7%.
Body wash guys, 402.
34.2%.
So you guys are very slow, okay?
It's obviously a cultural thing, a phobia kind of thing.
Believe me, get you a sponge or a lufa or a washcloth and a bottle of real manly body wash.
You'll never go back to soap again.
Real manly.
Like one of those, uh, maybe even old spice.
People that use old spice, man.
Something wrong with it.
I sold them made 74.
Female uses body wash 50.
I hate this poll 35 only 2.9%.
Unlike yesterday when they hated it, they hated that poll.
And Josh is not too happy that we're doing this again, by the way, because he's been there and done this before.
And female uses soap as God.
But third man.
So the females 50 to 30 for the body wash, but the guys, almost 50% to 34% still with a soap.
So it's a sure that guys are very insecure.
Oh, you're in the shower staring at, and so what about it?
Big deal.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound fight.
In fact, let me, let me put you this way.
If I ever thought, which I never have, because I never looked all that good, but if I ever thought that I look good enough for people to stare at me because I was a sex object, I'd be pretty pleased about that, wouldn't you?
Mm-hmm.
By anybody.
I mean, I wouldn't care who it was.
I wouldn't care if it was like animals.
I mean, staring at me like, oh, look at that.
Mm-hmm.
You know, if Mark Foley was looking at me going,
like that, I'd think, well, that's pretty, you're pretty desperate, Mark.
But nevertheless, you see what I'm saying?
There's nothing wrong with lusting after somebody.
What the hell difference is it make?
Why are you so uptight to me?
What is it that you're not telling us about?
Okay, wouldn't be surprised if him and Pat Robertson do it right on the air.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Talk about the Royal Canadian Mounties, man.
God only knows what's going to be happening.
Talk about do-gy-houser.
Doing a do-gy-style.
One can only begin to imagine what's going to happen on the 700 Club.
WDQYM, hello.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, sir.
Happy Friday, do you?
Back to you.
Listen, I don't know if this is too crude or gross to talk about, but...
Probably.
But it's been a bit of a new round of shows, so what are you going to do?
I always heard about the smell of a dead body, and I never was exposed to it until I moved into this apartment.
The guy before me had hung himself.
Oh, nice.
Have you ever had...
Have you ever had...
Exactly.
And have you ever owned a house and fertilized the grass with that granulated like 666 fertilizer?
Oh, sure, yeah.
The anti-Christ fertilizer, right.
And then watered it?
You'd longer than a devil weed.
Yeah, it's like in the strangest, and that's why people say, you know, it's a smell that they never forget.
Anyway, that's what...
But me, uh...
Most people like Mr. Cole is...
Yeah, she ain't smelling too good right now.
You're into that.
All right, happy Friday.
And back to you, pal.
Okay.
Well, the guy before he had moved in there was hung.
1180 on a pool.
1180 keeps coming up.
WHM or Rochester.
Let me tell you the story again about Bob Turner in those hockey tickets.
Oh, not.
See, that's another part of the problem growing old.
It's like, like, when I go to my mother for lunch, every week, every Tuesday,
and she would start out by telling me the same thing she had told me the week before.
I mean, you know, not that she was seen out or anything like that,
or if she was, it was like for the last 30 years of her life,
because it was always the same.
That never changed.
That was a constant.
It was a given.
And I'd say, you already told me that last week, and oh, did I imagine...
Then she'd go on and keep going and tell me the same thing all over again.
And that's, I think, what I'm doing.
Although, with us, I think we have, like, maybe a little bit of a shifting audience
with a tremendous promotion we get here on 2 a.m.
We have all these new people coming aboard that haven't heard all my nifty stories about, you know,
pooping into my pants and stuff like that.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
You heard them all.
I mean, I heard of...
Yeah, you heard them all.
Well, I'll just make up some new ones.
How's that?
Okay, deal.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes?
Is this new rudder?
Yes, sir.
I spoke with you last time about 10 years ago.
Wow.
And I also came to your home.
There's that weather guy.
There's that Akigai.
You came to my home?
Yes, I did.
For what?
We talked on your food.
Well, my buddy was installing your food heater, and if you remember.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I remember you, but I remember this weather guy here, the Akigai, and CNN, holy.
How he is cute.
Go ahead.
Okay, yes.
By the way, Pozitano and Sorrento in Italy are wonderful places.
You should just...
Was it Tano and Sorrento?
Yeah, and the Amaticals.
Just Google it and you'll see you could rent up the live.
I've been there many times.
Yeah.
Just incredible.
I'm on my way right now as a matter of fact.
Sounds good to me.
In fact, if I can take off Monday for this big holiday, maybe I'll do it.
But Prague and the other places, like those Bohemian places, I don't like them.
They're all the same.
The architecture is all the same.
I really don't like them.
Really?
Yeah.
I had a friend that went to Prague last summer here.
Yeah, I think it was summer time.
He said it was beautiful.
He said it was like an outdoor museum.
All the beautiful buildings and all the historic stuff.
He thought it was pretty nifty.
Yeah, but no.
I think it was a beautiful place.
I look so all the same.
Yeah, well, you know what that reminds me of?
It's like the people that go in these museums and...
I'll tell you a better example is in Vegas.
Uh-huh.
You know, see all these new and I've been in most of them.
You know, the Venetian and Paris and all the other one.
And the Bellagio.
But on the outside, of course, they're all very different.
But when you go inside, most of them, no matter how beautiful they are on the outside
and how unique they may be outside, when you go inside, they all look the same.
They all look the same.
They all look the same.
Yeah.
Well, listen, you know, just to talk about these people, these homophobes over here.
When you go to a fat or a friend's like I did, you go to Italy.
You know, you go to the beach.
All the girls are topless.
Nobody attacks them like the guy said, well, where you look?
Right.
I mean, people are civilized.
I mean, I used to watch commercials with my mom in Italy.
I brought a commercial and you see that the girl's boobies, you know?
Oh, yeah, sure.
It's a big deal.
Not anew to the MTV and New York all over the place.
Here, it's like people freak out on stupidity.
Yeah, because Americans are so sexually repressed,
they like to pretend that they're really hip and cool and with it.
Yeah.
But sexually, they're like in a stone age.
Ignorance, Neil.
Ignorance.
Yes, sir.
Nice talking to you, buddy.
Back to you.
Thank you.
Yes, so then, though, in fact, my close personal friend was instrumental and told me in his
travel, I'll get some information about that.
So I'm like one of many places I need to be.
In fact, you know, something I wish I was back in Berlin right now.
Now that I'm over this cold, I wish I was, you know, feeling really spry and was like, you know,
it was like the middle of May would be nice.
And I was back in Berlin right now having me a wild gay time.
And then there's a place for you.
In fact, before I Hitler back in the 1920s, Berlin was the gay capital of Europe.
I'm sorry, German.
And Joyce, for me, was that...
Are you pardon?
He said, that's a place for you.
For me.
Oh, okay, there you go.
Oh, you'd like it there, too.
You would love it there.
Well, what's not to like?
You'd absolutely the food is great and the people are beautiful and they're very broad-minded,
and open-minded, and there's lots to see and lots of stuff.
I mean, it all depends, and obviously you would take your Russian girlfriend if you went when George sends you on your trip.
Yeah.
See, it's really sad, you know, it's unfortunate that, you know, there are a few of us that have all the money and then you...
Yeah, I can afford to travel like, you know, in the US.
I understand.
But you can afford to travel maybe to the Palm Beach County Line on a good day.
That's it.
Well, I'm sorry about that.
Even though I do love you, I'm not sending you on any trips, okay.
No, not one.
No.
Maybe to Tampa.
Maybe to Bernstakehouse in Tampa.
I've been here.
I've been here.
Huh? I've been there.
Yeah, it's good.
I told you the story about Bernlachsier, the owner who's since died, and the reason he died is because he, you know, he...
When I was on the year, all those years, raving about it because I was doing you and baseball, we'd go over to Tampa
and always go to Bernstakehouse at least once during the road trip, usually twice.
And you got them tons of business, man.
I would come back on year and rave about it, you know, and all...
Every time anybody from South Florida went up there, who was a listener of mine, and was in Tampa, they go to Bernstakehouse,
and they would say, oh, and Neil Rogers told me about your place.
And Bernlachsier, the owner, was very nice to me, and one time I was there with a friend, and he said, oh, my goodness, I just want to give you the tour of the place,
and by the beep, but by the beep, he took me down the kitchen, and he said to me, he said, you have brought me so much business, you can't even believe...
Everybody from South Florida that comes in here is a listener of your show.
He said, but I'm not one of those people who believes in trying to repay kindness with...
In other words, he wasn't going to pick up the tab.
Not that I cared, but it was just such a cheap ass thing to do, you know what I'm saying?
Oh, I agree. I'm not... I'm not one of those people who tries to repay kindness by picking up your tab, which I just thought was...
I mean, why even bring it up, you know?
Yeah. Why bring that up? Bernlachsier, well, he's dead now anyway, because God punished him for not picking up my tab.
Shame on you. 1196 on our pool, and the body wash, 49.6% now for soap, it's coming down.
In fact, the guys right now, as they're listening, they're reaching out for the body wash.
Maybe something really... macho. What's like besides Adidas? What's some other ones?
Acts. Acts. As in Tim Hardaway would say, let me ask you what you're using.
The biggest name, sub-best name. And we're putting this in the Rocks 4-Tradio 560.
But what I hate when the dude went on QAL, who took that bag and back on again?
I want what they had before, he's not my kind of guy.
What the hell are they doing anyway? If a man we sounded guy was really gay, I want more at Gris 4.
Ghost voice is real high. When a listen to this word, a manly voice won't get my attention.
I will really get me sent to the George. A squeaky high voice will get me an erection.
I hate what the dude went on QAL. I'm going to miss here and straighten in with voice of this high.
Super. Now I'll have to get deeper in that closet again. So I can impress all the macho friends.
Check out Chris 4 and I to help him pay the sign.
Yeah, there ain't nothing like having macho sports guys as voices as in crack since they were 12 years old.
Yeah, I can't feel like that. Yeah, stand up real close to the radio and press the sound.
Get their voices on up there and really make my balls take over.
And that crow, man, he's an artist in my infrared brother.
Yep.
Trevo 2 on a full-we got our 1200. We can just relax now, take a deep breath.
That was the second thing I played in QAL. On our first day on the year.
That was the second that I played. Do you want to know what the first one was?
What?
Yeah, I can't feel like that.
Yeah, I can't feel like that.
Yeah, I can't feel like that.
Yeah, I can't feel like that.
Yeah, I can't feel like that.
Yeah, we don't need anything more because they really sting.
Good by I-Oh-D. Let go of Gregio.
Skip the group, the rest of that retarded team.
That remainsMargaret Post.
Your Sh Non-Nan, your beloved member, your character has a scheme.
Huh?
But it's clear to see that despite all their corporate indignation they can't hide the fact
Without feel they got a crappy deal
Absolutely
And you would rate it one time but now you sound more like a signal drifting in the wind
And you'll never see no first you can't sell again
Oh no!
Get clear channel knows what they're doing for a so-they thing
But no one's listening anymore because they really stay
All the right wings is not chicken wings but all the right wings you can eat
I wonder if they're gay people or buying chicken wings from Timmy Hardaway
Hey Timmy I hear he's just a ceo is what I'm hearing
So you don't even have to say it yourself we got it in the
It's beautiful thing it's something that Josh left us with
Let me just say this to you since we're into this whole homophobia thing and people are so scared
They're looking at each other and guys are holding hands in the Disney World
I mean it's just to me it's so childish
I'd be embarrassed to actually call in and have somebody hear my voice
Recognize my voice and say such swill on the air
Because people would think I'm such an insecure putt such a moron
Such a bad parent by the way such a schmuck
For example
I haven't been down here in what many months I don't know when the last time I did a show from there
Which it isn't going to happen again but how long would you say that was?
Oh it's a show you did oh god probably at least I'd say a year and a half
Really? Probably?
Wow so in other words I haven't seen you in a year and a half okay
Right
All right now as you know when it because there were long interludes and then every now and then I'd come back into a show
And like Georgian I would see each other for the first time in a month and Georgian I worked together for 16 years
And we give each other a hug in the idea and like that you know
So if I came down there tomorrow
Assuming we were on here tomorrow
And I saw you and I you know and we greeted each other when I gave you a hug
Right
Would you would you that make you uptight?
No
Is that like gay a sexual thing or what?
No, god no
So the fact that there were like guys at Disney walking around with a guy with his armor on another guy
What does that mean?
What why is that frightening to people?
It's frightening to me that there are people who think that way
That's terrifying to me
Talk about terrorism that is terrifying to me
That in 2007 in America in a supposedly enlightened country
But then again look at your president you know
Like that good point
Yeah
Maybe he was afraid he might enjoy seeing the guys doing that
Yeah maybe he might maybe daddy might get aroused and the kids would say hey jee daddy
Are you just happy to see us or is that you know like that old deal?
Very sad
WDQ-AM hello
Nail-AM
Yes sir
What's up man?
How you doing palying?
How are you not too bad
Went to Disney World a couple years back it was a harm process to them
It was best time I've been to Disney World
Very few people, no kids running around
Great
There were guys on the hands and stuff but it wasn't bad
For them
Forget it thanks
Yeah probably it's probably slim pickings when they announce ahead of time
And they do of course if you check the calendar
If you're that uptight about stuff check the calendar go online and check Disney
And they'll tell you when they're having whatever it is you know
109 votes on the poll on the body wash deal
49.2%
While we might actually get under how 49% that would be quite a feather in your ass wouldn't it?
Okay
X-Aid says rice I got a whole bunch of good stuff here and I'm not getting to it because I'd rather you know I like the rambling kind of deal here you know
Especially with you there today George likes me reading the stories but you get very uptight because Miguel told you to
No the thing with Josh is he doesn't care he'll go with the flow as long as the time flies by fast he gets the free food
That's all he cares about
I already got the free food
No that's good
And then of course as some of you will recall sometimes a little bit too much free food
And as a result there be these long interludes where George would say oh he's not in there now he's in him
I was really excited today
Yeah I timed it pretty good today
Really? Yeah
Well maybe I told you there's a four minute break
You gotta admit nobody in the world knows how to do that better than me
I'll give it to you I don't know how you do it man
There have been times when nature was calling and during a commercial break I was back with still like a minute to spare
And everybody would say how do you do that it must you know was no fossil our man
I guess a lot of experience
Controversy over a possible Miss U.S. opportunity for a raw pro shaman with Iran
I love that raw pro shaman all those French words stupid
I'll agree with this week is a former eight accused secretary of state condom Lisa of misleading Congress on the issue
Flint Lebritt who worked on the I think I had this story yesterday but this is like a little more on it
Who worked on the National Security Council when it was headed by condom Lisa
Said he from Postal Vetted by Terrans most senior leaders was sent to the US in May 2003
And was akin to the 72 U.S. opening to China
Speaking at a conference on Capitol Hill Lebritt said he was confident it was seen by rice and then Secretary of State Colin Powell but the administration rejected the overture
Rice spokesman denied she misled Congress reiterated that she didn't see the proposal
Liar liar your pantaloons are on fire and by the way get the gap in your teeth fixed you nasty nasty hostile bitch
She is really she's vile
Oh look at that end of the calls will is 18 to 19 pages long
Of course as you know he died of an overdose in September just a few days after his infant sister
His sister was born and this does tell you in a little bit of detail that all of these
Should be held in a trust by Howard K. Stern or any of her minor or minors until the age of 21 and then a third of it was supposed to go to them a
Third of it more at age 25 and at age 30 some of the monies would be split up in additional way like that the the sun died and if he would have just stuck around nothing doing all
Them drugs and let her you just know it would have been love in life he would have been love like he didn't hear the millions see so wasn't bad enough that he died
He was like 20 years old or something like that whatever the hell he was I think was 20
All I can she could have had him one wild old time maybe a old time not necessarily in the most literal way I can't wait for the 700 club with Pat Robertson
With the real big its please both stand on the biggest name the best talent to the business wheel Rogers for radio 560
You
Am
Friday you
Bastard
Yellow Mike
Green
Pinky
Yellow
Yellow
Yellow
Yellow
Yellow
Yellow
Yellow
Yellow
So what the hell's a minery dnde
Got you
Cry
You sound like
Your cry
Oh
Have been kidnapped by aliens been kidnapped again by aliens
You've been kidnapped by aliens where they done tuck you
How
Oh
Albuquerque.
Albuquerque.
Is that an America?
Where is it?
In New Mexico.
Where?
New Mexico.
Albuquerque is.
Yeah.
I was in Georgia.
No, no, no, no, Mexico.
Okay.
I don't believe you, honey.
You don't have to lie to me.
I want to get married.
I really do what you said.
I was kicked out by Elliot.
I don't want to believe you, honey.
Thank God, short hair.
Thank you, short hair.
Who does?
I feel like I've short hair.
Oh, you say short hair.
You mean like Ryan C. Cress short?
A little longer than that.
A little longer like Fabio.
There's a big, a Georgia hair.
All right, honey.
Don't yell at me.
I believe you.
Where are you?
Can I pick you up?
I'm about a seven, eleven.
Seven, eleven?
Yes.
Can you give me a slurpee?
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Slurpee.
What?
Like a blueberry wolf.
What?
I've just been kidnapped.
I think it's your slurpee.
All right, I'll get it myself.
You really been kidnapped, honey?
My Elliot is in a blue van.
Elliot's drive a blue van?
Yes.
Like a Chevy van?
No.
Is it a Ford?
No.
What kind of van is it?
It's a kind of van.
Does it do anything to you?
Does it probe you?
No.
Okay.
No.
Proud you?
No.
Like love to you?
No, you idiot!
I'm not coming.
I want to stand at the seven, eleven.
You don't want to marry me to you?
No.
What?
No, I don't.
But I forgive you.
I don't care.
You can come home.
I'm done.
Come home.
I'm done with this sheet.
Bye-bye.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
I love you.
26th till two o'clock.
I played that because Chris, before the show this morning, said he just hasn't heard that in a very long time.
He loves it.
Or have I?
I really, really.
But you can never play that too much.
And also, Angelina Jolie and the basement.
Now I have to play that too.
That's classic.
It is a classic.
It can be a good way to end the weekend.
Like right now, it would be good.
26th till two.
This business of some people getting off on Monday, I'm not too pleased about that.
Although, see, I'm not big on holidays where there's no commerce involved.
You know, although they do have presidents day sales all over, don't they?
Yes, I guess so.
Oh, sure.
You see those in the papers, big ads.
Presidents day sale, you know, Cardi Lurison, furniture joints, stuff like that.
But for us, you know, every day is just another day in Paradise.
Sign in, speak of that.
And for the life of me, I have no idea.
I totally, I lived on a hundred and twenty first, and plantation when they were building the
sawgrass years ago.
Right.
And from my backyard, I could see the progress.
You know, I basically watched them build the sawgrass.
There was nothing there at that time.
In fact, while by me and Wes Broward, they're in the acres.
When I first moved out there, which would be like, oh, I don't know, like 60, about 20 years ago.
There was nothing there.
There was that Raquel Milgo, which I still to this day, don't have any idea what that place is.
What that business is, do you know what it is?
No.
Some kind of office building.
That was there, and not much else.
And there was no, there was a best buy wasn't there, all the strip shopping centers where people get killed when they try to
pull out, because there's no traffic lights.
When do you people in Broward implantation that are finding it smart and put that extra traffic light in there?
You idiots between one and 18th, and they're worth the next one is.
You nut jobs.
Now, you know what I'm talking about, where best buy is?
Yeah, it's a nightmare.
Anybody that tries to pull out the sunrise bullard from there and make a left turn is taking their life in their hands.
There needs to be a light there of inscuing that I found out there were people killed there.
Maybe that's what they want to do is reduce the population, give a little crowded out there out west.
Simon Property Group, the nation's largest mall operator, Citadaday, will partner with Faralon Capital Management to buy the Mills Corporation for $1.64 billion.
And you're wondering, who the hell is the Mills Corporation?
Who that?
They own the sawgrass Mills.
That's where they came from.
See, got it? Mills?
Not the Mills Brothers, not Haley Mills.
Now, is there like with the other sawgrass Mills mall somewhere?
I don't know that.
Well, if you let me do the rest of the story, we'll find out.
We'll probe this thing.
We'll probe it just like they were doing to the runway bride.
They were probing her.
And they couldn't find any intelligence.
The acquisition of Mills will be completed through a cash tender offer of 25 and a quarter per share for off,
then he shares a Mills common stock.
Simon and Mills each has a strong presence in South Florida.
Simon owns the town center mall in Boka, point in beach mall, palm beach mall in West Palm Beach,
Cors square in Cors springs in day land, and my international malls.
How do you like that?
My international mall.
Incredeble.
Mills of Chevy Chase, Maryland, own sawgrass Mills, the Broward Mall, Westland Mall in Haley, and the falls in Miami.
Mills is agreed to terminate.
When I was living in Kendall, I always liked the falls.
I thought that was a pretty neat shopping center.
Am I right or am I wrong?
I mean, that's 100 years ago, but I don't know if I've ever been there.
Chris?
Yes.
Oh, you like the falls?
Yeah, no, I mean, actually, I've gotten used to it since the hurricane, but I almost kind of liked it better pre-Hurricane Andrew.
Well, that's a long time ago.
Well, do you remember what it looked like back then?
I don't remember what anything looked like.
I barely remember day land, okay?
It had.
There was a little bit less shops, but it had like, you know, more of like the water area.
Right.
I think patients swimming around and everything.
Now it's just all shops and have like this little mini, like, you know, two foot wide stream going through.
I mean, it's not bad, but.
Well, when I was there, I liked the falls 100 years ago.
That's like saying when I was in Boston, I liked Prince spaghetti house, you know.
They won't even out of business for 100 years.
Mills is agreed to terminate an agreement to be sold at Brookfield asset management, Brookfield, Bimla, whatever they've been.
So that's the sawgrasses being, and the reason I read that story is not because I really care about who owns it
and probably most of you couldn't care less either.
But what's the big cynicism with it?
I've mentioned this a million times, and I still scratch my head and wonder why.
I think it's just a commentary on how boring the city of Florida generally is.
It's the number two tourist attraction in the state behind Disney.
I wonder if they have gay days at the sawgrass?
That would be good.
Guys holding the hands.
Because you know all the Latin American people at the sawgrass, no speaking English, I'll give you a key.
All the Latin, all the people there don't speak English.
That's what I just said.
Not just Latin America, it's like a tourist attraction for the sawgrass.
Yeah, the sawgrass. It's like an international place where nobody speaks English.
But I don't know what the attraction is there.
I mean there's all those outlet stores and what is the, I don't know, what is the dealer?
What's the big cynist?
I don't know.
By the way, I think that place would give a woodbuyer a run for their money for really smelly people.
Really?
Oh yeah.
I see.
I mean I think what we're trying to say is, all you furrners, man, you better like butcher up a little bit and start using some aftershave some cologne
and a little douche or something.
Body wash.
A little body wash would be good in the morning, okay?
I guarantee, I will guarantee you, I'll bet you're like, I said it before, I'll say it again that people use body wash.
There's certainly much cleaner and much more antiseptic and smell.
And remember when I first was trying to talk you into using it and you were, they were going to smell like flowers or you know,
select some kind of a pansy, remember that?
I don't think that was the issue.
That was an issue.
You were saying such ludicrous things and I kept trying to tell you, you don't walk around with the smell of the body wash.
Hopefully if you have any brains in your head after you're smeared or mind already of your body, you wash it off in the shower.
That's the idea with it.
And you people are just still using the soap.
It's like taking a bath, okay?
I understand if you don't have a shower in your house, you have only a bathtub.
That's unfortunate, you know?
I mean how many people don't have a shower anymore, right?
Everybody has that.
There's actually people who have only baths and I see a lot of them.
Well, I have possibly, I don't know, I have no idea, but I mean if that's the case, like you can't knock them too much, they've got no choice.
But anybody that would take a bath and sit in their own filth.
Like I said, it went out with black and white television for Christ's sake.
It went out with Nickers.
It went out with the Slicky, although I think Slicky made a comeback, didn't it?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Slicky's always popular.
Not Slicky's are fun.
All of my problems always would bend the metal on them.
I would always break them, you know?
I was just a devil of a child.
Let me tell you about my childhood someday.
Okay.
Someday when you really want to get depressed.
The biggest name.
So, that's the best thing I've ever seen as well.
I'm just a little bit more shrewd, you'll fight sickly.
Okay, Daddy.
Damn.
Oh, God.
Absolutely.
It's 30 a day plus gas.
Well, I ran in Lincoln.
Cash or credit, I drove up in the hill.
He won't need shirts.
And to recall how it happened, well, it's good luck.
It still gives me change.
What a weirdo.
Followed my map of the star, how says,
And was shot to sea.
Sitting on her front porch was Angelina Jolie.
Yeah, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
Well, I walked up like I knew her.
Hey, do I know you?
And I saw her hesitate.
Can't even put the chloro-born started working then for her.
It was too late for her in my car.
And rolled the windows down.
Now she washed my queen and my baby crown.
I've got the stupid crown on me.
And I've got Angelina Jolie in my face, man.
I've been the face, man.
And I think I'll keep her there with me.
Hello.
And charge her red.
I love him, red.
Well, I hope she don't mind.
I hope that she'll find that she likes the cement.
I think I'm right, man.
How wonderful life is with Angelina Jolie in my face, man.
Wait for me, I will be here.
Well, I'm scared to frame it.
Pull her in my neck, pull her in my neck.
But I bet you'd give your lesson.
I'll thank you.
To have Angelina Jolie locked down in your basement.
Come here, press her.
I'll hurt my dog.
I'm doing this now.
Don't hurt pressure.
I'll hurt your dog, Mr.
It pushed the dog in the basket.
147, a Q and a.
We got mad dog coming up at two o'clock.
The power hour between four and five
with the Humper and the Mad Dog together.
Now let me ask you on South Beach.
Yeah.
Okay.
I would imagine a punk like you
with that hot girlfriend.
You probably frequent some of those hot spots in South Beach now.
And even though you were an anti-b County guy, no.
Not because it's not okay down there.
It's just like really expensive, you know?
Yeah.
Like I said, a schlepper like you can't afford to go to South Beach.
But I would imagine with all the people down there,
especially the ones with the 80 pounds of jewelry around their neck,
that it wouldn't be that uncommon to see two guys walking on this,
like, you know, A1A on Colin, excuse me,
Colin's having a hand in hand.
Are you kidding? They're all over the place.
Well, that's what I'm saying.
So what's the big sentence about that?
A lot of freaky Carlos looking people out there.
That's another good reason not to go to South Beach.
Yes, it is.
Judges ordered Stern to appear at Tuesday's hearings about
anti-close body.
Any interest?
No.
Maybe even the Stern from the radio.
Howard, let's get serious, we'll be there.
Boy, does she look like a cow in that picture or what?
Man, that's it. She was like, she was all over the place.
She ultimately looked good, marginal, and just grotesque,
and in a cool.
By guarantee she ain't looking too good right now.
The judge says he owns the body, by the way.
But they are going to finally, they're going to like,
formalde, what do they call it?
Embamant.
And then they're going to auction it off on eBay.
Somebody QAM, hello?
Yeah, and you know, I know it's in part of a problem, is.
Yeah.
In a locker room, nobody ever asked them.
My God, is that so real?
Yeah, I just got to say that in a different way, but that's pretty weak.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
That just gets you to say.
I thought it was funny, I think.
Yeah, I guess it's because I didn't want to show.
Yeah, it was okay.
I mean, compared to most of them, it wasn't as good as the terrorists,
and the guys that have born terrorists, and also the gay terrorists,
the ones that would really be very concerned about.
Because they just might blow off something more than a bomb, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
W-I don't want to tell you.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello?
Hey, yes.
Yes, sir.
Who wants to get a message to Josie for me?
A message to Josie?
Yeah, I'm going to the race Sunday, and I want to get a message to it.
Yeah, good.
We'll calm up at home, okay?
We're not operating a message service, okay?
It's one of the race on Sunday, and what's the message to Josie Ganky?
Uh-huh.
Likely Story, Schmuck.
56670560.560 on the Verizon Singular and Wireless Line.
W-D-Q-I-M, hello?
Q-A-M?
Yeah.
Yes?
Your show's so damn boring.
I know, you sound like you're almost in a coma.
I know, it's from you.
Yeah, okay.
Noist of charge, pal.
Noist of charge.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello?
Q-A-M?
No.
Yes.
Yeah, you come on down here in your core, vet.
We-we-we take care of you.
Bad, bad, bad, bad job.
You know, it's how these people with an original material,
he's doing the guy from Loots thing,
and the other guy's doing somebody else.
All stuff that we've had on before, the Bridge Tender,
and then the one that you thought was relatively amusing.
I'm sorry, did you think that they were going to come up
with their own material?
No.
But they do it so poorly, you know what I'm saying?
Bridge Tender Jr.
Chronic from Loots Jr.
All these very sad tragic people.
It's just enough to make me want to kiss the ground.
I'm going to go outside at two o'clock, I'm going to kiss the street.
Kiss the sidewalk.
Kiss this.
Sonny Shion, sure, it's their coldest hell, but who cares?
In fact, let's take a look right now.
So, Castor and Open Monday morning can tell everybody
what the temperature wasn't Toronto on Friday.
I'm the Neorodger show.
Minus six.
I don't know what that is.
It's like maybe 27.
Minus six.
It's warming up a little bit.
Now we got a heat wave.
It's in the 20s now.
And the snow we had the other day, the four or five inches of snow,
whatever it was supposed to be, it's mostly gone right now.
It's vanishing.
So, come on up, come on down.
WDQAM, hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Can you end the day with the Frenchist girl, Luca Call?
With what?
Never the Frenchist girl, Luca Call, when that you said was the best show on the girl dance.
I don't know.
Right.
Do you have that lane around anywhere?
Frenchist girl, Luca is the bad way to show I am.
What time is he on?
I don't know.
Yeah, that's what we got.
Okay, thank you.
My way you met.
Better problem.
There you go.
Frenchist girl, where are you asking you got it?
Boy, I wouldn't have played that again in about 100 years, would I?
No.
We're here to apply.
Just over here for a kill like about six seconds.
Francisco Arruca was the best show and she had no idea what time it was on.
What the station were on the dial, where the stick had whatever.
I thought of where to stick it.
From 152 votes on the pool, you know, I'm a Tony.
If Josh would have put all of the way we were ecstatic to have you on the show today.
Not happy that George's family is sick and stuff like that, but nevertheless.
Oh, well deservedly off for him.
And he'll have to work on a holiday on Monday and so will I.
And so will Chris.
And so will you.
Yes.
Here's the Susan Candy out of you.
Intentionally omitted to provide for my spouse and other heirs, including future spouses and children.
And other decedents now living and those who are afterborn are adopted.
So this would appear to throw up into the air.
Yes, Rose.
That's what the son Daniel is gone.
He is named of your instance.
He has died to whom her assets would fall for whom the bell tolls and wait till Monday when Susan Candy is reading my will on the middle.
Be excited.
1255.
What are you bathed with?
I'm male.
I use so 614 out of 48.9%.
Good.
Good move.
Male with body wash 433.
I seldom pay 81 female with body wash 55.
Hate this 437.
I'm mere 2.9%.
They likes it.
And female with soap only 35.
So the women are under the body wash more than the guys.
And like I said, everybody out there saying exactly the same thing.
That's right.
It's a ladies thing, Neil.
When you're going to butcher up a little bit and get back to the soap.
Like lava soap.
You know, it's like promises like scraping your body with a big rock.
The biggest name.
The best out of all places is Bell Rogers.
Force Radio 560.
You AM.
It's Dave!
Oh, if I am in town.
You're fair.
I'm 560.
WQL.
Oh, wow.
Absolutely.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is Rambore 4 and 5.
Oh, you.
John, Rambore, still alive.
I want to make movies 4 and 5.
My life ain't going great.
I'm going to play a Hollywood's broke.
Unfortunately, I speak like I had a stroke.
First blood came in 82.
That's why I have my penis and it never ever grew.
Rambore 2 was an 85 late.
Rambore 3 was an 88.
Sure.
And so is my gun.
I did not make this movie with my son.
He never said cheers and rock and 5 and daylight.
The tunnel movie.
A little bit of cash is what I mean.
I gotta get a little from the follow-through.
I gotta have another movie.
Or a Broadway show like Get a V.
I guess nobody ever saw top-limbs.
It was stupid.
I guess I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is deserve the flag up.
Ladies and gentlemen, I need to make Rambore 4 and 5.
Take it out.
So call me up.
I really need a script I can do.
Die a long walk.
Keep it zip.
Delight comedy.
Action.
Adventure.
And drama.
That the only thing I will not do is have sex with a llama.
So give me a break for goodness sake.
I used to be at Oprah and I can't get on Ricky Lake.
Right now I got a one-man show and put keptzy.
Basically I'm an unemployed gypsy.
I was an omitted cash.
I got a few moments.
This is what I mean.
I got to get a loan from a Paulo cream.
I got to have another head movie.
Or a Broadway show like Get a V.
I guess nobody ever saw top-limbs.
It was stupid.
So I understand.
My whole life is about to cave in.
All I got left is deserve the flag up.
And that's why I need to make Rambore 4 and 5.
Bye bye bye when it comes to regular
hot
to
do
do
yeah
