I hope Mike is in good deal tonight.
Sure he will.
Sal, Tom.
The boss has become this separate guy since the youths are going ahead.
Now he can't do that.
It screws up all my arrangements.
Well, that's what he said.
I can't go either Sal.
Tom, Mike, it was only business.
I always liked him.
You understand?
Excuse me, Sal.
Tom?
Can you get me off the hook?
Well, time's sake.
Can't do it Sal.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
Absolutely.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
Oh, how the hell did she get fired?
Oh, Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
Oh, holy rest, that's a big problem, boy.
Oh, she may say, but she ain't.
Here's the bitch you don't have.
A cool one, but she's still waiting.
Oh, come on, she tickles that tail.
Oh, Mike, hey.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
All right.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
Oh, how did that down front get fired?
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
This guy will put clothes up in both suits.
Stick to it as we would no should not go.
Brackdom.
To the baller here instead of teaching JavaScript region,
it's up to Stroy and Odd Show.
She votes!
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired, and throw.
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired, and throw.
How is there help that she get fired, and throw?
Joyce the bitch bitch should get fired.
Why this new I have put the bitch bitch?
She get fired and throw.
She votes.
Wait the bitch bitch, should get fired.
Now let me ask you how many times we're going to play that before we get a phone call.
On New York, corporate doesn't want you to play that pitch bitch, yeah.
Me and Mama.
Especially now that everything is all loosened up.
No more instructions from that bitch.
From that cow.
Anyway, it's Wednesday and it means it's more than baseball day and it's wood buying Wednesday too.
Five cents only, Nichols man.
Nichols and pennies and dimes and stuff like that.
What do you think?
Yeah, right.
Okay.
What do you mean by that?
Can I explain something to you?
Please do.
And the people out there who think that they know something about slot machines.
I said this a few days ago, let me tell you again.
When you play these low-denominational machines, even pennies.
But especially the two pennies and Nichols, they have all, it's a scam.
Because you had your little screen in front of you, which by the way, who the hell could make out what it is?
All the digital stuff in the lines, you hit the button and the lines show up and connecting this and that.
You can't figure out what you got.
You have to trust the computer to tell you what you did if you want something.
But anyway, so there's like maybe ten lines.
Well, ten lines times the Nichols 50 cents.
And maybe you want to play three credits per line.
Well, there's a bucket of half every time you hit the button.
So it's worse.
It's actually more expensive than playing the dollar machine.
You see what I'm saying?
That's correct.
Well, I'm just passing that along.
So anybody who thinks they're playing Nichols or quarters or whatever is automatically a panacea to not blow in your lunch all over the machine.
Well, we'd like to.
I'm just explaining that.
I'm not trying to get anybody going, you know, like that one guy said that day called in,
what's a good machine?
And I said one that pays you.
That's a good machine.
What a schmuck.
So many stupid people and so little time.
Anyway, here's the pull of yourself from yesterday.
Better talk real fast today, guys, because we only have two and a half hours.
In fact, we've only got two hours and 26 minutes.
Yesterday's pull, which really sucked all we did.
Okay, we had what do we get, 1200 during the show?
Something like that, yeah.
Over 1200.
Boy, I'm really impressed.
13 out of 25 was a total.
That's because I chopped it off later on.
Not that much later.
If I hadn't been born in America and I'd prefer to have been born a blank Canadian,
371.
Good choice, eh?
Canadian.
European 308.
Another good choice.
Although we asked, now I asked Josh yesterday, like, where, what do you say, finally?
I said Spain.
I mean, there are a lot of places, you know, that I, why?
Why did I, why Spain?
Yeah.
I know someone who's been there and it sounds like my kind of lifestyle.
Your kind of lifestyle?
What does that mean?
You drill from a drink alive.
Yeah, from like, you know, starting to go out at about,
midnight, a party, about eight to 10, 30 in the morning.
I think maybe Germany where they start drinking at about nine o'clock in the morning would be good.
Well, I'm not, but I just, you know, passing that along.
Two into that, but.
Scandida.
I'm a knight guy.
Let's face it, you were drunk.
Why don't you just admit it?
I'm not a drunk though with that.
Drinking on the weekends makes me a drunk.
I love to get drunk.
But I don't need it.
You said, what are you going to do?
There is good plaster.
Oh, like, you've never seen.
Well, there you go.
You're a drunk.
I'm a, I'm a, a fan slob.
I'm an ice cream addict and they, you know, I'm not addicted to gambling, but it's, it's fun.
Scandinavia, 250, four of them.
Born to Scandinavia, sweet or a fin or a Ouija, 254.
Martian, 173 and believe me.
We've talked to many of you and trust me a lot of you qualify.
I wasn't born in America and thank God.
Actually, it says thank you.
Deal, God.
125.
125 people out there.
What if they got their purple cards yet?
South, after that, it's like nobody wants to be from these other places.
South American, 22, Cuban, 19, Asian, 18, African, 18, Mexican, 10, and Central American,
only seven.
Well, I guess there's a lot of poverty in Central America.
In fact, all over Latin America, right?
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah.
A lot of poverty.
Who wants to be born a slipper?
Who wants to be born brainwashed and, you know, unsurconductorized.
All of the put all those ingredients together and you got for a very marginal existence.
You're going to get 1,000 by 1230.
What do you think?
We got 767.
Yeah, we'll do it.
You think?
Definitely.
By 1230?
Yes.
Okay.
Well, that's the challenge today for Chris.
In his first speech on the Senate floor after returning from Congress's Memorial Day,
we assessed Senate Majority Leader, the anxious and pasty Harry Reid in Nevada,
blasted George W. Bush in his administration for ignoring pre-war intelligence that specifically predicted
long-term chaos in Iraq, the likelihood of a bloody civil war, and the capacity of the invasion
to actually strengthen Al Qaeda.
Siting a report by the Senate Intelligence Committee called pre-war intelligence assessments
about post-war Iraq that was released Friday before the holiday weekend,
redecided that the Bush administration cannot hide behind ignorance, although sometimes that's a good excuse.
Like our management, for example.
I don't know what to tell you to you.
Well, what does that mean?
It means like that.
Like tomorrow morning is the trend.
Oh, baby.
Tomorrow morning is the trend, which means...
You're going to have some numbers to pass around.
Whether out of hubris or incompetence, the president and his men will fully ignore the experts
and our troops to battle unprepared for the consequences Harry Reid be saying.
Some might say what has passed has passed, he say.
If the president, and by the way, he's watched that Republican debate last night, I sure
tell the president.
Oh, yeah, it was great.
Yeah, right.
I wouldn't want to say that if he paid me by the second.
I'm with you.
Now, how come they got this speaker guy?
Is he actually going to testify there in person before the Senate?
Andrew Speakers, the guy with the TV.
There's Julie Gebberding with the area of Bizarre here.
She's from the CDC.
The Centers for Disease Control.
They sure made a big sentence about this and CNN's carrying a whole damn thing.
With medical advice.
Yeah, there you go.
Medical advice, my ass.
Some might say what has passed has passed.
Harry said if the president's pre-war failure was a one-time event, we could maybe say forget
about it, even though that would be hard.
But if the president's pre-war failure was a one-time event, we could leave it to the
historians to study and judge the tragedy of his incompetence.
But even today, after almost 3,500 American deaths and more than 20,000 wounded, the president
continues to cherry pick facts and order to paint a rosy, but very misleading picture of a rack.
Rosy, but misleading.
Number rosy from UM.
Microsantal, nobody news time is 422.
Yeah, Microsantal.
He's still probably there at UM baseball like Jay, what's his name?
Roqueach.
Roqueach.
With the deflative fish and the soup and stuff like that.
Bill Pickles.
The report was that one intelligence committee chairman Jay Rock have had a vow to bring to the public view before Memorial Day of Holiday.
After years of the Do-Nothing Republican Congress refusing to even examine the issues for fear of harming the already-turned-as-white house.
And it goes on and on, Harry Reid said this, Harry Reid said that, and you know that, that in 40 cents will buy you like about a small turd.
777, why sure like the way that looks on that tapole?
I mean, 666 always looks good, but when you get that 77, it reminds me of...
W-A-D-C-E!
...and stuff like that.
Wonder if Tubby Checker's still alive, right? He's not dead.
Yeah, he's alive.
Well, how do you know that?
I remember you bringing up that question and we looked it up.
Well, thank God for that.
If Tubby Checker dies, that's going to be a sad day.
I don't know why.
A lot of people are going to be twisted, baby.
They're going to be twisted the whole night and day away.
Like Josh is going to be doing in Vegas, where he's going out there to get laid behind his girlfriend's back.
That's...that's...stop it.
What? Now I'm just kidding.
I'm just joking with you for quite a while.
Although that was a very nervous response.
Wasn't it, Chris?
Definitely.
I'm not saying nervous life we had yesterday.
You wouldn't be doing a thing like that.
Not when you got a real hot girlfriend.
It's a very loyal and faithful and brings all the vodka home and stuff like that.
Now, do you see she works? What's she do?
Oh, that's where we don't want to talk about you guys' girlfriends.
Here's today's poll.
Who's your favorite Democratic contender?
This is after Sunday nights Democratic debate.
I got them all on there.
Poor Chris Dog, man. Nobody knows who he is.
He's a good guy too.
But anyway, 782 vote.
How much have I clicked that we might have 70 to eight?
Oh, they're coming in chunks now.
They're coming.
What is it? What have you got going with the audience, Chris?
I'm telling you, it's called no matter what you need.
Boy, they come through for your ass.
Or what's they do that for me?
They come through for you a big time.
Maybe they like fat people.
They would be coming through for you too, then.
Yeah, but I'm not as fat as you are.
Ah, that's what it is.
You've got about 70 pounds on me or 60 anyway.
Anyway, favorite Democratic contender.
Barack Obama, thank the Lord 260.
You go, man. He is the man.
Hillary, 125.
Now a lot of people will say, well, that's because you're a pump and Barack on the show,
and you know, that's what, well, so what about it?
Maybe all the Hillary people are gone.
Too bad.
125.
He beats her by better than 2 to 1 on here.
He's got 33%.
He's got a little under 16.
Little Dennis Cassettics 105, that's because we've got a prispications audience that realizes that
even though he's got certain liabilities, he says the right things.
You know what his biggest liability?
Oh, he's a little jai, kind of funny.
Yeah, that's probably it.
Bad hair piece, about 2 feet tall.
Dennis Cassettics 105, he's a strong third.
John Edwards 101 speaking of hair.
In fact, I guess that's the two biggest things he's got going from himself is that he's got an expensive haircut
and a wife with the breast cancer.
No, number Republican 92.
Now that 11.5% of the audience are Republican.
Wow, holy rat man.
Bill Richardson 55, Mike Revelle 45, who also says a lot of the right things, but has no chance.
And Chris Dodd sold Tom to Otto, sold him at Theocho.
He's only got eight.
And if I click that thing in, we might be 801.
They're coming in and big chunks for Chris.
Man, you ought to reach over and kiss that microphone.
I can't, baby.
Oh, God, I've got to sing me.
Sing me the bad news.
Oh, my God.
Thanks for trying.
Waste in your childhood.
I can't wait to sing it.
I can't wait to sing it.
I've had it.
Everyone's brains are washed up.
I've had it.
We were crazy.
All of you with me.
They can't war about American idols.
And get his food back.
Mine's this file.
They won't blow Jill.
It gets more hard there.
I bet it's 60%
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Go home and like your white human child.
I can't wait to sing it.
I can't wait to sing it.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
It's an 18.
Nice price, Cindy.
I feel bad for her, man.
I feel really sad.
Not just for her, but of course the parents and the wives and the kids and the brothers and the sisters and the friends and all of these people.
Of those nearly 3,500 American kids that have been just slaughtered over there for nothing.
We sunlight and counting.
And of course the beat goes on.
But some more violence over there today.
And well, that's a real shock to all of you.
So anyway, speaking of shock, Brady Anderson.
Remember we talked about him yesterday?
Yeah, you were.
And he went on during the off season a couple of years ago, a few years ago, when he was playing.
He went on a trip to Rome with one of the other players, Scott Erickson.
Remember Scott Erickson?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, at any rate, they went on a trip to two of them together to Rome.
I'm very sure they were.
The rest of that story or?
No, I just told you that.
You can assume whatever you can make whatever contusions you want.
And I have a feeling they were much more than just pasta.
Maybe a little peppy Rooney, something like that.
I don't know.
I just found that very bizarre because there were always all those rumors about Scott Erickson.
And then of course, Brian Brady.
Now let's say, Kenneth Moss-Macho, I guess the answer is obvious.
Tom Brady, Brady Quinn or Brady Anderson.
Oh, Brady Anderson.
You're fair.
He's not even in the running on that one, right?
I guess we have to say Tom Brady, since he's in prayer, even though you guys don't like him.
He's in pregnating all those chicks, those hot chicks.
So he must be the most macho.
Brady Quinn, we don't know, but he sure did let me put his hand down his pantaloonies on the backside.
Next time it comes to Tom Maybro, I'll try the other side.
You never know.
Although he needs to change that pink complexion.
834 votes on the poll.
Maybe he was just blushing.
I think that was it because he was standing next to me in that picture where I had the orange...
The orange complexion.
Oh, money, that's what it is.
You made a nervous.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
Maybe that's why I turned orange.
Maybe he was making me nervous, especially with my hand on his back dome cheeks.
But anyway, 834 votes.
I'd get pretty nervous, so I'll tell you that.
835 now.
Well, you're going to make the thousand by 1230 and then the whole town is going to be buzzing.
Boy, not about me, about Chris.
Well, that Chris...
He's a regular vote maggot.
Magnet.
You might get hired by the candidates because you're such a vote maggot.
Good for Chris.
Yeah.
But the pay is right here.
See, even Mo is big on Chris.
Now, you wouldn't know.
Let's see.
He wasn't there when you started.
Was he Chris?
Oh, you know that whole jar was big?
I was the guy running the board that day.
Really?
Yeah, it was a Saturday morning show and I was the one running the board.
The Joe Rose bed.
I wonder what that's under.
Is that this one?
I want to give you an update of what took place just now off the air.
You mean that one?
Yes.
Come on back, Joe.
We want you back real bad.
And we don't have mono, Mo.
We do have to worry about that.
And...
I'm like a burden.
I'm going to say about that.
Yeah.
Agen was the other guy that was there that also talked to him off the air.
Right.
And when they tried to find out like, you know, that was a Sunday Saturday.
So come Monday.
They're asking him about it.
And he's like, oh no, I don't know if it was him or not.
And then I find out about this whole thing about today's later when they call me.
And like, oh well Dave Hagen said he wasn't sure if it was him.
So when I see Hagen, I'm like, how are you going to sit there and say you don't know it's him
and you talk to him three times?
Oh, I don't want to get in the middle of anything.
No, what a worst man.
He's long gone.
He's a good guy, but you know.
He's a good guy.
I liked him.
Not a lot, but I mean I liked him.
What?
You know, like I'm like Brady Quinn, but you liked him.
Well, what does that mean?
He didn't look like Brady Quinn.
If he looked like Brady Quinn, I'd say you didn't want to give a pat on me.
And I'm like, you liked him.
No, I don't give anybody.
Did I give you a pat on the ass in the elevator, Mr. Smartass?
No, you didn't.
No, I did not.
I never touched you, man.
I think he's a little sad that he's like six times the entire time.
You were never here, man.
Right.
I'm talking about him the elevator when we're in there alone.
When you extended your hand and I said, be careful where you put that sweetheart.
I let you put your hand in it.
Show cans.
You stuck your tongue.
Wait on my throat.
I was gagging.
Now that was it was like I said, you're all right.
And I don't ever see it.
That's why we get along so good.
That's why all of us get along well.
I wouldn't see anybody.
Don't you find that action makes the heart grow fonder or whatever that means?
Yes, I like that.
When you're there, it's like you're hostile with everybody, you know.
In fact, that I don't remember what his name was.
The sales manager before this one, the one that followed the scurrying that was there for about five minutes.
He heard it.
That's it.
Now what did he call him?
I don't know.
At any rate, the last time I was there or when he was still there at any rate, I don't know, was the last time.
One of those last times I was like, oh look at that.
This guy jumped over and tried to get to El Papa.
He tried to get to the Pope.
Did you see that?
Maybe we want to give him a big kiss on the lips and the Pope probably would have smiled and he want my little red shoes.
But anyway, so I opened the door.
I was leaving it to a clock and I opened the door to leave.
You know that door that goes out into the hallway there.
Right.
And Curtis, the sales manager came in and he did me like, poison because Hank and I were ripping him on the air.
He had no sense of humor, real junk ass.
Yeah.
He gave me a look.
He didn't not, not, not, not, not, how you doing?
Oh my god, just a look.
A look that would kill.
Yeah, he didn't have what we call a personality.
He needed a personality transplant.
He gave me a look that was like, like that.
Maybe even like that.
Ooh.
So I could tell he wasn't too fond of me.
And you know what? Who cares?
I'm not there to win no popularity contests.
And we'll see tomorrow morning if we're here to get any numbers or not.
I don't know.
I don't know if we, now what are you guys thinking?
We're going to have a little bounce back in the industry.
Yeah, definitely.
You both say, yeah.
Yes.
Why is that?
Based on what?
Based on it's never, you know,
how to perform a never-rains in California?
There you go.
Based on it's never what?
Past performance.
Well, we all went down and you know, across the street.
Look, I mean, that was a fluke, you know?
Yeah, they had that bogus January.
So, what happened?
Nobody gave us anything in January.
We didn't get no die.
We support from the crowd.
And none of our people, I guess, got any in January.
And so we got really screwed and tattooed.
Kind of like what's going to happen to Josh and Vegas.
Anyway, what's your favorite, who's your favorite Democrat?
A contender.
800.
Now, let's see if we can get to 8.50, 8.47.
Barack Obama, 287, 33.8%.
Hillary, 128, 15.1%.
She's going down.
She's dropping down.
He's just thumping her ass.
At least, let's just have our audience vote in the election.
What do you think?
Oh, that would be good.
President Obama, it sounds good to me.
Dennis Goodson, it's little Venice with a very bad here at peace.
111.
He says all the right things.
He makes good sounds with his mouth.
But he's a silly guy.
John Edwards, 105.
He's the real silly guy and people take him seriously.
When somebody starts talking with that real draw, you know, oh, God, that's just...
I know, it's prejudice.
I can't help it.
I have real bad prejudice against people that talk with real heavy Southern draw.
Y'all come back now.
No, I'm a Republican 102.
That's up to 12%.
I don't know if I believe that, do you?
12% of the audience are Republicans?
Yeah, I believe it.
Well, Bill Richardson, 58.
How about Bobby Richardson?
He has never been.
He was in that story yesterday about who was he in the story about?
Oh, clean his boy, clean boy.
Remember, he died.
Mm-hmm.
And Bobby Richardson said this and Bobby...
Bobby Richardson, there was a guy who was a good looking kid, played second bass for the Yankees.
He was good.
Born again, Christian, though, and then I kind of turned on him.
Was good as that last, well, was that the third bassman?
He said, was good.
And I looked up a stats and he was a complete terror.
Clean boy, was a great, great, great, fielder.
I never said he was a great fielder.
He might have been a great fielder, but...
Didn't we go through that yesterday?
The guy just died.
You want to just pee on his parade now that the guy is dead.
You know why you need a electum?
No, he wasn't all that good looking.
He was decent looking guy, but he was no...
What do you mean you said it?
Yes, he was no Dalton Jones.
And he wasn't looking at that.
He was no Dalton Jones.
Oh, it's a good guy.
So Richardson's 58, Mike Reveld's 48, and Christod, only 8th.
So Tonto Otto, very bad for poor Christod from Connecticut.
And that's because nobody has any idea who he is.
And he's also...
He's like an intellectual.
856, nobody wants an intellectual.
That's why they elected Ike over at Lee Stevenson twice.
And the illiterate ex-general who had no qualifications whatsoever,
and they had all those bumper stickers, I like Ike.
And at Lee Stevenson was bald and divorced.
You know, I had a personality like a dead man, you know.
Kind of like Go camper.
26 after 10 to 5, 60 WQM.
Marlins and the Braves, they split that double header yesterday.
They played all day long, and the end result was a washout, basically.
But they're playing at 1230 to 7 noon.
And they're the pregame anyway.
We're going to get that out of here.
In fact, I'm going to get out here about 1220.
Because my Cadby's got somebody to pick up at.
One, I don't want it like a range of the show based on my Cad driver,
but you know what? That's what I'm going to do.
And don't forget now, you guys, both of you.
Have some nice, long instrumental crap ready for like about 1220 at 6.
Okay.
Can you handle it?
Yeah, nice, long instrumental that you can fade right into the open.
Okay, you don't have to do anything special.
Don't have to make sounds with your mouth.
But...
Oh, say, can you see my coyotes flashlight?
Cross the border today.
As the Minutemen were shooting.
Rock can guys in one car.
Through the desert of my.
Through the prop has three marks.
But they just thought we were looting.
And the farms were open.
The fruit was waiting for us there.
Give us the nasty lights.
And we'll pay our fair share.
Jose does not understand the English you say.
Give our great, oh him and me.
Or we stand another way.
1036.
Yeah, Mutschis Grasius.
Or as they say in Espanya.
Mutschis Grasius.
1032 at QA.
And we got to Marlon's baseball coming up pregame at 1230 Marlon's in the braves at 105.
Any interest?
No.
Then you got to Humber from the ESPN zone in New York at 430 because we got the Belmont Saturday.
Friday will be talking to Dave Johnson.
Street census isn't even running.
You've skipped into the Belmont.
Oh, no.
Oh, yes.
And then you got the Dolphins All Access 7 to 9 tonight.
Two hours of that stuff.
Wow, that's because we got the Dolphin games.
Anybody care about that?
And then you got GameNet with Eddie K9 to the 1 in the A.M. Wow.
So anyway, I googled Ryan Brady...
Why do I keep calling him Ryan Anderson?
That's a harness driver.
Brady Anderson.
Three former...
This is on the DL, is the name of the page.
It's the same as Page 6 in New York Post.
You know, gossip, but baseball, gossip.
Okay.
Blast from the past, it says, file this under Old Rumors.
This is dated Wednesday, March 8, 2006.
Three former Oreo buddies decided to take a European vacation to or unmarried the third
after the leave his wife at home.
Two of them hooked up.
One of them, and obvious bisexual.
One of them, apparently, on the DL.
The third guy got drunk off his ass hooked up with various women.
Watch out for those strong mites.
It says, and then there's a whole bunch of responses here, of course, replies from readers.
One of them says, two of them are easy to figure out.
Brady Anderson, long-roomer to be gay or bi.
With those runaway estes, he is a surreal...
BAMING!
Screamer.
Scott Erickson, they were Beth's friends.
And possibly Jimmy Key.
Well, just because of gay person as a best friend, that doesn't mean the best friend is gay.
Like Scott Erickson.
But Anderson and Erickson, who has only been married one year now, at least as of this writing,
got in trouble with the team.
My numerous occasions, once for leaving the team with about permission while in New York
to travel back to Baltimore to go to a concert, all house thweep.
And that occasions, the other culprit was Sydney Ponson.
Who's that?
Ponson.
Ponson.
Sounds fishy to me.
Sydney what?
Ponson.
Yeah.
Who's he?
A picture.
A bitch.
Picture.
Anderson is not the father of a child, but he's a reported girlfriend, some rock group singer.
Erickson is not married to Lisa Guerrero, the best-am sports show.
And Ponson is still single and it says here, I certainly hope the Cardinals know what they've gotten themselves into,
because it sounds very gay.
Who knows?
What do you think of Sydney Ponson?
He's a fat.
You think that Brady Anderson calls him a thidney?
Maybe the spokesman calls him to the old.
And I it's going to be the last game of the Stanley Cup finals.
The Anna Heimducks will look to Stanley Cup.
They'll be drinking from the cup.
A lot of people watching that, huh?
Yeah, here.
Not there.
Nobody will be watching it there.
And that's because they got that Doc Emmerk doing the game, that Torpy Doc Emmerk with a bad herpes.
885 votes.
Boy, you're going to make a thousand easy without even breaking into a sweat.
889 are coming in and chunks for Chris.
They want to support old Chris.
I don't know why.
They feel sorry for fat people.
Not all fat people.
They feel sorry for some fat people.
That was fat.
I know.
The favorite Democratic contender, 889.
This is important stuff, man.
It bodes well for my man, Barack Obama.
He is the man.
And you have to be deaf, dumb, stupid, and retarded not to see that.
Although, Maureen Douds got a column critical of him today about how he zigs when he should say,
I'm not going to read it.
I put it on for tomorrow's website.
Speaking of that, if you don't have a whole lot of articles up for the website,
tomorrow means I stayed at woodbind like all night.
Yeah, you should read that.
Winning thousands.
Just keep gambling with those quarter machines.
Nickel machines.
I thought I'm only allowed for nickels.
You know what?
This is what it boils down to.
When I get there, I'll do whatever the hell I want.
How's that?
There you go.
Hey, they're all dead.
91 votes.
A generous, wonderful, human being like me that's going to put your check into mail in a couple of weeks.
A couple.
No, no, wait.
Wait on it.
It's for next month, man.
What do you mean, wait on it?
What, why is that?
You're going to blow it if I wait.
I don't understand that.
I offered to send it soon.
Oh, that's right.
I don't want to do it this month, anyway.
Yeah.
I'm not due.
I didn't know you were pregnant.
I know Duff was in there this morning, but I didn't realize you guys were that tight.
896 votes on the poll were approaching 900 boys and girls.
We'll make the 1000 easy man.
It's going to be like falling off a log on your ass.
Favorite Democratic intended.
Barack Obama, 323.7% over a third.
Speaking of turrets, Hillary's second.
She's got 15.1% 136.
136.
He's got way more than double.
No number Republican 115, 12.8%.
I just, I don't believe that.
And the number keeps going up and up.
We got a lot of Republicans out there.
Well, wouldn't that be something?
Does that really mean that they're going to vote for Republican after this, the buckle after this disaster?
Probably.
Oh, boy.
Dennis Kassinich, little Dennis has got 114.
He's right there, right there with Hillary almost.
John Edwards, 111.
Dennis beats him out in this crowd.
Bill Richardson, 59.
He ain't no Bobby Richardson.
He's a good man.
Bill Richardson is from New Mexico.
Who now knows from New Mexico, you know?
Right?
Right.
Mike Rovel, 50.
And Chris Dodd, finally got another vote.
All right.
So, let me think.
Nueve, only nine.
For Chris Dodd.
From Connecticut, where some idiots say Connecticut.
You know how there are people who say Illinois?
Yeah.
And Chicago.
And Connecticut and things like that.
You know what they are?
Stupid.
They're illiterate.
They're dumb Americans, which there's an awful lot of them.
Especially, what does John McCain's?
And if he got them, they get out of here.
Bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb, bomb.
You're ass.
You get out of here, John.
You're a crazy person.
Although I noticed they probably, they must have petted down his cheek last night, because his cheek wasn't protruding so much.
I'm seeing that that I watched it, but they're showing the clip right there now.
Mitt Romney, who looks good.
In fact, he was a former like a model or something like that.
He looks like a guy.
Okay.
What?
Well, look, compared to these other people, he's a good-looking man.
Not that I like him or anything like that.
He's way too old for this queen.
But he makes a good appearance, you know, a bell of a gr...
There's that cheesehead, Tommy Thompson.
He's got the one at the United States.
He's got water from a creek.
He was an outdoors guy.
Another Yehu man.
Cheesehead.
900 even, boy.
I just can't believe it.
You're going to get that prousend.
We don't even have to...
I thought we'd probably have to really push.
When you got a short show like this, puts a lot of pressure on us.
Now, let's see.
We got the no mad dog this week.
We got Geldie tomorrow and then, of course, on Friday.
Oh, my God.
That schedule...
Remind me tomorrow not to read the schedule for Friday.
I'll do that.
I may commit sausages if I have to do that.
They can't force me to read the schedule.
I mean, I like to cross from all that.
I like to tell you what's will we got.
I mean, good stuff on here.
Like that.
Things like that.
Too bad that nasty.
I mean, this car race wasn't on Monday, you know?
Because I sat down at noon.
I was going to just bail out of here at noon and go watch the race.
Look, I think they came to find out.
I probably could have found it here, though, because I don't have Channel 7 here.
It probably was on TSN or something like that.
Wouldn't you think?
Sure.
Or on Fox.
I have a Fox affiliate here, which I really turn on.
And we even have Fox News here, too, which I never turn on.
If my set automatically, it just blocks it out.
If you've got a good TV, it blocks out anything you have anything to do with Fox.
Unless it's an NFL game.
Isn't that interesting how we hate Fox News?
But Fox Entertainment, they got some good shows on there.
And then they got some sporting events that we want to watch, too, like NFL, right?
Like Half the Youngs are there.
Like when the Patriots kick ass this year.
And by the way, Trent Green just turned 86.
He used to look really good, too, Trent Green.
I know you don't believe me, but he's a little too old for you now.
He's 37 now.
He's, I saw that picture him in a paper that they often signed him in a whole deal.
And poor Adonis culpapers, man, they just kicked his in the ass.
When a guy is down, they kick him in the ass.
Oh, there's that thing.
And Fred Thompson, boy, Giuliani's dropping like a rock.
He went from 37% in March to 30% in May.
But third, man.
Wow.
How about old McCain there?
Bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, bom, how's McCain doing?
Huh? Can you do it?
They got the graph up there, but they don't want to, oh, they're bleeding it.
Now, who's that that moved up?
19 to 22 to 22.
Fred Thompson.
Isn't that who that is?
Well, Tim, oh, that's McCain.
Yeah.
That's McCain.
Thompson, from 11 to 11 to 12.
He's making a big movie, went all the way from 11 to 12%.
He hasn't got a Chinaman's Chancin Procatory.
And Mitt Romney has gone from 8 to 9 to 10.
I think that's, so that's a very strange chart, isn't it?
Yes.
Once your communist is seeing him put it up there, so they're trying to like play with your brain.
Ah, this is Joe Bourne, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs,
and they're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
Yeah, yeah.
Hey, ready.
What's up, y'all?
This your boy, he might, alright.
See how you even do songs with like hooks and concepts, it's right?
But, we're there, man.
I'm trying to go black now.
Some of the boxes.
Check this out, y'all.
Huh?
Read a book, read a book, read a mark.
Hey, book, read a book, read a book, read a mark.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mark.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mark.
Hey, book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-J.
I-E-A-D-S-B-O-O-J.
Hey, sports, hey, not a magazine.
Ooh, what a book, what a book, what a book, what a book.
Yeah, that was sports, hey, boy.
Got a magazine, ooh what a book.
What a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mark.
Hey, boy, that's a magazine, ooh what a book.
Hey, E-A-NA-S-ST-B-O-J.
Don't worry about me, you don't need for a book.
Read a book, read a book, read a mark.
Read a book, read a book, read a mark, read a book, read a book, read a book.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, reading a book, read a book.
I'm a good I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-K I-E-A-D-A-P-O-O-K I-E-A-D-A-D-S-P-O-O-K I-E-A-D-A-D-A-D-A-D-S-P-O-O-K I-E-A-D-A-D-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P-O-K I-E-A-D-S-P
You-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you-you
Mr. Public Restroom Toilet Tissue Dispensary Filler Guy Mr. Public Restroom Toilet Tissue Dispensary Filler Guy! On the food chain of life, you are an amoeba. Even the caught-return guy mots you as you head to the supply room to stock up. While your peers acquire their job skills at the local community college, you learn everything you ever needed to know in that rancid,
and you take care of the carol at the corner gas station. When you take your work home with you, it usually involves some sort of nasty rash. You don't get tipped, but there's a certain satisfaction that coming to the rescue of an IBS sufferer on Taco Day.
I'm a carol.
So we salute you, Mr. Public Restroom Toilet Tissue Dispensary Filler Guy, your bluncher, your land yard, and your calluses. You are a real American A-hole.
I'll tell you one thing, you're a real hero if nature is calling and you've done a good job, and feel that the spot-up, right?
Nothing worse than going to a public tea room and sitting there and all of a sudden you look over and the toilet paper dispenser and, uh-oh, it's either empty or real close to it.
And then of course you can do that thing that what's your name was promoting? That crazy bitch, you know, the one square toilet paper?
Who was that that was doing that? I don't remember.
Cheryl Crowe.
Who?
Cheryl Crowe.
Cheryl Crowe, oh my god, talk about me as a guy and a crazy person on top of it.
Anyway, so the Felix the Cat Guy, I'm under my chronic Myspace people, says that the Poisson guy, whatever his name is, Poisson, was that his name?
Okay, Poisson.
He's from a Rubah.
He had a drunk, drunk and spent Christmas in jail in a Rubah for punching a judge. He says, I never heard he's gay.
I don't think that story said that he was. It said he was out there, uh, in Holland Hot Chicks and the other two guys were staying in a room together.
They were just hanging it out. Whatever they would do. What do you mean, what do you mean, you know, just cause they're gay?
They're in title, they're in happiness.
Oh, and speaking of that, Texas Baptist stepping up, fighting against clergy sexual abuse, talking about the religion and perverts which go up, gland in hand.
Of course, everybody knows that.
Even though they continue subsidizing it, which are really raised both eyebrows about that.
It would be like my subsidizing the Thevery and Woodbuying, although I'll be going to 12 or 20.
Don't forget that music, now boys.
Okay, I got some K-Sine, the Sunshine Band.
Oh, good. But hopefully it's long. Their songs are short. How long is it?
Four minutes.
Oh, good. Perfect.
The Baptist General Convention Texas had begun posting on his website. The names had convicted sex offenders who worked as ministers and affiliated churches as part of new efforts to stop clergy sexual misconduct.
Stop doing those things, you crazy bastard, those.
The convention posted the names of eight convicted sex offenders last week.
The BGCT, I thought that stood for Beasley. Oh, that's BBGI. Oh, you don't want to buy BBGI.
The BGCT is concerned about the problem of clergy sexual misconduct and we care deeply about its victims said Emily Privolst,
they staff member of the Dallas-based Convention of Genchkees.
While some of the listed offenders are in prison, the Convention doesn't have information on those who are free and can't guarantee they're not working out a church, Privolst be saying.
The Convention also plans to cross-second database of registered Texas sex offenders against staff list from affiliated churches and add the names of any passes with a background of sex offenses.
Privolst said the point is to give the churches a tool when they're considering new hires.
I have a great line for that, but Joyce would plot, she would have a nervous breakdown.
She would have the Green Apple Quick Step for weeks.
About 2.5 million Texans belonging to 5600 Comberations Affiliated with the Baptist General Convention Texas, the largest statewide Baptist Convention in the nation.
Its Affiliated Comberations are autonomous and free from convention control that churches hire their own pastors.
Austin resident Chris DeBround, who has worked on Baptist issues with the survivor of the number of those abused by priests, SNAP, said Baptist haven't come to terms with the extent of clergy abuse problem.
The new steps are more than other conventions have taken but start enough, she said.
These are very small and netiquitous stuff, she said.
The Reverend Benjamin Kool passed her a program for Baptist Church in Arlington, as her is Baptist to do more to protect children and its churches.
I commend the Baptist General Convention Texas for their proactive determination and I pray that Baptist all across the country will follow suit, he said.
I pray that all you getchkeys all across the country will stop with all the fairy tales and give it all up for a length.
Just give it up for the summertime and you'll be amazed at how easy it is and stop subsidizing this nonsense and putting all your energies and faith into a bunch of fairy tales of what it is.
You know what a fairy tale is? A bunch of the Brady Anderson sort of few fairy tales.
That's what I hear. The Texas Convention also said it will make easier for churches to report sexual misconduct by pastors.
Scott Erickson by the way as I recall was a pretty good looking guy, I just I could be wrong about that.
Well you would know. I do know, would any play he pitched for Minnesota before the Orioles writer was an actor, whatever.
I don't I believe so.
You believe I remember him on the Orioles. I don't.
Mr. Marlins baseball expert, you buried Google Scott Erickson right now and see his secretary.
The convention keeps the list of pastors accused of sexual misconduct such as adultery. Oh boy, that's a bad one.
Names are added to list either through convictions or confession or a report from a church.
The list is kept confidential. All the churches can request confirmation whether a particular job candidate is on the list.
The nature of the offense is not released. They don't want to talk about that because it's dirty.
You're right by the way. Minnesota. Minnesota before Baltimore.
Right, what I just tell you I know my crap, Mr. I don't watch no baseball games, but I know my crap especially when it's a good looking guy.
Then I really know my crap. You know what I'm saying? No.
You know exactly what I'm saying. Like when I said Dalton Jones, you believe you me you started hitting for some pictures.
Yeah, past churches that reported which I could find some in the past churches that report names for the list were required to have substantial evidence reviewed by a lawyer.
The conventions decided to waive that requirement at pastors names of church officials are convinced of the misconduct.
Joe Troll, a Baptist ethicist, oh that sounds like an oxy moron to me.
A Baptist ethicist called the new loser giant step.
He urged a convention to start a hotline for people to report sexual misconduct allegations directly to the convention pre-vote said the hotline in India is under consideration.
They're taking it in hand and the idea too.
1023 votes for we are. I don't know what's going on here man.
I have no idea what's going on. I was a trend of army not be spectacular, but I guarantee the one after that is going to be just as kicking.
Don't you feel it? Can you smell it? I feel it. They're out there man. They're back.
In spite of that leaving. I mean whatever.
1024 votes. No, look at that. I think none of them are Republican may have to come off of there.
But then again that would screw us on the thousand votes. They're freepin it. It's bogus.
Even you guys can see that right? You don't think there's a good amount of Republicans that listen to this show?
Let me say it again. It's being free. There's there are some but 17.3% of this audience are Republicans and we started out at about like 10% whatever the hell it was.
It's being free. So you don't understand the creeps that free. You don't understand their mentality.
They all get under right wing freedom from religion foundation and a couple of those other ones. No, that's not the one. That's the one I like.
What's the one? Freedom from religion foundation is great. That's Annie Gailor. Sam and I'm all whipped up because of that woodmine crap.
You know the one I'm talking about. These right wing nut jobs. Anyway, they they free. They they post all these buttons on it.
All free to pull on the awarders dot com and like the one we did on gun control at time. Oh brother. They got spastic about that one.
They got all the NRA people under. Look at that. The number keeps going up and going up and going up. Now 17.4%. None of these I'm Republican. Right. Likely story. Okay.
Of course, we you know we welcome all the Republicans. Maybe we want why some of them up. I doubted.
Your favorite Democratic contender Barack Obama 329. The only reason he's down to 32% is because that bogus number keeps going up.
Non-number Republican 179 bogus freaked.
Hillary 149. Dennis goes 726. John Edwards 120. Those two are badly enough for the rear end.
Bill Richardson 61 micro bell 54 and Christad is holding studies that he is she goes with 10.
So lament a deus out of a 1028 votes. What do I I'm going to say if that creeped and continues I'm going to start in middle.
You know little ornary. What do you think? Okay or not. I mean we we didn't care. You know they do it to bust my balls.
Oh we're going to show them a thing or two. I jolly joe you know that hopefully that early Santa Claus deal.
Ask me if I care. No we don't care. In fact everybody can put on there. I don't like any of these people I'm Republican and we don't really care anyway.
Because we know you're full of crap. We know you're just freepin. And you know the kind of people that's free creeps.
10 past 11 at 560 WQM. It's the Marlon pregame warm up show. I should get some music for the.
Yeah well that's right you got the music got it which I already knew that but just getting excuse to play a little.
Oh here let me let me.
Gonna preview some music.
Okay Gacy I wonder if he knows Scott Erickson Brady Anderson maybe he does.
He's there booby thing. Is he really I was thinking more like.
Yeah more like that if I was going to sample a little bit of music anyway let's get back to the show here and quote with the music crap.
Next thing it will have Ricky Tickie gistening on the show.
Wonder how he's enjoying his retirement.
Don't let me forget on Friday to turn them on and around here so when they've done some calls I'll be able to see it on that line.
So when's the last time you took a call by the way?
1842. I don't know wasn't that long ago when was it we tried.
How do we get out of here I guess. Yeah something like that.
Why is it disturbing you then when I was just curious I hadn't you know before this week I actually hadn't listened to the show.
A lot the previous weeks so I didn't know if you were taking calls and obviously you just put in Eric and pink his put you can see the banner on top of our poll.
Please feel free to free par poll the proceeds help to fund our Gia agenda.
At a boy Eric every time they do that he puts that crap up there.
He gets very incensed when they start free putting it and of course he can he can just take that whole thing off of it.
But I don't want to do that because then we lose 185 votes some of which are for real and we dip under a thousand again.
And then say it would be like shooting ourselves in a feet.
Me on God.
Won't tell your story about a woman unknown.
She's exactly pretty and exactly small.
Won't you throw 956? You can say it you got it right!
Rosie big fat lesbian loud Rosie attacks innocent pure Christian on this event.
All your guys discuss it.
Both inside of that you take a look at her she's a slob she talks like a truck driver.
He's out of again.
Rosie's a loser you know us tonight.
Oh
I don't know.
Oh
No
Then they kicked me out for this and I have no talent.
I have no vengeance towards the company but I'm simply happy about the fact that it is finally over.
I'd like to make one thing perfect for Claire.
For Rosie.
Not already.
She'll fail because ultimately she's all about failure.
I'm a bigger guy than in here.
Let's be an ormiglester.
I'm King Robbie.
This is the kind of thing I grow up out that she's very ugly.
Or a lesbian.
It's 11 seen at 17 when I say I said she's fat.
165 votes on the pool and I checked free republic dot com.
That's the set I was thinking of.
That's one more they freaked like crazy and they put messages on there.
I'll be sure and free this on website because you know even though they you know it's not there.
It has nothing to do with them or the people are reading that right wing maniacal crap.
They've just the swole they put on there.
But we're not on there.
I checked it.
So maybe it's someplace else or maybe it's just a bunch of group balls because that's up to 18.4% now.
And see even Josh is going to have to admit and spread the fact he's saying.
Oh you got a lot of Republicans listen to that.
I don't know about that.
Maybe also that it they don't like any of the candidates.
Now it just went up.
No, none.
I'm a Republican is what the poll says.
Okay.
Now if you want.
That's the only none.
We even put none the above.
There you go.
Put that on there then you'll see it zooming up there.
I don't like any of them.
How's that Chris?
I don't like any of them.
Put it on now.
Get it on there right now man.
18.7% Republicans my ass.
Okay.
And speaking of Republicans.
You're seeing this very snow.
Oh my god there's a bunch of losers there last night.
There's a jar of McCain.
Bum, bum, bum, bum, bum, the stage.
President Bush do his sporadic startling criticism last night from Republican White House hopefuls.
Unhappy with his handling of the Iraq war, his diplomatic style and his approach to immigration.
I would certainly not send him to the UN to represent the US said Tommy Thompson the old cheesehead
former Wisconsin governor and one time ever Bush's candidate midway through a spirited campaign debate.
Romney who's been taking direct aim at McCain of Arizona Senator John McCain criticized the administration for its handling of the Iraq war
and former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney said I think we were under prepared under plan for what came after we knocked down Saddam Hussein.
Which doesn't sound like we shouldn't have been there in the first place and he lied through his teeth all those people are dead for nothing based on lies.
There would have been a lot more honest Mitt.
Representative Duncan Hunterer California who over the alley is said the current administration has the slows when it comes to building a security fence along the border with Mehiko.
They have the slows.
You know what I mean? They got a bad case of the flows just kind of like our management at QAM.
They're going to get him out of doing a little something or something but not real soon. They got the flows.
Representative Tom Tankredo of Colorado recalled that the White House, Edgar Robe once told him never darken the door of the White House.
The congressman said he'd tell George W. Bush the same thing.
Well, criticism of Bush was more in keeping of the type of rhetoric that could be expected when Democratic presidential contenders debate.
It's prominence at the GOP event while Bush was traveling overseas was a reflective as poor forwardings and the need of even members of his own party to campaign on platforms of change.
The Republican sprinkle the criticism of Bush throughout a two-hour debate arranged over topics from war to immigration legislation pending in Congress to religion.
Oh, Halleelujah, praise the Lord.
Because I got the right.
Right.
As long as these Nazis are in charge, you ain't got a prayer.
Are you a part of it?
No, you said praise the Lord.
I just hit the Jesus button.
The debate was the third of the accelerated primary campaign.
Oh, that was more saying, Jesus Christ, I'm sorry I stepped on Mo.
Why, I sure like to.
None of the ten men on the debate stage raised their hand in agreement with moderator Wolf Blitzkrieg of CNN and asked if anybody favored allowing Gays to serve openly in the military.
Not one of them said yes.
I see.
Oh, that Nazi Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas and Hanna Bough said they would pardon Vice President of the Chinese former AIDS Scooter Libby, sentenced to 30 months in prison earlier than they for lying and obstructing the CIA.
A leak investigation.
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, former prosecutor, said the sentence was excessive, which argues in favor of a pardon.
Oh, my God.
How do you like this swill, huh?
Giuliani had the central role in an unscripted moment of humor.
Asked about a Rhode Island Catholic bishop who criticized him for supporting abortion rights.
Giuliani began to respond when a lightning strike briefly interrupted with the debate hall sound system.
Look for someone who went to Perkyl school all his life.
This is a very frightening thing that's happening right now.
He said to laughter.
Aha, aha.
Yeah.
What a crocker, crap.
The debate through the announcement of Republican presidential contenders, but not former Senator Fred Thompson Tennessee, an actor apparently poised to join the race in a month's time.
My name is Thompson.
I'm the candidate not the actress at Tommy Cheezhead Thompson and a jab at the man who wasn't there.
Fred Thompson appearing on Fox News after the debate said he had watched partly given take among his potential rivals.
They did all right from what I saw.
He said, yadi, yadi.
They did okay.
Said Fred.
Right said Fred.
Now here's the fact that says you could tell Neil some people are Republicans and listen to the show because we have a good sense of humor.
And I love my guns.
It's a long time listener in Delray.
PS, screw Joyce.
Oh, yeah, we got some.
We sure don't have 19% of the whole audience Republicans and that's what it's up to now.
Even after we added none of the above which has a quick seven vote.
But you just keep piloting them on there because now we got a thousand ninety four and just like Eric says.
The proceeds from all these votes help to fund our gay agenda.
And he puts it with a pink banner.
Yeah, that's gay.
That's the one down for the full.
That's sweet.
That's sweet.
I bet you Brady Anderson is going to be voting a whole bunch of times.
He likes it when it's pink.
I bet you like that Brady Quinn picture too.
I don't know Brady and Brady.
I wonder if they got together with the have a Brady bunch?
Probably.
Reprising his role is that reprise how do you say it?
You don't say it.
Reprising?
Repriezing his role as the candidate most willing to buck Republican orthodoxy.
Ron Paul accused the government of intervening in the Middle East to protect the interests of powerful oil companies during the last nine-served Republican debate.
You go Ron, you got your thumb right on it baby.
A little bit honesty never heard.
It had to do with oil Paul, 70 West's involvement overthrowing the premier of Iran in 1953.
He said he was most of that.
He said the US policy in the Middle East is continuing to be pursued primarily in the interest of obtaining oil.
Paul also criticized US tax breaks and other subsidies given to oil companies, but he didn't criticize large profits or in viral companies on the open market.
The Texas congressman pitted in the critique of US intervention in the Middle East in response to a question about what the US should do to fight global warming.
He joined other candidates in encouraging more use of alternative fuel sources and domestic reserves of oil.
Rudy Giuliani seemed to take the most environmentally stringent view of all the candidates calling for a national initiative to develop alternative energy akin to the Apollo Space missions that eventually sent astronauts to the moon.
We have to accept that the scientists had that there is global warming.
Giuliani said, well that's something.
And like maybe there might actually be evolution and things like that.
We never know it from that group they had their last night.
You'd never have to affect there ought to be a revolution, not just evolution.
1101, wow, that is the bogus votes keep pouring in there, the numbers keep going on up. Well that's good.
Because we only have another hour and seven minutes for who's counting.
19.2% say they don't like any of those democratic candidates because they're Republicans.
Do you believe that? No, that's out of 1101.
Do you think we could do trouble again today, Chris?
Wait, it's going, we won't be able to.
In two and a half hours, that would be something special.
That would be, I'm going to say on the front page of the Wall Street Ural, Chris and Science Monitor,
New York Times, Washington Post, LA Times, Weekly Reader, the Jerusalem Post,
and the Anquire, and the National Anquire, not to mention the star and all these other, the sun.
Who's your favorite democratic candidate? Barack Obama's kicking ass on this show and you'd expect that.
Because he's obviously the man you have to be an idiot not to see that. Or racist.
Barack Obama 346, none of our Republican, 212, 19.2% of which probably half are bogus, will take him.
You got a hope, we'll take it. You got some money, we'll take it.
Hillary 153. Dennis Kassinich 132, he's actually right in Hillary's ass.
John Edwards 122 Bill Richardson 64, Michael Rovel 54.
Chris Dodd got another one now.
So Tonto Undici.
I had a positive check.
That's 11 and tell you.
Undici or Onse and Espanyol.
I know my number is Mr. when I see a good number believe me I know it.
And Numbia Bubs got 7.
You don't know your Spanish or your Italian?
Undici, Dodici, huh? Definitely not.
Get with it man. If you're going to go travel all over Europe like you're projecting with us, you know, pretending.
You're pretending to be better or less fun.
If you want to be in Spain, you're the one talking to Spain.
Of course, you live in the perfect place to pick up a pick it up on you.
You think that if you grew up in Coral Springs or at least went to school or you know your Spanish?
Really? I don't know.
You'll wait another five years, there won't be any anguos left in Coral Springs. You'll see.
I doubt that.
What?
Oh, you don't believe me huh?
No.
You've been to the Broward Mall lately?
Neither is anybody else.
Oh, there's Hitler.
It's enough of the district.
Look, there's like George W. Bush with a silly mustache.
What do we got on there? 1115.
Boy, I think you're going to make 1200 day.
I'm going to tell you in a short show leading into a Marlin game.
If we can do 1200, Joel Feinberg make them its sausages before the book, before the trend comes out.
I always like to.
Class of 2007.
In a few moments you will collect your degrees.
You will leave this campus with a priceless lesson about the importance of the English language.
And as you go forth, I ask you to lead lives of crime and drugs.
And if you do, you find benefits you'll never imagine.
We see it in the historic new commitments our nation has made to alleviate purpose and character.
So I asked the class of 2007 to plant these ideals in American soil and lead lives of crime and drugs.
If you do, you will lead Richard Lyons and you'll never be just a friend.
Like, congratulations to you all. Class of 2007.
Oh, I know there's no God now. Look who's on CNN.
Here's what happens.
There's what happens.
Well, no, no. Like that. Doing that kind of stuff.
Wow, that is really sad.
I'm talking. You see that needs to be taken out.
I don't mean taking out for a walk or taking out for dinner.
I mean, taking out just eliminated.
When in doubt, take them out.
Isn't that what the Tessio said?
Tom, can you give me your dog?
Wolf type, say. Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
I think it's not.
I can't do it, Sally.
Yeah, we don't want to see him no more.
Of course, neither one of you are like Godfather Mavins.
You're not like students of it like, you know, some of the rest of us.
I'm a big fan. That's good enough.
Out to the, the, the, the, the, the largest bunch of bills.
Oh, right. What?
You go Ricky singing. But I think it's tongue.
I caught around his bike.
Cuspids.
1229 votes on the pool we had about now.
Almost now to get the, to 1200.
Boy, if we can do it by 1230 before the Marlin starts before the Marlin game,
this blows away the entire audience.
Those Marlin broadcasts blow all right.
Believe you made the kind of like choice.
A top Clinton a dross criticism from unions.
Oh boy, the presidents of two large labor unions have written to Senator Hillary Rotten
Clinton to complain that Mark Penn, her poster in chief strategist, is
chief executive of a public relations firm that's helping a company fight a unionization drive.
In 11th cent Friday, which labor official released yesterday, James P.
Huff, a president of the team, and Bruce Rayner, president of the United
here, wrote that the not-law to see Mrs. Clinton or the Democratic Party embarrassed
by the anti-union activities of Mr. Penn's firm,
Burst and Marstheller, more than nation's leading public relations companies.
If Hillary is pro-worker and pro-union, she will certainly take steps to reign in Mr. Penn,
Huff, a said-man interview.
He can't serve two masters working for a pro-union candidate and working for an anti-union company.
In the letter Huff, I, Mr. Rayner, said it's with distress we write you today adding that they
valued Mrs. Clinton's positions on many worker-related issues.
Yeah, I can only imagine her positions.
I bet she she likes a doogie style.
They said the public relations firm's activities in the effort.
Now that was really bad.
That was a low blow.
But you know what?
It could be true.
Who knows?
They said the public relations firm's activities in the effort to wonder
my workers right to organize.
I'd sent us a campaign our unions are involved in is particularly disheartening.
Four years ago, the two unions began a major draft unionized 17,000 workers at Synthesis Corporation,
the nation's largest uniform rental company.
Synthesis helped by Berson Marstheller as we spotted with a vigorous and thus far successful effort to resist unionization.
Mr. Huff, I am Mr. Rayner, whose union represents a peril, hotel and restaurant.
Workers noted that they had learned of Berson Marstheller's anti-union activities in the article last week in the nation.
The reaction comes as Mrs. Clinton prefers to speak in an AFL-CIO form on Saturday and Detroit.
Mr. Penn did polling for Bill Clinton when he was present, long been at top adviser to Mrs. Clinton three years ago,
30 years ago.
Mr. Penn founded a prominent polling firm known as Penn Shown and Burland Associates.
In December 2005, he was named Chief Executive of Berson Marstheller.
In interviews, Huff and Rayner stopped shortly calling on Mrs. Clinton to disassociate herself from Penn.
Rayner said she ought to send a clear message to this guy, Penn, that he's unhappy about this union-busting stuff,
and that he shouldn't be associated with it.
But a beep, but a boop, but about that.
Well, it's just another black mark on Swallowbees faltering campaign.
We can only hope.
Well, I see Andrew, I knew he was going to be there in front of the Senate.
He couldn't talk to that guy.
That guy is like, bright red.
He's calling in from the hospital and then we have the guy on the right and he's turned red.
I think he's catching it over the phone.
I think he's got the tabi-calosis.
Look at that.
He's got that same shade of Brady Quinn and that picture I had my hands down his pants.
Listen, it's Tom Harkin, by the way.
Just turned red.
Maybe swearing again.
Let's see what we got on here.
We're going to make that $1,200.
I mean, there's no sense in making a lot of noise and then falling short.
1141.
1141.
We got 25 and 30 is 55 minutes for 59 votes.
Peace of cake.
Although a lot of people are diving for the dialogue now, because I mentioned a Marlon game in the pre-games coming up at 1230,
they were diving for the radio dial.
This screws up all my arrangements.
Exactly.
Where'd you get the new drops from our chicken neck?
Oh, there you go.
From chicken neck.
Tom Harkin was only business.
I always liked him.
Tom, can you give me a dog?
Roll type.
Roll type, sink.
Can't do it, Sally.
Can't do it, Sally.
He said, don't call me Sally and then they give me old butter, Bing.
Where's that other thing?
I played it before that the long, the whole thing.
Can't find it no more.
I know I forgot this though.
I can't say the Bible quality only did this and the Bible quality only did that.
So I said, yeah.
Yeah, sure.
Oh, anybody who doesn't like the Godfather will be shot on site.
We're just going to go driving around town and if we're going to have a big sign up there,
honk if you don't like the Godfather and if you honk, it's like, you'll be a honky.
1141 votes on air and the Republicans 19.5%.
It's just not possible.
Imposegri is what it is and...
Thank you, Blake.
That too.
We're going to work on some pre-game music.
Nothing one you're talking about.
Not the KC-1 for actor to like you.
Did I train it up?
You're not liking that?
No, I do like that.
It's fine.
It's perfect.
Little gay, especially now we hear the story about Scott Ererson and Brady Anderson and
that Paul Songuy sounded fishy to me.
Now I'm just talking about from like after this next break until like that last one.
You know, because I want to make happy.
There's little ladies out there.
He does his talk about his vacation and the Marlon game and when he gets to go home and go to woodbind and punch his guts out.
You know that crap.
That bunch of nasty old bitches.
Sous.
Or for a second.
I thought it was going to have a runaway ass.
I had to reach out there and capture it.
They just jealous.
I beg you pardon?
They just jealous.
They just jealous because I got a pretty good schedule.
Okay, I got a pretty good deal.
You'll hear no complaints from me.
Even though I work for a bunch of bozos,
much of idiots.
You won't hear any complaints from this kid.
That's my new years resolution on the 5th of June.
Or 6th of June.
Boy, today is already Wednesday.
I'm sitting here thinking it's Tuesday all day.
I don't know why.
How can it be woodbind Wednesday and to be Tuesday?
I don't know.
I guess I'm just stupid in my old age.
Isn't that possible?
Maybe my old-timers' disease is kicking in.
Yes, it is.
Is it?
Yeah.
You're right about Tom Harkin though.
Man, he looks red as a beaten.
And the guy behind him though looks, uh, I don't know.
Darker.
That black guy sitting behind him there.
I'm not watching that crap anymore.
Oh, good.
Good thought.
Because he keeps showing a picture of this other guy Andrew Speaker.
Mr. Speaker, he's in the hospital.
He's got TV.
And they sure is how I'm working to bring him in there and put him in the middle of the
Senate and all of a sudden everybody's there coughing and gagging and puking up blood and stuff like that.
That would probably not have been good.
Maybe he's a car.
Oh, Jesus.
I hope Mike's gonna surprise you when they show me will.
So Tom, the boy says we're coming to separate cars just for you to go on ahead.
And he can't do that.
He screws up all my arrangements.
Oh, that's what he said.
I can't go either, so.
Tell Mike it was only business.
I always liked him.
You understand that?
Excuse me, sir.
First.
Tom, can you get me off the hook?
Room type-sake.
Can't do it, Sally.
Hey, survivor fans.
A great summer adventure is on CBS Thursday, going the wildest crew to ever set sail.
Big, bad lesbian, loud rosy, let's act innocent pure Christian Elizabeth.
High, sweet, high adventure on the high seas.
And I'm not going to let you go.
I'm not going to let you go.
I'm going to let you go.
A new series guaranteed to chip booty.
CBS Thursday, watch your back.
Don't ever break!
Big booty, whoever rosy is there.
Big target.
11, 44, 16, no, just 16 in the 30s, 46 minutes away from the Marlon pregame show.
Wow.
We love the Marlon's.
When they play it at a time, they split that double head yesterday.
They lost the first game, they won last night, I guess, which I didn't pay too much attention.
That's the fifth and last game of the Santa Cup finals.
Anaheim Ducks will kick ass over Ottawa Senators and the Spokshmen BM.
No more BM, baby.
The Spokshmen.
Who's crying and whining?
It's too bad.
Too bad, Spokshmen.
That's Spetcher.
He sure ain't playing too good.
That's Spetcher, you know.
And what do you guys know?
I mean, you wouldn't know a hockey game if it broke out in your living room.
Now, you've been to a few games, right?
That's correct.
Now, I'm talking to Josh.
He's not sitting at a travel moment.
Where'd he go?
He didn't go out to make a run, did he?
I don't think so, but he just gets up and leaves.
So, who knows?
He just gets up and leaves?
Yeah, well, you know.
Well, you've been to a few games.
Yes.
And you would know Jason's specific he came in there and crushed checked you in the face right now.
That's correct.
Well, that's okay.
He's number 19 except when they rip his jersey off.
And he wears number 44 for a couple of minutes.
That was kind of amusing.
1160 votes on the pool.
The free-ping?
I don't know about the free-ping.
Now, what do you think?
About what?
Are they free-ping and who knows?
Does it really matter at this point?
No.
In your case, we had 1164.
You know you got your 1200.
In fact, I have a feeling we'd have more votes by 1230 than on this pool than we did it to a clock yesterday.
And you want to know why?
Because it's a better pool.
Yeah, because yesterday's pool sucked.
It was a crappy question.
It didn't arouse their curiosity.
It didn't like you listed their interest.
But this.
I mean, this is whatever we had the Republican debate last night.
Suddenly at the Democratic debate, I didn't watch either one of them.
I have no interest in why.
Yeah, I mean, till we get to a point where it means something, you know.
Till we get to within at least six months of the freaking election.
Not June 5, 2007.
Give me a break.
But yeah, I'll kill some airtime.
1168, 19.4%.
None of these, I'm Republican.
And none of the above has got 27.
So maybe you're right.
Maybe that's what they were doing.
Did he ever come back or not?
Oh, no, not yet.
Was he in the magic room or is he just wandering around a building or is he a...
I wish I knew.
I mean, he just had a vodka with a Russian girlfriend.
I mean, what is that?
What's that all about?
Well, I think he's forgotten what it's like when you, you know, if you need to go do something,
you're right when the break starts.
Because yesterday and today, like, he'll be sitting there for the first two minutes of the break.
And then also, I'm gonna get up and walk out.
Like a little, like, a little, like, a little, like, a couple go off over his hand.
Yeah, you know, he had a cell phone call from some of those, a male admirer on the website.
Maybe that's what it is.
That could be it.
Oh, we got 1170 votes in.
We're pleased to just point you about that.
The audience coming through for us.
We'll find out tomorrow morning at 10 o'clock.
10 a.m. sharp.
Whether they really are gonna come through for us with those, the wired, I mean, with those diary.
I want to say, wired diaries, that would be a bad, bad thing to say, wouldn't it?
Yeah.
Like, the ones that they had across the street back in January.
And the ones that they had, I think it was like, either was it a year ago?
How long have they been on the air peddling their swill?
Well, they've had the dolphins for two years, so they've been on the air for almost two and half to three years, I guess?
Yeah.
And when they first went on, I never forget as long as they lived.
They had that one month where they had a few wired diaries, 18 to 34-year-old males.
And every place else, they were like zeroes, you know, zeroes and fractions.
And they started peddling the story, oh, that's gonna be our thing, man.
We're the younger hipster, we got the 18 to 34-year-old males.
And then, of course, after that one month where the bogus said diaries, they all dropped off and they never came back again.
Your boys back.
Oh, our boys back.
Now, where did you go during this break?
Where did you make that?
Where did you make that?
To the magic room.
I tried to make it happen in two and a half minutes, but I guess I couldn't do it.
You just not the expert like me.
I'd been back before the first spot finished, and you know that.
You've seen it.
That's an amazing gift you have.
What do you mean by gift?
It's a gift.
That's a gift.
I looked at how much time I had, and I'm usually decent, but two and a half minutes, I just can't pull it off.
I need to sit there like at least three.
You can't pull it off?
Can't pinch it off.
Oh, I see.
Oh, jeez.
You've got out of practice since you left the film.
For a minute, it's before noon and lunchtime, and he's talking about can't pinch it off.
You know something that sounded a little excretory to me.
Don't be starting with that kind of crap.
Uh-oh.
Anyway, we're kicking ass.
We're going to do our 1200 plus way more than that by the game time.
Aren't you excited?
Chris has all whipped up about it.
And he's always ripping you in ass.
He said you keep wandering around a building.
He said you just don't know how to time your departures there.
Well, you said you sat there the first two minutes of the break, and then all of a sudden in midstream like,
well, I guess it reaches that point where nature is calling.
He's like, well, you know, I'm debating.
Should I?
Shouldn't I?
And then you say, oh, yeah, I better.
I should.
Yes, is it?
Right.
I've been there.
Supposedly writes Larry Bionhart on alternate where in a sustained economic recovery haven since 2002,
part of this is Bush Hot Air and Republican Noise Machine, which the media quotes verbatim,
by a certain measure, however, it's real.
The economy has grown.
Corporate profits are in all time.
High average income is up.
There's a lot of money around.
But the recovery has some really strange features.
Out of these never before seen in a recovery.
On jobs during Bush's first term, the West actually lost private sector jobs.
It finally improved in 2005, and now job creation is almost keeping pace with the increase in population.
Still overall, it's the worst record since Hoover, the fellow who presented over the onset of the Great Depression.
How do you have a recovery without creating jobs?
On income, yes, average income is up during the tenure of the current administration.
The joke about average income is Bill Gates walks into a bar.
The average income of every person in the room immediately goes up 10,000%.
But median income, the amount that people in the middle of the group earn barely budgets.
So let's look at that figure.
median income is down.
The average person makes less than when Bush came into office.
Not only that, the downward pressure on wages is no longer just a blue collar.
As you move up to white collar workers, the educated class even doctors.
How do you have a recovery when people are making less than before the recovery?
Cost of living.
Key factors of the cost of living are much higher than they were six years ago.
In particular, fuel is up 100%, higher education cost up about 44%, health care premiums are up 80% and affordable housing is scarce.
Normally, when the cost of living goes up, we have inflation.
But we've had low inflation during the Bush years.
How can the cost of living go up while the cost of money stays low?
Here's the most peculiar stat of all, the Dow Jones Index.
You may be hearing that the Dow Jones indexes in all time high.
It's true, however, it's only 16% higher than the day George Bush came into office.
By comparison, when Clinton left office, the Dow was 220% higher than when he first came in.
320%.
It's a very rough measure, of course, and there are many others.
But by that measure, during the Clinton years, investment in America's leading business had grown more than three times over.
Under Bush, it's only grown 16% in six years.
Since the consumer price indexes up 18% over the same period, when the new all-time highs adjusted from inflation, growth is effectively below zero.
It's kind of like some numbers we see in those arbitrage.
Oh!
Below zero.
How can there be a recovery in which not even businesses grow?
When a government wants an economy to grow, it throws money at it.
The administration did that with spending on pharmaceuticals, home-line security, and a couple of wars.
But the most important weapon of choice was tax cuts for the rich, especially on unerun-income capital gains and inheritance dividends interest.
This was sold and accepted on the myth that the rich, the investing class, on the most creative and daring members of our society.
Just unleashed them, and now march off into the wilderness, actually urban or cyber, with sacks of cash over their soldiers and able build things.
Factories, airlines, housing, toys, computers, undreamed wonders, and tear-new civilizations with jobs like an AND Rand novel.
But that's not what happened.
Because assured as a cash wasn't the problem, the country of the world is a wash with cash.
The good old risk for rewards versus capitalism, the burgers investing in a daring sea captain sailing to the Indies still exists.
In recent years it's given us FedEx, Walmart, Apple, Microsoft, and Google, but alongside it over the last 50 years, the economy of credit has grown up.
Invest the oversimplified terms of credit economy works like this. You own a house that's worth a hundred grand.
Somebody buys the house no money down, they borrow that money. Let's say it's a straight line 8% 30-year mortgage.
Forget closing costs, points any other complications. That's a $220,000 debt that goes on the bank's books as an asset.
Now you have a hundred grand, the bank's got 220,000 on paper, the buyer has a house worth 100,000.
The bank has a lean on it, but the borrow beginning equity, fuzzy can give a second mortgage and home improvement and not the loans on it.
Again this is a vast oversimplification, but that transaction has created something like 420 grand that is now in play as part of the economy.
No thing has really been created, no new business, no product, no jobs, no idea, no intellectual property, no entertainment, but money has been created.
If you buy a dress on your visa card or organize a consortium to buy a company the same thing happens, debt creates money.
In every transaction there's profit to be taken off the top.
A perfect example of the transformation of our society in a way credit economy is the changing way the way we finance higher education.
States and even cities used to be in the business to building universities that were free or nearly so.
These were financed up, partner tax money is an investment in our human infrastructure. Then in 1965 the student loan program was invented.
This changed the higher education business in a way debt creation business and created a whole new creditor class college graduates who were handed along with their diploma debts of tens to $50,000 or more.
The number one industry in America today is the money business debt swapping.
In a closed economy that might have a positive effect as people look for something to do with their money, not perhaps as a general rule, but an economy like ours handing out money to rich people is the least effective way to make a healthier, stronger economy that benefits society as a whole.
There are two reasons. The first is that the in-ran fantasy is a fantasy. For the most part we're meeting people with millions of dollars getting extra 100,000 or several hundreds of thousands of even millions they invested passively in financial instruments and real estate.
So we get for example a real estate bubble which is worse than a dot com bubble because a dot com bubble is symptomatic of the experiment of investing in new high risk but high reward enterprises that are producing new things.
A housing bubble is symptomatic of lots of money floating around with nowhere productive to go.
The other reason is that in so far as investment does go into business in terms of our society there's a hole in the bucket the hole is called globalization.
I'm writing this on a Mac when I bought it the money went through American Express which took a few points to Apple's headquarters in Cupertino, California where Steve Jobs dipped in his ladle then the rest poured out through a hole in the bottom of China where it was actually made.
That's the economy that statistics describe lots of money is moving as it passes through the company the company profits.
The company has been able to build anything so profits are spent on executive compensation. The actual work is outsourced the money flows out and no jobs are created.
Nor does the actual business grow very much either except as a middle man taking an American money and passing it on a foreign businesses and oil producers.
At the same time this creates downward pressure on normal working people remember those old movies with 100 minutes of factory gate, a format inside with three jobs to give out saying you, you and you the rest of you go home.
Those three lucky stiff didn't demand health insurance pensions of job security now it's India Bangladesh Malaysia the Philippines Mexico Honduras China Korean many others at the gate.
American companies tell the workers they have to be competitive not only do wages go down but benefits begin to disappear.
This is combined strong anti-union anti worker effort by government supporting the anti-union anti worker efforts of major companies.
This may be bad for America as a society but the people in the money business love it. Indeed it's the trick that makes Bush economic work for people in the money business.
Bush enomics that includes anyone who invests in financial instruments the problem with pumping out money printing money is that creates inflation.
Money lenders hate inflation if I loan out money at 8% and by the time the creditor pays it back in place is up 8% and my profit is zero.
The profit margin and lending is in a significant part the difference between the rate of loan and the rate of inflation.
Really high inflation and worse runaway inflation is of course a threat to everyone but moderate inflation with rising wages, favors debtors and hurts creditors.
So how can you pump out money by keeping inflation down and Bush enomics you do it by keeping a lid on earned income.
Even driving it down millions upon millions of people earning a little bit less take away from the pressure of few people earning millions upon millions more.
That along with the flood of low cost goods from low wage countries helps balance out the inflationary pressure of rising costs in certain industries like oil, healthcare, higher education.
It's not a question of conservatism versus liberalism of government versus free markets all economies of necessity are mixed.
All governments are concerned with the wealth of their nation. Government decisions will always affect how business operates.
The question is does the way government spends and invests create a salary in healthier society or does it merely make certain sectors and classes rich while hollowing out our economy?
If we are to invest in public funds through government or borrowing or spending through simply spending tax revenues we have to be aware that rich people running around with bags of money won't necessarily do what's good for the wealth of our nation.
They may run us into bankruptcy the way the smartest guys in the room ran in-ron into bankruptcy.
You following all that now you're watching the bouncing balls?
Yeah.
What when you're making the kind of money you guys are?
Yeah, I really affects us a lot.
And take a puket that Chris 1197 they love us that is scary and what's just happened here?
Oh, that's right. Chopped that damn thing off. Don't you hate when I turn the pot off because I'm in the middle of playing whatever the hell was playing?
Probably something.
He's playing a new record.
We didn't even hear the guy in the deep for a second.
Radio 560.
It's UAM.
This is Brandy Quinn.
Whenever I shape my ball I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
How the hell did she get fired?
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Absolutely.
I highly respect the big one with my eyes.
Who she may say but she ain't.
Here's the bitch you don't have.
A clue why much is still in it.
Somehow she tickles it.
Oh my god, hey.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
How did that damn fraud get fired?
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
The starboard pulls us with both.
Stick to it as we who know should not go.
Do you remember one here?
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
How was that hell bitch?
She get fired.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Where's the bitch bitch should get fired.
She blow, where's the bitch bitch?
She get fired.
She blow, where's the bitch bitch?
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Where's the bitch bitch bitch should get fired.
I think the ending just a visit for me.
I don't know about you, but I like the whole bit.
The whole bit is just fine.
1212 votes, 1212, maybe.
I think that's more than we had at two o'clock yesterday.
And I think that's because we got a trillion people listening number one.
And number two, it's a universal puller.
I mean, anybody with an IQ larger than their thumbnails got an opinion on this.
Unless, of course, it's somebody who's kind of dumb, you know.
Like that.
He reads the book.
Not a magazine, not a sports page.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
Girls gone wild creator Joseph Francis.
The headline in this really cracks me up.
I was in the Harold.
Girls gone wild boss says jail beats Florida.
And who could argue with that?
Girls gone wild creator Joseph Francis granted bail in a federal track
sub-Asian case in Nevada will remain in jail in to avoid being sent back to Florida.
Where judge refused to set bail in a state criminal cases lawyer said Tuesday.
We had hoped he'd be on today.
The French lawyer David Houston said.
But in light of the Florida court ruling, his lawyers decided he should sit tight behind bars and don't know the Nevada.
If he's released on bail, here he could be arrested on the Florida criminal case Houston said.
Francis 34 was taken into federal custody made 14 in Florida.
After serving a criminal content sentence in a separate civil matter, he robbed a Reno on Monday.
He appeared during a hastily scheduled hearing later in the day and stated not guilty of tax evasion.
US magistrate Robert McQuade said bail a 1.5 million cash and imposed other restrictions on his release.
Among other things, Francis, the ones who are home in incline village in Lake Tahoe's east shore
was to surrender his passport, avoid using his private jet and restrict travel between LA County, California and Reno for court appearances.
He was also required to check in daily with court personnel in Southern California.
Arrangements were being finalized for his release when the Florida ruling was issued.
I called off the flight to Houston said if I post bail, Joe Francis goes to Florida and took us a month to get him here.
There's no reason for me to want to send him back to that environment.
To that environment.
Now you could take that a lot of different ways. Of course this guy don't want to go to the slimmer in Florida but nevertheless.
That environment. Florida. Hurricanes. Tornados. Dumbos. Oh my. What is it? Oh my. Oh my. Old Farts.
Now I wonder if we can play old Farts. We can't play regular Farts but what about old Farts?
George Grammer spoke to him for the Florida State and as a matter of fact you know why I haven't even played that today.
Not even just a little bit of it which is bad.
Ain't no Farts sounds anymore. I think a day without just a little tidbit of that is a bad day.
Ain't no Farts sounds like before.
There we go. Doesn't that make you feel better? Yeah a little bit.
I love how you sing along with it every time it's great. Oh yeah I'm good at that.
I can't sing but I sing that one pretty good.
Joe Grammer spoke to him for the Florida State Attorney Steve Meadows said circuit judge D.D. Costello on Tuesday we both Francis Bond on 2003 state charges of using liners and sexual performances.
Inspiring new smiders and sexual performances and prostitution. Oi.
Now maybe you can explain this to me. Okay.
So I've never been able to understand.
I'm just talking generically. I'm not talking about if you met somebody specifically just just was a knockout and you fell head over heels just went nuts.
You know and they were like underage they were 17. Yeah maybe a few months.
I was trying to 18. I could understand that.
But in this particular case we're just in general.
Guys who like young people. I'm not talking about children like your family priest likes.
I'm talking about you know teenagers.
Okay. Why not find somebody who already turned 18? You see what I'm saying?
I would say. Yeah. Do I make a good point?
Yes. I mean personally I don't I don't like girls that are 21.
I'm 21 and up. Really? So they can you know there's no. 19 year old chick came in. Oh yeah. Of course I do. I'm just saying.
Really? You would do her. Now is this the same guy that was saying yesterday about how he wouldn't shoot on his girlfriend?
Or no. I mean you know hypothetically. Oh you you would do her. Have the Fed.
If I didn't happen to have a girlfriend I would. Oh I see.
She also ordered Francis held on new state offenses of possession of a controlled substance and possession of contraband.
Francis was charged with those while in Bay County jail last month.
And if he was accused of driving a jail guard for bottled water.
The swallow unauthorized prescription sleeping medication unauthorized prescription sleeping medication.
Da da da da da. Wow.
Grandler City was disappointed that federal officials in Nevada had granted bond in the tax case.
I'd be disappointed if he were released but at this point I don't think he's going anywhere. He said Francis estimates.
He makes an estimated $29 million a year from videos of young women exposing their breasts and being shown to other sexually provocative situations.
Well what the hell could be wrong with that? Yeah?
The federal indictment handed up in April, Ligges is company's man. Like I said can he find girls who have already turned 18?
Why does he have to use minors? Some girls lie. Yeah right.
Fake ideas that would you say? I don't know what the law says about that.
Did she find some chicken? She showed you an ID and said she was 18 and you did her.
And then all of a sudden they come bust into the door.
Aha. It'd be the guy from Dateline. What's that guy in NBC? I can't think of his name.
Oh god. You know the one I'm in. Yeah.
Come bust into the door with a camera crew. Here we gotcha. Gotcha. She's really only 17.
Well she just showed me ID since it was 18. It's a fake ID. Gotcha.
Because that seems to be the deal, I am. Getcha. Gotcha. Stuff like that.
1219 votes on the pool. Your president and some... Oh and Laura Merkel.
At least he's shaking her hand this time not squeezing her shoulders. Look at the way she's shaking her hand. Like a jellyfish.
She probably thinks boy what a plus. And you know what? She'd be right.
We're going way over 1200 on this pool. I'm actually Chris is going to be running around the building screaming.
He probably got a megaphone. Oh yeah. After the show. We got 1222 votes already. Oh yeah.
You did it. It's all you. Barack Obama. Who's your favorite Democratic candidate?
Barack Obama 379. 31%. Non-immory Republican finally went down a little bit.
232 18.9%. We don't believe you.
A Hillary 169. Little Dennis Kassinich 138. John Edwards 130. And that really nifty expensive haircut.
And that silly as Southern Brawl. Y'all. Bill Virtus. and 71. Microvale 57.
None of the above 35. And Chris Dodd. He stuck there at Onsik.
The radio. 5.60 QAM. Your community might as well hold station.
He presents Ask the Management. Here once again you answer your questions.
The do-face mid-bag manager of WQAM. And one-time boardwalk bitch man.
Jolly Joe Bell. Ho ho ho. How was it known? What was the name of that?
Shoot this Joe Bell back then. Why I still have a case of Rolex knock off of my drunk.
Oh, let's get right here calls now. Shall we?
Is this Joseph Felicia May. Joe Bell here.
This is a courtesy call from American Express. You were account to six months building.
When can we expect you to make a pay? What's your question?
The question Mr. Bell is when? Oh, I know I'm hard here. Oh, hello.
Yes, is this Joseph Bolshevus Bell? Go Bell here. Mr. Bell, but we're about to foreclose in your house.
Oh, we're so thrilled. What's the meaning of this?
We're from the IRS. People should belong needs and come with us please.
So, what do you win for it, Chum?
MWY. WY. You won drunk when you managed? Oh, no, no, no, no.
I was under the influence that I could.
I'm ruined. They took everything. All I have left is my virginity.
A poison, huh? Yeah, a little joke. Oh, look. I dropped the dollar. I'll get it.
Hey, wait up, will you? It's...
What the hell is it? What the hell is it? What the hell is it?
It's...
What the hell is it? What the hell is it?
Ever seen Jolly Jo and Ned baby together? Same person.
233 votes on a pool. I bet your Chris is going to run all over town.
You could use the exercise, by the way.
Hello? Yeah. Okay. No response to that, huh?
Yeah, you could use the exercise? Yeah, of course.
Anyway, I'm noticing that we guys, 12-16, I only have seven minutes left.
I mean, what I need to do in that seven minutes. What do you need me to do now?
I can do it. I can't do anything.
Because I've only played it once. Yeah, yeah. Isn't that correct?
Where's that, y'all? And I threaten to play it again.
See, boy, he might. See, I even saws with like, hooks and concepts, right?
Don't you feel compelled that we need to play it one more time? Yeah, that's good.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay, who says it's not educational show, baby?
You learn a lot from that.
12.19 to QAM.
We got the Marlon Pregame show in 11 minutes at 12.30.
Not that I'm counting.
You understand?
Not at all.
Not at all.
And you got that music cranked up, boy, it's going to be great.
I'm going to make a quick exit out of here.
And my computer's turned off.
How many of hosts we got?
Gentlemen.
Check over right now.
See, you're probably looking at porn sites.
You're not looking at what you're going to do.
How much?
1242.
Yeah.
You've got to be kidding me.
That's a humongous number.
Even Chris is impressed by that.
Oh, very impressed.
Even Mr. Administrator of the Pool is a military pushed out says anti-war veteran.
Veterans protesting the war that's not honorable.
The military says this is from Ross Story.
An anti-war veteran who war is uniformed during your protest of the wreck war would not
have received honorable discharge from the military reserves under recommendations delivered
by Marine Corps panel Monday night.
In a case that former Marine sergeant Adam Cokesh and his supporters, they could become
a landmark in defining the free speech rights.
The panel recommended that Cokesh receive a general discharge under honorable conditions
from the individual ready reserves.
The panel stopped short of recommending the other than honorable discharge that Cokesh
appeared before the panel of protest.
Cokesh said the military recommended the general discharge, which allows him to keep benefits
of 40 veterans in an attempt to make the case disappear.
Cokesh and his supporters say that will not happen and he said he's willing to take the fight
all the way to the federal court of necessary.
You go, boy.
They pushed out and took the easy way out.
He said they could have taken a firm stance one way or the other.
He told Ross Story yesterday if they really believed in what they said they believed in
other than honorable discharge would have been appropriate.
The case hints on military regulations that prohibit active duty troops from wearing their
uniforms during political demonstrations.
Cokesh argued that he wasn't subject to regulations in the uniform code of military justice
because of his membership in the individual ready reserves rather than the active duty
Marines and the Marine Panel agreed he wasn't subject to those regulations.
Members of the military who have served less than eight years have to complete their military
commitment in the IRR which requires they keep in touch with military superiors and be ready
to serve if called upon.
In March Cokesh participated in the demonstration of Washington organized by Iraq veterans against
the war, wearing his desert fatigues with his name rank in the Marine Corps logo removed,
Cokesh and the other demonstrators performed mock patrols of Washington in an effort to show
visitors to the nation's capital what life is like in Iraq.
When he was informed in an email from a superior officer of the possible violation of uniform
code, Cokesh was offended of what he viewed as an attempt to silent the cent among veterans.
He replied to the email and expressed his opinion that the military should have more
important things to worry about and signed off with an expletive, our kind of guy.
FM following that exchange Cokesh was informed that he faced another than honorable discharge
and he and his supporters chartered a bus to Kansas City to appear before the panel yesterday.
The general discharge he received is one step below the honorable discharge he received
when he liked activity.
How do you like that baby?
A fascist in action.
That's America for you man.
Can't complain about our freedoms no more because guess what?
We don't have any.
Now you all sit to a rock and roll here now.
Thanks so I got a full minutes song ready.
Full minutes huh?
Sounds like a deal to me now if I lose today I'm going to be blaming those people who forced
me to go. You know me I'll get ready to lose and get ready to take some crap.
That's what I am.
I'm here to do whatever I can.
We get better on it.
We get better.
More and more and more.
Yes that's good.
We want a nation.
We want a nation.
We want a food and all.
We want a culture.
We want a nation.
We want a nation.
We want a nation.
You laugh off of old man.
I don't move you, man.
I just want to rule.
I don't move you, man.
I don't move you, man.
I never can...
I don't move you, man.
I don't move you, man.
I don't move you, man.
That's what I am.
I'm here to put her acting, be it very fun, say it's a new, or it's me that's my inspiration
I wanna say it's a world I'll do, I wanna twist my heart, I wanna do it
And I wanna twist my heart, I wanna twist my dreams, I'm moving on and I stay, I wanna stay where I am
All together
kt
Na na nam naa na na nae n
na na na na na na na naap
Na na na na na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na nao
I'm too much of a wall, I'm your food today
That's what I'm aiming, I'm just too
Butter I'm aiming, I'm feeling very mornin'
May I have some energy, or any baddies
All this damn thing, I wanna be with you
I wanna be with you, and we be together
You're a great thing
I wanna see you all get beat
I wanna know you're a perfect certainly
