Here he comes, or takes by me, does he? Don't they hurt his wheels?
He's a doctor, but only when he'll take another patient.
He wants to be a star, to feel his dilemma. He'd like to leave, I do it, has to stay to buy.
Some posting on an off-chill camping. Dangerous work.
From all the gravity, ask to stay from, assholes like you.
Okay, we can't say that.
You're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader.
You can't say anything more.
You're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader.
You're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader.
You can't say anything more.
You're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader.
You're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader, you're a drug-reader.
How could things be any work?
I don't know.
I'm meeting my buddies out on the course, they don't play along.
In fact, it's short, T.O.
I make a hole in one.
There's no golf carts and there's no golf prove.
But there's a line house on the 16th hole in color vault.
A half hour in your gun.
The fun is big and that's for sure.
It's just a core set.
Mid-a-chir.
Ramp mothers, grand children, and if couple of teens.
See all kinds of the astro-fierreens going nuts.
The ziggas, buts all summer long.
And there's a windmill and a big churn raft.
If Tiger Woods were here, would you make them laugh?
The regular jules, hitting the length, that's us.
The redneck country club.
The redneck country club.
10-03-56-C-Q-A-M.
Did I ever say 5-60-W-Q-A-M?
Sorry, I'm just getting off the phone with my bokeh over here.
Wait, that's not me.
How you doing, Chris?
You'll get this, frankly.
Yeah, it's a different, completely different show when you have to be involved.
I know.
I know. You have to, um, uh, what is it?
Oh yeah, pay attention.
That's all right, you'll get it.
It took, uh, Josh Cordis about 5 minutes to see how long it takes you.
So we got some business to dispense from, uh, with or of or at.
Over here, a lot of stuff going on today, which is good.
A lot of time killing things so that I won't have to talk a whole lot.
Or at least I will with my mouthful.
Maybe I'll play some long bits.
Maybe I'll play a song.
Because the melting pot is coming in today.
It's melting pot Friday.
Uh, and we don't, uh, have anyone to share it with, unfortunately.
Would be nice, like we could have had suds in here, or some other special guests in here.
Sharing our melting pot food.
Well, where are the suds?
Around.
He doesn't like to come in, uh, you know, like two Fridays in a row.
And I really, um, going to need him for next Friday.
Wow.
Because, uh, you know, after a solid week, yes, that's right.
Don't say you weren't warned.
After a solid week of this, I like to finish it up with a nice, big suds Friday.
Because, you know, you're exhausted by the end of doing a show every week.
Just ask Neil.
Trying to pull material out of your ace.
Trying to get people to talk to you in this town.
Although, you know, I'm here, you know, I'm going to get into this facts a little bit later.
I got a very bigoted fax yesterday.
Because, uh, you know, I was ranting about the illegal aliens.
And they're still saying immigration.
See, here's how you know that the fix is in.
That everybody is out to get you if you work for a living.
You know who you are.
See, here's who I'm not talking about.
People who only own things for a living, and their only job is to count their money.
And that's kind of ties in with this franchise thing.
And that's, that still doesn't, uh, I'm still not talking about them.
You can own a franchise or several and still be, you know, a working person.
It takes energy and effort to manage all of that stuff.
I'm talking about the people, you know, the idle rich.
The people that that's it, they've owned their parents owned the ownership class.
The people that, that one percent that owns the 90 percent.
Those are the people that I'm talking about.
If you're not in that crowd, then I'm talking about you.
You're a working person.
You work, you pay taxes.
You got to get up every morning.
You got to go to work.
Like all the rest of us.
And so we're talking about the illegal aliens yesterday.
And I get this really bigoted fax that I'm going to address.
Because you can't talk about illegal aliens without local bigots starting up crap about the Cubans.
Okay, there's a lot you can say.
Like, yeah, you Cuban sure got a sweet deal.
Okay, and I'll go into it because the deal that me and my family got was sweet.
Not nearly as sweet as the one described in this fax.
And you hear it all the f in time.
But here's the bottom line.
There's no such thing as a Cuban illegal alien.
All right.
That's not my fault.
I didn't make that law.
I didn't create that situation.
You can't call La Migra on a Cuban.
If they're here, there are a lot to be here.
Once upon a time, before the wet foot, dry foot policy, which I also had nothing to do with, Cuba was, you know, it still is a commie country.
So the situation for all commies everywhere was if you can get here, you're allowed to be here.
Whether it was from China or Russia or Cuba or any of those commie countries.
You understand that was a system.
You were a defector.
Remember Moscow on the Hudson?
If you're from a communist country and you can escape, you're welcome here.
And that went for Cuba too.
It was all part of the same special status that commies got.
If you don't like that system, then change that system.
I didn't invent that system.
I didn't create that system.
You bet your suite ass.
My family and I benefited from that system.
But that doesn't mean that anyone in my family came over here illegally and we did not.
And I was talking about illegal aliens.
People who come here against the law and steal jobs from you.
People who work.
That's what they're doing.
They're stealing your jobs.
I'm getting ahead of myself.
I got this old poll to read.
I got the new poll to read.
We got all kinds of crap we can talk about.
Not done.
Beating up on David Chase.
We've got all kinds of other things that we could be talking about.
Like, stay at home dads.
Here's a little bit of a teaser.
Stay at home dads.
Here's what I wrote on my notebook to remind me to talk about it.
Stay at home dads.
Fags or what?
Okay.
Listen.
I just, I mean, what is there to say to that one?
I don't know.
Say something.
React to that.
Stay at home dad.
You meet somebody.
What do you do for a living?
I'm a stay at home dad.
What's your reaction?
I guess your wife is getting paid some good money out on that.
Sure.
There are a lot of different reactions that you could have.
The reason that this started up is
the way she's on these different forums.
You know, posting comments, which is...
What?
Not for me.
How's that?
Hey, honey, great, great.
You're posting comments.
You know, she belongs to all these different groups.
You know, like a belly dance group for example.
And they talk about all kinds of things.
And somebody mentioned something about a stay at home dad blah, blah, blah.
There was some other issue going on.
And my wife made the obnoxious comment.
Well, I didn't think it was obnoxious.
But she pointed out that isn't the fact that this guy's a stay at home dad
a little bit more important than what this other issue is.
And everybody jumped on her.
All these women, all these cackling hands in that forum.
What's wrong with you?
What's the century do you live in?
That's, there's anything wrong with a man staying home and taking care of the kids while the woman goes on works.
Like, right, no, in theory, right, there's absolutely nothing wrong with that.
Except that in reality when you, like let's say you're at a party or something or attending some other social event.
Like you're getting together with the boys to play football or, you know, or watch it or something like that.
You're getting together with the boys.
And there are people there that you haven't met before and you're doing that introduction thing.
And it's like, what are you on the doctor?
What are you on the account?
And what do you do?
I dig ditches for living.
What are you on the construction worker?
You go, you know, all around the line.
What do you do?
I'm a house husband.
What's the reaction from the other males in that peer group?
Ah, okay.
I'm a homemaker.
I'm a stay at home dad.
I clean the toilets.
There's nothing wrong with that, right?
I guess.
Nevertheless, all the other men in the group got to go, you know, kind of purse their lips to keep from getting caught smiling.
I'm just saying is that maybe we'll take a poll on that on Monday.
Maybe we'll switch this one because this is boring as hell.
Maybe that's what the poll should be for the weekend.
Maybe I'll change that on Friday so that we get a whole bunch of votes during the show, which for some reason is important.
And you know, we're not going to make our thousand.
We started this thing at 930.
Yeah, I'm thinking about 200.
Yeah.
No, during the show, no, we'll get like 500 or something.
Well, it's Friday.
See, the way it works is we'll get the exact same number of votes by the time we change the poll anyway.
The poll is on for 24 hours, whether I change it or whether the meal changes is, I change it in the morning and he changes it in the afternoon.
The reason that I like to change it in the morning is so that we can talk about it.
You, me, Josh, Cortus comes in, Miguel, salespeople, we can confabulate with each other.
And also, if someone wanted to add something to the poll right now, it actually has a chance.
You see, so that's my preference.
And another thing, I'm lazy.
I don't want to work on this in the afternoon.
It's bad enough I got to do those stories.
God, they're on there.
Go read some stories.
The government is doing evil things.
Not just the Republicans.
This time, the Democrats, their stuages, their tools are in on it.
Everybody's looking to FU, especially with regards to this, what they're calling the immigration reform.
Nobody is having a problem with immigration.
We're having a problem with illegal aliens, and that doesn't have anything to do with Cubans
by bigoted facts or friends, and I will get to you.
But first, let me get rid of this poll from yesterday.
It's going to take me an hour to read this thing.
I'm going to do 1,500 votes even.
On the poll from yesterday, the TV dad, which TV dad, would you have preferred as your own?
I'm not going to read all of these, am I?
No.
Tony's a pran of the sopranos 178.
I thought about voting for him.
He doesn't understand it because he never saw the show.
But Tony's pran would be an excellent dad.
He's overindulgent.
AJ can do nothing wrong.
AJ does nothing right.
He only does everything wrong, and he only ever gets rewarded for it.
Tony's pran horrible dad.
We all wanted AJ to kill himself.
Oh, please, AJ, kill yourself.
Oh, please, drown in the poll!
You sack a crap!
Did anybody like him as a character?
AJ, what a waste.
What a waste of a flesh.
What a waste of a character.
And just when you thought that he was on the verge of being likable,
because he was getting his own panic attacks and everything like that,
he just got flakier and flakier and more depressed.
And then, you know, like the crybaby, crybaby with a therapist.
And I like Tony's line.
He had every advantage he could possibly have.
Remember that when he was talking?
Oh, you didn't want to?
I've never seen sopranos in my life.
That was actually while you looked out.
But I thought that was a good thing.
The kids trying to kill himself, and he's talking to Melfi, his psychiatrist about it.
You know, every possible advantage he could have.
I gave him every possible advantage he could have.
One little bump in the road and he goes all to pieces.
That's right.
You worse.
You worse AJ.
You crybaby teenage suicide.
Worse.
Kind of a pathetic piece of crap has advantages like that and tries to kill themselves.
So yeah, Tony soprano would have been a good choice in he won.
Homer Simpson, the Simpsons 168.
Okay, for comedy sake, but Homer's a nutrocious dad.
Come on.
You could do whatever the hell you wanted, but he's a complete failure as a father.
I mean, seriously?
Come on now.
And I love the Simpsons obviously, and we have the Simpsons plate in our China cabinet.
It's very proud.
It's our favorite heirloom, but Homer would be a nightmarish father to have in reality.
Al Bundy married to children.
Same thing.
No, you know, lots of freedom.
Some of us had nothing but freedom.
And very little to nothing else when we were growing up.
Let me tell you, there's more to childhood than having a whole lot of freedom.
Like having a little bit of parental supervision.
Somebody that can get you to the movies on time.
Somebody that will pay for a meal.
These things are important too.
Besides just for him, Gomez Adams, the Adams family.
Neal didn't understand that.
They're rich.
The kids can do whatever the hell they want.
They live in a haunted house playground.
That was a good choice.
Jed Plymouth at the Beverly Hillbillies.
Bad choice.
Jed's rich, but he never gave Jethro oney money.
50 cent a week allowance.
That's all Jethro was allowed to have.
You know, I think I've seen maybe two minutes of that show.
Dealy.
Yeah.
Funny show from the very beginning.
They started out in black and white.
They ripped everything.
They made fun of every social convention.
They scazed everybody on that show with the Beverly Hillbillies.
It was very funny.
People don't give it as much credit as they should.
Tim, the tool man Taylor.
There's another one I saw maybe five minutes of.
89 votes for that.
The only time that I ever really saw it was if I was flippin' channels.
And they had the tool time girl on.
Yeah, I'm telling you.
That was a break really late, but I want to get done with this before we go into stuff.
Full catch up.
What are the breaks like today?
Are they strong?
They're usual day.
All right.
Andy Taylor, the Andy Griffiths show.
We're going to take our time with this as I can see.
All right.
All right.
Good dad.
I'm trying to think of, you know, boring.
But if your dad is the cop, the only, you know, one of two, he's the sheriff in a small town.
And he takes you fishing and he's got good values and everything.
It's like, ah, these people are voting for Andy Taylor.
Ben Cartwright, which was what I voted for, 52.
And here's my rationale.
Ben Cartwright is loaded, first of all.
The Ponderosa is this huge, like the size of a state.
If you ever watch Benanza, the Ponderosa ranches huge.
It takes days to ride around the perimeter of it.
You got your own horse, at least one.
You're going to be made to do some work, but you're working on your own land.
Your father's land.
And you got your own horse and you're just riding around like you could say, like a chore for you would be,
I'm going to go ride the perimeter today, dad.
Just check the fences and whatnot.
How cool would that be?
I guess you'd have to be an outdoorsy kind of person, someone who enjoyed riding horses, but it's like,
if you had a rich rancher dad, and you had your own horse and you could just go ride out into your giant,
you know, swath of property, acres and acres and acres of property with mountains and creeks and woods,
that would be paradise for me.
You'd want for nothing.
You don't think that the Cartwrights ate well?
Hop, same, could really, you know, he could hop and sing.
If you watch that, you know they ate well, right?
Yeah.
They had great outdoors, so I voted for Ben Cartwright.
Ward Cleaver, leave it to Bieber.
Another one, another one, very boring, but a good dad.
Therefore you kind of dad, 48 votes.
Clif Huxable, the Cosby Show 47.
All right.
Again, money.
But see, if you have Clif Huxable as your dad, then you have to have that woman, that Felisa Rashad,
the most green, persimmon, sucking, negative character I've ever seen on TV that I can think of.
She was just very, very unlikable, and I'd seen her in interviews and stuff like that.
Just a very smug, obnoxious, unlikable person.
And then I'm gonna stop there because we got all in the family, Archie Bunker, all in the family of 40 votes.
You don't want Archie Bunker, is your dad?
What do you people think?
It's funny for us to watch, but if Archie was really your dad, you would grow up to be a...
Oh, you'd grow up like Gloria for Christ's sakes.
What kind of positive values are you gonna get from him?
And the best you can do is a Michael, a Michael Spiddick, a meathead.
That was one of the good things about that show, is that even though you might have philosophically agreed with him, nobody liked him.
You liked Archie. Archie was wrong on every issue, but you liked him.
Michael was right on most of the issues, but he was obnoxious and you know, he was adorking and you can stand him.
10-16 on all late breaking radio, 5-60 WQAM.
More breaking news now, the Paracilton developments today.
Paris Hilton's medical condition is stable.
Oh, man!
Back to you!
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Here.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
How the hell did she get fired?
I don't know if the bitch bitch should get fired.
A highly respected court with water.
She's up.
Who she may say but she ain't.
Here's the bitch who told her.
A cool one, but she still went and went somehow.
She tickles that pain.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
How did that sound brought you to the higher?
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
The star will push all the women both.
Stick to it as we know should not go.
Shoot up along here instead of teaching gathered regions.
And stop destroying our show.
She flew.
Twice the bitch should get fired.
She flew.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
How was that hell did she get fired?
I don't know if the bitch should get fired.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
Twice the bitch bitch should get fired.
She flew.
How did that sound brought you to the higher?
Twice the bitch should get fired.
Yeah, 1022-560-QAM.
So here's the new poll.
I'll revisit the daddy poll.
I don't know.
Throughout the day if we get bored, I'll know.
I did print up some stories.
Not that I'm going to read them necessarily,
but I'm just going to mention them and talk about them.
And please go to the website,
nailriders.com and read those stories.
Or click on them.
You don't have to actually read them.
But if you click on them, it'll look like you read them.
Because Neil likes to look at that stats page.
And if there are a lot of hits on those stories,
he'll feel like he's doing something worthwhile.
And even while he's gone,
even though I'm doing the stories, he'll feel like it was worth my time.
And somebody read some of those stories about the evil deeds
that your government is doing to you.
Both sides, neither there is no party.
There is no political party in this country
that represents the people who work.
The people who get up every morning drive their car
through congested traffic to go to work
and try to pay their bills.
Their tax is their mortgage and everything like that
whose struggle to make ends meet.
And I'm not going to use the word poor
because I don't know who they're talking about
when they use the word poor.
They're talking about people who work.
They shouldn't be poor.
Are they talking about people who don't work?
They shouldn't be breathing.
If you don't work, F-auth.
You're not working for a living?
I got no compassion for you.
I have compassion for the 240 million
out of 300 Americans who get up and go to work every morning
or at night or whenever the hell their shift is.
They don't have enough.
Yet they work.
And still they don't have enough.
That's who I give a crap about.
The vast majority.
And in democracy, guess who's supposed to be getting their way?
Guess who's supposed to be getting represented?
The majority.
And we're not getting representation.
Illegal aliens for some reason get representation.
Somebody is very interested in accommodating
a whole bunch of millions of illegal aliens.
And I don't know who that is.
Well, actually I do know who that is.
Big business.
Big business does not want to pay you what you are worth.
So they're going to A, ship the jobs overseas,
using your tax dollars to do so, first of all.
And second of all, when they can't do that
or when it's not expedient to do that
or when they've already done that enough,
they're going to ship illegal labor in the world.
And then they're going to ship it into the country
and give them your job.
And it is your job.
See, that's how supply and demand and free enterprises
are supposed to work.
I want a dollar for this product.
That's too much.
Okay, how about 90 cents?
That's too much.
How about 80 cents?
Okay, I'll give you that.
The same principle applies to labor.
Will you do this job for a dollar an hour?
No, how about two dollars an hour?
No, how about three dollars an hour?
Okay, it goes like that.
Both the owner and the potential employee
have bargaining power.
Your labor has a value.
And they don't want to pay you what your labor is worth.
But they will pay someone else
because they have to take less money
because they're in the country illegally.
And if they weren't in the country illegally,
my bigoted, faxing friend,
then they wouldn't have to work under the table.
They wouldn't have to work for less money.
They wouldn't have to accept whatever kind of a deal
a prospective employer offered them.
Because they don't have an option
when they're in the country illegally.
They have to take what they can get under the table.
And so they do not pay taxes and all this other crap.
Well, they pay to take the social security out.
They do what they want to do
because they're paying it under the table.
So anyway, I'm still getting ahead of myself.
Let me explain the new poll.
Go to NeilRudges.com.
Go to the poll.
What franchise?
Which franchise?
Do you wish you owned one or several?
Let's say for the sake of the argument
that you get to pick one for starters
and assuming that you manage it well,
you'll make enough money to be able to buy another one
and grow and expand and everything like that.
And the list that we started with,
and we added a few to it,
the list that we started with,
I took right off of the top franchise opportunities
based on popularity or profitability
or I don't know how they ranked it,
but they had a ranking of top 500.
I started it out with the top 30,
and then we added a few to it.
McDonald's is winning.
International Continental Hotel Group is in second place
with 12, and I almost voted for that,
but I voted for days in whatever hotel.
They just decided I wanted a chain of hotels.
That would be cool because that way
you got a place to stay wherever you go.
And you're always traveling,
and that sounds like fun.
Now, I do understand the popularity of McDonald's
and I guess people are thinking about making a profit,
and that's why they want a McDonald's
so that they can make a profit.
That's fine.
Profit is good.
I think you can make a profit with any of these
if you manage it correctly.
I was thinking more along the lines of which chain
or what kind of business would be the most fun
or useful to own.
Like obviously owning a cold-stroke creamery
would be great.
Ooh, free, delicious ice cream all the time.
So, you know, in a year when you die from choking
on your own fat, you would have had a really good time.
So let me run down the list real quick.
And if you don't know what some of these are,
that's too bad I got them off the list.
I can explain them, but, you know, I won't right now.
And we're up against the break again.
So let me do this quick.
McDonald's 33 International Hotel.
By the way, when you look at the poll before you vote,
the order that you see those at is the rankings.
And then the ones at the bottom weren't in the top 30 at all.
Like Burger King, Chick-fil-A, things like that.
All the Chick-fil-A is doing very nicely.
And rightly so, they weren't even on the list.
So when you see the top 30, when you go to vote,
that's ranked in order of whatever they ranked them at on this website.
Dunkin' Donuts 11, 1D's 9,
Sonic, Drive & Restaurants 8, Chick-fil-A 7,
also Hampton in, Hampton in Suites 7.
I'm just going to say Hampton in when I say that.
Krispy Kreme 6, Subway 6.
Subway was number one, by the way.
Subway seems to be the most popular franchise for some reason.
I guess return on investment, something like that.
Cold Stone Creamery 5, UPS stores, mailboxes, etc. 5, I guess the same thing.
Those are handy, by the way.
I wouldn't mind having some of those, but I'd still rather have hotels.
Century 21, 4, 3, each 4 Burger King,
Daysin, and Matt Coe, and Curves, and Papa John.
They all got 3.
Remax, Jiffy Loop, Dominoes, and 7-11 got 2.
7-11 almost voted for that.
How convenient would it be to own convenience stores all over the place?
Wouldn't that be, what's the word, convenient?
So I don't know why they're doing so poorly.
Budget Blinds,
Cumin, Cumin, KUMON, KUMON,
KUMON, never heard of these people.
Math and Reading Center, Supplemental Education Places, 1.
Super 8 Motels, 1, minus 1, Ace Hardware, 1.
Jackson Hewitt Tax Services, 1, and no votes yet for Supercuts,
Cam Dry, Surf Pro, Jan Pro,
Merle Norman Cosmetics, Liberty Tax, and Janicking.
Come on now, Janicking, everywhere you go, you got a janitor.
And they got no votes out of 147.
1029, on All Franchise Radio, 560 WQAM.
Gave up the sports car for the minivan.
You gave up poker night, Monday night football,
and when the kids came along, your wife gave up sex.
You were given up so much to be a dad.
And last Father's Day, your family uttered you by giving you a tie.
A freaking tie?
This Father's Day, come on down to the place you deserve.
Pookers and Beer.
The name says it all, it's...
Pookers.
Me and Daddy, you look so good.
And Beer.
Lots of it.
What you really want for Father's Day.
Pookers and Beer.
Downtown.
So anyway, yeah, we'll take that immigration poll
even though I know what the answer is.
I know exactly how this audience feels.
Everyone who works for a living is really pissed off about the fact that businesses
make it worth the while of illegal aliens to come into the country and work for cheap.
Because they don't want to pay the legal residents.
Let's just call them all, you know, a blanket term.
American citizens or people who are in the country legally,
who have waited online patiently, who have done all the proper paperwork to be here legally.
Businesses don't want to pay legal workers' money because the legal workers
will actually ask for the money that they are worth.
What the minimum wage says that they're entitled to, things like that.
So let me get to this poll, I already got to the poll.
Let me get to this facts that came in towards the end of the show yesterday.
During the last break when we were already out of here, I had one bit to go
and here's a hand writing that I've seen before.
Vincent Tropicals.
Vincent's Tropicals, thank you.
Very bigoted facts.
And I've heard this all my life.
And here's the thing.
I saw an interview with someone once upon a time.
This was years ago when some immigration issue was going on.
Maybe during the 80s amnesty, that first amnesty wave, which is wrong, completely wrong.
And she made a good statement that I think I'll quote.
She said, people look at immigration through rose-colored glasses in reverse.
And I thought, huh?
And she went on to explain that people see their own family's immigration story.
As something that's proud, you know, that's something that's like worth telling a story about.
Like my family came to Ellis Island in 1910 with just the clothes on their backs.
And they didn't know any English, but they applied themselves.
And they learned English.
And they started their own business.
And things like that.
And it's like, you hear the violence and everything.
And it's all great and wonderful and proud.
But then they talk about other people.
And other people's immigration situation with contempt.
And they're like, they don't get out of these people.
They don't get out of these people coming over here.
Forgetting, of course, that that's what the people in America were saying about them when they came over here.
So let me just put it straight.
Let me read the facts first of all.
They got me all pissed off because I'm tired of hearing this kind of crap.
And if there is a statistic, if there is something that this faxer can send over to me to back up any of their bigoted statements,
then I'd like to see them because see, I have insight because I'm one of these people that they're talking about.
So I actually have a memory of it.
My family has a memory of it.
I grew up hearing stories of our situation and how we came to be in this country.
Family members all the way back to the 1800s have been in this country.
Family members of my grandma was born in New York.
And family members in New York, in North Carolina, in Tampa, freaking Florida, and here.
And in Cuba, my family was coming to the Eastern Seaboard of the Americas since the 1800s.
All over it.
All right.
Add Ellis Island and here, and freaking port of Miami, and freaking Miami International Airport.
So I know all about how Cubans come to America, how they're allowed to come to America.
All of the special advantages that Cubans got.
You betcha.
But not illegally, see.
So here's the facts.
What about the Cubans?
Huge, huge, written, huge.
What about the Cubans' exclamation mark?
Are you ready for this?
Because there's a nice list here.
Yeah, they arrive and get cash dollars.
Really?
Plus food stamps.
Really?
Actually.
That's true.
I'll explain.
And welfare, really?
Unemployment checks.
Really?
Etc.
The money put into the Social Security system by the illegals.
What?
So illegal's put money into the Social Security system?
They even want back.
I don't even know where to start.
So let's start at the top.
I don't remember any cash.
Neither does any member of my family.
And every time that I hear something like this, I'll call up.
And Uncle's brothers, did we get a bag of cash?
No.
Here's what you get.
You get a little ditty bit, like a little gift bag.
Like the kind that you get.
Like when you go to a convention or a mind bag, when a little plastic, maybe it was paper, maybe a little paper sack.
And there's a starter kit in there, which includes one book of food stamps.
Which I wish was not there.
I wish was not there so that I can say I never ate food bought with a food stamp.
I really wish.
But there's one book per person in there.
I don't know what the dollar amount was.
$20, $100, I don't know, of food stamps.
And then there's some basic necessities in there.
I think there's some toothbrushes, toothpaste, stuff, forget what.
If any of the ruffs out there are listening right now, and I know there are many.
Why don't you call and share your story?
Because I was only four years old.
So I remember bits and pieces, but the adults that were with me, they like to repeat this story all the time.
And then of course you're told where to report for your medical stuff.
Which is kind of too pronged, yes, the kind people of the United States want to make sure that I'm healthy.
But there's an interest there.
They also want to make sure that I'm not diseased.
So you have to report for the medical attention where they will make sure that you're healthy.
And then inoculate you with all kinds of stuff.
You see this right here?
You see the smallpox vaccine that I have on my arm?
You don't have one.
But I do.
Because I'm a wreath.
Because we, the refugees, have to be immunized against things that you people don't have to be.
Because we don't trust you.
Fine.
Happy.
Thank you for the plane ticket.
See here's the thing.
And here's another thing that you might not know.
Cubans don't get green cards.
They get white cards.
They get social security cards.
So they're paying into social security from day one when they start working legally.
Like I did when I started working at 14 and have been working ever since I've been paying taxes and paying into social security since I was 14 years old.
And my social security card came in the mail when I was 12.
Because that's what it means to come into the country.
League of Lee.
All right.
No bag of money.
No welfare.
As a matter of fact, and I've said this before, before we were allowed to come into the country waiting almost two years filling out paperwork in Cuba.
But my family was over here on this side filling out paperwork in order to help us come over here.
And part of the paperwork that the family over here on this side of the border had to fill out was financial responsibility papers.
And people come, oh, you can get around that.
Are you implying that that's the scam done?
My family wanted to get around the financial responsibility papers that, and then once I came over here and turned 18, I had to fill out a whole stack of them for the family members that were still in Cuba.
My brothers, or at least one of them, and their family.
We're all here now, so everything's fine.
But you don't have to fill out paperwork, my good friend, my good native born American.
You and your family do not have to fill out paperwork that disqualifies you from applying for welfare or any other kind of government aid.
Do you? You didn't have to do that, did you?
Now, my family did that on behalf of all of our other family members.
We promised that we will not go on welfare.
We promised that we will not allow our family members to go on welfare.
And that's on file so that when the government sees your welfare request, they can pull out another piece of paper that says,
your family members promised to take care of you, you're not eligible.
That's what all that paperwork means.
Before you're allowed to come into the country, you have to promise not to be on welfare.
And your family over here has to promise to take care of you if you should try to get on welfare.
So there goes your welfare argument, my bigoted, huh? They just signed it, huh?
Vincent's Tropicals.
Remember that came from unemployment checks? Unemployment checks? Unemployment checks come from unemployment insurance.
You can't collect that employment if you never worked, or if you can't legally show that you worked.
And if you're working under the table as an illegal alien, you can't produce something like a paste dub, or what is it, or a W2 to collect your unemployment.
I don't know how unemployment is collected. You know why I don't know how unemployment is collected?
Because I never collected any.
Because I've always been employed.
Which I don't know who wrote this, and I don't know what about you.
We don't know anything about you, or your family situation. But let me just say this.
About your family situation.
I don't know who you are, any of you, anybody listening. I don't know who you are when you came to America.
And if your skin isn't red, your family came to America at some point.
And they did not learn English faster than my family. And they did not take more from social services than my family.
All right? Or less. That's what I'm in to say. They did not take any less than my family.
You haven't paid more in taxes than my family. All right?
So if your immigration story is squeaky clean and proud, I got you.
Me and my family were right there with you, if not better than.
So all you bigoted bungholes who like to spread false rumors about other ethnic groups just because it's the thing to do because they...
From your rude, fatless little pig!
From small mark, the Alec Baldwin line of Father's Day cards. Just right when dad's an asshole.
10 to 11.560 QAM. And just to dispense with one more thanks last time we discussed this issue.
Somebody, he was an obnoxious Ojón provocateur as they call him. In other words, just somebody who calls to have a problem with everything I say all the time.
And just to dispense with him if he should try to call again.
What I believe in is a universal and fair immigration system that first and foremost considers the value of the individual or individuals
above any other consideration. When determining whether or not they should be allowed to enter the United States.
Does that make sense? You have to have some immigration immigration is good if the people who are being allowed to immigrate are good people.
And so I believe in an immigration system that considers who it is that wants to come in, how and if they will benefit the United States of America.
And then we create a nice fair quota system to allow a nice balanced mix of people from all over the world to come in based on once again what?
How good they are or how able they are to contribute to the United States of America. Like if we need computer engineers, then computer engineers will be given some points.
I guess there is a point system is what they use. And if you believe that reuniting families should be worth some points then by all means assign some points.
And if you believe that someone's presence in a politically oppressive regime such as Cuba or China or North Korea, if you believe that that is worth some points then by all means assign some points.
But since because I might be accused of being biased with regards to what is worth points or more points or what the point system should be.
I will just opt out of that discussion. How is that?
Y'all discuss it amongst yourselves and decide what is worth more points if you will. And I will just stay out of that discussion.
But that is what I believe. And as far as my countrymen, former countrymen, my cousins from that island going everything, you want this system to.
Because you don't want people like that bigoted facts or being able to say that kind of crap about you. Every time that you are given any kind of preferential status, people are going to use that against you.
They are going to throw that in your face and you won't be able to say I'm just like you, I'm just like everybody else. And that's what you want to be able to say.
I didn't get a deal that was more special than your deal. That's what you would like to be able to say.
So if you are from the island, you would also support a nice, fair, even-handed immigration system. And you know what?
We're good enough to compete with that, with that criteria. And if you're not, then you don't deserve to be here. QA Am Hello.
Hello. Yes. Yes. Yes. How you doing? Sorry if I'm a particular, if you are, but I'm also pure American. And I happen to be the generation. I might be 12 or 15 years older than you.
Okay. So I am from the Peter Pan era. I came over Peter Pan. Well, not Peter Pan flights. I'm sorry. Freedom flights. I always get. I want to say Peter Pan because of the peanut butter.
Peter Pan. So when we, I came here, it came out long. I was 10 years old. I came up to plane. And I was playing with a bass. That I was supposed to go.
Okay. We're not going to get a long line of hearts and string stories. But I just need you to verify that you didn't get a bag of money.
No bag of money. We were sent down to a place called, uh, close to what went. And now is the, uh, the, uh, coming out of the airport, the, uh, all of that area used to be just wildlife.
Well, good. Well, good. Stamps and employment checks. Rating on my right. Right. Right. Right. Right. And as the point I want to make, what was, uh, are that, uh, uh, I pay my taxes. I got married. I have children. I have a house.
Uh, and the people now that are coming that we kind of paid their way for them to have a better life. They don't really, they don't understand that.
Look, those people that are coming out, I don't know from them. They, they don't look like me. They don't act like me. They're not my family members.
They look like the people that were throwing garbage and insults at us when we were getting onto the plane.
They were talking about how much fun they were going to have moving into our house.
And, and so the legal immigrant is our complain that we have to socialize or have their health or education.
I'll, I'll subsidize the gas that we pour on them. And even the people are, the people are man are going off the war.
And, uh, we're getting killed. Uh, I think I'm going to bet the war we're at war.
Sure. And I will.
You know, I've been going to be a little, uh, I thought of that boy.
You hear that? You hear that? They're having sex with your women while you're out at war.
He's family members. Where's this going to end? You know, uh, uh, it's like, uh, you know, uh, wow.
You really going to motivate people with that now?
Yeah. All right. Congratulations. You have a great.
I appreciate that. The bottom line, what I would like to say to this facts person is I entered the country.
If you want to say I got a sweet deal, then fine. I got a sweet deal because of political pressure that other countrymen, uh, created when they were over here.
And you can't buy political favors with food stamps, my friend.
You can't buy special political consideration with food stamps and welfare checks.
You have to have a lot of money to move politics in your favor and they did that.
My family waited almost two years filling out paperwork to come over here legally and that's the story for most of us.
And you can't call on me, grah on any Cuban. So I'm talking about illegals who are here without permission.
If you want to screech about how many Cubans are over here, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Fine. Fine. Fine. Bothered you? Fine. You have every right to be bothered. But guess what? They're not here illegally.
None of them are here illegally. Everyone is here with permission.
QIAM, hello.
You can go anywhere.
Yeah, yeah, you are. QIAM, hello.
Oh, George. I came here from a greater.
Yeah. QIAM, hello.
Now you're supposed to be in the land, George.
I beg your pardon? Your pussy is blue.
Yes, yes, yes. You wish.
4-11 on having the dump all day radio 560 WQAM.
I've seen this and it's back to the coaster wagon for you. Why don't you try and help me get down to good mood?
Hi, Dad. Hello, boys.
This man right here. He's like your father. You could bring it to him. He'll sell a beach.
You're so much harder, please. But Mother Rises, why can't I deny?
Somewhere in his evilness there's a goodness I can find. Waited down inside of Dad, yeah.
Gentle and so kind.
Damn right. So excuse me if I'm cruel.
Gentle and so kind.
There we go. Now if you'll get out of my way.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
There's a man who had a fair with all those other frogs who'd worked down her house and then shot my dog who spent so many nights in trouble with police
30 years in a penitentiary. I know I lay on down when he wanted me to be the sacrificial gift for a taken worship thing.
But that we per day, I didn't even love the word.
When I just should be tried, let me say it now. Happy Father's Day.
Happy Father's Day. Let's hear it for Dad and bail Dad out of jail on Father's Day.
Happy Father's Day.
You like your friends?
Shut up or I'll shut you up.
I can be a jerk and no one can stop me.
I'm a sandwich and a nervous.
Turn on my way, jerk ass. Don't call me Dad.
Love it on a 2 560 WQAM 567 0560 is our number that's in data and Broward.
If you have AT&T or Verizon, you can call for free on your cell phone just dial pound 560.
The toll free number outside the two counties is 877 785 6345.
Give us your immigration story. Tell us about how you got bags of money when you came over here.
It was the same thing. The system generally speaking for legal immigrants has changed.
I don't know. I don't know what it was like to immigrate in the 1800s and 1900s.
I saw that gangs in New York, seeking a suitable intellectual martin's horse, A.C.
It could have been a good movie. Maybe with some editing, some re-editing would be good.
Is it a documentary? Is it a love story? Is it a historical drama?
Let's make it everything. Can't do that, Martin.
But you saw that, right? I've seen parts of it.
You know, they were getting off the boat and they were getting right back onto the other one.
They were shipping them off to go to the Civil War and everything like that.
Bleak. But nevertheless, you know, those people didn't have a whole lot of options.
They were starving Irish mofos coming over here because of that potato famine.
And that's another thing that gets me.
Everybody else's immigration story is so proud. You were slumber.
You were sucking canal water wherever it is that your family was from.
And so you came to America. But that's not okay for other people.
Yeah, I get it. It's called hypocrisy is what it is.
And if you think that the inn is full, then fine. Close the door.
When people knock on it, you say you can't come in.
See, we knocked on the door and the government of the United States said,
here's a bunch of papers that you have to fill out.
And your family over here has to fill out all these papers.
And then we'll do some checks. We'll check your paperwork.
We'll do some background checks on you. And we'll decide whether or not you should be allowed to come in.
And what do you know? We got rubber stamped after waiting almost two years.
So there. So if your immigration story isn't at least as clean or at least as honorable,
you got nothing to say to me. Or any member of my family or anyone I shared DNA with or anyone they know.
That has nothing to do with people streaming across the border against the law without knocking on the door,
breaking and entering, stealing your job.
Underlining your ability to bargain for the value of your labor,
taking that option away from you, that's theft. And these people right now, right now in Congress,
they're looking at a way to accommodate them and the people who want to hire them for about half of what they can be hiring you for
because they don't want to pay you what you're worth.
So they're going to hire a bunch of illegal aliens and pay them under the table because they're willing to work for it
because they don't have any options because they're here illegally and that's where we came in.
I'm looking over this father's list. This father's which father would you like to have?
It doesn't make any sense. For example, right up here close to the top with 28 votes, red forming from that 70s show.
Now, if you've seen the 70s show even once, you know that red form is an A-hole.
Correct. He's a mean man. That's why, you know, I guess there's comedy there.
I guess the show was funny for about five minutes.
Neil was very, very turned off by the FES character and I don't blame him.
What a, what a mincing list being nobody likes that speaking of that.
I got a little story from rollers getting last night about a mincing queen.
Hitting on will make up his name. He made up his own name.
He wanted to be called Vincent Del Colondini.
One of a, an associate in a quaint and showed up with a female friend.
We had a great time and boy, there was a screamer hitting on him.
And you know, he was hitting on him because you know the rule applies.
Was he talking to him? Yeah, did he have to? No, then he was hitting on him.
And here's the thing there. Now, that's not, it's not the same thing as Gator,
but you know there are certain characteristics that will identify dudes.
Is gay, for example, if they were clogs, right?
You're laughing. You thought of that one, but you're laughing, right?
Well, if they were clogs, they're not from, you know, the hometowns of where clogs are worn.
What, where, where is that?
Uh, gayville. No, like fairyville, fairy town.
Netherlands. Yes. Oh, not to.
You mean like wooden shoes that you did the clogs?
Yeah. And they were actually in the 80s. I saw some guys in high school wearing them.
Cubans, of course. I thought, man, oh come to Montana with me so that my friends can just laugh.
They'll laugh for a week at your outfit.
Those little gay slip on shoes or those clogs, either one.
But, um, guys with long hair and then they're using their sunglasses as kind of a headband.
You know what I'm talking about? To keep their hair out of their face?
Oh, yeah. They got their glasses up and their hair is all behind it.
So it's like, it's not a headband. It's my sunglasses.
Do you ever run around with your glasses on top of your head?
I mean, you don't have any hair anywhere. Where glasses were?
Right. But, well, I wear sunglasses. They go in my shirt or in the, you know, in the, uh, whatever.
The little cubby hole, little cup holder there in the car. I went on that using them.
But he had some longish hair, shoulder length, and he had his glasses, like a headband,
and then he's asking the, um, the guy Vinny. He's asking the guy Vinny.
Hey, where does the, um, you know, what do you have to do to get some attention at the snag bar over here?
And then he's like, why are you asking me?
And so I answered the guy and apparently he didn't want to talk to me because I'm not as cute as Vinny.
And I said, you just stand there and look desperate. Eventually somebody will pay attention to you
and he gave me this look, like, I wasn't talking to you.
And then later on, finally, he gets his sodas and you're going to like this, Chris.
He does a, you've seen figure skating, right?
Yeah. You've seen the things where, like, where the guys like they skate really straight,
like getting very graceful, you know? He's got his sodas and he's doing that kind of skating right past us.
Like, like, oh my god, he just, he floated by. He just floated by.
That's a lie.
And we all laugh. We did a, okay.
As if the glasses on your head and the fact that you're talking to this guy for no reason wasn't enough
that just sealed it for us. Kiwaiam hello.
A lot of honey that's going to be last night. Yeah.
Morning, how are you?
I'm doing fine.
I'm Dutch. I've clogged at home from Holland, but I'm not gay, dude.
I'm wearing them in the yard. So when I come inside, I just put them in, or I walk around.
I know that people see you wearing them, right?
No, dude.
All right. I think the role of laying is a little gay, too. Come on.
Well, I don't roll a blade. I roll a skate, but I actually do roll a blade, too.
No, I understand.
I do.
Talk to you later.
All right. Take it easy.
Yeah, I know. I know. See, here's the thing that, like, I actually do something physical that makes me gay.
You know, the guy's here in this corner of the building, and not just them, but other sports spectators.
Shall we call them?
Men who like to watch other men play games.
If I say, well, I don't like to watch other men play games.
Their response is usually, oh, that's pretty gay.
I said, hmm.
You're watching a man in tight knee pants. Bend over. Stick his ass up in the air.
Another man is going to walk up behind him.
Slap him on the taint.
Go.
The man that's bent over with his ass in the air is going to snap a ball between his legs and put it in the hands of the guy, who's one hand.
The back of his hand is right up there between his ass and his sack.
It's right there.
All right.
You're watching it.
Your eyes are glued to the screen. You're lean and forward in your seat.
I have no interest in watching the taint-slapping contest.
So that makes me gay.
I have more interest in going out and finding wherever the girls are right now, such as maybe the roller rink, where I'm actually getting off my ass and doing something that requires a bit of exercise and skill.
I understand how you would see that that would make me gay.
Right? Makes perfect sense to me.
Clog, man.
I've got a lot going on today. I wish it would start already.
We've got melting pot coming in.
I can't wait.
I'll get more information, but they're having a fundraiser for a very worthwhile cause, which is the St. Jude's Children's Hospital.
It's going to be held at Dillards.
We'll get more information. It's going to be July 20th. I think I will actually show up.
They've got a lot of things going on there to make it worth your while to show up.
10% of all their purchases are going to the fundraiser at Dillards that day.
They're going to have a bake sale. They're going to have chocolate-free chocolate fondue for the people that come by.
It's Chinese auction and with every purchase someone will receive a gift certificate to the melting pot.
I don't know for how much, but we'll be getting that information as it goes on.
QA hello.
Hello.
Q home out.
Yes, you are.
We don't talk to you on the air, but that's the funny thing about insane people.
Who was it that said that insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result?
I don't know what I've heard.
We understand stocking is not legal.
It's not legal and it's not saying either. We understand that you don't have the option.
You're not in control of your own actions and you love me and you want to wear my skin.
But unfortunately you're not my type.
Some people are my consider allowing them to wear my skin.
Some people actually let a tailor measure them and then measure me and do a right proper Buffalo Bill skin suit.
But not you, not you, you faggot stalker.
Jim Manage is coming up at two o'clock today.
This time I'll read the real schedule.
We got the power hour with Hank in the Magdog from 4 to 5 then it's Hank till 7.
Miami Dolphins All Access until 7.35.
Then it's Marlins on deck at 8.10.
Marlins at KC. I can actually say that this time, right?
And Game Night with Ed Kaplan.
This time I'll read the real schedule.
We got the power hour with the
We got the power hour with the real schedule.
We got the power hour with the real schedule.
We got the power hour with the real schedule.
We got the power hour with the real schedule.
We got the power hour with the real schedule.
We got the power hour with the real schedule.
We got the power hour with the real schedule.
This is not I'm a new
All that I know, dad.
Mr. Daddy.
I don't know anybody over there, but we'll get maybe
Bri over here to dip something in the boiling oil.
John from the melting pot is here and we would love to help you get some people from power
96 to talk about you.
Starting with the hot chick that's on the air right now.
We'll grease her with some food because that's how it's done here in the radio business.
Nobody's getting paid.
What is it ready?
Oh, Coco Von.
Is that how you say it?
That's the red wine stuff?
Yes.
Great.
Wonderful.
Melting pot if you don't know about it, it's an event.
It's a dining experience and an adventure that you won't regret and you will want to
repeat guaranteed.
56670560 and date in Broward, pound 560 is free.
If you have a rise in wireless.
877786345 and John confirmed, yeah.
Clogs?
Definitely.
Definitely.
So we could write a book and I guess people have about, you know, gay not gay or what makes
you manly.
Clogs.
They're fat.
They've got the fat toes on them.
I mean, they just look completely wrong.
They're clogs and kitchens of all the rest of them.
Okay.
Well, I know they've got those new ones now.
There's new plastic breezy kind that you can stick the little gators or crocs.
I think that's what they're called.
Oh, excuse me?
Crocs.
Oh, oh.
What word did you say?
Yeah.
Yeah, that's what, you know what?
Calm down.
Uh, those are for girls.
You know who wears those?
Girls.
No, you know who wears those over here?
I gave you my answer.
Oh, yeah.
If you got something else.
I just find me specifics.
Oh, who?
Yeah.
Is it a girl?
No.
Then no.
I don't know.
Beast?
Hmm.
Hmm.
Job out.
Hmm.
Hmm.
I wonder if it's a fat thing.
I don't know, maybe.
Oh, last.
Well, the beast is married now, and so it was Joe Bell.
I remember they had that promo on HBO 4.
It was at the, um, is it the, uh, the Larry David show?
Is that the show that I'm thinking of?
I guess.
I don't know.
Remember the David J.
Yeah.
The co-creator of Seinfeld?
Yeah, that is what I'm talking about.
Yeah.
And he wears a big funny hat.
It's just a really quick promo for all the different HBO programs.
And his friend says, what's with the hat?
It's just giant, broad, brim gardening hat, and he's wearing it to the beach.
And Larry David responds, I'm married.
I can wear anything I want.
Which is true.
I could even wear Velcro shoes, new balance Velcro shoes over here.
But I think I might want to step up.
But what if she's just a beard?
I think a little bit more stylish.
Then it doesn't matter, does it?
QAIM, hello.
Hey, Joey.
How are you?
I'm good.
I'm good.
Hey, listen, man.
My uncle came over and nobody ate it.
Yeah.
Big game on American Express, man.
Yeah.
And a townhouse in Hyalee.
They gave him.
Who gave him?
Oh, was it Gov'n Man, man?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, man.
Gov'n Man.
It was Gov'n Man.
Yeah, my brother came over to Memorial too.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He got a mansion.
He got a mansion in Beverly Hills and a Rolls.
From the government.
Cool, man.
Yeah.
Thanks, see.
I thought my uncle got hooked up.
Yeah.
You guys forgot about the waiter, man.
On the list, man.
You forgot about the waiter.
For fathers, you're right.
Damn it.
Do it over.
Wait, we said TV Dad.
We said TV Dad, not movie Dad.
Next time, we'll have to do movie Dads.
All right.
Well, just in case,
next to the Robert's Brothers Dark Theater, man,
the real Dark Theater.
Okay, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Those other movies, they don't exist.
People say, which movies are you talking about?
I don't talk about the other ones.
They don't exist.
When I say Star Wars, they go,
which, are you talking about the new ones?
That said, there are no.
There are three.
There are three.
Four, five, and six.
There are no others.
They're gone.
They're an anathema.
All right.
They're apocrypha.
They don't exist.
QAM, hello.
Hi, George.
How are you?
I've had, I've had, I've had a set rest.
And one, you're giving away the food.
And it's fabulous.
And listen, George, I came out of the closet.
Mm-hmm.
That was him, too, by the way.
Okay, so you're going to call us.
Well, they think they're good at putting on voices.
All right.
That's the one they think they're humans, too.
But that's not the case.
One of these days, I'm going to actually save the napkin
that John writes all the melting locations.
Melting locations?
Going pot locations?
Yeah.
Go and get melted.
Are you salivating already or something
since you're sitting next to him?
You smell it?
No, not yet.
I'm smelling the, the, what, what is it called again, John?
Cocoa.
The cocoa van.
Ooh, I like saying that.
And if I could remember it, I'd like saying it even more.
I smell it, coconut.
And here's all the meat out here.
And I'm just going to eat the meat.
You know, he brings the vegetables.
And I do that at the melting bot, too.
It's like they bring you the plate of vegetables.
Along with the meat.
I'm like, yeah, all right.
I'm going to be cooking up vegetables when I got this giant plate of shrimp
and even brought me some extra shrimp.
QA M Hello.
Yeah.
You're never going to get on the air either.
Claw where?
You clog, man.
QA M Hello.
Why are you still?
Yeah.
I guess that's it.
We're not going to.
All right.
Well, then, then, yeah.
Of course, you'll hear their voice.
QA M So now that you're here, I can go through the fundraiser thing
more accurately.
It's for Saint Jude's children's hospital, a very worthwhile cause.
It's from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. at Dillard, that the gallery of Mollon Fort Lauderdale.
It says great Dillards as if they aren't all.
10% of all their sales are going to Saint Jude's on that day.
That's July the 20th.
And that's a Saturday.
It's a Friday.
Like I said, it's a Friday.
10% of all their sales go to Saint Jude's.
There will be a Chinese auction.
If people don't know, you know, that's like one of those silent auctions.
Is that how that goes?
It's from 100 gifts.
Okay.
100 gifts you buy a ticket.
You put it in a box for the gifts and I'm sure I'll figure it out when I get there
cause I probably will go.
And yeah, I'm going to encourage the co-workers to go as well.
But nobody in the building likes me except for Neon.
He's not in the building either.
And the few people that do like me, they don't want it to be known that they do.
So I'm not going to talk about them.
What else you got?
You got the cookies?
Big bag of cookies.
Cookies by design.
You're tempting me with them.
See the fat guy in there?
He's almost dead.
So give him a few more cookies and we'll see if we can put him over the edge.
What else?
Free chocolate fondue.
Cheese demonstrations.
Which I don't understand.
What a cheese demonstration is.
You're going to really.
How to make cheese and they'll show you how.
Okay.
So they'll teach you how to make the cheese.
And then they're going to give it away.
Okay.
With every purchase, everyone will receive a gift certificate to the melting pot.
Do we want to say how much?
$1500.
Okay.
$10 dollars.
Sweet.
For every purchase to deliver.
So it's a great deal.
You'll get a lot of things for yourself.
Big art show.
Four floors of art.
All going on at Delards.
In the gallery of mall.
In Fort Lauderdale.
Fondue and fashion for the cure for St. Jude's Children's Hospital.
From 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Friday.
How's that?
Q&A.
Hello.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
I'll be there.
Why do we even go to line 9?
Because it was ringing.
Look, if you can't stay up.
I was about to hit the line when you, you know.
That's all we got.
And you know what?
It's summer.
There are no cars on the road.
It's great.
It's actually easy to drive in in the morning.
But that's all we got.
If the other people in the audience were at 10th as loyal and wanted to participate.
At least 100th as much as the chronic gay stalkers that we have out there who are working it right now into the sound of my voice.
They had their pants down and they've already gone halfway through the bucket of Chrisco.
I believe we're all in a circle too.
They're having a race.
Wow.
They're the circle jerks.
Not the band either.
But that's it.
And here, you know, it started out on this freaking tirade.
You know, no, but we had one guy.
We had one ref call up.
And the other guy, you know, that was funny about the townhouse and the American Express Card.
That was great.
You know what we did just so just so you know, and I've mentioned this before,
every one of our family members was always hooked up by the other family members that were already over here.
So there was no chance for anyone to become a burden as if they were allowed to be anyway, which of course they weren't.
Everyone was hooked up.
They either had an apartment or a house already for them.
All furnished in a car out front already for them when they came over here.
Thanks to the contributions of other family members, because that's how it's done.
So if you have another experience and if you have another story, we'd be happy to hear it.
You've got a bag of money.
An unemployment checks.
Can you see?
See, bigots are so stupid that they don't even make up good stories.
They don't even make up believable stories.
You come over here from another country illegally.
You're not allowed to be here and you're supposed to be going and getting unemployment checks.
How?
How?
How do you prove that you've been employed when you just got here, whether you got here legally or illegally?
Make up some good stories when you're going to make crack up, at least.
1126 on all bigoted radio, 560 WQAM.
Yeah!
Hey, ready?
What's up, y'all?
This your boys, he might.
See, all you're even saws were like hooks and concepts, right?
But, food and man, I'm trying to go black them.
Some of us are rockets.
Check this out, y'all.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read
a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, easy to read그렇
Real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real
real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book
real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book
real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real talk, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real talk, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book , real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book, real book
I'm ecstatic that he liked it since I found it or my daughter found it.
I guess she gets credit.
As a matter of fact, I wasn't even thinking about playing it at all today, Chris.
How do you like that?
But I needed some time so I could eat some of this melting pot food over here.
I mean, a lot of the shrimp, but the sausage is an extra treat that I wasn't expected.
Is there a name for it?
Is it just endoli?
Endoli sausage.
Endoli sausage is really good.
I don't remember having that before.
But right now I'm boiling up the steaks.
And by the way, if there are any hazards, snores or otherwise hungry people in the building,
come on in because we can't possibly eat all of this stuff.
Is Brie coming back?
I don't believe so.
She was very mad that she didn't realize melting pot was coming because she just ordered.
Brie, you need to check with us first.
You know, you need to come in here in the morning.
Let us see your ass.
Check with us.
You know, her father listens.
Check with us to find out what our food plans are for that day so that you don't do that.
But here's the thing.
Here's how you can use Murphy's Law to your own advantage.
Chris, if you ever want to get some free food in here, some fancy food in here, you know,
some good stuff like melting pot, for example.
Bring a lunch.
Bring a lunch.
Bring a lunch.
Bring the lunch.
Because they'll definitely come in there.
Right.
If you brought food, if you're prepared for lunch, that's when something good will come in,
like karma yesterday in melting pot today.
And we will be talking about your fundraiser throughout the week there, John, because we know
how to whore the show properly.
If you want to find the F&D.
Wow.
Found you every week?
That's great.
We'll work that out.
As a matter of fact, next Friday, just so you know, I don't know if there's anything
else already arranged because you know, Duff is a madman as far as getting the free food
in here.
But we will be having a very special guest that I would absolutely love, at least assuming
that he comes in, suds.
I would love to be able to feed him something nice, something special that I know that he's
not going to be able to afford to eat on his own because he's unemployed.
Hey, suds, how you doing?
Be here next Friday, son.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, these, the number and date and brown, pound, 5, 6, these, free.
If you have Verizon or AT&T, 877, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 5, toll free everywhere else.
Now that we have a panel of men assembled here, let me ask you the same question.
Don't be modest, because we got some very manly men over here boiling meat.
Stay at home dads.
Okay, they made the same expression.
You're in a circle of friends, you're in a circle of people, you're at a party or something
like that, everybody's going around.
It's like, what do you do for a living?
I'm an accountant.
What do you do for a living?
I've worked promotions at a radio station.
What do you do for a living, Josh?
What do you tell people that you do?
I'm a webmaster.
Respectable.
You get to the guy who says, I'm a house husband.
I'm a stay-at-home dad.
I'm a homemaker.
What is the reaction from the other men in that circle?
Okay, all right.
Honey, you don't have to feel bad.
The wife posted a comment on one of the forms that she belonged to and took a shot at
a stay-at-home dad.
They were talking about something else and the wife's comment was something about, forget
about whatever you people are talking about.
You're talking about a stay-at-home dad.
Fag.
Something like that.
She didn't say that, but she was calling into question.
She was calling his manliness into question and she got flamed.
All these other bitches jumped in her.
What century are you living in blah, blah, blah, blah?
That it isn't okay for a guy to go.
I'm saying, well, it is the 21st century and there's nothing technically wrong with it,
but it's in masculine.
You're not going to hold your head up high as a man by saying that your house has been
a stay-at-home dad.
What if she makes more money?
No, that makes it less embarrassing.
Not.
Right?
Or how about this?
How about this?
Because a lot of women, they go back into the work sector after raising children for a
while.
Yes?
And they go to the interview.
Yeah.
I'm telling you.
Trust me.
You'll meet one of these women someday.
Why is that funny to you, McGon?
Why is that getting close to a home?
Don't fall down.
By the way, Puka shells?
Gay?
Not gay.
Puka shells.
Gair than clogs or what?
So anyway.
So anyway, here.
Here.
Bear with me a second.
Let's not get off target.
The women they raise a family and then they go back to work.
Oh, you're taking one of the shrimps that I lovingly boil.
Let me get these out.
Is this mine?
Yes.
These are all mine too.
Excuse me while I go off mics and rescue my food.
McGon, boil your own shrimp.
Boil your shrimp.
Boil your own damn shrimp.
So women go into a job interview with their credentials.
And they say to the employer, the prospective employer, the interviewer, when they say,
what were you for the past however many years?
Yeah, I got a lavender one over here so don't feel bad.
And a ski or two.
Yeah, yours is right.
Proper pink.
So the women say I was a homemaker.
And that's like, okay, that's not exactly like having proper work experience.
But at least it's okay for a woman, right?
Women can say that.
It's acceptable.
And the interviewer will go, okay, and they go, that actually involves some things.
You have to be able to drive.
You have to be able to manage money.
You have to be able to operate within a budget.
You need to be able to accomplish things, get things done, juggle various balls at the same time.
So it actually does mean something.
It's not like it doesn't have any value, right?
When you're a female and you used to be a homemaker.
Bear with me here.
Pretend you're not ignoring me.
Just pretend.
All right.
So now here's a dude going into the job interview.
What were you the past 10 years?
Oh, I raised my kids.
That was a house husband.
That was a homemaker.
I was a stay-at-home dad.
You didn't have a job.
Right.
The interviewer is going to say, oh, so you were a deadbeat.
You were a bum.
You were a Jule.
Right?
You were a Papi Jule.
That's not a credential.
That's not a line on a resume for a man.
Unless you're 20 and she's 40, it's not okay.
Okay.
Unless you're 20 and she's 40.
You're still a bum.
You're still a whore.
You're still a mimbo.
You're a whore.
But it's.
That might impress your buddies, but it isn't going to impress a prospective employer.
That's what I'm saying.
So how do you vindicate it?
All the men say right on.
All those other bitches.
They're full of crap.
QA M Hello.
Hello.
One more try.
Hello.
Good.
Not too late.
Call back.
QA M Hello.
Hey, George.
Yeah.
I got to disagree with you, man.
About what?
I thought there was all this thing about the guy staying at home.
He's in a situation, right?
Okay.
Lay it on.
Huh?
Share.
You got a guy.
A successful guy.
You know, guys that account as a CPA.
His wife gets out of medical school.
She's making twice as he is.
They want to ask kids.
They have no family.
For the little side, hey, the ones making more keys.
What do they want to do with the kids?
What's wrong with that?
No, there's nothing wrong with it.
The point is when you're swapping stories with your buddies around the keg at the party,
you're not going to look macho.
Your wife making more money than you isn't going to make you look macho.
That's not going to excuse it.
It's like, I'm going to stay at home that I raised my family.
They're going to laugh at you.
And then you try to defend yourself by saying, well, it's because my wife made more money than me.
They're not going to laugh less.
Now here's the thing, man.
It's not even about being macho.
You got a lot of mechanics out there.
It'll make 30 bucks an hour.
Or, you know, one macho is helping us still move on.
So I just agree with you on your thing about being macho.
I've got to be a macho.
Sometimes today, everything's really...
This isn't necessarily my opinion.
I'm just saying what, how society the average dude is going to react to you.
I guess, I guess, man.
But whatever, I think today, neonality...
And ain't going to make the guy proud, you know?
You could say you're a mechanic.
You could be at a party drinking beer with these people that you just met.
And what do you do for a living?
I'm a mechanic.
And all the guys standing around are going to nod their head and go, ah, that's cool.
And you say you're a house husband, that's not going to be the reaction from these guys.
Well, no one's going to say they're a house husband, but I think I was going to...
What are they going to say?
I say, I'm with my kids.
I raise my kids.
You're going to get laughed at no matter how you slice it.
Try it another way.
I say it home with my kids.
Bum.
Alright, you're a two-way Englishman.
You got your skills.
I'm telling you.
I'm not...
Look, that's why I took a consensus here in the studio.
Everybody agreed.
You're not going to look manly.
As a stay-at-home dad, as a house-freaking husband.
QAAM, hello.
Hey.
How are you?
Yeah.
Hey, what's up?
Yeah, I really want to...
That'll be the Monday poll, yeah.
I work with some Cuban rappers here and they say that when they come, if you make it here, they actually do get money from the government.
How much?
I want some.
I'm going to leave and come back if I get some.
I don't know how much.
And then another thing for the fathers in movies?
They should, by the way, that's a bad thing and they should put it into it.
Go ahead.
You team Levy from America Pie.
Okay.
And one more thing, the father of the taken polls, suggested for that, but that's good when we decide to movie day.
Yeah, for whenever.
Man, I forgot what I was going to say.
Oh, yeah, the macho nice.
I think a guy who stays home is a genius man.
I think if you bagged the chick who's making more money than him.
It's not that I wouldn't envy that kind of a deal, especially like think of like a Kevin Federline kind of deal.
Yeah, I'll fall one more time.
But it doesn't make him look good.
Other men are impressed that he's banging and Brittany and he's essentially getting paid to do it.
That's impressive, but he still looks like a pus.
Yeah, all right.
So, I'm doing food.
All right, I am. Trust me.
How could you not?
As a matter of fact, I'm enjoying the food so much and the time is getting away from us.
It's 17 to 12 on all Melting Pot Radio 560 WQIM.
You ain't so beautiful girl.
When the judge throw you in the clink and now you're suicidal.
Suicide or indecency over Harris was a beautiful girl.
When she started to cry for her mom and now she's suicidal.
Suicide or indecency over Harris was a beautiful girl.
She was a suicidal, suicidal.
But she did it respect the law.
See, it started in her car.
She was driving real far.
Had a little too much to drink when she was at the bar.
They took her license away, but she thought it would last forever forever.
And things turned to caca because I'm share of baca.
He let her out soon and was against her lock as a judge.
He came and got her and now she's back in the slammer.
The slammer.
You ain't so beautiful girl.
When you finally got the gold to jail next time you'll keep a smile.
Don't be suicidal and maybe you won't get the ticket.
Oh, it's over.
I'm reading some facts over here.
You ain't so beautiful girl.
I think we started since one that I read.
Yeah, that was a very good pause, except I didn't put this on loop.
I didn't loop this thing.
No, this is exactly how a radio show should be.
All full of distractions that keeps it all interesting.
Here's a giant facts.
Look, I don't want to read anymore apologists apologizing for that last episode of The Sopranos.
A story has a beginning of middle and an end.
If you buy a book and you start reading a story that they decide not to end,
you were just ripped off.
If you go to a movie and they do nothing but set things up and then do not resolve things, you were ripped off.
If you watch a series for up to ten years and they don't end it when they don't end it, you got ripped off.
They said, well, what did you want to happen?
I wanted it to end.
It doesn't matter what happened, just that something happened except somebody pulling the plug on your TV,
thinking that they were being very clever, thinking that they're being very artsy-fartsy.
Deciding not to end something and deciding to let the audience make up their own mind about what happened is a cop-out.
It's admitting that you don't know how to end something that you don't know how to do your craft.
If I wanted to make up an ending, then I would make up the middle in the beginning as well,
which I'm very capable of doing, and save the money on HBO and not give you any of it, David Chase.
That's why we gave you some money so that you would give us a story, a beginning, a middle, and an end.
You faker, you sued, and all the other people, soods.
But I don't want to go into that.
QI, I want to go into my shred.
Yeah. One of these days, Chris, 10-12 on 5.60 QAM.
We got 5.607-0560, and David and Broward, pound 5.60 is free.
If you have AT&T or Verizon, 877-756345 is our toll-free everywhere else line.
And I tried to print something up by Marcos, defending those other movies. Why? Why Marcos?
Now I have to read your email.
Yo, dude. No, that's the wrong one. Here it is. Marcos sends us some good movie stuff, so I'm surprised.
Just heard you trash episodes one through three of Star Wars, which I understand. I know you hate and forgot them.
I did too until I sat down and watched, at all, one through six, high-deaf with huge sound in Marcos, please.
I wasn't talking about how visual they were, and I guess they were adequate in that.
I don't want to get into it, Marcos.
We don't need to justify the original, you know, 4, 5, and 6, and how good they were, and how cool dark was.
The other three movies were like an unraveling of all of that. It was Lucas taking a crap on his own work and his own characters, and they sucked, and I'm pretending that they don't exist anymore.
So Josh, you wanted to hear the remix?
Miguel had heard it. Where did you hear it? Miguel, and there's Bree back in the studio bouncing around.
Well, I was going to play that song. I was going to play that Lincoln Park remix of Enjoy the Silence so that I can enjoy the food.
Do I have time for that? I don't even know how long it is right now.
One moment, please, while I find it, I just downloaded it.
And where is it? Where is it?
I thought I downloaded it.
There it is. Well, it work. Is it clean?
I wasn't going to play music. I'm going to put the food show down.
Break the silence, and I'm crushing you into my little world.
It means no to me, and try to prove me that you understand.
Oh, my little girl, I have wanted, I have needed it in my house.
Well, it's not very unnecessary.
Thank you for only doing all that.
I'm not the spoken, nothing will be broken.
It's on to me, it's a trivial.
The world is remade, hold in the pain, hold in the weakness.
I have a wonderful, I have a long dead, I have needed it in my house.
It's on to me, it's on to me, it's on to me.
Thank you, thank you.
Oh, that's correct.
Oh, my little girl, I have needed it in my house.
The world is remade, hold in the pain, hold in the pain.
Oh, my little girl, I have needed it in my house.
There you go, Lincoln Park remixing, enjoy the silence.
Two great tastes, a taste great together, Miguel was already up to date.
It's your Myspace song, you said?
Already? Oh, you have it on your Myspace.
And I don't know where it came from, do you?
I mean, is it on one of their records? It is just out there, go steal it.
It's probably on lime wire, go on Myspace, you'll find it.
Do a search for that, I have no idea where my daughter found it.
But she's contributing to the show more than I ever expected.
Great, earn your keep.
We will be talking about that also, Miguel, I shared the conversation that we had about, you know, kicking your kids out of the house.
Because I'm married to a gringo, so she's like wanting to charge the kid rent.
I said, uh, there's a lot, well how long can she stay here rent-free?
And we both set forever at the same time, that's how it works.
See, honey, she's contributing to the show, of course, my wife contributes to the show.
She gives me a lot of material.
If nothing else, what do I mean if?
Music, golden, goody.
A musical memory from wonderful W2AM.
Music, golden, goody.
Well, I bought a gift on lime and spent some big bucks.
But when it arrived, I was all out of luck.
It was the falling on the truck, because my kids were bands of fame.
So I ran to the store, but it was outside.
But these almost here no time left on the clock, and I'm thinking about the time they're stopped.
It was my kid for that, whoop, that.
Well, I want to show my care, I want to give them something, but I never be handling.
No, dad, sorry.
There you go, nothing.
No.
You know I love you, don't you?
My kid for that, for that!
Okay, then we'll take it home.
Thank you, John.
10-03, 10-03.
Jeez, times moving backwards.
12-3560, don't worry about your kids.
You know, I've been playing a lot of these country-ish parodies, and I feel like I should explain it to John.
Yeah, what's up with that?
We were just discussing how country music sucks and hard, and how it has no value, but I found a value for it.
Song parodies can actually be funnier if they're sung with a twine.
Get it?
That's the only excuse is for comedies, say.
For example, religion, what's the only good purpose religion could possibly serve in the world anymore?
Comedy, as something to make fun of.
So there you go, religion, country music, for comedy's sake, we'll allow it to exist.
We'll keep it around just so that we can make fun of it.
Getting a lot of religious stuff on the email, including one of these, why God is imaginary kind of things.
Very good, it goes down point by point, a point by point, appeal to intelligent people to really consider.
Intelligent Christians, that is, which is kind of an oxymoron, to consider their belief system.
Not to have to moron because I know it exists.
You know, I used to be one and I still know people who are, and the reason that that's possible, people say, how can you be an intelligent Christian?
Well, you start by turning your brain off.
You have to not think about things, and that's what this little video that somebody sent me does.
It's just like, well, if you would allow yourself to think about some things, let me go down a list and give you some things to think about.
And then it goes into this, if this is the case, then why, why this?
And also, if you believe this, then why, why that?
And it just goes down case by case.
But the problem that I have with it, is they say that God is imaginary.
And all right, certainly the Judeo-Christian concept of God is imaginary.
But some of us try not to get involved in the arguments that we can't prove, and that's why Neil and I are always done.
And agnosticism is an atheist that doesn't have the balls to admit that they're an atheist. That's what Neil says.
It's like, no, an agnostic is someone who uses proper English, because you are foolish to make declarations that you can't prove.
And saying that there is no God is something that you can't prove, any more than someone can prove that there is one.
And if you can prove that there is one, let me know where you're at so that I can be a follower of yours.
Because then you've got it. You've got the connection.
If you could present some sort of God ID, or some kind of whatever, a symbol, or a power, or an ability that shows that you can do more than just make sounds with your mouth, or images with your pen, then I'll be happy to become one of your followers.
I'll join your church, I'll tithe, whatever it is, but you've got to do something more than talk.
Because that's something that all of us can do. Some of us can do it all day long. Some of us can do it all day long and not even say anything. Just watch.
56670560, in Dayton, Broward, town 560, on AT&T and Verizon Wireless, it's 3, 8777, 7863, 445, is toll free everywhere all to...
You know, we'd like to get maybe six different colors today instead of the four same ones.
Actually, we've had a couple, right?
Yeah, probably about two or three.
It feels like a Monday. I mean, it doesn't feel like a Monday and that, you know, usually like Friday is when we get the food and all this other really good stuff.
Thank you, John. We need to make room in that fridge. I don't know what's in the target bag. Is that yours?
Is that Miguel?
Um, Miguel's probably.
I got some of the horse radish. I'm taking that home. Hey, honey!
I got a horse radish and what's the sauce? I'll never remember it. Coco-von!
I'm going to write that down. I'm going to bring home this big bucket of something. And my wife's going to say, what's that? And I'm going to go, eh!
It's good!
Coco-von. Is there a way to spell that, John?
I'm spilling it just like it sounds.
Okay, great. I'm spilling it faux-inetically.
And we're going to be boiling some stuff up tonight, maybe.
Coco-von and the horse radish. See, the thing about the horse radish is very exciting.
Because first of all, I like shrimp and shrimp cocktail kind of stuff. And the horse radish is manly at the melting pot.
They make it fresh by hand. They crush the cocktail sauce, horse radish in there.
They're big chunks of horse radish in there. Clear as your sinuses right up. It's like taking a bump. It's spectacular.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yeah, talk to George.
No. QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello, George.
Yeah.
Hey, how you doing?
Fine, how are you?
Okay, listen. I made a mistake a few years back to marrying a Cuban girl.
Yeah, well, you could have stopped right there, but if you married a Cuban girl, then you're doubling nuts.
I totally agree with you.
Listen, I couldn't get past the first date with any one of them without going nuts. I don't know how you do it.
But the thing is that this girl, she's everybody that she deals with, she screws over. I mean, she's totally learning.
She's shocked.
And then, but then, then, she is. She drives fancy cars. She doesn't have to ever read. And there I am struggling to make a living in my acting.
You know, I don't know if there's a God or not, but hopefully she'll get her due someday.
Maybe.
Because, you know what, she's going to lose her looks. That'll be her revenge in the night.
Yeah, exactly.
You won't be able to be a whore anymore.
That's all that thought she cares about is your look.
Of course. That's it.
Do that.
And talk about culture shock, because I came here to graduate high school.
I came down here for my senior year from Montana, where the value system was very different.
Where someone like me actually had a chance because nobody had any money.
So that wasn't even an issue. You just had to be cool.
You understand? If you were cool and funny and fun to be around, you did all right.
So I come down here where none of that mattered. Only how much you have and how much you're showing it.
Right.
So it was a disaster for me my senior year down here. These women drove me nuts.
Right, here are you.
Let me show. Take care, George.
All right, I love your show too. And it would be nicer. It would be a way better show if we actually had some people that wanted to talk on the air.
Once again, here we go. Rare opportunity. You know, you could call across the street and talk about that same one subject.
You know, that same one subject that they talk about on this station all the time. No, that'd be.
I don't know. Or you could call up here and say whatever the hell you want as long as it's clean enough to go on the air.
Which I know that those parameters are getting narrower or narrower and narrower every day.
But still, while supplies last, you can call up and express an opinion about something.
Maybe even about Cubans and all the bags of money that they get.
See, let me just say it again. I had nothing to do with whatever system is in place right now to accommodate anyone from any other country.
If a system is in place that seems unfair to some people, okay, I'm not going to deny that. I had nothing to do with it.
And I don't support it. Sorry. I don't support it. I think everything should be even Stephen.
I think that the concern should be who can do the most for the most.
Who's going to be best for America? Those are the people that we let in. And we have a quota. And it's very nice.
But nobody's here illegally. Even the Marriolitos.
It wouldn't have been flooding over here if the government wasn't allowing them to flood over here. Kuyam, hello.
George, yeah. I'm not one of the six callers. I know. Okay. Anyway, I'll just let you know.
From before you took a breath, I knew that. That's great. I'm glad I'm not identifiable.
I start my vacation officially like this morning. So there's nothing better than getting baked and listening to you or you and you.
I'm sure it's enough. It's great. It's a great way to turn it all the time at this way. And that's all I got to tell you, man. Just keep it up in the good work, too.
What are your sweet? Thank you, I'm a good worker.
Thank you very much. I don't know what show you're listening to Chris Q. A. Milo.
Hello. Is George around? I beg your pardon. George. Yeah. Where's that big man? What's up? What's going on? This we end from the the positive, you know?
Okay. Hey, what you have to say about the tax charge. You think they're going to do something about that? No. They just.
Nothing good for us. They're not going to do anything that benefits us. They're going to line their own pockets. That's all they do. Both parties. That's all they're there for is themselves. That's why they're taking so long.
They don't care. They're not going to do anything that's going to benefit us. Nobody in the government. There is no party that represents the American working person now currently in this country.
I see that man. It's all about money for them. For them. That's right. As in. All for me.
All right. All right. Did that kid. So I read QA hello. Yeah. Hey, I got what's talking about the Q one I'm married at American woman. Me too.
Before I was Irish slut. I know that's redundant to say that. Yeah. I think 50% of the problem. We got the worst and everything.
I don't say that like it's a bad thing. Irish is my favorite brand of slut. Don't get me wrong. Yeah. I guess back back to what I'm saying. I met this human woman. I don't know what you're talking about. This woman is. I don't know where why I didn't.
Latin American women before this chick is something else. Man. What else is she? She's a Cuban man. Okay. All right. Well, good. Love it. Man happy for you. You know, my brother one could say the same thing. He married a Cuban girl. He's very happy.
My sister. But we're we're not standard. My sister. No, that's for sure. We got all American eyes. You know, the rest of the families like you know, they married green goes and they speak English all the time. Well, I'm married American chick. I'm a like the song said American woman for me. What's that? All right. I might play that for you. Have a good.
I'm going to dedicate to you. Man, I can you know, that's not the same. I'm a sounding very bigoted and self-hating over here. I know that they're not all the same. I'm just talking about the the stereotype. The kind of women that I ran into in high school women, the girls and even and even afterwards when I came back to town. Same thing. Plastic concern with appearances. Nothing but appearances. The car, the clothes and how big of a rock you're going to put on their finger. Shallow, effing, horrors. QA hello. Hello. QA hello. Oh, I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Call back. I saw the fantastic four George. Okay. Let's just say it's better than the first one, which isn't so much. I was all foundation. That was all just.
The guy that called you in and gave you a hint. He was correct. The power. I'm going to throw up. But just watch. Look at it as research. That's all that I said. You watch it anyway.
And what are they even for 15 year olds for something coming out this weekend, right? It's already out today. You already saw today or something?
I thought last night you know what I'm going to go on Sunday. I'm so deep. I already. I want to purple giant. I want a big purple giant with a funny hat.
You know what? I don't think about this. They could have just had his hat if they had just had galactus's hat coming and eaten it to eat the ice.
That's what I was hoping. I would just eat purple clouds or something. Just a big purple hat coming to eat the earth. I would have been happy.
Yeah. Silver feather did look cool. I got it. Whatever. I'm all depressed now. I want a giant. I want a giant. All right. Hey, don't pay tax.
Okay. You got it 1214 on all weed selling radio 560 WQ I am more breaking news now on the Paris Hilton developments today.
Paris Hilton's medical condition is stable. Back to you.
Mommy always there. Yeah. I want to listen to music. I would love it. One month later. There it is. Paris Hilton.
Paris Hilton. My short fan. Idiot.
There's two things I know for sure. Daddy, you're a loser.
I would back home in my pants. I think Mommy chief's on you.
I'm not a bad guy.
Why is the man that I know he's here?
Daddy, why don't you get a job?
Daddy, you smell like beer.
I'm dropping out of high school.
Daddy, I'm pregnant.
I don't know who the father is.
I have to turn trick cash.
I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes?
Hey, how about a toast for the bride and groom?
Daddy, I'm getting married again.
Daddy, that's my ass.
Daddy, I think I have sickle.
Daddy, I have to ask you what I'm thinking.
And I said I'm not sure.
Daddy, I got a letter.
We're always.
Hey, Pop. We're moving in.
Daddy, I'm going to give him more.
Daddy, I have news. I'm a lesbian.
By request. There you go. Charles, Charlie and Deerfield, whatever.
Through the facts away. Yes, I knew exactly what you were talking about.
There it is. Now that all the fall draw is out of the way, we can try to do a radio show here.
I know, it's Friday. I'm not into it either.
1221 on 560 WQM. I've got a story over here about some goat sacrifice.
Really? Yeah, I get to tackle two issues at the same time with that one.
I get to do another episode of Ikebana.
You know, this is a regular feature on this show.
When people that were born on the same island as me embarrassed me, I get to do a segment called Ikebana.
And then I get to rip religion because it's so easy.
He's so, you know, yeah, it's easy and fun.
Take more if you want, Carlos.
We need to get these cookies. Thank you, John.
Thank you. The melting pot stuff was great. That was very good.
You know, he waived those cookies.
And those aren't just cookies. People are like cookies.
There's a big deal about cookies.
Well, first of all, these are big. They're about as big around as my torso.
They're all these different, crazy, exotic cookies with big chunks of, I don't even know what,
because I had to stop looking at them.
Those are the kind of cookies that you're going to see at that fundraiser July 20th.
No, I don't know what time I'm going to be there because as I told John, I have to discuss it with the committee.
But it's going to be from 10 a.m. to 9.
It dullards in the gallery of mall in Fort Lauderdale, July 20th, which is a Friday.
I don't know when. It'll be in the evening sometime. How's that?
Maybe I'll go there at night, close the place down. I don't know.
Score some of that free, see there.
Cookies, chocolate fondue, all the things that they're going to have over there are things that I should not be eating.
Maybe the cheese, they'll go there for the cheese demonstration.
They're going to teach you how to make cheese.
I thought I knew how to do that. Let milk rot.
Cuyam hello.
How is that?
Yeah.
One of these days.
Did I give the numbers out lately?
No.
Eventually we might get a phone call.
56670560 and Dave and Broward.
Excuse me, 56670560 is free if you have Verizon or AT&T wireless.
877756345 is toll free everywhere else.
You're going to have lunch now Miguel, is that what's going on?
No problem. Good. Nothing you got your bag out of there.
Could you put my cocoa van in the fridge please so that it doesn't, you know, my cocoa van?
Yeah, it's fun to say.
And fun to eat.
What else can you think of this like that?
Nothing? Mind run a blank? Yeah.
That's what I thought.
I'm even making cat sounds.
Cats fun to say and eat?
Hmm.
You think about that.
I guess it depends on how you eat it and how you say it.
Think about it.
It can be way more fun depending on how you say it.
Definitely.
I told you we used to every once in a while in Montana we would see a bum near the railroad tracks and stuff like that.
Well, one of the like the the seamiest bar in town, not coincidentally, was all the way at the end of what we called the gut,
which was the strip and it was right by the train depot.
And that's where the bum would jump off of the train and they would kind of hang out at that end of the strip and dig through the dumpsters right there.
So if you were coming out of that particular bar you'd see a bum out there every once in a while and because we were punks with a sense of humor,
we would offer to buy the bum a meal in exchange for bum stories.
True made up we don't know.
But one bum would always tell us how they used to catch cat.
They used to catch cat to eat it.
All these bum tricks.
Hobo tricks, vagabond tricks.
And they'd say we used to get you dig through the dumpster and you get like a can of tuna or something like that.
And you'd put it next to you and then you'd have your stick or your batter or something right there on your lap
and you'd pretend to be asleep with the tuna right next to you to get empty can of tuna.
And then when the cat would come to lick the can of tuna you'd go whack!
And club the cat over the head and you eat cat since we were just talking about that.
No, it's not what I was talking about either but nevertheless made that story come to mind.
We got Jim Manage coming up at 2 o'clock today, the power hour with Hank in the mad dog from 4 to 5 then it's Hank until 7.
Miami dolphins all accessed until 7.35 then it's Marlins on deck.
Marlins at KC at 8.10, game night with Ed Kaplan whenever the hell the game ends.
I thought you just put somebody on hold it there.
I guess it was him again.
He wanted to talk to you off the air and said no.
Are you kidding me?
No, not the weirdo.
Oh, I was giving you some website.
You can't talk off the air.
And I already told Chris this.
I had to give him the seminar.
The phone answering phone screening seminar because we don't do screening per se.
We're just trying to get rid of the gay stalkers that just I guess they won't be happy until they're able to wear my skin.
Or needles.
Listen, the suit that you can make out of a needle skin will be much rumier and much more comfortable than the one that you can make out of mine.
Especially now that I'm on this new health kick, stop turning the liquid health kick.
But they won't be happy until that.
No, listen, Jorge at NealRodgers.com.
If you want something, you want to send me a message, J-O-R-G-E at NealRodgers.com.
There's the email address.
Eric finally got the spam filter updated so that we can block people on that address now.
So that's great.
Here's the thing as far as that goes.
If you don't want to talk on the air because of whatever reason, I mean we would love to hear what you have to say on the air.
And if it's a website, if it's a YouTube video or something like that, why not come on the air and tell everybody that's what we're trying to do here.
But the phone lines exist for people that want to contribute to the radio show, meaning people who want to go on the air and talk to the host about something.
Take issue with something the host said, agree with something the host said, bring something up that the host might not be thinking about.
Make a funny comment, opera man can come and sing about Pan Pan, Greek God Pan, whatever.
People who want to go on the air and make sounds with their mouth.
That's what those phone lines exist for.
They don't exist for you to complain about anything nobody over here cares.
They don't care about what we think they sure as hell don't care what you think.
They're not there for you to give a give Chris a message of any kind.
They're there for one reason and one reason only to talk to the dude on the air.
Nobody's here.
No one is being paid in this building to answer.
Can you just tell me dude for years, are you kidding?
You know how many years it's going to be 17 years in October.
Can you just tell me I don't have time to wait on the air then die.
I don't want to go on the air but die then die.
Why are you ringing my phone?
They exist for people to talk on the air.
That's all and if you're calling for any other purpose then you're distracting the producer from what his job is supposed to be,
which is doing a radio show contributing to the radio show.
Those lines are there so that you can contribute to the radio show.
That's so that you can just tell Neil what at you just die.
What at you lean forward at a right angle, at a 90 degree angle and run as fast as you can into a brick wall and die.
You can call the front office, they don't care either.
You got to complain, guess what? Nobody cares.
Try to find somebody in this building that cares about your complaint.
You won't find one.
If you have some link or something like that and you don't want to go on the air,
JorgeAtNeilRodgers.com.
If that's a complaint, it'll be the last email we'll ever see from you.
You know why? We don't care.
Don't like the show? Off you go.
Don't like something somebody said? Call on the air? Or die.
Ain't life simple.
1228 Annal Simple Radio 560WQAM
Patissotein says she has found God in prison.
A secret recording device captured this exchange between the blonde father and the heavenly father.
God, did you hear me, God? It's Paris Hilton.
What is it, my child?
Wow, it's a very clear connection.
I'm God, Paris. I just had my new file since start.
I get phone, internet and cable for 85 bucks a month.
Wow, that's hot.
That is hot, Paris. What can I do for you? I'm very busy.
I'm trying to help David hustle home.
I want to change my life. Can you give me some advice?
First things first, Paris.
Huh?
You always need to wear panties.
It's hot, but can I wear a thong?
Yes, but only under a sun dress or a stretchy pants.
I got it, God.
You also need to stop making those tapes, Paris.
Oh, you mean like the simple life on the e-channel?
No.
No?
You know the tapes I mean, Paris.
Oh, you mean the Gavoli Gavoli.
I promise, Lord.
And Paris.
Wow.
You need to stop driving drunk.
Stop taking illegal prescription drugs.
And you need to eat three meals a day.
That's hot. You mean like a power bar, a fruitopia drink, and a bag of skittles?
No, Paris.
Fool.
I can't.
You can, Paris.
Huh?
What do you think will happen if you eat food, Paris?
I'll look like rodeo-doddled.
Good point, Paris.
So cut out the skittles.
I never sat in which one's the way.
Let's start slow.
Whatever, God.
Oh, and one more thing, Paris.
Yeah?
Stop being a freaking dick.
Oh, wow.
You know, ludicrous, meaningless, mindless, moronic, naive, not sensible, upto whose pointless,
raps and so much short-sighted, simple, simple, minded, slow, sluggish, dickheaded,
trivia-one intelligent, unthinking, and witless.
You know, I'm sorry, God.
I don't follow.
Oh, hello, love, or may.
That's hot.
26-to-1-5-60-QM.
So you'll appreciate this.
I want you to weigh in, McGowan.
Your theory on this issue, or at least a prove of one that we came up with,
at the roller-ring last night, and this guy, I'm going to call him Vinny, because he doesn't want to use his real name,
because his gay guy was hit.
You know, if a gay guy hits on you, it doesn't make you gay.
No, it just depends on how you react to it, and he reacted appropriately.
Well, first of all, he was there with a girl.
You know, I guess just being inside a roller-rank makes you gay, even though I was there with physical evidence of my heterosexuality,
aka my daughter, and I was there looking at roller-bunnies, and that's where we got into this discussion.
Now, your other roller-ranking here are girls with tattoos, dressed to impress, slots in other words.
Girls dressed in such a way that they want us to look at them.
They're wearing the pants, they're wearing shirts that show their mid-drift.
Pants are very low.
See just the beginnings of the ass crack, right?
You know, that little bitch, that little indentation right there.
Tattoo's, shirts, the whole thing.
And obviously, they look old enough to be in bars, but they're there.
They could be in a bar, but they're at the roller-rank.
So my question to Vinny was, what's your theory about this?
Is this, is it that they actually really, really enjoy skating?
They genuinely enjoy the skating and the skating scene, and that's why they're here.
Or they figure that it's like hunting grounds that nobody else is hunting.
Or they just, they dig skies that skate or what.
And Vinny's theory, and I think I'm going to agree with it, is that slots are like a gas,
where they seep into any vacuum.
You understand, like, whatever scene, and that's what he says.
Whatever scene there is, this is his line.
Whatever scene you can name, there are slots that will be in that scene and part of that scene.
And you disagree. So then you explain the roller slide to me.
They just like roller skating, that's your theory.
Is that they just, they just dig it.
Because they ain't doing much skating. They're doing a lot of sitting around.
And when they, you're off mic. You better get on mic for this conversation.
Have you heard of radio?
Not here? No.
What were you saying about picking up at the roller-rank?
You don't pick go to a roller-rank, you go pick up.
Who doesn't? Anybody?
Oh my god.
To go pick up?
All right, let's compare numbers.
And I'll tell you where I found mine.
Okay.
Where do you think I started?
This is not in 1972.
Nevertheless, it's still there. There are girls there. There are people.
Listen, you, listen, you gotta go and see these girls.
You could pick them up. I know that I can't roller skate.
You don't have to. These chicks weren't.
They were, if they were skating, they were skating around.
No, really, they're there, bro.
Really slowly.
They're in the bar.
Really slowly. You bring a flask.
That's exactly the point. That's the point that I started out with.
There's no liquor there. Yet, here are sluts.
Where there is no liquor.
But the sluts are still there.
Now, if you go to a bar, there will be sluts there.
And liquor. And a whole bunch of guys.
Right? Already in line for this.
And here are some fresh sluts.
And you know what? You know that they're not there with dudes.
Because they're there. They show up two or three or four in a group.
And they're all hanging out together with no guys in their group there.
So you know that they're prowling. That's a pack.
Proling for, for, that's the question.
What, what, what, what, what, what, what?
Who is that roller skate?
What do you kiddin' me?
Right. Exactly.
Exactly, as in...
Yerika.
I told him to do the roller.
So you don't know.
Who, who do you think roller skates?
Go ahead, say it. Say it.
Fags.
Chicks and...
And fags.
Right. And fags, well guess what?
If, if it is...
If they're a sluts, they're at the 70s, dude.
Think it through. Think it through.
If there are chicks there, sluts with tattoos and their midriff showin' and tattoos.
Who's have to do it with it, but...
Okay.
It's where they are and what they are.
Okay.
You know, it used to be a time if you had a tattoo, you were stripper now.
A lot of girls have tattoos, but you know.
You know, the tattoos were like...
You can see them disappearing down into their crotch.
You know, we're like, there's this image and half of it is sticking up out of the front of their pants.
So you know where the other half is?
Right.
That's a slut.
Yeah.
Okay.
They're there where no alcohol.
And if, let's just say your theory is correct and most of the guys there are gay,
then it's wide open.
It's wide open.
Are you thinkin' about that?
Did they pick up?
I do, they're watching.
Yeah.
No.
You're going in circles?
No, but they're looking.
They're looking.
Is there anything to see?
I don't know what they're looking at.
They're looking for tattoos.
I'm looking at them, you know.
I can't see them.
I can catch some eyes.
I can't see them.
They're going in.
Nobody else is here.
You want to see them?
I don't know.
Listen, listen.
How do you think I got that number up so high?
QA M.
Hello.
Thank you for your input.
Yes.
George, you know what I'm talking about?
Celebrity.
I am one of the silent people.
You can pretend you are just for the sake of this conversation.
You're all, I'm one of the silent listeners you never call in.
Always have time to say one respond to the stupid people and never can.
And the other thing is I'm not showing up on the news because I listen to the podcast
almost every day.
Well, we don't do Nielsen and by the way radio ratings work that way also.
It's not about when you listen but what you listen to.
And, you know, I mean, you're all in the MP3 player, you know, backed up for three days.
Because I can't do the AM.
Listen, it still counts.
Don't you understand?
When you fill out a ratings diary, you write down the show that you hear, not when you hear it.
I haven't had a diary in 12 years.
Of course not.
So, I mean, listeners don't get them at least not these days.
The point is my call.
I found acid and I'm going to rush and I'm like, so excited.
I'm like, I guys don't see the guy now because, you know, I went to go to a bowl and I'm almost out.
Jellies?
Six, eight, eight, eight, eight, eight.
But this is...
Is it jelly?
It's almost harsh.
It's good.
Okay.
Alright.
I need to...
I don't want to harsh.
I just got a chill.
I just got a flashback.
Ass, text, patterns, dude.
Attic, pattern.
It's good.
Yeah, that's its back in town.
There's three ways to get in roles.
You know, the old four people brought in, how that is.
Yeah.
They kind of wrote them.
So, I'm just excited to talk to you.
Good.
Great show.
I'm happy for you.
I wish I was dropping acid and going to rush.
Dude, and you know what?
It's the only problem with rush is it's mostly guys.
You know, it's going to be a softer fresh pretty much.
Well, my very first concert was rush and I don't know.
There were a lot of girls there.
Hey.
So...
Hey.
Take heart.
Good show, man.
Take heart.
Can I be a host so I can listen to you live?
I mean, I never could do it.
Why not?
There's nobody else on hold.
Oh, actually, there are two other people on hold.
But, uh, guess what?
It's time for a break and I'll talk to them anyway.
QA, I'm hello.
Hey, what's up, man?
How are you?
Good, good.
I just want to let you know a little bit about these roller-ringed girls, man.
Tell me about the roller girls.
These roller...
I went ahead of date with a girl and we went there and she...
She set me up with her little group of people.
And they were all straight-edge, like no drugs, no alcohol, no sex.
Ew.
Like, Christians?
Yeah, but...
Ew!
Yeah, and that's why I brought you that.
Oh, I got to say that.
That's how it all started because that was one of the few places that, as a Christian,
I was allowed to go to.
So that's why all the Christian kids wound up at the roller-ring.
But guess what?
We did...
Once we got there, hooked up.
Yeah, and then I don't know.
I'm like, hey, so what do you guys do for fun around here?
And they're like, oh, we do, you know, dance-off.
And we dance with each other.
And I'm like, we patty each other with dances.
And I was like, oh my god.
I had to get out of that situation.
Well, these were roller-sleeves.
I'm just talking about roller sluts, man.
Make-up, tight shirts, cleavage, half shirts, tattoos, tight pants, low pants, roller sluts.
Not the people you're talking about.
Oh, no, these girls, they look like that.
But they were just, you know, straight-ed, no drugs.
Listen, as I'm an old man, I know who does and I know who doesn't.
These were doers.
Okay.
All right, man.
Can I tell you one more thing about the, uh, there's a restaurant you're talking about.
The, uh, nothing pot.
Yeah, if it's good.
It's okay.
Um, the only thing I don't understand is, who wants to boil or fry?
Me.
All day long, 16-to-one on 5-60 WQIM.
All right, I'm just laying my lights.
I'm not in fun, and I didn't work planning anything.
I'm just having fun.
All is right with the world now that Paris is off the street.
Paris is off the street is hungry, but she won't eat.
Don't want the pictures on her toilet seat.
On her toilet seat.
She loves to read the Bible.
I think that Jesus is highly, thinks that Jesus is free.
He can't make any music.
And she can't do her hair.
She can't drink any more.
Go and act like a whole not that Paris is off the street.
I'm gonna show America that I'm talented.
Maybe a million there, but they still search their day.
And she has a shrink.
It's a helper of cold.
She better ask for her.
Paris is off the street.
Paris is off the street.
Paris is going to jail.
Yay!
I just stayed there and I heard she's got ass herbys.
What a nasty disgusting.
And again, Neil was talking about it before he left.
He mentioned it.
The parents go visit her and of course they're ushered in ahead of everybody else standing in line.
They make everybody else wait while they're visiting her and then they don't let anybody in while they're visiting her.
And then they get ushered out and then everybody else can go visit.
Why?
Let's say we eat the hiltons.
We just eat them up.
Not Paris because she's got herbys.
And I don't want any heat.
Like herbys infested meat and stuff.
So here we are arguing during the break about the roller rake thing here again.
And the whole point is obviously everybody knows that clubs and bars are where you go to pick up chicks.
That's why yeah, get back on mic.
That's why if I go to a bar or club to pick up on chicks, first of all, there'll be a whole long line of Miguel's in front of me.
I won't get a chick to look at me.
Second of all, the whole point of the conversation is alternative places where you can pick up chicks.
Because guess what?
Surprise.
So there's a lot of fun.
And then there's a lot of fun.
And then there's a lot of fun.
And there were some honeys there last night.
And I was skating by them, doing my moves.
And you know, when I caught them looking and stuff, that's right.
That's right.
Maybe next week, talking.
Trying to teach them how to skate.
Do some talking.
And here's another thing.
Here's another place to pick up chicks.
You're going to say this is gay too, but nevertheless, talk about an excellent ratio.
Yoga class.
I'm on this hole getting off my ass kick, eating right, doing some things.
Getting out of your ass.
Doing yoga, which is on your ass.
That's funny.
Because it's true.
Well, that's the whole point.
It's exercise that you can do while you're laying down, which is why I'm able to talk myself into it.
Do you notice the pattern?
Things that actually count as exercise that I can talk myself into, barely count as exercise.
Roller skating is actually fun.
Right.
All right.
It's playing.
It's not exercising.
It's playing.
Well, you get good fast.
Trust me.
You get better faster than you think you do.
And the other thing is yoga.
And here's like me and this other dude in the yoga class around it by all these women.
The whole spectrum.
You guys are like separating.
You're like the whole next to each other.
On this particular claim.
He came and set up next because it was the only open spot because he came in late.
But normally we're far apart.
You've got to believe it.
Good.
And I'm next to this woman with a very nice body and everything like that.
And with my daughter on the other side, chap running me, of course.
But here's all these women.
And I was starting to say the whole spectrum is there.
The whole spectrum is represented.
Yeah, you can answer the phone, Chris.
It's all right.
The whole spectrum is represented.
So you got young and old.
Fat and skinny.
Yeah, you're all the above.
But that means that in a class of like, and I think the room maybe, I don't know, 15, 20 chicks in the class,
that means that maybe five of them are going to be hittable, hit worthy.
And here's the thing about the yoga class or anything like that.
So you had a club.
You got to have an opening line.
No, I'm just cute.
Okay, all right, Mr. Stud.
The girls are good looking guys.
So his opening line is, look at my face.
Do you see how handsome I am?
If you're lucky, I will allow you to talk to me.
Later on, I'll introduce you to something else.
That's Miguel's line.
See, the rest of us have to have an excuse.
Like, why are you talking to me?
But when you're in yoga class, you can talk about yoga stuff.
And here's another thing about yoga class.
You get to see the perspective female from every possible angle.
Have you ever seen a woman doing the downward dog?
They're wearing the black tight.
They're wearing little workout shorts.
Little short workouts.
It's like rolled down.
You know those rolled down shorts there?
And the shirt, if anyone is done yoga or seen it done,
you know that they're getting into every position.
They're going upside down.
The shirt is rolling out.
Everything is happening.
Hey, it's like this woman was doing this pose.
She stuck her ass up in the air and held it up with her hands
and had her legs sticking straight up in the air.
And it's like she could read my mind.
You know what would be really cool right now is if you spread your legs.
And then she did.
And she did.
Right there in front of me.
I thought, ah, that's really nice.
Okay.
Yes, yes I am.
For some cat.
So that's what I'm saying is that you got all these alternative places
where ugly slubs like me with a quickly developing ball spot
can actually have a chance because all the good looking,
pimpy looking guys like you were at the club.
So here I am cruising the roller rink and yoga class.
I mean, just for fun honey, it's just a radio show.
Yeah, exactly.
But they're there.
They're there.
And I'm not saying that these women at yoga class or sluts,
probably who knows, long averages apply.
I guess a couple of them got to be right.
Sure they're there too.
But they're all dressed like sluts.
Everybody's dressed in something workout-ish.
So you can't really just spot the sluts.
They didn't put makeup on to go to the gym unless they're Cuban.
And some in Hollywood, right?
Cuban women put on makeup to go to the bathroom.
That's a good one.
I know, which is another thing.
Don't wear heels to the beach.
They wear heels to the beach.
Like how can you walk around?
How can you wear those shoes to the beach?
Why do they do that?
They can make both sounds.
Why do they switch them?
Answer that.
That's a mystery of the universe.
It is.
You're going to wear those shoes to the beach.
Why can't you say shoes to the beach?
I think so.
You just made both those sounds.
Your mouth can make those.
You can make those sounds with your mouth.
You're going to wear those shoes to the beach.
What?
What word did you say?
Beach.
Beach.
Son of a bitch.
4-1 on all beach radio, 5-60 WQAM.
Have a million dollar weekend.
WQAM, 56.
Who wears shorts and black socks when he mows the lawn?
Falls asleep in the recliner when the baseball game is on.
The daddy man.
Hold the daddy man can't.
Yeah, the daddy man can't.
Hell, he doesn't have a clue when he embarrasses you.
Who answers the front door in his undershots?
Who can wake the dead when he begins to snort the daddy man?
Yes, the daddy man can't.
The daddy man can't as he doesn't give a good about what other people think.
Old and daddy man drives under 55 when he's on my way cruising.
While listening to boring music,
it's enough to make you lose it.
A dad, dad, dad, who's the dog you've got to?
When you need a loan,
he says go ask your mom and leave him the hell alone.
Yes, the daddy man can't because you live under his roof and he makes all the rules.
A daddy man, a daddy man, a daddy man, man, man.
By the way, folk of Bryan is listening.
Not trying not to play your bits today,
just having to have all these fathers day bits.
If we don't use them today, when the hell.
They're all brand new, they're all not funny.
But they're appropriate.
I feel compelled to blow them out on Friday.
So there you go, Bryan.
Love your stuff.
Nothing is better, of course.
Nothing even comes close.
Oh, I guess KJ is close.
Notice I didn't say Todd Pettingill there, Bryan.
But at least this stuff is nice and long.
So speaking of long, this is a long day.
I feel like going and taking a nap now after lunch.
Is it just psychosomatic because that's a red wine kind of a...
The cocovon is a red wine base and it's just the smell of it boiling
and the flavor of it makes me feel like I had a glass of wine.
Or could it be that it's raining outside?
That it's all cloudy and raining and that's another psycho thing.
Why does that happen?
Why is it when it's all raining that you feel like taking a nap?
You notice that?
Because it's nice and comforting and that the rain sound is just...
It does.
I guess they do have those rain making sound things.
Which is cool.
So I've got some stories.
Let me give the numbers out.
I'll give people a chance to actually have a conversation.
We'll have a real radio show if that happens.
But if not, I've got some stories I can actually read in or talk about.
56670560 and date in Broward, pound 560 is free.
If you have AT&T wireless or Verizon, 8777856345 is our toll-free line outside of the date and Broward counties.
Is this a call?
Is it really a call?
QA hello.
I just want to wish a happy Father's Day, my brother.
Happy Father's Day.
I'm off the hook for the anniversary.
Thanks to the River House.
Thanks to Dubh hookin' up that River House the reservation for us.
So I don't...
Nice place to go.
It's going to be very...
I have to dress up.
Yeah.
Oh, jeez, I didn't know that.
All right.
And pick a bath.
Oh, I was going to do that anyway.
Behind the ears.
I'm a very clean slob.
I've struck a very nice, fun, shway-esque balance between looking like a slob,
but actually being very clean underneath my slob and Lee closed.
And don't forget, if he's going to wear that, are you going to wear that to go out with me?
Oh, I never get that.
You've never got that?
I never get that.
She gets that.
But I guess that's good because you get it different and my wife's ready for me.
And more stories.
Well, you have a good one, buddy.
All right, have several.
What?
You're two, but you're never going to get that.
I'm never going to get what?
You're wearing that?
Yeah.
Not from an American woman.
She's not going to criticize what I wear.
Although I'm trying to think if she might have...
She might have.
Yeah.
When I dress too slob, and Lee, to something.
But then it goes the other way.
Like, when we're going to a family Christmas party or something like that.
She's like...
What?
What?
You act like we're going to a wedding.
And I said, and I say, act like you're going to a wedding.
Dress as if you're going...
Not what are your family's weddings, either.
All right?
Not drive through Vegas wedding and a pickup truck.
Like a real wedding.
And a church.
Dress like that.
QA and a love.
Hey, if you're a Jowari.
How are you?
Oh, good.
I just wanted to...
I haven't been listening until recently because of work.
But have you mentioned the summer of love festival in Del Rey on Saturday?
No.
Okay.
It's going to be a beautiful big fest with tribute bands to Hendrick.
Choplin, the Grateful Dead and the Doors.
Now, is this the same festival that took place over here at Grenel's Park recently?
I don't think so.
This is by a guy named Jerry Lehman, Screamin Lehman, a used-don-a-bar here.
And it's four tribute bands.
It starts at two o'clock at the old school square right on Atlantic Avenue in Del Rey.
All right.
And it's outside and it's going to be a fun time.
You can bring blankets and lawn chairs and everybody's going to have a good time with the dead.
All right.
The reason I ask is because we went to the The Loven or whatever.
It just sounded very familiar at Grenel's Park here.
We were thinking that, well, I don't know what we had in mind, but it wasn't.
First of all, we thought that we were going to be all these booths with all kinds of cool things.
You know, Mac or May Halter tops and paraphernalia, you know, and bags made out of hemp and things like that.
And there was nothing.
There was like a Peruvian booth with some stupid bead necklaces and things like that.
And then it was hot.
And there was at least one cop for every two people.
So you didn't catch a whiff of anything sweet anywhere on the grounds.
So I hope that is better than the one that we attended.
Del Rey is more relaxed.
And I happened to catch this Hendrix guy when I was out in Las Vegas about two months ago.
And he was worth the price of admission just to see somebody play a guitar like that.
All right.
Thanks for the tip.
Yeah, good luck to all of us.
If there's something fun going on, then we need nobody.
I'm going to have to drive home through a driving rainstorm.
How do you like that?
Oh, well, I guess there's worse things like not being able to drive home.
That's correct.
Through a driving rainstorm.
So here are some stories.
Oh, wait.
There's a call there.
I might get into the...
We have some stories.
You can help me make this decision here, Miguel.
See, this is why you need some person to answer the phone and one person to pay attention.
Now, the person actually paid attention to the phones.
You gave me the story yesterday.
Kellogg to raise nutrition on kids' foods.
You hear that story?
Yeah, he goes to the yesterday.
Right.
Is your mic actually on this time?
I think so.
All right.
Good.
Oh, yeah, that's me.
Here are our story options for just in case.
I'm going to lock one of these into chamber in case.
Okay.
Kellogg's changing the standards for advertising marketing to children under 12.
There's an option.
What do you call this?
Man faces a seven-year sentence under wiretapping law for filming the police in a public place.
Very interesting.
A man who's like the guy.
An 18-year-old kid videotape the cops doing stuff.
And they arrested him for wiretapping in a public place.
Traffic stops.
They broke the law.
They're in trouble.
Yeah, you've got a lawyer.
So there's that story.
We've also got US mortgage foreclosures rising on the rise 90% in May because you know, you know,
there's just sticking it to his taxes, insurance, and all those other things.
Oh, that's a help is coming, I think.
Higher interest rates, yeah, you think.
I hope.
We got that story I could possibly talk about.
This is one that, now, between me, it's one of these two stories.
Goat sacrificing and coral gables so I get to rip Cubans and Christians at the same time.
Okay.
All right.
And, you know, or this one's got a lot of weight over here.
Woman jailed for a testicle attack.
It wasn't a mild testicle attack.
Did you get to be a dead old man who couldn't pass any tests?
I give you that yesterday too.
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I don't care.
See, here's the thing about that.
It was interesting until I found out that it was like in the Ukraine or something like that.
Nobody cares about stupid people on the other side of the world.
So you tell somebody that's like, hey, did you hear about the stupid guy that can't pass an elementary school test?
It's like, you know, tell me about it.
Well, in the Ukraine, odd, these other Ukrainians are stupid who cares.
Yeah.
They don't know.
They're probably having sex with goats for crying out loud.
QA, hello.
George, how are you doing?
How are you?
All right.
I just heard a news board about the Ebbara County Commission is angry about the tax cuts that are proposed.
Because they said they're going to have to fire 1,000 people from the schools.
My question is, if they want to steal the money from the lot of conception,
wouldn't it be a lot?
Because if I had them correctly, when the lot of was passed,
originally it was designed for schools and things like that.
It's for school money.
No, no, no, no, that's the school budget.
We're going to take the other school budget, spend it somewhere else.
Well, yeah, because Martina shows it directly.
We directed a lot of folks to general funds, which is the, you know, they can do with it what they want.
And it's just so, it makes me laugh that these guys are bitching about where's the money going when they've been spending the money all along.
I know.
All right.
Yeah, we have a good day.
Thank you, you too.
I'll do my best.
It's Friday and get out of here and get baked.
Here's the thing about this.
I want to hear the last one.
The testicle attack.
Yeah.
By the way, I just want to bring the audience up to date.
As soon as we went into a break, you had to admit that the clubs are expensive.
Oh, yeah.
That's another thing.
That $8 drink you were talking about.
Guess how much it cost to get into the roller rink?
Eight bucks.
Yeah.
Oh, wait.
Eight bucks.
That's right.
Exactly.
And you can hang out there for three hours and guess what?
There are bunnies.
There are sluts.
And let's just say 90% of the guys there are gay.
Great.
Certainly there was one guy there that was a flaming streamer hitting on Vinnie.
Poor Vinnie.
Vinnie looked like a rock and roll roadie.
You know, the shaved head, the little go-t rock and roll shirt, like something like a skull or something like that on it.
You follow?
Good almost taken as a compliment, I guess.
Well, I guess if you're stronger.
Listen, you should take it as a compliment.
Absolutely.
You should.
It was funny guys that where he had like hair down to here and he was using his glasses as like a headband to keep the hair man.
What's your, what's your, is that gay?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
No.
On your nose, see here in the back here, right?
Let's say you're driving around or something like that and somebody hands you a map and you got to read it.
If you can put the glasses on top of your head really, really briefly, maybe without taking your hand off of it.
Raise them up like maybe up on your forehead, right there to read the thing or you know, and maybe if you let go of your hand,
it's got to be a timer, right?
There's got to be a little bit of a countdown timer.
Right back down.
Right.
But if you're actually walking around with the glasses on your head, you might as well tie a sweater around your neck.
That means the same thing, right?
Yeah.
You might as well, the glasses, the sweater and the clogs just go all the way, just wear all of them and you know what?
Some nice 80s pastel colors might suit you fine while you're at it just to go whole hog.
The nice aqua.
Sure.
Some nice teal, you know, maybe a nice cream peach.
All right, I'll get to the testicle story after the break.
Thank you for everything.
I'm going to kill that segment.
Now yeah, and that's a tease.
112 on all tease radio, 560 WQAM.
I'm gonna sing the radio, shall be loved.
And welcome back to the Radio Shopping Club. I'm your host David.
You know, Fondage Day is coming up and it's time to think about Dear Old Dad.
Now, we know you think your dad's the greatest. Of course you do.
But what about dads that aren't so great.
You know, dads that promised a show for the holidays but don't.
Dads who spend their money on exotic dancers rather than on child support.
You know, your classic deadbeat dad.
Well, the Radio Shopping Club has the perfect gift.
Introducing the RSE Deadbeat Dad's collection.
Yes, here they are. Coffee Mugs.
Hats, T-shirts, even golf balls all emblazoned with the slogan,
world's greatest deadbeat dad is the perfect way to show your deadbeat dad and the world
what you really think.
We can even ship it to him directly.
That is if you know the address of the trampy shacking up with.
Order now and be sure to ask your operator about our three months of
back child support delayed payment option.
Call now.
RSE Radio Shopping Club.
I hate it when I run out of a bit and I'm not done typing a text message yet.
I don't get that.
I don't get that.
17 on 560 WQAM we got to manage.
Come and have I, hey listen, other people take phone calls in the middle of the show.
Why can't I do that?
So Curtis comes in and he says that yeah, whatever scene that you can mention,
whatever scene that you can think of, there be sluts there.
And we don't mean that in a bad way.
We mean that in a good way.
That's a very good way.
It's a very good, see the word slut doesn't sound good and it's been used negatively
and it has negative connotations.
And I've been searching my whole life for an alternative word.
And I wanted to make an acronym out of it but I haven't gotten, I haven't gotten a good one out of it.
Like slut like sexually liberated, you know.
In other words, women who are willing to have sex with you without making you go through a whole big rigourmeral expensive rigourmeral in order to do so.
See those kinds of women might, they might consider themselves normal and integrity and good girl or stuff like that.
But if you're expecting a man to spend a lot of time and money on you before you have sex and what you really are as a whore,
you're a prostitute.
You're trading, you're trading something of value, someone else's time and money for pun.
So you're a prostitute technically, whereas the sluts who get maligned all the time who are willing to have sex with you for some other reason, maybe you have good reason, maybe the only good reason.
Because you're good looking or you made them laugh.
Do you understand? You appealed to them and so they're ready to have sex with you right now and they're not going to make you go through a whole hell of life.
That's a compliment. What makes you feel better than that?
Well that goes back to Josh's thing, what if it's the first day?
Well I disagree with Josh.
Well it's not about that. So why?
All right, nevertheless. Josh, right now.
So anyway, that's what we don't feel accomplished when we do something like that.
But you know what, if you had to go to too much trouble then you feel like a tool.
So anyway, we would like to be able to meet women who will have sex with you without putting up too much of a fight, without having to go through the whole thing.
It's a very refreshing, that's a nice compliment, it makes you feel good.
It's like really not sex with me right now and I don't have to buy you nothing.
No man. That works.
Sure. Why do you think my number is up so high? I lived where they lived.
It was cool. You know what I mean?
You're funny, let's have sex. It was like that.
So Curtis comes in and says, yeah man, there's pit sluts.
You know you go to the race car, you go to the races, there's pit sluts.
You go over here, there's these sluts.
You go to the four-h fair where the girls are comparing the prized pigs and goats that they raised or something and I will get to the goat sacrifice story eventually.
And there are sluts there.
And again, slut meaning a sexually liberated female who will have sex with you without making you spend money on her.
How gross-boarding event.
Oh yeah, I know, they're there. I've been there.
Unfortunately the ratio is all wrong at the sporting event.
Usually those girls who are there are there with a dude already and if they're not there with dudes then what's the ratio?
Four to one, four to one dudes per slut at a sporting event?
Yeah, but the quality dude is like that on the floor.
Like you have opportunity, you know, your percentages.
By you, by me?
Yes, really.
Alright, because you're not focused on what's going on on the field.
Looks like I'm going to more sporting events.
Yeah, I have no idea what hockey went on in the field.
I don't know how to do that.
Listen, I've been to several hockey games because of the free hook up and hockey is the least boring spectator sport to watch.
Actually TV Harb, the action is continuous as opposed to the leather egg pushing contest where you have 10 seconds of action per hour.
You know, football.
Oh, okay.
They spend an hour lining up and huddling and playing grab-ass and then there's the snap.
They slap, they slap, one guy slaps the other one on the taint, they snap the ball.
There's 10 seconds of action maybe as they all jump into a pile with each other.
They all get into a big pile.
I love what you guys just in a big pile.
Then you guys break up a big pile in order to jump into this big pile.
So yeah, I know what you mean.
So yeah, I like the hockey games and also it's cool.
Yeah.
It's nice and air conditioned and cool at the hockey games.
Yeah.
So yeah, we get the free hookups and they're sure you're right.
They were wandering around.
You know not watching the game.
Wandering around always.
Yeah.
So I think we're going to do that next week.
We're going to take a poll.
Which scene has the most untapped slots other than the bar slash club scene.
Because we all know about that one.
And it's expensive and the bar is full of dudes that look like Miguel.
But dress better.
I know you have the ability to dress like a Cuban.
I've seen you do it.
So it's alright.
Yeah.
It's just we work here.
So what's the point?
Look at see the way that Chris is dressed right now.
He could go to Montana right now and look like a local.
He's wearing a plaid shirt over another shirt.
That's not good for my hand bro.
No, that's not good.
That's why I never got anywhere down here.
That's why I married the first time.
You went to what Miami High?
No, there's not that.
South Miami High man.
Go Cobras.
No, not that bad.
Are you kidding?
I didn't look like anybody in that play.
I don't know.
There were three groups.
The blacks, the spics and the gray and the um, and the gringos.
And I didn't dress like any of them.
I thought that the gringos at least I could fit in with the gringos.
But no, they were almost as plastic as the spics.
They were concerned.
Well, that's just it.
It's important.
They got to get the girls to respond to them.
Right.
And the gringo women likewise.
It's like, here's this chick dressed like she's going to a church.
All this makeup and all this clothes and all this stuff.
Making you look like just dull by comparison.
And the same thing was going on with the guys.
And I wasn't going to get into that race.
You know what?
I take that back.
I actually tried and I was an embarrassed that I tried for a while.
I went out and I bought the clothes and I felt like an idiot.
I felt so gay.
I felt so stupid with the early 80s.
I actually bought some sassoon jeans.
Come on.
Left.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
You bought some Vidal sassoon.
No, no, no.
I would have bought it.
The sassoon.
The sassoon came with a little okay symbol on them.
Oh my.
Oh my.
I really did a little bit better.
This is embarrassment.
This is a boy.
Where is it?
Oh my god.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're standing.
You're like hiding your face right now.
I'm crying.
I got a tear over here.
I bought some shirts with buttons on them.
It's alright.
Nothing.
Nothing like yours.
You have a plaid shirt with buttons on it.
I'm not talking about like an over throw it over shirt.
I'm talking about it.
So we got the ID numbers and buttons and long sleeves.
I'm going to high school and a long sleeve shirt.
Are you kidding me?
It's not even a wearer.
Wait, wait.
I went to highly a high.
Oh god.
How?
How could you?
Well, I went there for aviation magnet.
I have to say, being one of the few gringos was not a negative thing for me.
I guess, like being the only...
The clothes you were different.
Yeah, exactly.
And everybody loves me.
He's smoking with me.
Oh, look, I've got to return facts from the bigot.
They go, I must be right.
Your colors have confirmed that they get...
What is it?
Kubichis dollars.
Now who's the bigot?
And who is Fingelire?
Get your facts before you open your mouth.
You're still an Fingelire.
I told you I'm sure.
What?
Cubans get Kubichis.
Whoever this is at Vincent's Tropicals.
We had a couple of bozos call up and say,
Oh yeah, I got some money.
My uncle got some money.
Never heard of such a thing.
Kubichis.
Have you ever heard of such a thing?
My brother came from Meriel.
He didn't get Jack.
Nobody that I know got anything.
Kubichis.
I have no idea what they're talking about.
So here you go.
Another gringo.
Is that like a bigot?
They got to make stuff up about other people.
And it doesn't answer any of my other points.
There's no such thing as a Cuban illegal alien.
And that's what I was talking about.
And nobody got nothing that you didn't get.
What's I got to do with being a bigot?
Oh, I called him a bigot when I returned his fax.
He didn't you read mine?
Because he said that was his car.
Yeah, I called him a bigot.
Because he says the same thing that you hear all these people saying about the Cubans all the time.
They come over here for unemployment.
You didn't address any of it.
And you got a big mouth, not a little one.
Huh? Yeah.
They come over here.
They get welfare.
They get unemployment.
All this lies.
All these lies.
Well, fair is what they already have in Cuba.
They already got a voucher in Cuba.
They already got a ration card.
They can sit on their ass and go to the ration store and get their rations whether they work or not.
That's already exists over there.
Nobody comes to America to get freaking welfare.
Well, fair?
Well, fair.
Whether it's from Cuba or anywhere else.
Nobody came to America to get welfare.
That's a bigot admit that bigot admit in bread tools like Vincent's tropicals that people like that like to make up because you're jealous.
Because you're a bigot.
Because you can't stand on into the whole welfare thing.
No kidding.
You got to tell me that?
Yeah.
Yeah.
There are in every branch of government.
You turn on the TV.
Everybody's name ends with a Z.
You look at the, at whose up for election everybody's name ends with a Z.
You get there with food stamps and welfare.
That's how you do that.
That's how you take over a town.
It's with welfare and food stamps.
You freaking freaking bigots.
But nice.
Thanks for listening to Mr. Vincent's tropicals.
You're still a skeven bigot.
All right?
The glove is down.
I ever see you.
We're at it.
126 on my city.
You did again.
Oh, yeah.
Testicles coming up next.
I'm not.
We're down younger.
In the heart of Dixie.
The land of costume.
In the heart of Dixie.
The land of costume.
Their droplets are cranking.
They're like a feather.
A feather feather.
The church is up.
Peace and food are all admirable.
Bristol, there's some faith in God.
The Christian bedmets.
New recreation.
Bristol bed sensation.
Bristol bed.
All of God's children.
You've got good to be.
Now do good they are taken.
Interbeing in their sleep.
Don't feel very down in the glass.
Most definitely.
They're horny.
They're reborn.
So they break more.
Bristol bed sensation.
Whooo!
Whooo!
Whooo!
Whooo!
Whooo!
27-2-560-WQA.
And one more thing for the Vincent's tropical sky before I get into this testicle story.
You can make up stuff, bigoted crap and fax it in.
That doesn't make it a fact.
And people can call up whether or not they have accents and say all kinds of crap.
And that doesn't make it a fact.
I have my memories and my experiences and those of my family and the people that they know.
And none of them got nothing besides what I described at the beginning of the show that maybe you didn't hear.
Alright, that's point number one.
If you want to talk about facts and send in a facts and say the word fact and get your facts straight.
You made a statement.
You made some accusations.
You made some bigoted claims that are not true.
So the burden of proof is on you.
My bigoted inbred mugwomp walleyed webfooted sister effing mugwomp friend.
The burden of proof is on you.
To back up those bigoted statements with some facts.
Alright?
The system is what it is.
I didn't make it what it is.
And anybody that's getting anything right now had nothing to do with me because I didn't make it that way.
And still everything that you said in your facts was an effing bigoted lie which is what you are.
An effing inbred walleyed bigot.
Vincent's tropicals.
So woman jailed for testicle attack on a brighter note.
A woman who ripped off her ex-boyfriend's testicle with her bare hands has been sent to prison.
Now this is in England so it's almost like it happened here, right?
England is a civilized place.
It's not like it's in the Ukraine like that other story but the stupid guy that you sent me.
This isn't like an outer Mongolia.
This story had been taking place in outer Mongolia.
We wouldn't have cared so much but it's England.
It's right there.
Amanda Monti, 24, flew into a raid when Jeffrey Jones, 37 rejected her advances at the end of a house party.
Liverpool Crown Court heard.
That's what they call their court there and they wear those little wigs in that silly.
Let me turn your mic on so you can grunt.
And we'll get some feedback going.
She pulled off his left testicle and tried to swallow it.
Before spitting it out, are you ready?
No it gets funnier.
You don't think it's going to get funnier.
Trust me.
A friend handed it back to Mr. Jones saying, that's yours.
How did he know?
Hey Bill!
I'm sorry the guy's name is Jeffrey.
Hey Jeff!
I just saw an attesticle.
It looks like yours.
Mike, this may yours.
Monti admitted wounding and was jailed for two and a half years.
Sentencing Monti, Judge Charles James said it was a very serious injury and that Monti was not acting in self-defense.
The court heard that Mr. Jones had ended his long-term relationship but open relationship.
Wait, this is written weird.
It says the court heard that Mr. Jones had ended his long-term relationship but open relationship with Monti towards the end of the last year.
His long-term but open relationship, I'm just reading it wrong.
It was an open relationship that means that there were a lot of data other people.
You've heard that open marriage, open relationship.
We have an relationship, we date, but you're a lot of data other people.
Listen, there are all kinds of nuances to relationships.
And here's something funny.
Hey, they're all open.
You just might not know it.
How's that?
You don't know what your wife's doing right now while you're at work.
Are your girlfriend?
Are you with your girlfriend or your wife right now?
You have no idea what she's doing or who she's doing or where they're doing it.
You might be in an open relationship because all it takes is one of the people in the relationship decided that it's an open relationship.
And they don't have to tell you that it's an open relationship or that they think it is.
The pair remained on good terms and on 30th of May, this is all British.
This is BBC News so it's all British backwards.
She picked him up from a party in Crosby and went back for drinks with friends at Mr. Jones's house.
An argument ensued and Mr. Jones said there was a struggle between them.
In this statement, Mr. Jones said she grabbed his genitals and pulled hard.
Wow.
How did it?
Oh, I had it. Let me get to that part.
Ah!
He added that caused my underpants to come off and I found it was completely naked and in excruciating pain.
This woman is strong.
I'd say I still want to know how.
You still want to know what?
How did it get?
How did she...
Listen, listen, you're getting ahead of me.
The court heard that a friend saw Monty put Mr. Jones' testicle in her mouth and tried to swallow it.
She choked and spat it into her hand before the friend grabbed it and gave it back to Mr. Jones.
Doctors were unable to reattach the organ.
That's all right.
They have inserts.
They have prostheses.
And the letter to the court, Monty said she was sorry for what she had done.
She said it was never my intention to cause harm to Jeff and the fact that I have caused an injury will live with me forever.
I am in no way a violent person.
You are in one particular way, a very violent person.
Extremely violent, how am I?
Possibly in the worst way that you could be.
The second worst way that you could be.
How do you get through pants?
Through underwear.
All right.
And I'm...
See, he caused my underpants to come off as what he said.
So I'm assuming that maybe he was in his underwear.
Maybe they were doing some part of the party, right?
I don't know.
The letter added...
Who was wearing trousers?
This is the last line.
You don't know that, British?
We don't know the kind of party it was.
The letter added...
Open mirror.
I have challenged myself to explain what has happened.
But still, I just cannot remember.
This has caused so much anguish to me and will do for the rest of my life says this chick.
That's how it's like a grabbing chick.
She won't remember for as long as he will.
No, you're right about that.
QA hello.
Hey George, what's up, man?
How are you?
Hey George, it's been real quick.
Hey, I just followed fantastic mobile, man.
I ain't got a third bottom, man, but it's so, it's my...
All right, that's all I need.
It's not just an album or getting naked like the first one.
Okay.
That's not always button naked.
And it's still a start of a silver, silver, silver way.
It came from all I could.
And George, please tell me what you do with your wife, man.
Because I need an anniversary gift, man.
I think it...
Take her to dinner.
Thank you, Duff and the River House.
And for it, Lauderdale, thank you, Duff and Dug, Doug, the executive chef and operating partner for Hoke and this thing up.
And we agreed that we're not going to buy anything for each other for the anniversary.
And by that, I mean, I'm not going to spend my money on her and she's not going to spend my money on something that I don't want and didn't want and don't have any intention of using and I'm going to throw it in a drawer.
Oh, thank you, honey, I love everything you've ever bought me with my own money.
Is what I mean.
I'm going to tell you something, right?
She's going to buy me something with her money that she made with her job.
Right.
And it will probably be something nice that I like, like the last time that she bought me something.
Anyway, there are 301 Southwest 3rd Avenue in Fort Lauderdale and if you want to know more about them and there are fine plays that I didn't know is going to have to dress up.
I mean, I got to go buy a jacket on Saturday.
9545257661, that's 9545257661 to find out about the River House.
A very nice, fine place in Fort Lauderdale where I'm going to be on Saturday celebrating for lack of a better term my anniversary.
And I'm not going to tell you what number it is.
Tonight I'm guessing you're going to a Salvation Army.
You know what?
You know the Tuxedo jacket that I think you've seen me in.
Were you at that Joe Castello party where I was drunk and puking?
Yeah, I had to play.
All right. Well, that's the night that I ruined my Tuxedo jacket because it was part of my costume.
Oh, okay.
Now I got splatter on it because I see the punch.
You had the punch.
I did.
It was deceptively alcoholic.
It had like, was it ever-
It was fun.
It was delicious.
It tasted like coolated.
It tasted, they had the ice cream floating in it.
Top notch punch.
I remember that party.
Flavored with ever-clearates.
Like this is like candy.
This doesn't take an alcoholic at all.
So I drank a lot of it and wound up puking.
I had devil horns.
I was dressed up like Satan.
And I was puking so hard that my forehead sweat caused the devil horns to fall off.
They were glued on there.
They fell off.
Into the puking.
Yeah.
And then I had to be funny.
I had some wax lips with vampire teeth.
You know, on them for Halloween.
It's like, look at me, I'm a vampire.
Am I Satan?
No, I'm a vampire because I've got wax lips but I put them in my pocket.
And then since I puked on the jacket, I took it to the dry cleaners, right?
Do you see where this is going?
I took the jacket with the puke on it to the dry cleaners with wax lips in the pocket.
Well, they got cleaned.
They didn't check the pockets.
They didn't check the pockets.
So the red wax melted all over the one side.
Now it's just like...
Now it's waterproof tuxedo jacket on the one side.
Yeah, it's just garbage.
So I guess where I bought that tuxedo jacket.
Jewish thrift store on Helen Dove, each full of our sweet jacket.
There's nothing wrong with it.
Yeah, so I might be able to go to the thrift store and see if I can find this myself.
Another jacket to go to this fancy restaurant.
And snosh.
No kidding.
Cheap ass is right.
What do you think?
You bet you're sweet ass.
I'm a cheap ass.
QAM hello.
Almost.
QAM hello.
I guess they're gone.
We're having too much fun.
I'm cracking up too.
I guess so on that note.
I'm going to turn off the mic so I can live harder now.
So I can say the word I wanted to say.
18-12 and all cheap radio 560 QAM.
You can't stay with Dad this year.
Do the next best thing.
Stay at a Father's Days in.
We are airbath, everybody.
Hello.
I'm not going to write tonight.
Help me one.
Welcome to Father's Days in, I'm Dad.
Uh, yeah, I need a room.
Yeah, yeah, I should think, honey.
But be a good girl first.
And don't fix your old man up here.
Dad.
At Father's Days in, we'll treat you the same way your dad does.
My dad's this is Dad.
Uh, hi, Dad.
I need a wake up call for 9 AM.
Oh, you'll be up by 10.
I'll be moving along right outside your window at 7 AM.
Yeah.
When you stay at a Father's Days in,
you're staying under Dad's roof and he makes the rule.
What the hell?
What do you want?
I'm watching the game.
Uh, yeah.
My air conditioning isn't working.
You suck it up in my day, we didn't even have AC.
We sweat like pigs all day and we'll like Dad.
Uh, take a high.
Father's Days in, you'll never amount to any day.
I'm going to say this facts for later.
Maybe, maybe later.
And speaking of deadbeats,
Bokeh Brian wants everyone to know that he hasn't gotten paid.
And he's, uh, having to pay his mortgage on a credit card.
Some of us have been there, Bokeh Brian.
Some of our first experiences with this company
was going six weeks without a paycheck.
Even though we were told by some people, Greg Read,
that we would never miss a paycheck.
Oh, you'll be taken care of.
Oh, yes, everything's fine.
And we're going to cut and paste into new Rogers show.
And it's entirely going to bring everything over here.
We're going to just be producing new Rogers show over here.
Which also turned out to be a whole bunch of crap.
This George Corso that told me that, uh, you know,
Greg, um, makes promises and says things.
Not really realizing what is involved in doing what he has promised to do.
Etc.
But that was then, and this is now, and I like to, uh, you know,
I don't know if it doesn't please me to see that things haven't changed much
because this man still can't get paid.
And I was told by someone that he would be getting paid this week,
and apparently it hasn't happened yet and here it is Friday.
So it's sad.
So Manage, KJ, Bokeh Brian, who knows how many other people
haven't gotten money from these people when it's due.
But hey, you know, what can I say?
I feel, I guess I should feel very fortunate, you know,
that, uh, at least I get direct deposit, even though I'm not getting any extra money
for doing any of these film shows or anything like that.
I'm one of the lucky ones because the pittance that they do give me,
at least I get it, I actually get it most of the time when I'm actually supposed to.
And, um, I guess this guy signed his facts bigot.
He didn't hear anything that I said, and he's a Mexican apology.
He didn't, yeah, well see, because it's very simple because I'm not a hypocrite.
And I was talking about my experience, we didn't get no money.
And I wasn't talking about the rafters.
I don't believe in rafters.
I don't believe that there should be a special policy for Cubans
and a different policy for other people.
But that is the fact, is that Cubans are allowed to stay over here when they hit land.
And if several Cubans told you that they get food stamps in $200 and $250 cash,
that has nothing to do with my experience or the experience of my family
because we did not get that.
Alright, and if that's going on, if it actually is going on,
and let's just say for the sake of the conversation,
that that is going on, then it's wrong.
And if that money is coming from taxpayers, then that means me.
And I don't want my money going to anyone wherever the F they happen to be from.
You understand?
Because just because you were born near me or in the same place as me,
that doesn't make you anything to me except a neighbor or something like that.
That doesn't mean I owe you something, just because we were born geographically close to each other.
Alright, you have to do something a little bit more than that for me to be loyal to you.
And my loyalty is with the people who did buy me a plane ticket to come over here,
which is the American taxpayer.
That's the group that I belong to.
That's the only group that I identify with.
Not refugees, refugee wannabes, refugees now, refugees in the past, American taxpayers.
That's what I am now.
Presumably, the person who owns this fax machine is also an American taxpayer.
I'm right there with you.
Nobody should be coming over here and getting anything for free that we the taxpayers pay for.
And I don't know why, you know, and Cuban rafter stealing jobs once again.
They're not here illegally.
I didn't create that system.
I didn't create that what-foot dry-foot system that allows them to stay.
And according to you, entitles them to food stamps and money.
I didn't create that system.
I'm not in favor of that system.
That system pisses me off quite frankly.
And it doesn't matter which country people come from.
It shouldn't be made worth their while to come over here illegally or otherwise.
So there you go.
How's that?
Anything?
No?
Okay.
QA, hello.
George.
Yes.
My son just came from Cuba.
Okay.
Actually, we smaller women from Mexico, but that's what I'm saying.
This is going to sound like a set-up call right now.
No.
Well, I mean, I know I just went to the call.
We don't ask you.
We don't know who you are or what you're going to talk about.
But is the aunt taken them around to the different agencies?
Mm-hmm.
He's going to get Medicaid a check for $189 some months.
Wow.
For $100 food stamps.
And of course, till he gets on his feet for one year.
What a scam.
And is that fair?
No.
But like Nick Saven said, it is what it is.
I didn't create that system.
There you go.
Favorite that system?
That's a system that's causing you money.
If they're offering you money, I don't owe that guy.
I don't owe that guy any money.
He doesn't deserve to be in my pocket.
It's outrageous.
And it's making the rest of us look bad.
I agree, but if they're giving it to us, we're going to take it.
Who's us?
I'm not...
Her, you, him, or...
The government.
Sorry.
I'm not down with that.
How about don't take it and make us look good?
I'll take food if it's free.
Thanks a lot.
Especially from books.
You're not taking it from books.
You're taking it from me.
You're taking it from me.
I don't owe you or your son or anybody any money.
Well, is there an offer?
We're going to take it.
You're scum.
You're filth.
Thank you.
But thanks for calling.
Get on your feet now.
You're an embarrassment.
I get Baina.
I get Baina.
Get your hand out of my pocket.
And out of the pockets of all the other tax paying Americans.
Thank you very much.
Make it as look like moochies.
Make it as look like bombs.
You scum.
QAM, hello.
Hey George.
How are you?
I have an inside source that...
It's in the passenger check into the bank.
It's because they wanted you to have some material to talk about on the air.
Okay, that was...
That was a good idea on their part, I guess.
Yeah, they've got to find out some Josh actually.
Okay, that's a lot.
QAM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hey George.
Hey yeah.
Hey, how you doing, man?
First time all the long time, man.
I totally agree with you just said.
And you're fucking near rock, bro.
All right.
Did he say what I thought he said?
Yeah, at least I...
I appreciate it, but we can't put that on the air.
QAM, hello.
George, how are you, sir?
How are you?
Okay, not bad.
I am totally legal.
I came to this country legally.
I speak English perfectly.
Me too.
I speak Spanish perfectly.
And all I have is...
If you want to come here, come here legally.
Not on the door.
Sure.
Fill out the appropriate paperwork.
Outfall.
Use the system.
Follow whatever the system is.
You know, and it's...
The system is bogus, by the way, but nevertheless the system is the system.
And you've got to...
Exactly.
And my wife is Colombian and she got here legally.
She went through all the paperwork and...
There's a line.
Get in line.
It's like the people that cut in front of you in traffic when you're trying to merge and everything.
There's a line.
What about the taxes?
Do you agree that it should be a consumption tax?
So that way everyone pays taxes.
Do you get that one?
No.
I never heard of the consumption tax.
No, no, no.
It's a consumption tax.
In other words, if you eliminate the property taxes and you tax every...
Oh no, I know what you're saying.
Yeah, I've heard of that concept before.
Let me think about it.
You know, because I don't want to like answer off the hit because I haven't processed that.
I can use it.
Okay, you've got to do some homework on that.
I will.
Because everyone has to pay taxes.
Okay.
The people are...
Right.
...are not paying it.
And we have to pay bills.
That's why we have to take this commercial break.
5.2 on 5.60 QAM.
Cousin.
It is a new breed of celebrity.
Famous?
For being famous.
Are you get to see?
Are you dumb?
Yes, definitely.
Well, let me ask another way.
Are you smart?
Not at all.
Do you read books?
I read books.
What's the last book you read?
Clilest.
That's appropriate.
The only song is...
But this was inappropriate.
A very private video, a panel flick she made with her then boyfriend, that became very public.
But as I have to ask you about that famous sex tape, you have not commented on it very much before.
What were you thinking?
I'm not just doing what I love to do.
I don't have any time in my life.
And that's hard.
That's hard.
Yes.
