No portion of this program will be reproduced without the express written permission at WQAM, BV Broadcast Group in Corp.
What happened to that model?
He didn't have an answer.
That's soon enough.
1045 out of it.
I wish.
I don't.
What can we do about that?
That's been play yesterday's game.
I always remember this in just a little less 400 creepiness.
I'm buying.
WQAM.
Oh, wow.
Miami.
Lord, Lutter there.
Maybe not 400, maybe.
Fuck third man.
Yeah, that's what I said.
I'm a shitty.
Hello, I'm the general manager of this radio station.
And today is Rasha Shana, the Jewish New Year.
In an effort to celebrate religious diversity and promote goodwill toward other faiths,
we've brought in a member of the Jewish community to offer our Jewish listeners a greeting
for the New Year.
Hey, hey.
Happy New Year!
Hey!
Hey, hey.
That's it.
Go home.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
What do you hear what they say?
It's all next on Mary King's Law.
They'll threaten the 42nd president of the United States.
Glad to be here.
How's he going?
He's going great.
I say a call.
Independence, Missouri.
Hello.
Mr. Clinton, I hear that Hillary's really kinky.
Would you do anything in the betterment she asked?
She asked me to do something, whatever it was.
I would probably do it.
Have you ever done the atomic inverted pelvic thrust?
Oh, yeah.
Wow.
I think that's the most painful thing that I could hardly breathe.
I know.
She loves it.
You've got to feel good about that.
But you guys ever think by egg rot.
You bet we do.
Except going to hurt her.
No, I don't think so.
How big is your love, Mom?
Very large.
How you think?
This heart is ever had.
Maybe harder.
And keep going and going and going and going, whatever happens.
Could you show us your love monkey?
That's a bad idea.
Call back.
But I really want to see it.
Oh, I hit the wrong button.
Let me ride back with more on.
This is the row.
Can we get a close up?
So incomprehensibly large.
This is unbelievable.
It is unbelievable.
10-03-560-WQM Happy Thursday September 13th to you.
We don't have a moral game today.
For boy, I said that I must have had a huge tune in audience yesterday.
Did you say tune in?
What did you think I said?
Tuna.
A huge tune in audience yesterday.
Sounds fishy to me.
Speaking of that, we got another one of our meal deals today.
Me, yeah.
Oh, for me.
Blue Moon Fish Company and Coral Springs locations coming with food too.
I guess, Tuna.
They say that they didn't say that the waiter is coming or something like that.
Some hot young waiter for him to lustily.
Oh, no.
Wait a minute.
Let me see if I can catch a plane.
I could, no, I can't make it.
Damn it.
It's ready.
They'll be on sale at noon.
We got $50-$100 certificate.
Is that correct, Chris?
Do I have the numbers right?
Yes, that's good.
You were having some problems with your numbers yesterday.
But then again, it wouldn't be the first time.
Yeah, but I hit that.
I don't have any moral game today to screw up the race.
We got four solid hours.
Oh, brother.
That's right.
We got Mad Dog at two.
It looks like a fairly regular schedule.
They've four to five.
It's the power hour with Mad Dog and the Humper.
Humper all by itself, five to six.
And then, why is that?
Why not?
How come he's not on till seven?
I don't understand.
Is Neonville seven?
Is Neonville one of the things they decided to put the dolphin crap?
I mean, I'm going to...
I don't know.
What are you talking about?
It's already on.
Happy New Year, by the way, to the campaign schedule.
What?
Look who made the schedule.
Oh, clearance, yeah.
What a joke.
No, but seriously, it says Miami Dolphins All Access is six, seven to nine, hurricane, hotline, the Hurricanes at the Ratskeller.
And then, nine o'clock, it's more Dolphins All Access, all dolphins all the time.
And then, game night, with dedicated 10 to one.
No Dolphins...
No, Marlon, that's right.
No Dolphin or Marlon game day.
Or Panther game, or Heat game.
Or Hurricanes game.
Wow.
How are we going to get through the day without any of those?
I don't know.
Or like Joel Feinberg would say, well, you know, you guys are running a Dolphin Info-Mersholt spelled with a T.
What a... what a check-ass, what an idiot.
And of course, that's the big support that we get is at Fathast, Jolly, Joel Bell.
He's in a very sophomore way.
He's trading hostile emails back and forth with Joel Feinberg.
That's what's going on, back all over the process.
At least they both got something to do.
Yeah, keep them off the street.
And one of them has a radio station to run.
A head of a national address on the war in Iraq tonight Americans remain deeply skeptical about the policies President Bush is pursuing and unhappy with his job performance according to the New CNN poll released today.
They're unhappy.
I can't imagine why.
The President's approval rating in the survey was 36%.
Boy, I sure like to find those 36%.
Jesus Christ, unchanged from the August, Chalens, or whatever it was in January.
At the same time, 61% of those pulled disapproval Bush's performance in office.
And the same number said they believe his policies are taking the country in the wrong direction.
Bush's schedule will deliver a brief address on the war at 9.01 PM tonight.
9.01, not 9 o'clock, not 9.01.30, but 9.01, in which he's expected to announce he'll follow the recommendations of General Patreus and withdraw up to 30,000 US troops by next summer.
Congressional Democrats who have unsuccessfully pushed the poll US combat troops out of Iraq pointed out depending on where like they have to withdraw those troops around that time anyway.
The poll found more Americans believe democratically to move the country in the right direction than would Bush.
That shows how desperate we are.
50% of these surveyed expressed in force of the Democrats while 34% expressed confidence in Bush.
63% opposed the war, 34% still supported.
That's because things are going so well.
There's always that 30% of the vote.
30% of the vote.
30% of the vote.
They're just an adamant and hopeless and just the same old crap, no matter what.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
We did wind up with the 2013 votes total, but we had the ball game, that's right.
That's not really, well I guess I must have changed the poll around two o'clock or thereabouts.
I don't think about 130.
Would that really?
Yeah, I believe so.
Hmm.
Well you were watching, you were monitoring it.
No, I was doing some work here and the page was up and all the things switched.
Wow.
Well it must have been me I guess, yeah it was me.
Which do you think we will see as President first?
We have a thousand thirteen votes on here.
A woman, five sixty.
It's not even close to one five sixty.
I guess they're thinking about sworey, right?
It's got to be.
Got to be.
None of them, one eighty seven.
African American one eighty two, we're thinking about Barack Obama.
They think he's got no chance in a racist white wonder bread kind of country like the US say.
African American only one eighty two.
I don't care about politics fifty two, but a gay man or woman only thirty two say that a gay man or woman will be those elected president.
Oh yeah, how about Barney Fag?
He'd be good.
Okay, although he's got like kind of a bad speech defect, like he's got a mouth full of...
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know what it is.
It's got something in there.
Okay, let's take a look at the poll today and of course Brandon came up with this poll.
He's already patenting himself on the back.
Oh look at the great number of votes you got on there.
Oh right, just relax Brandon.
You're okay but calm down.
766 votes, what's the most emasculating thing for a guy?
And of course on Jewish New Year we should probably ask what's the most emasculating thing for a...
Goi, but anyway for a guy having a girl tell your family or friends that your size is inadequate 243.
First of all, what kind of a bitch tells your family or friends that you're hung like a butterfly?
I mean what kind of a comment is that?
A standard bitch.
Is it really?
Well, it makes me so happy that I'm gay.
Wow.
Being important, oh, impotent.
Being impotent, but this is not a good start today.
118, having Neil Rogers kick your ass, 109.
That being a girl kick your ass, 72, so I got the girls' beat, hands down your pants.
Carrying your wife or girlfriend's purse, 70, 70 people's the best emasculating.
We all got to do that.
By tampons, 51, I guess it depends on who's y'all.
All these things just prove that you have a girl.
See, there's not a masculine.
Having a gay guy kick your ass, 29, being raped by a girl, 23,
spending a day alone with your mother in law, 18, what a thought.
Being raped by a guy, 16.
That was a late addition, and the criss can get the credit for that.
Did you come up with that yourself or did something?
A friend does, so we should add it.
Oh, a friend said that.
You have a friend who actually pays attention to the show, and it's female.
Being raped by a guy, 16.
Oh, your girlfriend, the one we don't talk about said that.
Being seen crying, 14, I put that on here.
It's not the girl.
Hands up, time to settle.
Only for a celimate to take quadril.
Steril.
Only for a 767.
Like Tom Cruise.
There's no way he allegedly has to keep adopting all these kids, because I don't know what
that.
Although he supposedly made that last one there.
Oh, you're all right.
Slurry.
I wonder if a man in the Ben Affleck are going to make any baby sometime.
773 on a poll, so I think we got the thousand lit because we got the whole four hours today.
And we're pretty thrilled about that, believe you me.
400, oh, here it is.
And Mike Phillips in the hero, you're an idiot, okay?
I mean, this is so typical as opposed to writing the truth that nobody cares.
He writes, if ever the Marlon Zedan ad for a new ballpark, they got it Wednesday.
On a long, hot afternoon in the baseball, they ended and joy on the field in the form of
the smallest gatherings ever for a major league game.
Not just for a Marlon game, for a major league game.
And we use the term major league very advisably when you're talking about the two teams that
played yesterday.
The estimates of people in the stands ranged in the 400 neighborhood, and about half of
that were on hand to see Todd Lyndon's game winning hit in the twelfth inning.
A ground ball that snaked its way through the middle of the infield to bring home pinch
runner Reggie Evercrombie and Fitch to result in a five to four win over the Washington
Nats.
The Nationals, the team in its third season of Washington will open a new ballpark when
the trade blossoms are in bloom next spring while the Marlins winners of two world titles still
languished in the House Joe Robbie built.
The announced crowd, paid crowd was 10,021, but most of them stayed home.
Maybe a bunch of more insured getting ready to go.
When the game ended there were nine people in the outfield bleachers and about $200
around the stadium.
How do you like that?
Marlins for a space been Mike Jacobs said it's a little sad you can play where you can count
the people in the stands, but that's the way it is down here.
And it's not going to change until we get a new stadium.
I had to write the news to you Mike, you can build ten new stadiums.
They don't care.
They do not care.
It's a bush league town.
It's trying to force feed just like the Panthers with that new arena.
That's your did it.
I guess people would rather watch us on TV.
Why would you want to come and sit in the heat?
It's tough if we had a stadium with a roof it would help a lot.
He said it would help a lot.
Jacobs lead off double in 12th inning was the beginning of the end of the game that lasted
four hours and nine minutes, but they won.
That's the important part, isn't it?
Yes, they won.
12 minutes after 10 at 5.60 QAM week after week more and more people taking advantage of
the news have price deals and WQM dot com and this afternoon or this morning or in
between the noon right when the little hand hits the big hand, you'll be able to buy
a hundred dollar gift certificates for 50 bucks to the Blue Moon fish companies.
Crawl Springs location.
The owner chefs of Blue Moon Crawl Springs have said a masterful tone for dining in
the most elegant of settings.
Specialties include lobster and shellfish pan roast, sesame crusted big eye tuna, macadamia
nut crusted cellion sea bass, an Asian stir fry, and peppercorn rub near Irksterloin,
grilled filet mignon, herb-crusted New Zealand rack of lamb, and more for meat lovers too.
The Blue Moon fish company in Crawl Springs, 11317, rural Pumble of Art, called 954-755-Triple
O2 for reservations and thanks to me, you can buy a hundred dollar gift certificates
at half-right just 50 bucks in the store will open right at noon today on WQAM.com.
What's his name?
The best talent.
You're his new projects.
Forty-two five sixty QAM.
Big fourth later.
Where of exploding balls?
Morning, Svorho radio five sixty WQAM presents Morning Sports Jewels, a new Morning
Fire Show chocolate of sports information.
And the sorted Amator-Stiffloss, carefully crafted by our programming mavens for us to enjoy.
Hello, I'm your host, Rebimanasya Shinebaum.
Joining me this morning is Ethan Skolnik, Ethan.
Hi.
Evan Cohen, and of course, Geldy Geldsty.
This gentleman is my question.
Why sports?
Well, it's an ice show.
We always got thick layers.
I think we're not at all.
So, what would you gentlemen like to do?
I know.
Let's have a mystery caller.
That's a wonderful idea.
Okay, okay, I'll get my phone over here.
Oh, look.
We have a mystery caller on the line.
Hello?
Who is this?
I'm the mystery caller.
Let us now take a call to guess who you are.
Can it be a state?
It's you play for the mind of hacking.
No, no.
Uh, inside the building.
Hello.
Hey there, Geldy.
What are you guys supposed to do with me, Joe?
This bit's funny.
You heard them a square table.
Why do you want to do this anymore?
No, that was not entertaining at all.
Oh, all right.
Hey, suspicious package forces shoved out of Northway's terminal at Detroit Airport
at Metropolitan Airport in Detroit.
I'm so excited about that.
No.
Okay, it's a suspicious package.
You have seen a few of those I get.
I've seen several very suspicious packages in my time.
I remember the poll yesterday about how many Americans, whatever was, think America is a
Christian nation, 58 percent, whatever that crap was.
Yep.
Never underestimate the ignorance of the American public.
Never, let me say it again.
Never underestimate the ignorance, the stupidity, the rampant, uh, vacuumismists.
Six years after the 9-11 terror attacks on the West, it seems the media still had some educational work to do, says editor and publisher.
A no-CBS New York Times poll reveals that even now, two days, one out of three Americans believed that Sodomus St was personally involved in the 9-11 terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the Pentagon.
One out of three.
This notion was thoroughly debunked by official sources, including those in the White House years ago, but the myth and doers,
polls have shown that believing this untrue was a prime component in support for the attack on Iraq.
Four out of ten Republicans still hold this view, compared with 32 percent of independence and 27 percent of Democrats.
40 percent of Republicans are convinced that Sodom was involved in 9-11.
32 percent of independence are third, and even 27 percent over a fourth of Democrats are like,
what does it have to do with Lindsey Lohan?
That's what I'd like to know.
What does it have to do with Britney Spears being out of shape at the MTV Awards and looking like a pig and a cow?
That's what people are concerned about.
Now what was that two nights ago, the MTV Awards?
Sunday night?
Wasn't that long, it's through yet already.
Well, whatever the hell was the next day, I'm in my little neighborhood convenience store, and there's like,
well, three kids in there, like, I don't know, 1920-ish, two guys and some chick, and they're looking at the newspaper headline.
They're certainly not buying the newspaper because they're not going to have anybody read it to them, but anyway, they're looking at the headline,
and there, of course, she was on the front page of the Toronto Sun, which is a tabloid, a smarmy tabloid, and, you know, the panning Britney looked so bad and stuck the joint out and was embarrassing.
Oh, they're ripping poor Britney, and let's look at YouTube that you...
Sheer video that's making a rons about to chick your cry.
Oh, they're picking up Britney, you've seen that, haven't you?
No.
Well, why not?
I was busy?
Oh, or there were more important things going on in your life?
I don't see how that's possible.
You don't have to explain that to me.
786 votes on the poll, as Chris continues his quest for a thousand.
Well, you got it made, I think.
Don't you think?
Sure.
A doctor has no duty to tell a woman considering an abortion that her embryo is an existing human being, a unanimous New Jersey Supreme Court ruled yesterday, averting a trial over when human life begins.
We'd like to know in Florida when intelligent human life begins.
When's that going to start?
Ask Jolly Jovelle if he knows the answer to that question.
The decision-sighting past ruling said the court will not place a duty on doctors when there is no consensus in the medical community or among the public or when one life begins.
The five to nothing, Supreme Court ruling reversed a unanimous ruling by a three-judged appeals panel and dismissed the lawsuit of a woman who had an abortion.
Abortion cases pending an annoyance out the code have raised the same issue.
On the profound issue of when life begins, this court cannot track public policy in one particular direction by the engine of the common law when the opposing sides, which represents so many of our citizens, are arrayed along a deep societal and philosophical divide, New Jersey justice, be Terry Albin, wrote for the court.
The ruling came in the lawsuit filed by a woman who accused a doctor of failing behavior enough information before she signed a consent form for him to perform an abortion.
And I think the doctor in that case have probably been a big favor and probably did the human race a big favor too.
Rose Akuna, questioned whether Dr. Sheldon C. Turkish, misled her in 1996 about the development of the pregnancy.
Don't you love the names in these stories?
Perkish Rose Akuna and Dr. Turkish as in Turkey.
Oh, it's half the...
Christ, I do like Turkish, Tafiah, haven't had an all-in-time. It'll just rip your teeth out.
She was 29 at the time, had two daughters following a miscarriage when she consulted Turkish, who had delivered her second child.
According to Akuna, Turkish told her that she needed an abortion because her kidneys are messing you up, Court paper said, Akuna asked Turkish whether the baby was already there.
According to Akuna, Turkish replied, don't be stupid, it's only blood.
Akuna signed a consent form and Turkish did the abortion.
Bleeding continued however, in seven weeks later Akuna went to the hospital.
She was diagnosed with an incomplete abortion and had another procedure.
According to her, one of the nurses caring for her explained that the procedure was necessary because Turkish had left parts of the baby inside of her.
Thus Akuna considered...
Thus Akuna concluded based on the reference to the baby that she was giving consent to an abortion based on erroneous information.
Akuna now foresees she suffered emotional distress for the death of an unborn child.
Akuna's lawyer, Harold J. Cassidy, I wonder if he's related to David Cassidy.
Oh, the guy with the eyes is like squeezing himself right now. He's got a one-person search party going on right now. He's looking for it.
Akuna's lawyer, Harold Cassidy, said he was considering an appeal to the West Supreme Court.
Millions of women across the nation have made the same complaint as Ms. Akuna said Cassidy and a poor anti-abortion lawyer based in Mom of County was also involved in South Dakota case.
They've lost something of great value which is this Mrs. Meard tissue out of Cassidy who's also known for his successful arrogant and surrogate parenting contract in the 1987 baby M case.
The ACA used to have a class action medical malpractice suit with similar claims as those raised by Akuna was recently brought in Illinois.
Marie Tazy, executive director of the anti-abortion group New Jersey right to life, decried the ruling. She decried it.
My reaction is that once again the Corrella is on an updated schizophrenic mentality to the detriment of women and indulges in semantic gymnastics toward the indisputable fact that a child in the womb is a human being.
The ACA new praise to the decision saying it sends a message that New Jersey will not tolerate back the reference to curtail reproductive rights or free speech said by Rokis legal director of the New Jersey ACA YouTube.
I like that.
I think that's what we need is a lot more abortions. We need what we need is like I told you before.
I drive through abortion clinic.
For that's right. How about a make abortion? Excellent.
Yeah. You can make another abortion clinic. We need forced sterilization. That's the only hope.
Oh, you shouldn't be now can religion now especially on the Russia show any other. Yeah, screw that. The whole of that garbage. All this foolish nonsense.
I'd rather celebrate to the year 2525 was it whenever do you have to play it again? I mean we just played it the other day. All right.
797. What? No, don't do it again. I do like it though.
797. What's the most emasculating thing for a guy having a girl tell you your family or friends that your size is an adequate 255 an adequate for what?
For her I guess being impotent 124 anybody says that about you just to Tom hey look at the Chinese they made a billion babies okay.
You think that's a good point sounds great being impotent 124 being impotent is one thing but impotent 124 not good having the aroders kick your ass 111 having a girl kick your ass only 73
carrying your wife or girlfriend's purse 73 buying tampons 52 having a gay guy kick your ass 29 being raped by a girl 24 spending a day alone with your mother-in-law 19 being raped by a guy 18 being seen crying 15 or being sterile only 4
you're buying the pooch her basement name's unless out servers you're messing but you got foods and
Big is going to get sued. I'm a manly man.
Oh yes you are. Is that a new shit?
Don't you love it? I really think it sets off my eyes.
It's to die for. Anyway, Rita Cosby, we will prove that we're not gay.
Yeah, how are we going to do that?
We will kiss, then everyone will see how disgusted we are.
Oh, well we do it right here in front of everyone.
Good point. Let's go into men's room.
It's very romantic in here Larry.
Hey Howard, did you just tap my foot?
It wasn't me.
Funny. It was that good. When I'm in the stall I just have a wife, Stance.
Aren't you Senator Larry Craig?
Yes, but I'm not gay. I don't do those kind of things.
Neither do we.
For what you guys do in here.
We came in here to kiss.
Yes, but we're only kissing to prove we're not gay.
What are you doing, Stance at Craig?
Checking the stall for undercover cops, reporters, and other Republicans.
All clear. Okay boy.
Put her out.
Dlaw and ambition. The untold story behind Anna Nicole Smith's death by Rita Cosby.
Coming soon to a men's room near you.
Rita Cosby, you can't speak.
1032 and 560. I don't see her much anymore and that's a very good thing in my life.
She's been making the talk show rounds because of that book.
What book?
Why can't I speak about Anna Nicole and...
Oh God.
Her very birth head.
In and out of the hole.
Her very good.
Her very good.
Okay.
What does it have to do with Lindsay Lohan or Anna Nicole or Larry Birkhead or Jerkhead
or Howard Case, or Howard Regular Stern and Yadi-Aniah?
This is America for you.
And one out of three believe that Saddam Hussein was involved in 9-11.
Robert Scheer says the general lies.
I'm just plotting along with my big pile of material here.
You know, we're not taking any calls on this show anymore.
By the way, if you tuned in and wondered what the hell's going on.
I'm here every day now.
Monday through Friday, like it or not.
And then maybe George will spin some wax.
Do it.
But what do you mean do it?
Let's do it.
You want to spin some wax?
I love crank some up right now.
You mean today is the day.
No, you're going to crank some up?
Well, since you were talking about crying on the pole, you know, you'd be an embarrassing
thing to do.
I ruined the boy.
Well, anybody who says Roy the boy.
Gay.
That's a gay thing.
I would never have said that.
No, I didn't say you would have said it.
There are certain local homophobes who I'm overfered to him as Roy the boy.
I'm thinking of myself.
You're fairer, yeah.
You know, certain individuals who think they can take you can.
And then you slowly move forward forever with their rampant homophobia and obsession with
who other people are dittling you.
Stop laughing.
You know what I mean?
I can't get this damn little thing going on.
Don't you hate these.
Oh, and you want to know why?
Because I'm trying to open it from the wrong direction.
That doesn't work out too well.
It doesn't work out too well.
Well, let me see what I got on this face.
What do you think?
I like it.
Do it.
I've been some waxed tracks, baby.
Oh, that's bad.
I don't like that.
I like it.
It was strong with that.
Well, you probably got some.
Start.
We'll take it.
These are all good songs.
You will take this?
No.
Now, here's the song that I know.
Oh, yeah.
I think I can get up and dance now.
This is the song.
This is the song.
This is the song.
This is the song.
This is the song.
This is the song.
This is the beat.
I'm a guy.
I know who I am.
All right.
Stop laughing.
Stop laughing.
Let's be honest with you.
What's gay about that?
Is that picking up a guy prostitute?
Well, how do you know?
Because she describes it very vividly.
Oh.
No, and he'll be a sayer.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
What are you saying?
You're fairing.
I'm another one.
You've got a few blackouts.
No, it's nice.
Sneakly, talk to that up.
Sneak it up.
One thing to talk it up is another thing to be like, sneak it up.
Cut it off.
Right through in the best part.
Too bad.
I can't play the whole thing.
I got a lot of time.
I got three hours and 25 minutes.
This I could live without.
Although I liked him.
No, I didn't even step on him.
That was brilliantly done.
That's awesome.
You know who we saw?
Thank you.
The bass hit the wall.
Just because you didn't like the hair.
They saw.
Nothing wrong with the song.
I can't play the whole thing.
It's a two to rock.
I'm Saturday night.
Saturday night.
It's a two to a real.
Okay, so we spun a little bit of wax there.
And come to find out that it's much easier to get to this shot when you fold the thing in the correct direction.
Yes.
When you try to pry it open from the wrong direction.
It's like a disaster.
That's a recipe for disaster.
Is it?
Yeah.
And then of course the little pegs, the little fragile plastic pegs break and the whole CDKs, the diamond case falls apart.
And it's not good.
820 votes on Chris's poll.
He's pretty excited about it.
Oh yeah.
You're pumped up about that.
Robert Scheer says, of course, general David Petraeus predicts success in the Iraq war.
What wonders could generals achieve?
What wonders could generals achieve with more troops and more time?
The battle is always going well until it is lost.
Then they blame defeat on the politicians in the public.
There's no shortage of retired generals who would say we could have won Vietnam.
If only we had sent more troops or bombed the dicks in the north,
they were willing to kill more than 3.4 million Vietnamese who died, along with 59,000 American soldiers.
Instead the politicians in the public led by that bleeding heart present at Richard Nixon lost the world of win.
Thus the dominoes fell to communism in red China and red Vietnam.
Now rule the world by dint of military force.
If you've been to Walmart lately, the triumph of communism is total.
Once again, we have a general repeatedly promising to save Western civilization by turning the corner yet another,
intractable and unhazen necessary for and war.
Back on September 26, 2004 in the weeks before the midterm congressional election,
Petraeus took to the op-ed page of the Washington Post to make sure the voters didn't vote wrong.
Despite appearances he claimed the war in Iraq was going very well,
I see tangible progress.
Iraqi security elements are being rebuilt from the ground up of Petraeus Road.
The institutions that oversee them are being reestablished from the top down,
and Iraqi leaders are stepping forward, leading their country and their security forces courageously.
There's been progress to the effort to enable Iraqis to shoulder more of the load for their own security, something they are keen to do.
So keen it makes one's heart swell, says Robert Scheer.
So keen that three years later after the expenditure of $450 billion more in taxpayer funds,
and more US troops and proportion of the Iraqi population end up the height of the Vietnam more we hadn't Vietnam,
the goods handle now its sister would be disastrous to even think about bringing any American troops home before next summer.
That's at least another 150 billion and many more Iraqi and US lines wasted,
but wait, Ryan C. Crocker, the US ambassador to Iraq, also testified before Congress this week with Petraeus,
and he has more good news about what he still celebrates as the liberation of Iraq.
Remember that Bush administration promised that the oil rich Iraqis would pick up the check for the cost of their liberation?
While Crocker's bullish on that front, the Iraqi economy is on schedule to grow by 6% according to his testimony,
perhaps he's referring to the additional money dumped into Iraq's economy by American taxpayers chipping in for the surge.
He certainly wasn't facing his estimate on any improvement in the Iraqi oil production from the other economic component,
as the International Monetary Fund reported last month in annual review of Iraq's economy,
economic growth has been slower than expected at the time of the last review,
mainly because the expected expansion of oil production has failed to materialize.
In case you have noticed, oil is the Iraqi economy.
That's it.
Yet a recent GAO report stated an additional $57 billion in US tax dollars will be needed to bring oil and electricity production at a level where it can satisfy Iraq's domestic demand by the year 2015.
Ambassador Crocker actually had the nerve to compare the bloody religious fractricite in Iraq,
which are in a invasion on least, to the American battle over states rights,
once again reducing the complexities of world history to an easily understood but totally irrelevant example from the American experience.
In that case, today better analogy might have been made to the American Indian Wars,
given that the only thing the US has been able to do effectively in Iraq is only superior firepower.
At the current rate, Iraq will be liberated when there are no Iraqis left.
Perhaps that's why this week's ABCBBC poll shows that 70% of Iraqis believe security has deteriorated since the surge,
and that 60% believe attacks on US forces are justified.
93% of the Sunnis from the general ambassador claim are joining our side want to see us dead.
And as for optimism, only 29% of Iraqis now think the situation will get better as opposed to 64% who share that optimism before the surge,
which almost 70% of Iraqis believe is hampered conditions for political dialogue reconstruction and economic development.
So ambassadors in general's lie give use to it.
So Robert Scheer has to say, like you're at silk stockings, they're sheer aren't they?
Are you work here? No.
Are you not paying attention now because you're the only one who listens when I read all these bedtime? Yeah, I got you fooled.
828 votes on your full Chris. As we creep up toward, I know you have to thousand made. There's no holding back today.
Oh, this is brand at the pool. Well, at this brand, in fact, brand didn't such a good job. Maybe he can come up with a pool for every day. He's doing so well on this one.
See anybody can I don't want to like, you know, sound ungrateful, but anybody can come up with one even one good one, you know.
But to come up with a good one day after day after day after you know, that's in George knows. Oh, yeah, it's rough.
It's a challenge to challenge.
So maybe tomorrow will do like, you know, paper or plastic body wash or soap. We haven't done that one in a while. Let's do it.
Let me say it again. Any of you people out there that are still using soap?
Oh, and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
What do you hear what they say? It's all next on Mary King Live.
This is Larry King Live in Washington. Let's go to phone calls and hello.
This is Larry Craig Colley. Hi. I seek activity and bathrooms. Why men's rooms?
I am gay. Well, nothing against being gay. I can lower my hand.
Whoa, spread my leg. This is what goes on in bathrooms, right? Yes.
You get them a mole and not go along the two? Yes. I do. I do. Thanks so much.
Thank you. I go get them. I do. I do.
1045 at 560 W.D.C. How about those Marlin? They actually won a game. Did they not Chris five before I believe?
That would be correct. In 100nings, be in front of a crowd of six or seven people.
See, that's one thing about South Florida. You can't, you can keep screaming the same thing forever, which I've been doing for 31 and a half years.
And it doesn't sink in because you're dealing with people who are intractable, unimovable. They just refuse to accept the obvious.
And I can understand why because it's embarrassing to say, hey, this is a bushling place.
And nobody gives a crap about things that people in other places care about.
The fact that we still got people going to Vegas like the 25 cent slot guy, what has he got to shut the Vegas to play the slots?
Didn't we fight for 100 years to finally get those one hour bandits, those evil slot machines in Florida?
And didn't they have an election in the legislature and the finance former governor do everything in their power to make sure that it failed?
Which they did a great job, by the way, but nevertheless, and they finally got them going.
Which nobody ever believed that it would happen. And number two, the sun still shines every day. For most days.
And despite of what they held in the sun, sent over screaming, oh geez, the one-arm bandage, it's gonna be the end of the year old.
And all the people are gonna be losing their lunch money and they're okay, all of a sudden.
That must be why nobody can pay their mortgage payments and all the foreclosures are going on.
Must be because of the slot machines, mine. Think of anybody's here in the bad machine?
That could be it. If I was you, I'd go try to find me a good machine.
Or I'd just stay the hell away if you're that stupid. If you lose the money that you can't afford to lose.
See, I had no call me rotten and hateful and whatever. I don't have any sympathy for people who gamble away.
In any form, money they can't afford to lose.
Like that dark, conflicted lady, I told you it was a year ago Christmas, not this past Christmas, but so like almost two years ago.
And I'm sitting there on my machine. I never saw this woman before in my life when she comes, she comes waddling by me.
Oh, I brought $3,000 this morning. It was the money for the kid. Christmas gives you the kids.
I told you this story before. Yeah. She lost her own dime.
She was begging for you to give her some. No, I don't have no idea.
She's telling me she lost, she brought three grand in cash that she went out.
She left the house with $3,000 to buy the Christmas gifts for the kids and the whole family.
And she lost it all at the slot machines mine.
And I thought to myself, you stupid bitch.
Like, I'm supposed to be sympathetic to her?
Well, why not? You know, maybe she's not.
Why don't you go to the ATM and see if you can't scrape up a few hundred more honey and see if you can lose that before you get out of here.
What's she cute?
She looked like Aunt Yamada on crack.
She had a crack problem and a gambit problem. Maybe they go hand in hand.
Correct them.
Using statistics and methodology that some voting experts are calling flawed,
the Justice Department's voting section is telling 10 US states to purge voter rules which allegedly show more registered voters than are eligible,
a house cleaning effort that alternates Steve Rosenfeld says could swing the 2008 election.
Here we go with this crap again, see.
They're worried about honest elections in other places in the world.
There are no more honest elections in the US. I'm not sure we ever had any, but they're getting worse all the time.
Voting section chief John Tanner called for the purges and letters sent this spring under an arcane provision in the National Voter Registration Act
better known as the Motor Voter Law says Rosenfeld adding that the letter letters notify states that 10% of more of the election jurisdictions have problematic voter rules.
It tells states to report the subsequent removal from rules of persons no longer eligible to vote.
According to experts interviewed by Rosenfeld however the Justice Department is misrepresenting the information they're using to make their recommendations.
That data does not say what they purport it says David Becker, Senior Voting Rights Council for people for the American Way be saying,
they're saying the data shows the 10 worst voter rules. They've got a lot of explaining to do. Rosenfeld also quotes US election assistance commission consultant Kim Brace,
who said you're basically seen in grasping whatever straws are possible to make their point.
Obtaining the same data used by the voting section alternates analysis found that some states facing Justice Department pressure to purge voters have long been targeted by GOP vote fraud activists,
especially where concentrations of minority voters have historically elected Democrats such as St. Louis, Philadelphia and South Dakota's Indian reservations.
Voter will purges if incorrectly done can be a factor in determining election outcomes, especially in tight races, Rosenfeld writes,
looking toward the 2008 election, it appears the purges could be a new and legal way to accomplish a controversial longstanding Republican party electoral tactic thinning the ranks of likely Democratic voters in states where they may be close races.
Oh, you're going to want to vote Democrat or you can't vote. The GOP agenda is to make it harder to vote. Joe Rich from the Voting Section Chief told Overnit,
you purge voters, you don't register voters, this is right for partisan decision making, you pick the states where you go after Democrats.
Earlier this year, E. Purrubus media examined what they call a breathtaking politicization of voter section after Rich was replaced as Chief in 2005 by John Tanner.
Tanner has waged an aggressive effort to remake the section in his own image, not an image that most people promote the Commission of the Voting Rights Act, which is the section primarily responsible for enforcing what support E. Purrubus reported.
The 10 states that receive voting section might as well be called in that were Iowa, Massachusetts, Mississippi, Nebraska, North Carolina, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Texas, Utah, and Vermont.
Not Florida though, although now that we don't have fat ass Jeb in the state house there in Tallahassee, I wonder if the Republicans are going to be getting calls at three in the morning saying, no worry, it's in, you got it, you won, it's in.
Nobody else knew about it and they counted for how many months and weeks and years and forever and ever, and they kept looking with the eye of the sky at those hanging chads and stuff like that.
But he knew what the Jeb said, knew it because the fix was in.
I don't want to get people nervous or anything like that because it's the last thing you want to do on an entertained program on an entertains fourth station, but as tensions between the US and Iran increases military action along the Iran, Iraq border intensifies.
The latest moves comes from America's primary ally and its invasion of Iraq, Britain, the Brits have got the Schmitz and Void Aweed AR, the pits.
Ostensibly, regarding its importation of Iranian weapons and fighters targeting Western troops in Iraq, the UK is sending up to 350 troops to the Iranian border instead of bringing them home, the independent of London reports.
Instead of bringing them back to Britain, they're going to the Iranian border. The troop was requested by US commanders, the papers say, and it will delay perhaps indefinitely the homecoming of 250 British troops who were told just days ago that they'd be returning to the UK as part of a drawdown of forces in Iraq.
Newly elected Prime Minister Gordon Brown initiated the drawdown and about 500 British troops completed their withdrawal from Bazar Palace, their last remaining base in the city to the airport on the city's outskirts.
The move was expected to be the final stage in Britain's complete extraction from Iraq, Wednesday's reports follows on the heels of news that US troops would be establishing a base on the border to guard against Iranian-imported weapons.
Tensions between the US and Iran have gone from bad to dismal in recent years, with some fearing all-out war will erupt between the two countries, and a top US commander in Iraq has refused to rule out that possibility.
US Army General David Patreas demurred to his day when he was asked by Senator Jew Lieberman whether the war should be expanded to a Iranian territory.
And Patreas strongly implied that action against Iran would be necessary soon. The independent reports, there is a pretty hard look on going at the particular situation he told the paper to interview after congressional testimony Monday in which he often evoked the threat of merc and troops face from Iran's intervention.
Patreas and his diplomatic counterpart, Ambassador Ron Crocker, told lawmakers that Iran was providing weapons and training to Shi'ak militias in Iraq, although he never overtly suggested an expansion of the war effort.
Ross Story has previously reported that the Bush administration has shifted its focus from Iran's alleged nuclear ambitions to its meddling in Iraq as a possible justification for a war with Iran and that the US's capability launched a massive military strike against the country without warning.
Along with British and US troops, Georgia recently sent about 1200 extra troops to Iraq to patrol the border with Iran as fast as I can.
Let's see what's happening in Detroit.
I'm getting word now that some of the roads around the McNamara terminal have now been reopened and traveled along those roads. It's moving freely although it's a bit complicated.
Another false alarm, as you can imagine, but it's this point that people are making their way back into the terminal, this all started.
It's Vicky Thomas from WWJ Radio in Detroit, a station I never listened to in my life, but it's got about 600 towers and they're right there on 8 mile road. I bet you that what's his name?
Eminem would be all excited about that. There aren't even my road right across from what used to be Macombos Italian restaurant and then later Macombos strip club.
Doesn't it seem like a logical segue to you first to be a great Italian, good Italian restaurant and then turn into a strip club?
What do you think?
Sounds great.
I bet you've never been in Detroit.
No, don't.
That's a very easy solution to that problem.
I think I can handle that.
Don't think about going, don't let anybody grab my slip and fall, but I'll think that I don't want to find yourself there.
I'll buy you a ticket.
I'll buy you a ticket.
The lights they're kidnaped.
Most upon a time in America was a pretty neat city, once upon a time.
And then a bunch of folks got pissed off and they've said, oh, let's burn down our own neighborhoods, which always works really well.
And now it's the mess and everybody started moving out like crazy. I mean, like there was bubonic play.
There seems to be a lot of that play going around.
Parts of the Northwest Terminal have been reopened at Detroit Metropolitan Airport.
There's members of the media and Mark vehicles and they were all in Detroit.
There's the pictures of the WDIV in Detroit.
I tried to argue the point, but that he was...
Wonderfield bonds are still on there in Detroit.
They've died.
They've got the killer entrance to be McNamere Terminals.
And all those other people are probably mostly dead by now, wouldn't you think?
That was a good one. Rich Shot called in a couple weeks ago and we were reminiscing about all the dead South Florida broadcasters.
Some day they'll be doing that about us, you know what?
Me and Rick. And you?
Oh, I remember that little George boy. He share was a real firecracker.
I wanted that little George and a little spec. He was like, I got something.
Can't you hear it right now?
865 votes on our award and he pulled by the way and Chris is already. He's fattened sassy, baby.
With or without the poll, he's got the fat part. Look, because we got the thousand votes easy, baby.
We're going to stick it up.
The best talent.
This is the Neil Rogers Show.
I'm not your drain.
Don't go, don't go, any questions.
Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harvey. Standby for news.
While proudly showing off his new apartment to friends, Hank Leicester, a college student, led the way into the den.
What is the big brass gong and hammer for, Robert, his friend asked?
Well, that's the talking clock, Hank replied.
How does it work?
Well, take a look at this. Hank proceeded to give the gong an ear-shattering pound with the hammer.
Suddenly someone screamed from the other side of the wall, knock it off you idiot. It's two o'clock in the morning.
Now page two.
Julie was trying hard to get the ketchup to come out of the bubble.
During her struggle, the phone rang, so she asked her four-year-old daughter Susie to answer it.
It's the minister, Mommy, the child said to her mother, and then she added, Mommy can't come to the phone right now. She's hitting the bottle.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day. 1101 at 560 W.Q.M. are second hour of the award-winning Neil Rogers Show that used to be a really something.
Now it's something we can't say the word on the ear.
Nope.
Thanks a lot, the fat ass jolly joe Bell. By the way, you have given us a
resounding support and enthusiastic backing and just everything that anybody could want.
When you agree? Sure.
Twice.
And then some.
Cuba once saved the life of US President Ronald Reagan by giving American officials information about an assassination plot.
President Fidel Castro wrote in an essay published yesterday.
Incline, but.
It's all those rumors about him unless he's writing from the other side, you think that's possible?
Anything is.
The essay in the Communist Party newspaper, Grandma, appeared to be Castro's first publics description of the matter.
Castro wrote that a Cuban security official station at the UN told US Mission Security Chief Robert Mueller about an extreme right wing group that was planning to assassinate Reagan during a plan trip to North Carolina in 1984.
The information was complete. The names of those implicated in the plan, day, time, and hour were the assassinations.
Could occur. The type of weapon the terror is tan and where they kept their arms. And along with all that, the meeting place of those elements, playing the action as well as a brief summary of what occurred in the said meeting, Castro wrote.
Where they kept their arms. I keep my arms right by my shoulders.
By your sides.
By my side.
Castro wrote that Cuban authorities later learned that the FBI had arrested several people in North Carolina.
Several days after that, Mueller expressed the America's thanks to the Cuban official over lunch in the UN dining room.
You think they were eating free hoes and maybe the Cuban leader also wrote that when Reagan survived an assassination attempt in 1981, a van formally condemned the actor in a meeting with the head of the US interest section in Cuba.
Castro also accused the West government of misleading the public about the 9-11 attacks in New York and Washington six years ago.
It is now known there was deliberate disinformation about the attacks the Cuban leader wrote.
We were tricked like everybody else on the planet. He'd be saying.
Castro's buddy, even as well in prison at Hugo Chavez, is also promoted the idea that US government officials were involved in planning the terrorist attacks against their own country.
Boy, what a cynic and probably I got a good point.
Conspiracy theorists have suggested that New York's world trade center was brought down with explosives after the hijack their perspective in 2001, and that the Pentagon in Washington was struck by a missile not a jet liner.
Castro hasn't appeared in public since mid-2006 when he underwent intestinal surgery and seated power to his younger brother Raoul.
In late March he began writing occasional essays mostly on international themes.
He's been in a lot of time in the sack like Brian Wilson.
I see you made me get that Brian Wilson thing going again. That makes me very sad because I think of that thing on the biography channel.
Don't cry. I'm not going to cry over Brian Wilson. I do like their music.
After years of drug abuse and controversial rehabilitation, yeah, I just, it was sad. God only knows.
Yeah, he was sitting there on the piano on the bench with that huge microphone hanging down. I don't know what I was doing there.
I guess maybe it was just for this, that segment, I have no idea. Do you have an idea? Of course, no, you didn't see it. No.
No. Why not? I was busy. You don't watch the biography channel and you don't care about Brian Wilson. Sometimes. God only knows. God only knows.
Well, if you'd have been smoking you would enjoy this because he was sure smoking a lot. He was doing a lot of drugs, baby, a lot of drugs. But then again, that's part of the course I guess.
I was thinking during the last break, you know, it would be really interesting if I did the show here. I got two hours and 55 minutes today, not that I'm counting. And tomorrow and then like Monday, you were on, you know, like.
Like he came in Monday morning. I just wasn't here.
You know, I mean by that. No, what do you mean? Which word is you want to explain it? Like if you came in there Monday morning, like you do every day.
Oh, I hear the audio there from my city post TV and news about the TV on the ins. That's what he's all heard up. He's alive ready to go. What if I came in Monday and you didn't hear that? Yeah, I wouldn't panic right away. It takes you like five to.
You know, what if I got to wait by like nine o'clock, 9.15, 9.20?
37.
And then what if you sent me a text message or called me on my cell phone? Oh my God. And you didn't get a response. Oh my God. What would you think?
I'd think that you got hit over the head and robbed by some beater. No, no, why would you say something like that? That's the first thing that came to mind. Why do I need to get hit over the head and get robbed when I give it away?
I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean
even old parts like mean always what whatever means now means FU, yeho, marikon, wemalo, right whatever are you starting to speak
I am in spinole again.
In English, speaking English.
Come on, somebody's got to.
Yeah, a friend he's done.
He used to walk in the woods there with blood babies, dead babies from CKLW, remember those days that I would do.
I'm sure.
He used to walk in the woods, pericomal and blood babies, two old trolls.
What can that person do?
I'm in the jungle, oh.
Oh, you landed, it goes round, round, round.
And then there's a skims and a lot of them.
That was thinking if you could have this.
Come on, Sam.
Please.
Yeah, I'm getting on a plane on the weekend.
I hadn't crossed the pond maybe for a few months.
Months?
Years.
Yeah.
Maybe till I croak, you know.
It was just a thought.
A fleeting thought that comes to mind every now and then.
Like, oh, geez, wouldn't that be fun?
After all, I got all that money sitting there.
Why should I look?
Let me ask you this question seriously.
Because you're your palm tree amount that you're going to get.
And that's not going to be affected.
Right.
I mean, if I spend up, you know what I mean?
I'm even worried about it.
I'm going to be 100 by the time I get it anyway.
So.
But my point being why shouldn't I've worked all of my luck to accumulate that grandiose amount of cash
or I have stashed away?
Why shouldn't I just blow it?
You'll listen to it all.
I'm going to have a great time.
Absolutely.
Things are going to I do.
I do.
Why not enjoy the fruits of my labor?
I'm begging you to.
Ha ha ha ha.
Okay, see ya.
All right, I'm going to spend some wax now.
Ha ha ha ha.
That's always Georgia's solution.
Is he's going to spend some wax?
It's a nice quick fix.
Is it?
Sure.
Thought for a lot of people drugs were nice quick fix.
That depends on what you're trying to fix.
Life.
I think I'm not a drug person, but I think maybe I'll start.
Drug helps.
Adultery is better.
Doesn't you think I ought to start?
Not in my condition.
Not being fat.
No, I don't know.
And, you know, high blood pressure.
All of the things I got going.
I think drugs you probably put me over the end.
You already taken some of these.
I probably wasn't suggesting it.
What?
You're already taking the, I like the blood pressure ones.
I'm taking those kind of non-street drugs.
Sure, prescription drugs are all I'm taking those up the old back bone.
Every time I stand up they fall out.
I'll give you the same advice I give my daughter, you know.
No crack, no crank.
No crank.
No crank, no heroin.
Otherwise, have a good time.
What about ecstasy?
By all means.
I haven't been to her rave lately, but I guess, you know, I could be dancing a lot.
I don't know.
Can you just stay hydrated?
Just stay hydrated.
Lots of water, you know.
That's what that one kills the kids, man.
They stay dancing.
They overheat.
They forget to drink their water.
Kids are stupid.
They don't know how to do drugs.
I know kids are stupid.
87 votes on our award winning poll.
And Chris is really excited about it.
I bet your brain ends all whipped up too.
Although he's not writing me anything, but that's okay.
He just said that, you know, he knows that this is the kind of stuff
that our audience would sink their teeth into.
You know, poll about men being emasculated.
What's the most embarrassing stuff like that?
RJ Escal and Smirking Chimp says is the insurg working?
Why aren't more people outraged over revelations that were supporting
Sunni insurgents against the elected government?
Where are the headlines from all those news outlets that paraded purple finger
to raki's before us demonstrating the worst success?
Wasn't promoting democracy explanation number four for why we're in Iraq or was that number five?
The attitude to democracy among Beltway Politicos and media attention reminds me
of those Mrs. Paul's fish stick hands from the 70s.
The ones for people who aren't comfortable with fish.
Mrs. Paul's one ad said, doesn't have that fishy taste.
We're exporting democracy without that taste of, you know, democracy.
Most Americans want us out of Iraq and so do most of raki's,
but we have a Washington and a leader politicians, think tankers, and journalists
that finds the will of the people somehow distasteful, maybe like those fish sticks.
General Patras denied in his testimony this week that we are arming
our funding Sunni insurgents despite numerous reports to the contrary,
but a Spencer Rackerman points out one of Patras' own general said otherwise last June.
While General Patras pressed the administration's case against Iran,
the stunning fact remains that there is clear evidence that we are funding insurgents
against the al-Maliki government.
CNN reporter Michael Wieres says it plainly, fears embagged it and in America
of US troops supporting armed groups opposed to the government are not unfounded,
and then there's this exchange between where in Anderson Pupr.
Pupr are these, these travel groups willing to work with the central government
and bagged that in vice versa, where the answer is no on both counts.
Anderson, they're opposed to the Maliki government and any government that they believe
is beholden to a Iranian influence, I believe shared by many within the US mission.
So these are anti-government forces that emerge in supporting against the government
that it created. Raki, Prime Minister Al-Maliki, said in July that the US is reaching out
to gangs of killers, is the insurg working?
These actions speak to a deeper pattern within the administration,
its conservative allies and their media enablers.
All three groups appear to have a deep affection for the rhetoric of democracy combined
with a deep discomfort with the actual workings of the democratic process.
Added that, a willingness to do whatever it takes to succeed in their chosen professions
and you have a recipe for disaster.
Remember Rumsfeld's democracy is a messy quote?
Actually, in that case, it was his incompetence that was messy,
but his choice of words reflected a widespread and deep-seated distrust of the democratic process.
The Bureau of the Beauty of Democracy is exactly that.
Of course, the Department of Internal Affairs, the Department of Internal Affairs,
and jewelry salespeople have the final say that in a very real sense they outrank
the military in civilian leadership.
That's the part that seems to make the Washington Tribal leaders uncomfortable
with democracy here and in Iraq.
Our median political elites seem to share a Hamiltonian disdain for the mob.
Although the mob at home has made consistently wise decisions last four years,
then they have starting with a choice of president in 2000.
This was never really about democracy, was it?
The only progress we can point to in Iraq now is the result of a Faustian bargain
with violent sectarian groups.
The leadership in Washington is buying time by arming extremists,
at least until the war becomes the next president's problem.
Sounds fishy to me.
Oh, Mrs. Paul's fish sticks.
Now that's a good way to get sick is go to a fast food joint in order to fish sandwich.
When you say that's the best way to get sick?
Not the best way to get sick. How do you do that all the time?
Do I? How would the fish sandwich?
Fish at McDonald's.
Oh, maybe that's why you're sick all the time.
Okay, the biggest name is the best out of two.
This is no logic.
4256QAM.
The exports later.
Paul's life is in again.
I made it up.
That's the thing.
Oh, baby, baby.
You think I'm a lad?
Anything from my father?
I'm not that innocent.
Don't miss back to the grind.
The show that takes TV actors and puts them in the real jobs they did on their shows.
Tonight, James Gandalfini played my boss Tony Soprano.
But does he have what it takes to really whack someone?
Hey, excuse me.
Are you, uh, Johnny Borutsi?
Who wants to freak a no?
Hey, wait.
You're James Gandalfini.
Don't eat the product.
No way. I love you.
Show what you're doing here.
Well, uh, I kind of got a message for you.
Take that.
Oh, what are you doing?
You're holding the gun the wrong way.
You're telling me I am?
I'm just telling you so I let me try again.
Oh, yeah.
I got one question for you.
Did you die in the last episode or what?
Looks like James does have what it takes.
Then I'm back to the grind.
Henry Winkler.
Happy day is sponsored.
It joins our real motorcycle game.
Hey.
Hey.
That'll do just punch your gym box.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
Hey.
It's all on the next back to the grind on TV land.
Can't wait.
1118 at 5.60 W.D.Q.M.
So what are you doing for Russia's show?
I have a good idea.
Yeah.
I say let's go out and get a triple bacon cheeseburger with something else.
Treyf on it.
Okay.
I want to speak to that woman.
I just want to bake him in.
Uh, any minute now I expect.
I hope so because I'm.
Is it publishing over here as the, say, Ireland Fish Company?
Yes.
I'm going to be a cross-bring location which is on our, our, our, our, our, our, our,
our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our,
our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our,
our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our,
our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our, our
C joking, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke experience, general stroke
be investigating, F. St. Zillage's Social Activity is Palm Beach Mance with Girls as Young
as 14, brought over by a Palm Beach Community College student.
I can't discuss the details Dushu Witt's tells, page 2, from his office at Harvard, but
it's clear that there are some serious constitutional issues in this case.
O'Page 2.1, that's the name of his blog.
Wow.
Excuse me, Josie.
Most remember Star who didn't return calls left at his office in the home in Malibu,
California, is the special prosecutor who went after then-president Bubba Clinton
for alleged relying about the sexy hat or didn't have with White House intern Monica Lewinsky
at Cal.
But when it comes to staying out of jail, a 55-year-old famed Wall Street financier Epstein,
and his personal friend Dushu Witt's, both big Bill Clinton fans, didn't let a little
blue dress stand in the way.
I'm proposed to bring in Ken Star because Jeffrey deserves the best representation possible
Dushu Witt said, Ken Star happens to be an excellent constitutional lawyer.
This isn't about politics.
No doubt that last week's show of force was also designed as Psych outstate attorney
Barry Krischer, his office is supposed to prosecute Epstein, but the case has been
installed.
A source of the state attorney's office, last year, made an anonymous, said prosecutors
are waiting for the FBI to win its probe bubble.
Palm Beach Police originally came up with a boxload of evidence against Epstein after
in 11 months surveillance.
Palm Beach Chief Michael Ryder referred to the mayor of the FBI last summer after slamming
Krischer for not pursuing a charge harder than prostitution, word is the FBI's looking
to whether Epstein flew some of the Palm Beach County girls to his home in New York.
So here comes Alan Dushu Witt's and here comes Roy Black and here comes Kenny Star.
See what there's big money up for grabs.
These people, you know, politics don't make any difference.
And then make you want to encores Alan Dushu Witt's who was right there with our good buddy
O.J. also, your recall.
And Bobby Shapiro and Johnny Cochran.
Oh, is he still dead by the way?
Okay.
And that whole bunch of banditos.
Sellers sold for a dime, baby.
That's what these people will do.
Defending the indefensible.
902 votes on the pool.
Well, I think you might be, I don't know, by 1230 push down that thousand Chris, then
we can like sit back and spin some wax.
Sounds good to me.
What do you think, George?
I'll come off for it.
Are you serious?
Why do you keep saying that?
Well, no, I'm not serious.
That's why I keep saying that.
Well, you are serious.
I do that on the holidays.
I mean, it's like, what happened?
He's not a holiday model.
I know.
I mean, it is.
I'm a holiday.
Like I said, what a great idea.
We can alternate.
You play one, I'll play one.
Chris can play computer games.
It'll be great.
902 votes on the pool.
What's the most emasculating thing for a guy?
Having a girl tell your family or friends that your size is inadequate 279.
That pitch needs to be slack silly, huh?
I'm not a big one on beaten on women or kids or violins or of any kind, but any bitch like that needs to be bitch slapped.
Is there any doubt about that?
No, no, no.
279 think that that's just as bad as it gets emasculating.
Being impotent, 136.
Having the erogers kick your ass, 118.
Boy, that would be bad.
That would be the sign of being a real whooess.
Having a girl kick your ass, 83.
It's even not even close to me.
I'm going to hold separate category.
Carrying your wife or girlfriend's purse, 81.
I always love when I see that.
Old guy, slumping around.
They've got mamas purse on their arm.
Because mamas got away.
And mamas busy spending their money.
It's really something where other people start spending your money like it's water.
You know, like somebody...
And you didn't even have to get married.
Carrying your wife or girlfriend's purse 81, buying tampons 58.
Being raped by a guy, that's moving up nicely 50.
Chris, your buddy tell you...
By the way, Booker Brian wrote a bit about that phenomenon.
The buying tampons.
Because he thought it was funny that I was doing that one day.
Yeah.
And so he wrote a bit about guys buying tampons.
Specifically about me buying tampons for my daughter.
Called tampons on a string.
He thought it was a miracle that a father would buy tampons on a daughter.
I don't have it.
It's true. It's not in there. tampons on a string.
No, I know it's not in there.
I'm going to tampons in doof.
Yeah.
Is that it?
No, it's not in here.
I think that it.
You must replace it.
No, got it.
Doof.
Well, it's her time of the marshal welcome ant flow.
Well, there you go.
I don't want to get too deep in the back.
Go ahead.
Let's hear a little bit of it.
That's enough.
Being raped by a guy, 90 or 50, having a gay guy kick your ass through the one.
Being raped by a girl, 26.
How's the guy get raped by a girl?
I heard of that, but it just...
It's not gonna be strong and I don't know.
A good fighter or something.
I don't know.
A masculine girl?
A really bush girl.
Kind of like what's her name there?
It was on CNN a while ago.
The one that looks like Hank.
Barbara's star.
No relation to Kenny star.
Or Wingo.
Spending a day alone with your mother-in-law, 19.
Being seen crying, 16.
I thought that would do much better.
But you know, guys do cry.
And the being...
Especially if they're married.
Oh, believe me.
I know all about crying.
Especially lately.
And being sterile only five.
I mean, that's a, you know, that's a nature thing.
I mean, you need help that, right?
Right.
Or it could have been an accident, which also you can't help.
Right.
That's what Tommy Cruise told us.
The biggest name to the best talent.
This is no longer...
Tommy, 65.
9.
9.
Leader.
That guy's fucking blow.
What's that about tonight?
They're back.
Your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band.
It's Russia Shunna-na, with their greatest hits out of...
Suck Hoppeth of synagogue.
My wherever's back is gonna touch the fence with baby.
Oh, baby, my wherever's back.
Yes, Russia Shunna-na is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of Hoppeth Hebrew Hicons.
That guy...
He's in good far juice.
This album should be in every orthodont rocker's collection.
Rolling Stone gets it five stars of David.
It I wonder wonder, it in the day who wrote the book of Job.
Suck Hoppeth of synagogue, new from Russia Shunna-na, available in all record stores.
We'll talk right when you get here.
Don't pass over this album.
They're here.
Don't pass it over, baby.
All the Getskies all the time.
Let's go to Shul.
What do you say?
Let's do the Shul from Shul while we're eating tripled bacon cheeseburgers.
Mmm.
Heavy on the cheese.
Heavy on the deli.
Get that good...
Get a good crocky on.
Flim.
Oh, well, you know, it's always a god when we have flim.
Yep.
We will...
Oh, Christ, I hate that.
And especially when you have like a cold or like, you know, allergies, stuff like that.
All that damn, you know, it feels like a cold but it's not.
Authorities decided yesterday, and I'm not playing music by the way, you are, you know, no wonder they hate you.
No wonder they hate you.
No wonder great that you hated you and Jobah hates you.
That's why.
And talks really bad about you behind your back part.
That's why.
I don't know what it is.
Although I'm sure he talks bad about me behind my back too.
In fact, I would like to have seen the other emails that preceded the one that your friend Joel sent you.
From across the street, Paul.
Ask for.
He's listening now.
Oh, I'm sure he is.
He listens religiously to his show.
Hey Joel, what's that about you?
Although, listen, maybe he's in shoulder day with his rich daddy.
Maybe they're saying a brocha.
Authorities decided yesterday not to pursue hate crimes, charges in the kidnapping and weak long torture of a black woman,
instead of going after the suspects who are white on state charges of crazy different penalties.
Big Creek, West Virginia baby.
What kind of a place might that be, huh?
Kind of like, Aintry no doubt.
You know that whole thing in deliverance about Aintry.
I mean, maybe it's a slight exaggeration.
But there's such a large part of a merciless like that.
I'm a gay, he's running out of it.
A PC, a dojo.
Virginia, West Virginia with a banjo on your knee.
Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana.
While federal civil rights or state hate crime charges are made an option,
a state kidnapping count that carries a sentence of a collective prison will provide the best chance
for a successful prosecution official.
As a practical matter, sentence to life, what else can be done?
You asked Attorney Charles Miller to the AP.
Six people face charges including kidnapping, sexual assault,
and I did you see the pictures of these people, by the way?
Nope.
You didn't see them?
Nope.
Oh my god, what a bunch of toothless yey who just like,
just like what you were playing moments ago, just like the crowd from Aintry.
Wow, that's them.
Six people face charges including kidnapping, sexual assault,
and lying to police in the torture of Megan Williams,
28 A. Remote Health Side Home in Big Creek, West Virginia.
State hate crime charges were carry a sentence of 10 years,
could come later, prosecuted Brian Abraham, said,
State sexual assault charges carry a penalty of up to 35 years in the slammer in the whos cow.
The woman's captors forced her to eat dog or eat rat droppings,
choked her with a cable cord and stabbed her in the leg while calling her a racial slur
according to criminal complaints.
Hey you racial slur.
They also poured hot water over her, made her drink from a toilet,
and beat an sexually assaulted her during a span of about a week,
did I can say.
They just wanted to show her a good time, I guess.
Williams wasn't a random target prosecutor Brian Abraham said yesterday,
she had a social relationship with one of the suspects.
The AP generally does not identify suspected victims of sexual assault,
but Williams and her mother, Carmen Williams, agreed to release her name.
Carmen Williams said she wanted people to know what her daughter had endured.
At one point a suspect cut the woman's ankle with a knife and used the inward,
and telling her she was victimized because she is black.
It wasn't until an anonymous tippled Logan County Sheriff's Deputies
to the property on Saturday that her ordeal ended authority said,
she limped toward the deputies her arms outstretched and she cried,
help me, official said.
Williams remained hospitalized Wednesday in Charleston,
the hospital declined to release any information about her condition.
The victim had a previous relationship with Bobby Brewster,
one of the six and custody, oh, you ought to see Bobby.
He was charged into a lie with a domestic battery
and assault after a domestic dispute involving the same woman.
She obviously had some sort of social relationship Abraham said,
that's based on the fact that she was president of his residence on a prior date.
The suspects have arrest records going back several years
according to records from Logan County Magistrate Court,
and Abraham said he was familiar with all of them.
Most of the charges are minor things,
he said, basically on weekends they get in trouble
and buy the middle of the week they make up with each other.
Since 1991 police filed 108 criminal charges against the six,
Brewster's mother, Frankie Brewster,
49 faced the most serious charges among them.
She was charged in 1994 with first to be murdered,
but completely killed in demands slaughter and wanting endangerment.
She was released from prison in 2000 after serving five years in the death
of an 84-year-old woman.
In William's case Frankie Brewster charged with kidnapping, sexual assault,
malicious wounding and giving false information
during a felony investigation.
Bobby Brewster, 20, for also a big creek,
is charged with kidnapping, sexual assault,
malicious wounding, and assault during commission of a felony.
In March, Brewster was accused and criminal complaints
of attacking his mother with a machete at her home,
according to court records.
He's just an angry young man, I guess, when you say,
okay?
The outcome of those charges domestic assault
brandishing a deadly weapon of struck-in officer was not immediately clear.
Danny J. comes 20 of heart'sest charges
with sexual assault, malicious wounding,
and Kenny, a Karen Burton 46,
of Chapmanville charged with malicious wounding,
badgering, and assault during commission of a felony.
Burton's daughter, Alicia Burton, 23,
and George Messer, 27, both the Chapmanville charged with assault
and yaddy-addy-addy-addy.
She previously faced charges of assault during commission of felony and
a felony.
In May, she was accused of striking Messer with a shovel
and smashing the window of a woman's car.
This sounds like a much angry young folks, you know?
Maybe they're from Mexico.
All six remained in custody.
Wednesday and Louis, $100,000 cash bail.
Each Bobby Bruce's schedule appeared before a Logan County circuit charge Monday
to be arraigned on the kidnapping charge.
Public defender Dwayne Atkins appointed represent Bobby Bruce during
public defender Betty Gregory.
Defined comment.
I can't imagine why.
The other defendant's court appointed lawyers were either
inheriting her to immediately be true in phone calls yesterday.
Neighbors of Megan Williams and Charleston recalled her as sweet
natured, but said her family kept largely of themselves.
They were isolated in a way, said the reprenormant Jones of greater
manual gospel tabernacle, which Carmen Williams attended.
I guess she didn't say the right prayers though, huh?
Damn.
Carmen was very protective of Megan, so it was hard to know her well.
She was very protective, but not protective enough.
I guess.
It's a lovely story.
It's a little piece of American.
From the heartland of Redneckville, of Yehuville, I'm trying to think
if I've ever been in West Virginia.
Have you ever been in West Virginia?
Yeah, sure.
Sure.
Yeah.
Sure.
Well, why do you say sure?
Well, that's right.
You got that joint north for a line all the time.
Yeah.
So what does that have to do with West Virginia?
They're near each other.
We drive.
We drive.
We're chasing around the cold moment.
Yes.
That's what you were doing?
Sure.
Why not?
938.
938 votes on the pool.
We're going to be closing in toward a thousand by the top of the
yard.
You know what I said?
Toward a thousand?
Uh-huh.
I didn't say on a thousand.
Because I don't want to get Chris all, you know.
Yeah.
Yeah.
He's got a little testy when I start getting the premature
evaluation here.
Yeah, exactly.
But we got the thousand looked and that's good.
Nice going, Brandon.
Excellent job.
Let's see what the next pool is going to be.
That would be a good challenge for the audience.
How come we don't have a pool being fact-stained yet for tomorrow?
I don't have one for tomorrow yet.
We better go work.
Yeah.
And of course, when it's for Friday, that means it's got to be a good one
because it's up there all weekend long, you know.
Just gathering like a stone, rolling downhill, gathering moss.
Gathering randy moss.
21-till noon at 5-16 WQM direction where you go in life depends on you and how strong is your drive.
Well, you've proven over the years through a long nights, weekend hours, next
reference that you're putting it all on the line.
And your drive, that's an AMG because in life one inevitably leads to another.
So go ahead, commerce, say he's Benzapamato, 1-800-New Benz, and begin the most
exceptional adventure in buying your car.
The AMG isn't just another luxury automobile.
It's the luxury automobile.
The one that makes a statement just by sitting still.
At Mercedes Benzapamato, the rewards for effort is waiting for their exceptional indoor showroom.
And they offer more in stock choices than any other Mercedes dealer.
Call 1-800-New Benz and learn more.
Make an appointment with Mercedes Benzapamato Professional.
Make your time really count.
Call 1-800-New Benz today.
1-800-New Benz.
1-800-New Benz.
Direction and drive, the directions up to you and the drive is the AMG from Mercedes Benzapamato.
The biggest name is the best out.
You know his male logic, 45-60-QAM.
The fourth leader.
The U.
Yuh.
Where are we going to read?
That Osama married Sada.
That Elvis lives in his car and that pickpock lives in France.
Every time I chip down my groceries, you always make my day.
Look, Hillary and Dupton and Alien Baby.
And there's a bad voice living in a cave.
So much fire makes me real new.
Where the headlines made us all how.
The only reliable paper is throwing you the towel.
No stradunist vampires and a poor boy.
I'm gonna miss an anger too.
So now where can I read all the future lines without doing they were new?
Yes!
16-till-noons all the polywags that look like Elvis will be missing those no more world-weekly news.
Not that I ever read it, but you see it on the newsstander and have all those bizarre.
At least they admitted that it was all fictitious.
They just made up all the crap.
As opposed to the mainstream media, they pretend they're giving you the amus.
They just make most of it up too.
I already know that Ann Coder was the interrupted, the petriest testimony on Foxy,
that it gave Ann Coder her 15 seconds of bile.
I'm not interested.
Don't anybody send me any more emails or crap about Ann Coder?
I'm not giving that bitch any more time on his show.
We know what it is. It is what it is. It's evil.
Like they say about a fish. If the head stinks then the whole fish stinks.
Isn't that how it goes? Something like that?
If it stinks from the head, it stinks from the...
That's right, every part.
Wait till you hear this.
You know what this reminds me? It's about Larry King in their name in a street after him in Hollywood.
Not Florida, but California.
This reminds me of Miami Beach.
All the years, 30 plus years, three and a half, that I've been...
And of course I started on WKAT in Miami Beach.
And I couldn't believe that there was a street named Arthur Godfrey Road.
And of course back in the day when I was there, there was almost all Jews in Miami Beach.
Now it's...
They could eat blood.
They all moved to Boka or died.
And I thought to myself that would be like having in Brooklyn a street where...
You know, they're all the Jews in Brooklyn.
Having a street called Adolf Hitler Way or something like that, you know.
It was great.
We get that.
We get that one.
We get that one.
We get that one.
We get that one.
Joseph Gerbels Road.
It's something like that.
Because Arthur Godfrey was notorious one of the most virulent anti-Semites.
He never hired anybody Jewish.
He was one of the owners of the Kennellworth Hotel on the beach that wouldn't allow Jews or blacks to stay there.
And so they name a street Arthur Godfrey Road.
And you'll see the Getskies in the summertime.
All the Orthodox the Getskies, the Hussiedem, were the big hats and the heavy coats.
And they're crossing Arthur Godfrey Road.
And that kind of answer is the question for me, you know what I mean?
It tells me everything I need to know.
So 180 degrees in the shade.
And here are people wearing coats that weigh like 600 pounds.
They weigh more than Jim DeFese's.
Not to mention the big hats and the talus and all the schmothers.
And the aroma could put you in a coma.
Anyway, in an image provided by CNN.
Larry King is shown on the set of his program, Larry King Live at the CNN Studios in LA.
Thursday, March 17, 2005.
The City Council voted Wednesday, September 12, 2007, meaning yesterday,
to rename the black that surrounds the CNN building in Hollywood.
Larry King is square.
In recognition of King's 50 years in broadcasting.
King who started his career at a Miami radio station in 1957,
host CNN's longest running interview programming, Larry King sucks ass.
The Council also agreed to name an intersection near Fairmont Studios.
I love Lucy Square, actor, the late comedian Lucille Ball.
And Lucy Cassada, who owned a popular restaurant there called Lucy's El Adobe Cafe.
Lucy Cassada.
I wonder if she was able to Isabelle de Cassada.
Remember her shoes to do the news on one of the local Yoko channels?
It's about the Cassada with news from Nikarai Wai.
Oh, I mean, I mean, I'm right.
The food is there. That's all we care about. That's all you care about.
Yeah.
Lucy, actor, husband, Desiree, is also at a production company at the intersection of Melrose,
Zammaneu and Plymouth Boulevard.
So they've got, I love Lucy Square.
We're trying to understand that.
Larry King's square is Larry King's square.
Uh-huh. It's kind of oblong.
Square is a bread box.
The hunchback, the suspended animation, Larry, professional butt-soaker.
By the way, you still try to catch those checks of Gulfstream, Larry.
I just mentioned that in passing.
You see, with the passage of years, like Roy Slianhoff, I couldn't believe that he's dead.
And the Hank told me that when we were doing that crossover that one day,
my old friend from Gulfstream, he's the one who told me about all the checks that Larry,
the bad checks that he bounced there.
But then again, you know, some people they just forget about their past and they move on.
They don't, yeah, there's no restitution involved.
Restitution.
Well, we better play that before the show's over in the game.
Come on.
There you go.
Double-dog dare you.
Oh, let's see.
Oh, look at that.
What's the name of this scene?
The name of the scene is...
It's restitution.
You're not playing.
It's about my radius.
It's called prostitution.
Oh, I hate when this takes so long for the table of contents to come up.
Surho on.
Well, what does that mean?
I know I asked you that before.
I don't think it means anything.
And I also don't think it's going to queue up in that deck.
But you don't want to get thinking about my two CD decks here?
When one of them will do it, the other one will.
You'll see.
You'll hear it too.
Surho on.
Are you threatening me?
I think this disc has been patchy with because it won't queue up.
Now, how the hell is that possible?
Because I've played it.
You know how many times I've played this.
I'm threatening to play it.
I have to make me find my copy.
Surho on.
Come on.
You can do it.
I want to see the table of contents.
Baby, I want to see a CD something.
We'll sit here and wait.
All right.
We'll have a race.
To some University of Oklahoma football fans, there are things that just aren't done in the heart of sooner nation.
And one of them...
...took me here as a student because my won't queue up.
And one of them is...
...to walk you to a bar wearing a Texas Longhorn's T-shirt.
This damn thing won't queue up.
It just sits there.
I think Joe Bell put a hex on it.
Do you think that's possible?
Or maybe it was when Joel Feinberg called and not once but twice on the show.
Don't you remember how everything got all screwed up and the pole got messed up?
Everything got screwed, but what...
And that's what he said.
That's what he told your friend, Fantas, Jolly, Joe Bell.
Well, I have a...
You know, this just is a chance for me to effort you.
You know, all I want.
Yeah, when you're spoiled rich, 50, you have a lot of time on your hands and say you go and do things to effort people.
That's all.
Thank God this thing was finally came.
Jesus Christ knows this keeper hand of Joe's Echin.
They want us to find a way.
Oh, right.
Every Embertsin' for back pay.
Oh, from 200 years ago, when they were slaves...
...so do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.
When I only have a mobile home, a pimple and a pinch of scope,
So if your bottom asks me how, here's what I gotta say.
Oh, right.
You've got to.
To some University of Oklahoma football fans, there are things that just aren't done in the heart of the soon nation.
One of them would be playing that whole song.
That's exactly what touched off a bloody squirmers.
They left the University of Texas fan castrated, nearly castrated.
He walked into a bar wearing a Texas long horns t-shirt, and an Oklahoma fan facing aggravated ass-all charges
that could have put him in prison for up to five years.
You just don't do that kind of stuff.
The cases set off a raging debate in this football crazed region about the extreme passions behind a bitter rivalry.
Some legal observers even questioned whether this case could ever truly have an impartial jury.
I've actually heard callers on talk radio say this guy deserved what he got for wearing a Texas t-shirt into a bar
in the middle of sooner country said Irvin Box.
I wonder if he's related to Larry Box?
An attorney in the city 20 miles from OU's campus in Norman.
By the way, is anybody faxing any polls in because you're just here not faxing any to me?
I don't got none. Charlie hasn't.
And there's none on the facts.
Well, that's bad. Charlie B is kind of like Peter Downham.
Police say Brian Christopher Thomas 32 walked into Henry Hudson's pub on June 17,
wearing a long horns t-shirt and quickly became the focus of football trash talk from another regular,
soon as fan Alan Michael Beckett 53.
53 year old man acting like a child.
Thomas told police that we went to the bar to pay his tab Beckett grabbed him in the crotch,
pulled him to the ground and wouldn't let go.
Even as other bar patrons tried to break it up.
He grabbed him in the crotch that sounds kind of gay to me. What do I know?
It took more than 60 stitches to close the wound and police interviewed Thomas at a nearby hospital.
Beckett's attorney Billy Bach.
But don't you love his beer?
Billy Bach beer?
Conceives that his client commented about Thomas's shirt but said this was just good nature to ribbing
and that he apologized to Thomas when it appeared to upset the Texas fan.
Later Bach said Thomas approached his client at the bar and threatened him.
Thomas's attorney disputes with the Beckett's version.
That's total malarkey he said.
My client never said a word to him.
He got up to pay and when he paid and left the tip of the guy, he grabbed him.
He grabbed his crotch.
Beckett, a church deacon, federal auditor and former Army combat veteran has pleaded not guilty.
He said, I don't know, a church deacon. How do you like that? I wonder if he knows Deacon Doulson.
His next court appearance comes October 4th.
Two days before the Sooners and Longhorns tangled and their annual football game at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas.
That's important stuff, baby. That's heavy duty stuff.
His Oklahoma and Texas football. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. Football, right?
Even George would agree with that, even as much of a skeptic.
What?
I don't know. What about the cinema?
The Texas Sooners and Oklahoma, whatever they are.
They want us to fight.
What's Oklahoma? Oklahoma, the theaters and the...
Sooners, that's right. Sooner or later, that's right. The Sooners.
And as soon as we start talking about that, the better off it will be for everybody.
A former priest pleaded, Julie, a Wednesday to stealing hundreds of thousands of dollars from his church by setting up secret bank accounts
to pay for a life of luxury including traveling around the world and buying a condominium, a condominium.
The Reverend Michael Jude Fay, who resigned last year as pastor at St. John Roman Catholic Church,
pleaded, Julie, do interstate transportation and money obtained by fraud.
He faces up to 10 years in prison.
$250,000 fine, a must pay, restitution.
Oh no.
Prosecutors said Fay took between a million and two and a half million dollars over seven years,
but the priest has disputed that. He admitted taking between 400,000 and one million.
It's my understanding, Your Honor, that I use church money,
his parish money is for means and needs other than means and needs of the parish,
or the person whose other parish said, Fay dressed in a dark suit with a bandage on his hand.
My understanding that is that it's by fraud.
He and his mother, say that hotels like the Witts-Carleton, hotel de Paris in the four seasons,
they were traveling all over the place.
Shopped at Burbed-Off Goodman, Sax 5th Avenue, North Stream, Grova Jaguar,
10th of the sports club, spent 130 grand for limo rides from self-enama.
He spent tens of thousands of home furnishings and meals and more than 20 grand
to mark the 25th anniversary of his ordination.
He also bought a condominium in Florida with another man.
Fay and his attorney Lawrence Hopkins declined to comment outside court in a hearing face
that he's undergoing chemotherapy for prostate cancer, but the treatment wasn't working.
Well, maybe it's an act of God.
Bill God!
You can come right down to where you think?
Maybe the Lord is smiting and smol-spiting him.
964 on that pool, it's 1156, four minutes from now, we're going to open up that QAM store on WQM.com
and you'll be able to buy a hundred dollar gift certificates with this 50 bucks
to the Blue Moon Fish Company's Cross-Bringing's location.
What did they bring you today?
What do you want?
They brought the colossal crab paste, of course, and then they brought a whole bunch of fillets
which I'm having one as well as Chris, with the Maytag Blue Cheese on top.
Did they bring all the food we've brought in?
No, thank God, because I have to share.
Specialties of the Blue Moon and Coral Springs include lobster and shellfish pan roast system,
he crushed the big eye tuna, is that tuna looking back at you with that big eye?
Macadamia, crushed chili and sea bass and Asian stir fry, plus peppercorn rub, New York,
sirloin, grilled filet, manuon, herb-crested New Zealand, rack of lamb,
and lots more selections for real meat lovers, too.
The Blue Moon Fish Company in Coral Springs, they're at 113-17,
Ropom Boulevard, column for reservations at 9.5.4.755-002.
And thanks to yours truly, you can buy $100 gift certificates and have price starting in about
3.5 minutes or so, if the store will be open at noon, wdqm.com,
but you better act fast, because once they're gone, they be gone.
What's the best name?
The best talent here is Neil Rogers, 4.2560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
It'd be the 12th of the 1 hour on WQA.
Well, I'd never thought I'd buy it, the guy no ride that I've been to the round-bits today.
Now, as a classic set of wheels, fixed up the way a brother would die again.
Now, with the green and China in the trimmer's cool, then the dyes of the Masi,
I got the candle liquid cherry, yo!
Oh, baby!
Oh, close all out!
So, darling, you need baby grease.
Oh, baby!
China made all the bills fairly machine, gift us his mention,
now so I bounced out the road in a big, dead and super bad way.
Now, with the heart of stock, the big deal is a day I'll get around the pitch in the praise.
1979, found bone Catalina, showed looking bad, now he's my baby catalepsy.
Darling, baby!
Overnickled on a journey, cherry, baby grease.
Darling, baby!
China made all the bills fairly machine, gift us his mention,
Oh, baby!
I kept our windows down, on our hearts on the day,
cause the AC door would no way.
The sweaty pressure of our seats starts to swell and gets the dusting organ over time.
I'm acting fine, the shiny grand as no light glides,
thanks my coffee, China to reserving Washington with all my wrong.
Don't hold the harem, over the conata, cherry, cherry, baby grease.
Darling, baby!
Michael Schrock, it means going low to speed bumps into school.
Darling, baby!
At first, but no, it's not.
Darling, baby!
Darling!
Are you shocked?
How difficult is your ticket to the wrong ticket?
Wow, it says they're all processing, which means there might be one or two or a couple of a pump back up there.
If there was some deadbeats out there, they might have popped them up or tried to like, you know,
a bad credit card or crap like that.
So we'll keep our eye on it, at least Chris will let you assignment.
Can you handle it?
Okay, keep your eye on it, but it didn't just matter a second,
so I bet you it does not do that because he wanted us to, you know, he likes what it takes a long time.
He's slot happy, he's slotting it down.
Is he really?
Mm-hmm, that's it.
Just a matter of seconds, that's how popular this thing.
Unlike Stugots over there on the Make Believe radio station, you know,
the Make Believe Stugots on Make Believe Sports Radio,
who still had stuff from like two weeks ago that he hasn't been able to pedal yet.
They got this big imaginary audience, you know, it's fantasy, they're within a fantasy world.
I know a lot of people are in a fantasy world, in fact, I'm one of them.
9.74, by the time we get to the bottom of the air,
we'll be well over a thousand, and then Chris can just sit back and chair and, like, collapse right on the floor.
You had a predecessor who did that?
Yeah, yeah, that'll plan to.
In fact, now that I think about that predecessor, you know who he reminds me of?
Who?
Now, where was he from?
Boy, yeah.
Where was he from?
The Overpass?
I don't mean that.
He's not a local boy born here.
Yeah, yeah.
Born where?
Here.
But where were his people from?
I assume Cuban, yeah.
Cuba?
Oh, right, his name is Carlos and he was white, so I'm guessing Cuban.
Not Mexico.
I know, no.
Just checking.
All right.
Israel believes that North Korea has been supplying Syria and Iran with nuclear materials.
I've watched in defense official to the New York Times.
The Israelis think North Korea is selling to Iran and Syria what little they have left.
The official letter that recent Israeli reconnaissance flights over Syria revealed possible nuclear installations
that Israeli officials estimate might have been supplied with material from North Korea.
Meanwhile yesterday, the Nazareth base is really Arab newspaper, the Asinara.
Sited anonymous Israeli sources are saying that Israeli jets bomb the Syrian Iranian missile base in northern Syria that was financed by Iran.
It appears the base was completed in destroy.
According to the Times, American officials confirmed Tuesday that Israeli jets launched a nearest strike inside Syria.
It's the Arabs and the Jews baby right here on Russia, Shana.
Let's have a blowout.
Sources said that Israel struck at least one target in Northeastern Syria but couldn't provide more details.
The most likely target was according to some administration officials.
Weapon cash is sent by Iran to a Hezbollah through Syria.
North Korea commented on the incident Tuesday calling it a dangerous provocation.
Chinese news agencies in Wall reported this is a very dangerous provocation little short of wantonly violating the sovereignty of Syria and seriously harassing the regional peace and security in North Korean foreign ministry official be saying.
The Democratic People's Republic of Korea strongly denounces above said intrusion and extends full support and solidarity to the Syrian people in their just cause to defend the national security in the regional peace.
You know what I say about the Syrians?
How about the men's fear?
How about the men's fear?
That's right.
Let's talk Hebrew on Russia, Shana.
What do you say?
Barul has all the night.
That's right.
See you're learning.
Beray pre-Hagoffin.
That's the Ablaqqat.
Yes, Ablaqqat.
And Yama.
Bless the wine.
Stick to the stuff you know what it means.
Okay.
I know what that means.
Good. Go do it.
See you.
Bye.
978 votes on that poll.
No, don't start being sacrilegious now.
You'll piss off the far bits from the trouble makers.
We're going to complain to the ADL about George.
He's using vulgar language.
He don't even know what it means.
Yeah, Kishmir.
You know that, Kraya.
Koshmer and Tophis.
That's what George's response is.
Okay.
Only I say it better than he does.
Tophis.
Koshmer and Tophis.
Tophis.
If anybody says something,
all you kids out there who are listening on your lunch break right now,
by the way, they're teaching a bunch of crap in school,
all you kids on your lunch break.
If somebody looks at you and says something,
you don't like if they give you a bunch of crap,
just look at my back and he, I say,
Kushmer and Tophis.
Okay.
Meaning, back home.
Kiss my ass.
The LA Times has reported that although Rudy Giuliani still leads the other GOP presidential contenders
in national polls,
he is far weaker in several crucial early primary states.
Oh, poor Rudy.
A new LA Times Bloomberg poll shows Giuliani training Mitt Romney and Iowan,
New Hampshire, and Fred Thompson in South Carolina.
However, none of the Republican candidates has inspired any real enthusiasm
even among their supporters.
And can you question that in any way?
No.
Of course not.
In addition, the latest ABC News Washington Post poll shows today that Giuliani's national standing
has looked from 37% to 28% today.
July was 37, and it's 28%.
I think I mentioned that yesterday, and I did, but maybe you weren't listening.
I know you weren't.
I know, I've never listened.
In Iowa, Romney, former Massachusetts governor,
posted a solid lead with support from 28%.
Giuliani and Thompson each have 16%.
And poor John McCain, he's got 7% in Iowa.
He's busy singing.
Bom, bom, bom.
You know something?
I can see John McCain sitting on the same piano bench with Brian Wilson.
Delicate.
God only knows.
God only knows.
Very sad.
In New Hampshire, Romney,
Thompson, Giuliani, 28% to 23%,
lead that is within the polls margin of error.
McCain won the New Hampshire primary in 2000, is backed by 12%,
and Thompson had 11% showing little bounce from his flashy national campaign announcement
on Jay Leno and the webcast.
And in South Carolina, where Thompson's hoping to trade on his southern roots,
the former Tennessee Senator leads Giuliani 26% to 23%, within the polls margin of error.
The result is a reversal from the Times Bloomberg survey in June when Giuliani outpulled Thompson.
Taking together the results underscore that voters who have had the closest view of the Republican field
see the race far differently than do voters nationwide.
To know them is to hate them.
To know them is to mistrust them, and to know them is to not want to touch them with a 10-foot poll.
Ten like a Joel said about the Humvee.
When you touch half of the 10-foot poll, I don't think Hank wants to be touched by Giuliani's primary.
Which get out of our face, get out of this show, Joel.
And you and Joe Bell, okay?
Go off and have a fist bite in the middle of 441.
Go have a brawl.
Go have a duel with Sundown.
And hopefully, it will be a draw.
We can only wish, we can only pray.
Barul Hahtad and...
A lot of prayers this time, aren't they?
By the way, I said I was going to read my bar, Mitzvah Masturani here.
I don't know where I was going to find them.
He drew a prayer book if you wanted to bust it out.
You want to bust it out?
Yeah.
Bust it.
I just bust a move, what do you say?
I'll bust a rhyme.
Yeah.
Or just bust you out.
Oh yeah.
It's been some wax.
There you go.
You know, you keep pushing me, I'm going to have to get out the jingle.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm going to get the hold of your jingle, so...
I'm going to keep asking for you.
I've got a good soul for you with your cramp.
Yeah.
You keep with no damn thing, you're so much of a shame.
From 77, now to your ABC.
Go, go, go.
Wow, on this day, I'm older, will you?
Jordan's going to spin some wax between now and two o'clock.
I'm going to go and take a nap, I'll see you later.
Oh, listen, how we doing on that blue moon thing?
Me talking about the song.
You all talking about it?
No, I'm not even kidding.
Oh, two came back real fast.
two deadbeats and then they sold out again real quick. So forget about it. Oh,
well you keep your eye on here. What does it say? Does it say sold out? What does it say?
It says sold out. It's mine. Let me refresh it. Okay. Because mine says also sold out.
In just a matter of seconds really. In just a matter of moments, this has to be the record today.
Now maybe that's a really good sign. Maybe that means that we're making a comeback.
Especially on Russia's show for Christ's sake. I'm sorry.
When you think on Russia's show that maybe there'd be like a lot of people in
shul and stuff like that. And also parting and having like, you know, whatever whatever we eat.
I'm Russian. I don't want to sound insensitive. But you will. But you know, are you watching CNN?
I doubt it. Yeah. Oh, I'm not watching anymore. I don't want to sound insensitive because it's
grotesque and horrendous. But why do we have to see that? We know that there are tragic and
horrendous things that happen to people of all ages. But why in the middle of your lunch?
Why do we have to see that for young child? This figured and grotesque.
Well, why do we need to see that? What is that? Not a lot for me. Are we learning something from that?
Is that newsworthy? Is that educational? Is that just grotesque? And that's why they put it on there.
Well, this is an Iraqi boy, by the way. All right. So, a new record.
New record. What? Nine minutes. Nine minutes we sold out. How do you like that? Even Robert
Grieber could have told you was going to be. Yeah.
Five minutes. And we sold the freaking survey of the things out. Of course, there were only 50 of them,
but nevertheless, they were $50. I was opposed to 25. We're moving to schmitt off the shelf here on
this show. Baby, eat your heart out. Stooots and Joel Feinberg. And let me just ask, I don't
want to see that anymore. This is what we're doing in Iraq. This is the kind of democracy that we're
spreading. And the kind of freedom. Freedom to be just figured and boatured and just barely alive.
But more than anybody want. I don't know. It is 20 degrees Celsius, by the way, here, the sun is shining.
I think last night it was in the 40s, boy. It's not going to be long now. This is the, it got
only news. And that's what Brian Wilson said. What kind of weather we're going to be having this winter?
Could have like 75 foot snowdrifts for Christ's sake. So we better pray. It's Russia's show. The Lord
is listening, baby. The Lord God is listening right now in the Jewish New Year because the Jews
have the chosen people chosen for a persecution and lots of death and stuff like that.
Thank God you are with me for my 60 kids.
Way out of the way.
We did it in the truth.
Absolutely.
Way down yonder.
In the heart of Dixie.
The land of constant.
In the heart of Christ.
Their treblents are cracking.
Out with the family.
Church is a peace and good.
Or a lats and a moon.
Crystal that's a patient.
The Christian bed that's new with creation.
Crystal that's a patient.
Crystal that.
All of God's human.
In God's contour.
Please.
Yeah.
Mary Galaxy.
The
hill
There they come
The
most
death
and
the
their
horny
very
poor
so they
great
more
whistle
that sensation
whew
whew
whew
whew
whew
whew
whew
whew
whew
whew
whew
y'all come back now you hear?
I ride
From my teen at five sixty-two
we got mad and I'll come up to a clock.
No Marlon game today, dang!
I know
Well that's bad news
Tell you
Marlon's app Colorado tomorrow
and it gets pushes it back way later
because of the time that it felt tonight game anyway
So we, I guess we're done with our early exit says
yesterday and it was very successful
I had at least 400 people there in the ballpark
and the people of the hero
and others they don't want to admit that there is
minimal to non-existent interest
Yeah, but they won the World Series twice
and that's even proof of it right there
that even when they spend the money
and they do have the good competitive teams
and they do in a lot of games and they go to the World Series and win it
people still don't care
There's that phony baloney band-bargain jumping
that takes place in the playoffs in the World Series
when a lot of the front running phony's jump on
you know like they did with the heat for example
And like they did with the Panthers even at one season
with the rats
remember that everybody had the banders going
we love the Panthers
I think that were those rats
Do you?
Mm-hmm
They won those rats
And maybe two?
Well let's go to the game and heave it on the ice
All right
Because that's what South Florida fans do best baby
They heave it
986
I think by the bottom of the hour
we're going to be pushing a thousand there Chris
What did I tell you before?
987
I said by 1230 will be like pushing a thousand
And we're pushing it right now
Speaking of pushing it
I got a really good the column here by Richard Kim from the nation
From several days ago though
But what terms is it made?
I just mentioned that because there are some things in here that might be you know
like outdated in terms of the time frame
The GOP's bathroom problem
Now that's never going to be outdated
because I never it never seems to stop
Richard Kim says what's up with the Republican Politico is getting arrested by undercover cops for soliciting sex and public restrooms
First Florida State Representative Bob Allen
formerly John McCain State Campaign Co-Chair
was arrested in July after he offered a police officer $20 for the privilege of performing oral sex
And then the news broke that back in June
Senator Larry Craig, Republican of Idaho, long the subject of gay rumors
was arrested in a Minnesota airport by a plain closed-confinestive getting
Lude Conduct in the men's bathroom
Both men are married to women
The moment is so thick with irony I scarcely know where to begin
But let's start with their incredibly lame-attensive damage control
Upon arrest both Allen and Craig attempted to use their positions of power to escape charges
Craig handed over his US Senate Business Card to the officer and asked
What do you think about that?
Post arrest Allen appealing to at once to homophobia and racism out of the black gay panic defense
You see he wasn't really interested in giving head
He was just trying to save his neck
Apparently the cop was a pretty stocky black guy
and there were nothing but other black guys around the park
Fearing he was about to become a statistic
Allen did what any other rational straight white man would do if he just so happened to find himself
Cruising a public restroom full of black men
Fork over rejection and drop to your knees
Luscious hysterical but equally flimsy as Craig's story
Through his spokesman Craig said that the whole incident was just a...
He said he said this understanding
Last year when gay blogger Mike Rogers alleged that Craig had engaged in same sex relations
Craig called the story absolutely ridiculous almost laughable
I wonder if Craig was laughing on August 8th when he pleaded to plead guilty to misdemeanor disorderly conduct charges in a Minnesota court
Of course both Republicans have a long history of support for anti-gay legislation
In craves case both for the federal marriage amendment
And in Allen's brief court against gay adoption
A court-prefugansky adoption
An authorship of a failed builder-reaction of penalties for unnatural endless civil acts
I'm sure as the press digest the craves scandal
You hear a lot about hypocrisy, repressed homosexuality and internalized homophobia
Good enough I suppose for making a somewhat cheap political point
And sweeping these undeniably creepy tragic guys back into the broke back mountain days from once they apparently came
But I wonder if the GOP's burgeoning bathroom problem isn't reflective of something larger than just a bunch of conservative dudes who couldn't come out of the closet
There's something palpably sad to me about what happened to Allen Craig too
Something oddly touching about their misplaced faith in the fainting world of secret anonymous gay sex
That world once found in bathrooms, parks, pears and adult bookstores
The further refugees of adventures and queers married men, the curious, has been swept away by so many police raids, privatization schemes,
quality of life campaigns and internet dating services
But mostly it's fallen away as gay's have become increasingly integrated in the mainstream and also paradoxically more marked than ever
You're either gay or you're not seems to be the equation
Until someone like Craig, Allen, Mark Foley, Ten Hagrid and Jim McRevy shows up to ripple momentarily the waters of public discourse on sex
These guys have problems, no doubt, but we might also pause to wonder if there's some cultural not-the gay liberation, despite its original and best intentions, has left in place
At the very least the link between public power and domestic heterosexuality with all the fetishistic displays of family life that entails has yet to be completely severed
Just as Rudy Giuliani or Hillary Clinton, moreover that not perhaps best described as sexual propriety is what fuels the moral campaigns against homosexuality that become one of the Republican parties identifying causes,
loyally supported by the likes of Craig, Hagrid Foley at all
It's also what leads by the Allen to the stunning and revealing calculation that it would be better to be seen in the public eyes and about racist than someone who likes to have sex with men sometimes
The GOP's bathroom, the tea room problem
I wonder what Miss Drudge thinks about that, and Miss Mr. Coulter, man-coder, what do you think they think?
I don't have to thank.
Ain't no thing, baby, ain't no thing, just a bunch of Donald Trump-up charges
992, baby, I guarantee you when we come back from the break here at the bottom of the room and speak in a break in spots
What is it with Joe? You know, since Joe Rose came back, have you noticed how he's screaming and shouting all the spots in the room?
I think that's the angle, that's his stick
That's Joe's stick? Sure, what a...
Screaming, and yeah, I mean the singing we already knew, you know, he likes to sing some stuff
I'm sure a lot of those ex-jokes they used to sing in the locker room together, you know, like an...
I'm feeling good, yeah, in the shower
But screaming and puking and y'all went, which is good, because in the least, I think what it is, it's like a re-bending against the lack of promotion
I think I mentioned this the other day, if he screams a lot enough, somebody might actually hear his voice
Oh Joe Rose is back on QAM, and we're all like that
What's his name?
The best talent he ever has in his new projects
42569 AM
Names, 4th, later
Even loves Neil Rogers, you might not be a movie star, but now, you can name your child as if you were
With a celebrity baby name generator
Cool!
How does the celebrity baby name generator work? It's so easy
First, enter where your baby was conceived, water bed
I think they mean city
Next, punch in the name of your favorite dead rock star
This is so exciting!
Finally, pick the F button to add the patent and flaky fame factor to give your baby a name that will hunt him for the rest of his life
Okay, you're good
Albuquerque moon, come quad, oh I love that name! Is it Greyhoney?
I guess I can teach him how to box, it's the gift that keeps on humiliating
The celebrity baby name generator
The manufacturers are not responsible, should your child grow up to be sent to you?
Develop a heroin habit or worse become an actor
We got a thousand two votes, let's hear it Chris
OOHH!
Alright!
Ha ha ha ha!
The unbridled enthusiasm, and it's just incredible
It just sends me right to the bowl, is where it sends me
We got a thousand two votes in a pool, nice call of grand and good pool
I don't see one for tomorrow though, for anybody, do you?
No!
Don't tell me the worst of all possibilities
That Sean, our pool guy, and Charlie be the other pool guy
And Charlie be was cranking him out like crazy bandit
They have both run dry, they have forsaken you
Oh that's not unusual, I mean if you saw the Myspace thing, I mean I've been
We got 1500 friends on it, with friends like that who needs Mexicans you know what I'm saying?
I mean it's just unbelievable, how they've abandoned you, you're right, I feel like an abandoned child
I think what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna take the mic off the boom here
Yeah, the walk around, no no, I'm gonna jump out the window
Sit on my patio, except there's all the pigeon droppings on there, pigeon crows
Oh, you're a slipper, sit on that, what?
No I'm talking about sitting out there, I guess I could take like a little chair
What word did you say?
Sitting, the pigeon had been doing something that sounds like that
And I don't want to be sitting in it, yeah
And there's a pooling and pooling, they've been pooling
Kaka, now is that a Hispanic thing or is it a, what are you talking about?
Pooing, poo, pooing
I think everybody does that
No I'm not talking about doing it, I'm talking about saying it, that expression
It's not a Hispanic thing, I hear it from Filipino people
Although, although Kaka is what we say in Spanish for pooping
Really, sure
Kaka moong, don't say it on Russia's show up baby, don't that span
Let's also Ramadan starting today
Is it, well why don't you tell me that before for Christ's sake?
Well you know, for Mohamed's sake
Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan, Ramadan
I can play that after there, who should have played that and be two to your shoulder
Who I showed today, we could have been really from baby, we could have been, we could have had God's forgiveness
And Mohamed and play a Christian bit and then we'll cover all the Middle East
Maybe Mohamed will come to my house and put up another satellite dish
By the way, stay in hell away from my house, Izzy, you bug me, you bother me bad
You need to go to handy man?
Yeah I do actually, no one?
No
Thousand five votes on the poll, it all depends on what you want me to do, just keep them off your roof
Don't let them go anywhere near your roof
He'll stop and chomp and whatever
But they'll come in and have a few beers with you though
Senator David Vitter made a potentially Freudian slip up while taking part in a New Orleans radio interview five years ago
MSNBC's Dan Abrams, you know, Dan Abrams just, here's another guy who thinks that his stuff doesn't stink
He's like the, although he's not illiterate
He's like the Joel Feinberg OTV
He's got a wealthy daddy who was a famous journalist and all of a sudden he's a big shot
They put him in charge of the programming on MSNBC
Wow, what we do and now he stuck himself on there at night
Well, what show is it that he replaces on there?
I don't know what it is after Overnment, what did they got on at 9 o'clock?
I don't know if that awful Joe Scarborough, that terminal pompous ass
I think so
And so now, because he's in charge, Dan Abrams puts himself on there
and ripped off most of the kind of bits that they do on Overnment show
Which I don't watch anymore anyhow
MSNBC's Dan Abrams who host a New Orleans call girl Wendy Cortez and Hustler Magazine publisher Larry Flint on this program two day evening
played an excerpt from in July 2002 broadcast of Ringside, a political radio show during which Senator Vitter was confronted by a call into the program
about a possible relationship with Cortez
That's Wendy Cortez, not Dave Baby Cortez of Happy Organ fame
All the things that we were going to have you were going to have you were going to have you
Organ? Yeah
That's that, that's that, come on, we can do it
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap
The call I identified is Flaming the Liberal
Challenge that it assigned under the company of Pergi and Appetite
saying you've never had an extra murder with her and you've never known that her being the company of one Wendy Cortez
who may be Kim's, Dave Baby Cortez
I'll check you, Organ
What?
I'll check
I don't
Thank you for repeating all these vicious rumors that my political enemies are trying to band the about Vitter had responded on the show
Adding a parenthesis mistakenly that those rumors are absolutely true and continuing they really don't belong in any political campaign
I've stated very clearly that they're lies
Little slip of the tongue, which I'm sure wasn't the first time or place the tongue slip
Wasn't so clear based on what he just said, even when Mark had to have played the flip as Cortez was accused of using the insider
of having a sexual relationship with her laugh she chuckled just like Gilbert
Cortez and Flaming the Liberal and Sparrow and Yutuz Day press conference announcing that a polygraph test had confirmed the call girl was telling the truth
In another clip from the same radio show available at Ring Size website a caller named Tom as Vitter to appear on air with Vincent Bruno
A Republican state central committee member from Louisiana who had earlier led the senator was involved with Cortez
Not Dave Baby Cortez but Wendy
Vitter responded by making clear he would not appear with Bruno and called him a thug in a liar
A charge for which the senator formally apologized the next day after Bruno threatened to lawsuit Jeff Kurey who conducted the interview
Be right and it was a purely sexual relationship Cortez told Ann Abrams adding that her interaction with Vitter
Spanned four months Vitter came to the escort service that I was working for at the time and the appointment was set up
And that's how we met she said as by Abrams if she was sure it was the senator she replied 100% positive
Absolutely Cortez's polygraph examination which is arranged in painful by Larry Flint was conducted by the former American polygraph association president Edward Gelb
The test asked whether she was telling the truth about the existence of relationship and whether it lasted for as long as she purported questions to which
GELP says Cortez responded truthfully
You kind of overlook a guy having one mistress the self proclaimed smut pedler whose magazine expo senator Vitter's connection to the DC Escort service earlier this year
But a guy having half a dozen you know it went a little bit overboard well maybe he's just horny you know
Comparing Vitter who remains in office to embed all GELP senator Larry Craig was announced his resignation plans maybe possibly Flint argued that there's a double standard among Republicans
It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out what's going on
Idaho votes 80% Republican they got a Republican governor now even way they're going to keep that seat
But Vitter is on shaky ground in Louisiana and Republicans want to give him a pass
All by life I've been called a liar said Cortez responds to a question about why she chose to come forward I have integrity I have dignity I have self respect today
I'm not a liar who cares if that her did it to be honest tell the truth she said tell the freaking truth gosh dang it
I mean why can't a hooker be honest you know for Kathy Willett said
Now who was it that was in the closet in Kathy's house?
Her husband he was in the closet Washington who was the alleged slave of the nation was in
Who was it oh Doug Dan Zinger
Doug Dan Zinger is a great memory what a memory George actually let's hear for John
I'm talking about the extra
Very good and hubby was in the closet watching taping and watching
Oh I wonder what he was taping for for later
You don't think they had any plans for well let's not go back into the county willess thing okay
I mean probably most people don't even remember who the hell I was you know it
Kathy Willett
Hey Neil it's true I can't have an orgasm just driving down on 95
But only if you're driving beside me
Oh God what a thought she just makes me want to puke you know that pasty a model complexion
She could be a fashion model
1,000 A-POTES on our well-famous pool and Brandon and Chris are probably going to have a big dinner together tonight
So don't you not a lot of online not because I'm really a sail like that I mean Brandon claims to be by maybe he might take a shine to you
That's a flash
I can't believe this is no logics
4.5.6.2 am
Nick sports leader
Don't have worry Fred you'll fit around with it
I'm a self-hating white way moralizer
A meal con that's more holy than you
I only have just one selfish desire
Cruising toilets to bundle strange doors
2,3,4, chat to shoe on the floor
I want to take a little sneaky thingy
One guy's like you take a little thingy
Open my head out for 100% love
Just a little sneaky thingy to see if there's more or we think
I like sausage and shiny meatballs
2,3,4, you're my bitch and I the hoe
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la
Let's head through the guy let's to me, I think you're part of that
My looks may not match my very high voice
Yeah
But in a dress I look dressed like Eve Arden
Does that impress you enough to get more?
It's 6,7, great you blew it for 2008
I'd ball the tape a little sneaky thingy
When guys try to take a little thingy
I only ask you help give it a day
Just a little sneaky thingy to see if there's more or we think
And by the way I deny that I'm gay
We can do it in the toilet
We can do it on the sink
I think it a new or sexy boy, that's...
Turned out a hole from Richard Pink
12,44 at 560, gay, WDQAM
We got 1000 and some vote
10,12
Aren't you impressed?
No
I'm not impressed because nobody's sending us in a new pool
I know they abandoned me
Did he give up?
I guess
I'm tracking the email over here nothing
No email, no phone
Just the facts
You're on your own buddy
Twisting the wind baby
Maybe he got mad at George for using what's your name's polls and not his
Liz
Who's Liz?
Some chick that sent some polls in
I never got any
I'm just a summer
What?
Liz is mine baby, you can't have her
I'm a little shy
I'm a little shy
I'm a little shy
You like to hang out with Liz?
No, no, I don't
I don't have that with you
That's the accusation that's been made but she hasn't sent a picture so...
What is him?
We should have sang out with you
She could be a faddled man for all I know
What?
She's sang out with you
She seems like me
Oh, another Lynn Samuel, another fag hang
We got that in the back
I can't deal with those people
She seems like money too
Oh, I don't know, I haven't got any
She has a husband you know
I used to have a husband
She has a husband?
So she said
Well, you're trying to say that she's gay
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no oh no here, l-here, l-here, l-here, l-here, l-here wait don't think who dares let him go!
movie thing, you know, I could make a whole week's worth of polls about that.
But we've done that 80 million times already, you know, I don't like going back
to the well too often.
Or I could do the one that I threatened to do the other day about the ethnic poll
for over the week.
That would be good for over the weekend.
See if we got like 1500 people still listening out there, which I doubt.
Yeah, we do.
See, I can hear the hysterica.
What was so funny?
What did I miss?
Huh?
That was the only thing that I had a money face.
The story is he turning red as head looking like a tomato now that is going to explode.
Yeah, sure.
Why not?
Must be the drugs.
Well, you are on fire today.
I don't know what it's all about.
In other words,
I'm aiming.
Yeah, I think 1016 on a pool.
Let's take a look at that result, shall we?
Oh God.
These four hour shows I'm thinking we need a lot more Marlon baseball games.
I agree.
Let's replay the Marlon wins.
Oh, that's not going to take too many days.
So, uh, those are early game in Pittsburgh.
You know what time they started?
No games started at 1230.
What's up with that?
Why couldn't we do that?
There's an early game in Pittsburgh.
Well, I bet.
Yes, they are starting at one.
Well, they started at 1230.
We would have put down a level five.
No, yesterday, like we did.
Oh, so there's no game on right now.
You hit me.
Look, I got you.
I got you a little worried.
I know you thought we were done.
No, we have no more early games this year.
I love how I was going to put the game on.
Me the best possible look at that.
So I go wow.
You know, I noticed you haven't said anything about a bill belt
check and caught cheating.
You know, I hate to break the news to you, but they interviewed some of the players
and former players.
They said that all the teams do that as far as the taping and everything.
It's not a big deal.
He already apologized in addition to which if they wouldn't have had anybody taping
anything, it was like a major league team against the little girls team.
Okay.
Did you see the game?
Did you see the well?
So what are you talking about?
I was watching the, you know what you are?
You're a typical dolphin fan.
Where are you from?
Where are you from?
Jealousy, man.
Jealousy, man.
Jealousy, man.
You know, one of the worst characteristics of all, okay.
One of the worst characteristics of anybody in the world is jealousy.
It wasn't jealousy at all.
Sure it is.
There are much better teammates than you guys.
It was funny that they had to even George.
Jealousy, jealousy because the dolphins suck and the papers are going to like maybe go like 15 and two this year, 15 and one.
Yeah, that's better.
Maybe they'll go 15 and two.
They'll play next again to make you happy.
16 votes on the pool.
What is the most emasculating thing for a guy?
Having a girl tell your family or friends that your size is inadequate 314 and everybody goes like,
everybody snickers when they hear that.
I do like snickers though.
I got to stop eating crap.
What I yesterday, I had some, what I ate to my, I know that with some what?
Pie.
No, food.
Food.
Ice cream.
Sausage.
I didn't have an ice cream while my body was in the dentist getting drilled.
Bacon.
I went to the supermarket and I got like a, I'm Hagen does ice cream bar, you know.
And I have to confess this.
It was a coffee, coffee crunch ice cream bar.
I was okay.
But you know, I got that because it doesn't have vanilla ice cream in it.
Almost every, almost every ice cream bar is based on vanilla ice cream.
I don't like, I don't like vanilla ice cream.
And for hip-hop, the only reason I'll ever tolerate vanilla ice cream is because it's
sweet because it's got sugar in it.
So it'll, it'll calm down your, it'll give you a little sugar fix, you know, temporarily.
But that's the only reason I'll even tolerate it once in a great while if that's all
it's available.
You know what I'm saying?
Yep.
Why do people, why, when we take those poles, that, that's the one that infuriates me
more than anything?
Anybody who tells me that their favorite flavor ice cream is vanilla needs to be gassed.
Just put to sleep.
They're a gas.
They're wasting space.
They're wasting space on a planet.
I mean, almost anything else.
It's subjective.
You know, we can have taste in food and taste in music, taste in movies, but, but vanilla ice
cream.
I mean, you know, if you put stuff on like a...
It has so crazy, you know, to go as a place.
Let me say this too.
But instead of talking about what we'd rather have, hot fudge on chocolate ice cream,
hot fudge on rocky road, hot fudge on chocolate marshmallow, or hot fudge on vanilla.
You're preaching to the choir, Billy Graham?
Yeah, well, I'm just telling you.
So anyway, I did have that.
And then I had some other crap, too, I figured, well, I had some, a penny pasta with chorizo
sausage.
That's a sausage thing, isn't it?
It's a sausage.
I know what it is.
I just said chorizo sausage.
And I said, a chorizo, you said sausage.
Well, I'm trying to tell you that that's a word.
The other thing that penny is pasta, and you say you say pasta.
That's a word for sausage.
And pasta, la pasta.
Well, that's what that means.
Yes.
So chorizo sausage is like sausage sausage sausage sausage sausage.
It's like saying, Billy can carty with meat.
I don't want which be seen.
I don't want no beans, baby.
I understand.
Ooh.
In fact, once in a great while at Taco Bell, which I don't put the dinner on, once in a
great while.
Oh, no.
Where did that come from?
Didn't come from me.
Oh, my God.
When you come down or what?
Anyway, what?
You are bad.
I'm what they told.
They told, huh?
Pardon?
See, there's nothing that's coming from here.
Uh-oh.
What the hell is this?
See, you're going to start playing stuff like that.
Don't get killed.
You're going to be bought on.
Oh.
Like I said, I'll see you on Monday, but not in a minute to bust Asian.
Yeah, I'm packing up there.
Parting in line is everything.
If you must, sometimes you gotta.
Don't do it.
Don't you, don't do it.
Stop it.
We might have known that almost ever in time.
We're not really told without your plants stuff overnight.
We're not sure why.
We haven't made all of it.
We saw that this would turn out to be a lot of money.
I mean, it's not going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
It's going to be a lot of money.
I wouldn't think that.
Of course, you've been on most of the summer song.
You know, they'll say, oh, you're the audience back.
Takes me like two, three months to get the audience back.
Yeah, whatever you say.
Thanks for your heavy duty promotion, by the way, Joe.
Speaking of all those sounds that you were making before,
all that heavy duty promotion.
Oh, that's a new one.
Now, what number is that?
It sounded like a number eight.
That's one of my favorites.
It is not get out of there.
That's number eight.
Well, that's not a mind.
Oh, oh, sorry about that.
I didn't need to play the greasy one.
Oh, man.
You know what I'm thinking?
No.
He's either black.
That we're not going to be here tomorrow.
Yes, what I'm thinking is today, like in a Godfather.
Remember, Michael says today, I'm settling all family business.
Yeah.
That's going to be my day to day.
Well, good.
You know what I mean by that?
I don't want to go into too much.
I do not.
I do.
I hope I do that.
But I think you're getting my general drift.
I hope that you'll be very, very selfish and consider knowing
about yourself and whatever you do today.
Good.
1025 on a pool, what's the most emasculating thing for a guy?
How about like farting in public?
It's not good.
In the elevator or something like that.
Well, it's not emasculating.
Just embarrassing.
There's a difference.
Having a girl tell your family or friends that your size is an adequate 316.
I'd hire a hitman.
Take the bitch out.
Being impotent 153.
Having your Rogers kick your ass 131.
Boy, you'd have to be a real woose for me to kick your ass.
Let's say that right now.
Carrying your wife or girlfriend's purse 92.
Having a girl kick your ass only 91.
I got the girls beat by a mile.
Being raped by a guy 72.
What is it by tampons 61?
Why would guys have to go by tampons for the lady?
Why would they be?
Any number of reasons would you like me to be normal?
They're busy because they're at work because you're on your way to the store.
Honey, can I pick you up something?
I'm at the Walgreens buying something.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, pick me up a box of tampons.
Altered to luck.
Super absorbent.
Deodorized.
Having a gay guy kick your ass 34.
Being raped by a girl 27.
Spending a day alone with your mother-in-law 25.
Being seen crying 18.
And being sterile only 5.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
Solemante Cinco.
And you're dead.
I didn't die to a phrase.
Hey.
Do you know that pipe smoking thing's rapes funny?
Is that funny?
Huh?
What?
What?
What?
Since when is gang rape funny?
What do you require of me?
I require you to drive your beds.
Well, now see here right now.
I don't know who to drive.
Drop it off.
We don't know who you're like in bed.
Get your hands up.
Get out of the house.
Get out of the house.
That's what I know.
I don't touch my delicate defender.
When you're so good, you are raining.
I swear, sweet thing.
It's funny. That's why.
Open it back.
Open it back.
Get it off the house.
Get it off the house.
Get it off the house.
Get it off the house.
Get it off the house.
Get it off the house.
Get it off the house.
Get your hands up.
Cinco.
I gotta wash these eggs.
I told my head.
Get it off the house.
Get it off the house.
What are you, some kind of fairy?
Right now.
What do you know about being queer?
You're more on.
I've been right to not know the difference.
We're supposed to be talking about sports here.
This is sports video over here.
We love men.
From this point on, I don't care.
They get paid by the door.
I'm going to make something out of this great paper.
Understand?
Then maybe later I'll pull the link source and just out of my pants.
Okay?
Okay.
It's a joke. You're more on.
Oh no.
My esports are in my pants.
Oops.
Oops.
Oops.
Get a ball for me.
Oh.
Say hello.
Hello, darling.
Hello, darling.
How can I help you?
Well, you see what I mean?
Yeah.
I keep getting raped.
You all look into it right away.
Thanks a lot.
It's about time.
Some put it in.
Now, drop your pants.
I said drop your pants.
That's a more kindle.
It just something that don't while you're watching golf.
Like this.
Or in the, uh, I put it in your eye.
Like this.
Ah!
Oh, it's the noise of the noise of the door.
Oops.
And I look like I made me don't tie.
I keep getting pants on.
Now, ten wide.
You want to watch my show?
You doors are pulled.
Now, get over here.
Yeah, that's right.
Now, come here.
Now, get over there.
Come here.
Now, come here.
I'm up here.
Up there.
Over here.
Oh.
Do the pizza.
No.
I did not steal no pizza.
Do the pizza.
Now, see here.
I ain't no pie, birdlady.
Do the pizza.
I did not steal a pizza.
Oh, no.
You only have one slice.
Put your ankle into the glass door.
See if anybody's inside.
No.
Close it.
Close it.
I keep my bag.
Oh, I'm not in the baby.
Oh, you're a tough guy, huh?
Why I oughta be.
Oh, you're a tough guy.
Now, see here.
Oh, you're a tough guy.
All right, all right.
Yes, some like it.
Step aside.
I'm the little Pope.
See, I stand before you now.
Let me bless you, my son.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
The door.
Well, perhaps you all have gone or much.
I don't order my tutelage.
I don't want to look for that tutelage.
Shhh, I don't want you to.
It's over me.
It's not over me.
It's not over me.
I'll never bite me in the door.
It's not over me.
Of course, it's more important that I outlived you.
Why, I don't have you at all.
It's not over me.
I go home now.
Who on short?
Watch out for Mr. Wipples.
Wee.
Wee.
I'm laughing.
You're going to get more.
Yeah, I'm laughing.
Yeah, I'm laughing.
Yeah, I'm laughing.
I'm laughing.
I'm laughing.
I've got about it.
That's what I say.
I guess, my ass.
Yeah, Kushmer and Toshis.
It's 104 at 560 WDQ.
And I can't wait for the sit-in mojo to start across.
Don't go, don't go.
We've got 1041 votes.
We've got 1041.
41, by the way, being the number of the street,
41st street is Arthur Gaffey Road.
Am I right about that?
Am I maybe?
Yeah.
That's all right.
How do you like that?
You see the way things work?
That's the way the Lord works in mysterious ways.
Arthur Gaffey Road, right next to Adolf Hitler Avenue,
and right down the road from Heinrich Himmler Hospital.
Some of you people on the beach, baby,
you need mental health.
You're crazy people, but that's okay.
Director of National Intelligence, Mike McConnell,
is withdrawn his claim that Congress's recent authorization
of expanded electronic surveillance
had helped for a lot of terror plot in Germany.
According to Newsweek's Michael Lysikov,
and Mark Hosenball,
McConnell testified as Senator Jew Librement on Monday
that the new law helped facilitate the arrest
of three suspects believed to be planning massive car bombings
against American targets in Germany.
Intelligence officials quickly raised questions
about McConnell's testimony, indicating that the US military
had provided the information of the Germans ten months ago,
long before this new law was passed.
Democrats then challenge McConnell's statement
with how to judiciary chair John Conyer's requesting
clarification in House Intelligence Committee Chairman Sylvester Reyes
sending McConnell letter asking for public correction.
The letter read in part, while revising Pfizer
may provide a tool that could enhance future operations,
it was not in play in the Germany case.
In fact, Pfizer, which you repeatedly claim is outdated,
was precisely the tool that helped disrupt this plot.
McConnell is now issued a statement
adjusting his testimony and Democrats
who had already complained about being stamped
into passing the law just before the August recess,
are charging him with plain politics on behalf of the White House,
how unusual.
The surveillance law was passed on an emergency basis
and is due to expire after six months,
and McConnell's testimony had been seen as a strong argument
for its continued authorization,
while it helped him endure it too.
I do like that.
Like my late friend, Alan Finkelson said,
that's the biggest problem with a world baby,
too many goyem.
I think he had a good point.
Ten forty-six on the pool.
Now, Chirizo, see, I'm curious about that,
because I never knew that before.
See, you learned so much on the show every day.
By the way, Omberto is the weekend now
just a tropical storm.
You're worried about Omberto?
No, I'm not going anywhere near you guys, but...
I'd be real.
And they said that it kind of sneaked up on everybody,
but they kind of missed it, you know?
It just sneaked up a little bit.
Anyway, Chirizo, I thought was a specific kind of sausage.
Am I wrong about that?
Well, it's the Spanish word for sausage,
so usually when you hear the word Chirizo
being used, they're referring to Spanish sausage.
Yeah.
And what, and yeah, I never really stopped to think about that
before without any filth getting attached to this,
which I know is no worse than a jumpsuit in everybody's mind.
So what is the difference between, like, a Italian sausage
and German sausage and Spanish sausage?
Everyone has its own different particular specialty
with regards to the spices.
As you know, there's only a million different kinds of sausage.
Even within a country, for example,
there are many kinds of German sausages.
There are many kinds of sausages.
There are many kinds of sausage.
I understand.
It's rock-worst and rock-worst and it's sharp.
Exactly.
So rock, there are all variations on a theme,
but everyone's got their-
Very worst thing.
Yeah.
And I don't know what the active ingredients are
because I'm not a chef or anything like that,
but you'd have to ask...
Well, why not?
Because I'm not.
I'm just...
I am what I am.
Say, if I have to say the man,
I say.
I see.
Ethelol, baby, using South Florida.
Here's something big.
The exciting South Florida just got a bit greener
according to the hero, the U-gas station near the model of Americans in
Dave Tines to begin selling E85 fuel and Ethelon gasoline mixture for
Flex Fuel Vehicles today. It makes it the first service station in
South Florida offer E85 to the public. Flex Fuel Vehicles. Now what is
a Flex Fuel Vehicle? That means they're able to handle not just the
standard, but they can use this F at all E85 stuff. I see. I didn't even
know that. Well there you go. See Chris leave it to Chris. We got
somebody on this panel. He had no live over one head. Not like
people say. Ethelon is the future which shares its renewable energy and is the
correct thing to do is says Willie Urbietta, whose family owned company
Urbietta oil operates the U-gas at 210 northwest 79th. E85 is a mixture of
85% Ethelon and 15% gasoline. Why don't some people probably drink that?
That can be used in cars and trucks specially designed to run on the
renewable fuel. Though more widely available in the Midwest which produces
the corn it's simply made from in the US. E85 is still relatively rare in
Florida. To promote the fuel you gas will be offering E85 with a special
price of 85 cents a gallon. 79 this morning they did it and then Friday
again. 79 tomorrow morning. E85 normally fixes about 255 a gallon.
Of course if you don't have the right vehicle you can't you know stuff that
in there. What happens if you try to put that like in a regular car?
You have to give them the right. No. The local debut of E85 fuel was highlighted
during an E85 formula yesterday. FIU were a panel of experts stressed the need to
embrace ethanol alternative fuels in the face of dwindling fossil fuels
applies and geopolitical uncertainties like the price of oil is up for 79 bucks
in all time high of barrel because those the rag heads are like ripping off the
public again. They must be they must be a little short on their wardrobe you know.
Like me that's my problem I can't afford the new wardrobe.
General Motors which helped organize the FIU have had an S14 vehicles
among its 2007 lineup that can run on E85 fuel is providing marketing to help
you gas and other service stations around the country to encourage the foray into
E85. Maybe that could be the new end for that A50 station Steve Laplestation
on the A and Biola keeps failing and failing and failing and Jim DeFese is
going over there too I guess in December E85 and you know why that name would be
appropriate what because when people hear anything coming from that station they go
E like that E85. I don't know if I've ever had five years old if there was a
toy. GN is mailing cars to the owners of some 11,000 plus GN Flex fuel vehicles
all over South Florida. Let them know that you gas now has the alternative fuel that's
a 210 Northwest 79th. But the other Giants key role has been to act as a
matchmaker bringing together parties that can help knit an infrastructure to
distribute E85 fuel to retailers on a broader basis.
Rearbie said it's costing this company roughly 50 grand to retrofit the UGAST
station to sell E85 fuel including changing the hoses, nozzles, bells and
meters. Or it's a bitch when you got to change your hose and nozzles.
You know what? It likes to change mine. By the end of 2018 expects to sell
E85 fuel to 12 of its firm South Florida stations selecting stations
locations near major thoroughfares and zip codes where residents have a number of
Flex vehicles. Makes sense to me. Were small family owned business and were very
aggressive he said. Mary Beth Stannick, director of environment and energy at
GM said the arrival of E85 in South Florida marks an important beginning for the
region. With the E85 coming to South Florida it's a chance to take one of the largest
fuel consuming states and start to reduce gasoline consumption and lower greenhouse
gases said Stannick was spoken yesterday's forum.
George Philip P. Davis, director of the Center for Energy and Technology for the
Merckers and FIU's applied research center said that all the corn produced in the
S. were turned in the U.S. were turned into ethanol. It would replace only 12% of the
U.S. gasoline now used. As an enormous challenge we face to move from a world of
hydrocarbons to a world of renewable fuel said Edward Glam, executive director of
Nightrider Center for Excellence in Management at FIU. Isn't that who the
Hurricanes are playing as FIU aren't they? Correct. Oh my god. What is that all
about? Is it like a joke? It's a tune up. Well I'm right. They're going to play like,
yeah, I like to tune up the first week when they played Marshall High School from a
Marshall Michigan and then they got Wallet Bioclumb of 51 to 13. Now they're
going to play FIU which with all the respect to them. I mean what's that all
about and then who are they going to play next week? Texas A. I believe. Oh my
god. Wow. I see the ugly quarterback is going to start this week. Okay.
That's what I'm seeing and then what's his name? Cal, right? Oh my god. He is
usually. I mean I'm ugly but Jesus I'm not I'm not about to try to be like a big
joke you know like Brady Quinn or Tom Brady those guys.
Thousand fifty one votes on the pool which isn't bad and we sold out that thing. I
think we ought to be pretty pleased aren't you? Yes. With the developments say,
why isn't George saying anything is he passing by? Oh I know what. Well I don't know
what he covered because he's in Chris is getting the whole conversation you're
now about whatever. What are you talking about? E85. Why not? E85. That's also E85. There's
only fifteen that regular cars can use. Well what is that? Whereas the E85 is 85%
ethanol, 15% gas. Are you sure you're not about to do that? I'm sure you're
guessing. But I heard a story about it today so. That was
not good. I must explain it. One thirteen a Q. A. M. Biggest name. The best town. He
worked his new projects. Four twenty-five sixty Q. A. M. The sports leader. Floridians
done as dirt. Not only are we forming in the North Atlantic Tomharkin. We're going to
say Lucia and Martin E. and the last time I tell you I'm a Caribbean thing. I'm like
a human. That's a huge question. That's a huge question. That's a huge question.
One eighteen. Well as the camera angle you know it was the microphone and they made
them look like a monkey in the Navy. So you said, Oh we're sorry. We apologize. But
you're done how we Dean. You're finished now. Remember that. And of course the rest
of the mail you're like, Oh well we didn't know anything about that. You know the
voters rejected how he is a screamer. And I think the public took yesterday
indicates very clearly that the public is not going to like to scream or as
present my right about that for sure how we do not pull we don't have anything to
shoot for it's kind of bad the change got a lot to shoot for shoot at 1057 I
don't know I guess we got a shot at 1100 Chris what do you think you want to
go to what you're going for it yeah mine or as well reaching out gonna grab the
golden ring stick it on your thing 1057 on the pole so we still have nothing
from Charlie B I don't have an email but now that's possible stop and think
about this now I'm likely though I mean this isn't the time when people start
going on vacation maybe Charlie B is Jewish maybe he's orthodox I doubted maybe
I don't have any email from him no like I said before what nope in no facts
nope and Sean Sean and Hollywood right what for a while there was trying to catch
up with Charlie B it was jealous because Sean used to be our our main man on the
pool of business and then Charlie B came along we're sending like 600 a day of
men and Sean got a little bit p.o.d about that he didn't want to be upstage and
so he started making a comeback now they both disappeared that's okay we'll do
our ethnic conservative one and like I said Monday when you come in what oh
I just made it sound like I was gonna be doing the show don't don't you think I'm
seriously contemplating my life don't don't I hope they are based on the things
that I've said to you both on and off the air more right off the air don't you
think I'm contemplating many things I'm glad you are I'm really glad I'm not
in mean I I think that you've maybe made some bad choices lately but that's
that's your business for what it's worth it's none of my business it's just my
opinion that that you could be making some better choices lately I see I see I
think I'm gonna make him bad choices for years that's your opinion that's my
opinion yeah not necessarily like this this is a completely different
answer in a different category sure this is a you know one step beyond yeah well
that's about how I feel right now like one step beyond the ground but I'm not
gonna go back like like during the early part of the year I guess it was the
ass end of last year December when I got my introduction to my space the
thing Miguel isn't around anymore because I I had somebody to come down there
and my anger across the street you should prep on man like Miguel but he you
know he's the one that served that whole my space but you can't blame him for
that because he didn't even you know he was
administrating the whole thing it was just a fan site of promotional vehicle
right that's what it was supposed to be yeah I know right and then I got into
it and you got into it and you know you got nobody to blame but yourself as
far as that goes well what does that mean blame for everything that everything
that happened that you did has nothing to do with anyone except for you you
didn't have to contact any of these people you didn't have to you know have any
and what about my good friend the professor I made a very good friend there
right he did right right yeah right well what does that mean he made to the
state made some mistakes we all do in the beginning yeah well what what I know
from these things from my space the mistakes that you have made and hail by
comparison to the mistakes that I have made oh then no question about that right
so it's not like I'm judging you and I think so I assume that your paycheck
pales into one significance compared to mine too is a very similar that's
the truth I see are you trying to make me cry or something you're not involved in
this mister you're a Johnny come lately okay you ought to be glad that we
dignified a glad we dignified you with a response long head long head good
polo that's right it's Brandon's both good job on a polar Chris 1060
we might just make the 1100 I think I think maybe tomorrow George will work
maybe I'll call in sicker something tomorrow no and I'll take care of all family
business and it'll take me well I don't know a couple of months British Army
deploys new weapon based on mass killing technology that's the beauty of war
that's the beauty of life that's the beauty of all these things that we're
watching going on all over the world because the news media tells you that
these people are just all these bodies are just statistics that's the main
thing it's going on right now kielsel people right and do it as effectively as
possible kielsel people not likely killed like money python says but heavily
killed a new super weapon being supplied over the shoulders in Afghanistan
employees technology based on thermo barrack principle which uses heat and
pressure to kill people targeted across the wide area vice a white is that
correct I think it's a area well that's roster for you people targeted
across a wide area by sucking the air out of lungs and rupturing internal
organs is that lovely sucking the air out of their lungs and rupturing their
internal organ kielsel people right the so-called enhanced blast weapon uses
similar technology used in the west bunker busting bombs and the devastating bombs
dropped by the Russians to destroy the Chechen capital of Bosnia such weapons
are brutally affected because they first disperse a gas or chemical agent
which is lit at a second stage allowing the blast to fill the spaces of a
building or the crevices of a cave when the US military deployed a version of
these weapons in 2005 defense tech wrote an article titled Marines quiet about
brutal new weapon brutal according to the West defense intelligence agency which
released a study on thermo barrack weapons in 93 the blast killed mechanism
against living targets is unique and unpleasant what kills is the pressure wave
and more importantly the subsequent refraction or vacuum which ruptures the lungs
if the fuel deflagrates what the hell is that deflagrates what what is that
mean here for what any of these words are but you can't say it's too of a
no I think we're going back to that again if the fuel whatever that word does but
doesn't detonate victims will be severely burned and probably also inhale the
burning fuel it burns since the most common FAE fuels
ethylene oxide and propylene oxide are highly toxic undenated FAE should prove
as lethal to personnel caught within the cloud as most chemical agents a
second the IA study said shock and pressure waves cause minimal damage to
brain tissue it's possible the victims of a FAE's are not rendered unconscious
by the blast but instead suffer for several seconds or minutes while they
suffocate nice very nice the effective in FAE explosion within confines
bases is immense to the CIA state of the weapons those near the ignition point
are obliterated those at the fringe are likely to suffer many internal
unless invisible injuries including burst eardrums and crushed inner
ear organs severe concussions ruptured lungs internal organs and possibly
blindness all of these things British defense officials told the UK
Guardian the British bombs were different
they're optimized to create blast rather than heat one since speaking on
the standard condition of anonymity in Britain official added that it would be
misleading to call them thermobaric just barbaric how's that barbaric
sure official told the Guardian the new weapon was classified as a soldier
launched light anti-structordination and that bombs would be more effective
because even when they hit the damage is limited to a confined area the
continuing issue of civilian casualties in Afghanistan has enormous
importance in the battle for hearts and minds said liberal democratically
or sermenzies Campbell in the article if these weapons continue to the death
of civilians than a primary purpose of the British deployment is going to be
made yet more difficult according to Campbell deployment of the weapons
was even announced to problem they just stuck them in there baby
just yank out their lungs and pull out their guts and twist and turn stuff like
that and I don't know why they're pissed off at us are like that you know like
the Iraqi civilians just because there's hundreds of thousands of people there's
no electric and water and stuff like that and they're not making any money from
the oil and they can't those things what are they pissed off of us about
Jordy Mitchell the death no 10 63 on a pull we're ancient toward that 1100 mark
and then I'm going to tell you something if we can do that on Russia's
on a 1100 votes on the pool and sell out in record time on our 50 50 dealer
whatever the hell we call that now that's to go to 50 what do we call it
Niels deals Niels deals excuse me well sorry to guys last person in the world
we want to emulate you know your old man every number go
the best out
you know what I'm sorry
I'm 60 QAM the sports leader
Howard David's a bitch don't miss back to the grind
the show that takes TV actors and puts them in the real jobs they did on their shows
tonight James Gandalfini played not boss Tony soprano but does he have what it
tastes are really whack someone hey excuse me are you a
Djiboruti who wants to freaking know I wait your James Gandalfini
don't even soprano know where I love you show what are you doing
I got a message for you oh what are you doing you holding the gun the wrong way
but then I am I just have to try again
oh yeah I got one question for you if you die in the last episode of what looks like
James does have what it takes then I'm back to the grind Henry Winkler happy days
sparse it joins our real motorcycle game
hey that'll do just punch the jukebox
yeah it's all on the next back to the grind on TV land
how's it going a 132 at 560 WQM Mandel coming up at 2 o'clock then don't forget we
got the power hour hank in the mad dog together between 4 and 5 and then hank from 5 to 6
I don't understand that why is he only on for an hour out of the I mean it's
sundown is the end of Russian show no
was Russia show is like two days no it's like a month oh Russian
time I think Ramadan are you starting again with that crap I forgot to play
rambunct yeah hey don't forget play rambunct
I mean what is that all about I don't know anyway we got dolphins all
classes we got lots of dolphin crap tonight is what we got then hurry can't
hotline at the rants go that should be pleasant from 7 to 9 to 9 oh well I'm
actually the beast is on that isn't it no idea so the beast 4 to 7 or he's just
doing updates well for Miami-Dade police officers you know I just did the
worst thing I've ever done in my life really I said Miami-Dade I've never
never to do more date County police officers were shortly this morning when
they stopped them and driving erratically through a south-west Dade County
neighborhood CNN was just all over this life stink on 5 Joe scores of
police and law enforcement helicopters rapidly began scouring this suburban
neighborhood for a suspect as local streets nearby highway exits were
shut down a friend is escaped as much as schools locked down to by the way
Dade commander Linda O'Brien said office is working on a burga-re-detail
spot of the suspicious car and in the parent and the apartment complex at
2.80th Street and 143rd Court a little after 11 o'clock this morning the man
inside stepped out of the car open fire on the officers striking four and then
fled police are looking for a suspect named Kevin Wiener or ZWiener W.E.H.N.E.R.
how would you say that 30 black male no other description immediately available
all they just showed this picture there on CNN one seriously wounded officer was
airlifted to writer trauma unit Jackson Memorial tour transported by Dave
Farrow rescue one of the wounded was a female officer whose leg was shattered
by a bullet a fourth officer suffered superficial wounds was treated at the
scene a car believed to be that of the shooter its windshield shattered was found
abandoned along a fence lining the back of a canal of southwest hundred
twenty ninth Avenue and two hundred thirds street and cutler Bay the AK-47 was
recovered beneath the car but the fugitive is believed to be still armed and
may be wearing a bulletproof vest law more for enforcement helicopters
covered over nearby wooded area bordering the canal scores a police
cars and on foot scour the neighboring neighborhood of the shooting police
also set up a security perimeter around the neighborhood of southwest one
twenty seventh Avenue between two hundred and two oh eighth streets offices wearing
combat helmets and fatigue sitting on the Trump's police cars are patrolling
the neighborhood initially after the shooting every exit of the turnpike
extension in South Dave South of southwest one fifty second street north
bomb lanes have since been open but south bomb lanes are main shut down and
traffic is at a standstill twelve twenty this afternoon aerial footage broadcast
by channel four showed a swatting surrounding a house on southwest one
twenty and two oh third street heavily armed officers into the house and then
left
how do you like that crazy people with guns baby crazy people were in bulletproof
vest that's generally a pretty good sign you know what some do this wanderer
around is got a bulletproof vest that probably means he's up to know when you
think I'm adding ten seventy three on that pool being steriles only got five
votes I mean it's just you know that's part of nature none you can do about
that's like being ugly right right when you say if you don't hold it against
somebody for being ugly just because nature made a mug with all like to be like
beautiful you shouldn't hold it against them but we do anyway yeah we do
do we Christmas yeah very nice
yeah I'm I'm taking your all-family business today and now I'll give you a
report tomorrow before the show and maybe on the air maybe I'll do the whole show
on your call 53 pit bulls bread for fighting at Surrey County Virginia are
staring at euthanasia 17 dog carcasses been recovered there I've
been to the destroy the beginning of the week on Monday and I keep putting it
down in my pile I don't know why six to weight of those dead dogs were like
recuted or drowned with the property owners assistance and thanks to the
celebrity of the landowner admitted ringleader of the criminal and cruel dog
fighting operation NFL star quarterback Michael Vick at least three new bills
to strengthen federal laws against such despicable deeds have been introduced in
the senate and a house since the horrific story began to be illuminated four
months ago there was a time when we saw that Vick would revolutionize his
position in pro football with his unique athleticism it's turning out that
his longest lasting legacy will be accidental but far more important bringing
political pressure to bear upon a most repulsive pastime Vick isn't the first
person busted for the heinous illegal activity of dog fighting which is a
felony in 48 states except Idaho and vice president Cheney's Wyoming just
three years ago at Charleston County South Carolina resident named David Tantt was
put away for 40 years 40 pitfalls were bulls were found on Tantt's line after
state surveyor trip to booby trapped shotgun there and was shot in 2003 the
Federalist of the so-called Al component dog fighting guy named James
Frickie only of New York after 18 dogs treadmills for training them a fighting
ring at an electrocution chamber or found on this property got two to seven
years but how many of us even ever heard of them the silver lining of the
Vick case is it's certainly raised awareness about dog fighting cruelty the
animals said the Daphna somebody rather with 80 letters new last name
director of pita hmm your favorite organization to be sure Michael
Marcarian president of the main society legislative fund noted that since
the Vick case broke the main society's within 200 witness 215 thousand new
registrations to its website roughly a 20% increase pita as you obtain a
ticket donations don't not enough to cover our expenses they said send them
to George sent people some no come on now I got a campaign I want to start
though called it a pita person instead of both executive said they've seen an
increase in the number of tips received about dog fighting a kind of more dog
fighting busts across the country among the estimated 40 thousand people
around the Crone Lovance politicians who haven't been as warm animal animal
warfare welfare issues are feeling heat how come I can't read this story I
don't know as Vick entered a guillotine to the obvious 27th and federal court
in Richmond Virginia dozens of protesters from the main society march in
front of the Liberty Missouri office as a representative Sam Graves he was just
one of 39 lawmakers to vote against the bill last March the stiffened penalties
for dog fighting three weeks earlier in Bristol Tennessee protesters assembled
outside Republican representative David Davis's biggest fundraiser of the
year at Bristol motor speedway carrying placards that read David Davis's
vote is a dog gone shame that clever Davis was another of the 39 legislators
of what it against increased penalties for illegal transportation of
fighting dogs Davis was the only member of the Tennessee congressional
delegation to vote against the bill president borscht on the new animal fighting
prohibition enforcement act fortunately for Michael Vick and his cohorts the
enactment came just after they were indicted the three men would have been
subjected to a three year federal prison terms for the federal charges in
their indictment rather than just one year fewer people should be able to run
or hide from dog fighting now that the vacations come to light translating the
back pages of local newspapers were such stories in the past and then
relegated quickly disappeared there are joint proposals from senator john
carry and represented Betty Hutton of Ohio they will make it a felony to engage
dog fighting possessed dogs for fighting or be a spectator at a dog fight
but it would put a lot of it so I guess it's supposed to be grateful to Michael
but probably the dead dogs aren't grateful but we're supposed to be grateful
thank you Michael for doing a wonderful job of fitting a big big spotlight on
your grotesque unacceptable and barbaric behavior 10 77 on the full-worldly
23 away from 1100 we got 20 minutes to do it I think Chris is gonna shock the
shock the free world today yeah when we get to 1100 20 till 2 a Q a.m. career in
shaving cream so I left it on my face when I went to work I looked like a jerk and
I was fired in the spring driving home I was all alone thinking someone's
playing tricks on me but in the rear view mirror I could see Jesus staring back at me
I saw Jesus on the stick of all the fog I saw his own my path up goes through and I see
him in my car all my friends they go nuts and the red thing called I saw
the big one I saw him on the side of the top go in the hook and on my car I saw him in a
full-worldly stick in the side of the sluggish car I saw him on the stick of all the fog
everybody I saw Jesus on the stick of all the fog I saw him on my path up goes through
and I see him in my car all my friends they go nuts down with the red thing called I saw Jesus
on the stick of all the fog they look very easy again
I'm not aware of just being wanted for anything or any specific concern of
the
right now to local hospital and the suspect this man Kevin Wainer blackmail 30 years old is on
the loose considered to be armed and dangerous apparently officers on a burglary surveillance
detail saw a vehicle driving radically they attempted to stop that car the subject got out
and started shooting at the officers and drove off the mayor saying they believe he fled in a white
vehicle that's all they know at this point but they were able to recover his other car plus
his weapon so now four officers shot there in Miami-Dade Kevin Wainer blackmail 30 years old the
suspect on the loose police looking for him right now well there you go 1083 on a pull we need
17 votes for 1100 is a crazy people would continue like shooting each other and that's the
number one hobby in the world of killing some people and that seemed to be that's what the
pattern seems to be yeah no it seems to be been going on a long time but in vogue who are we to
say you know crazy people with guns that's the American way don't be messing with their guns baby
everybody's gonna have an AK 47 at least one every household in fact I think that maybe Fred Thompson
could make that the centerpiece of his whole campaign every household gets a free AK 47 if we put
Fred in there don't you think that'll be so law law and order a constitution lawyer who served
in Ronald Reagan's administration says president bushes apparently criminal authorization of a
warrantless wiretapping program is grounds for the house to begin an impeachment inquiry
by not beginning such an investigation impeachment will become a virtual dead letter Bruce fine
former deputy general attorney general under Reagan said in essay published in slate oh where fine
fine is emerged as a fierce critic of Bush's administration and as previously called for the
president and vice president dig change to be impeached to which we say oh rally lewia the
house does not require nor should it await proof beyond a reasonable doubt of misconduct fine wrote
the essay published Friday to wait for such proofs and births the whole purpose of an impeachment inquiry
ample grounds for an impeachment inquiry lie in the president's shady justification for his
terrorist surveillance program which finds as suburb of the checks on law enforcement powers
inherent within the constitution and foreign intelligence surveillance act the president's
apparently criminal spine continued until at least January 2007 are more than five years after
when attorney general albert of Gonzalez declared that Pfizer warns whose nature remains classified
will replace the tsp fine roads attorney general maintained however that Bush continued to be crowned
with article two powers to ignore the warrant requirement and do so secretly whenever he wished
an impeachment inquiry should demand the president's legal justification of the program fine rights
although he maintains that such an inquiry would not necessarily end with the president's
outstair from office he noted Abraham Lincoln suspension of habeas corporate protection during
the civil war as an instance in which the national interest justified suspension of civil liberties
fine previously urged the Senate to censure Bush over the spy program and his latest essay
finds his impeachment hearings are necessary for congress to prevent its oversight muscles from
afterfying if what Bush has said and done fall short of warranting an impeachment inquiry
then impeachment of the president has become a virtual dead letter he said in other words if he
if he don't deserve it then who the hell could unless of course we find a blue dress with a stain
and then of course I'm being and then we go h-mit am I right yeah if you must
well I can't wait for Jim DeFese to return to their waves can you me either boy I've been counting
the days off I'm at a 50 see if you check out that Bob Norman thing that blog you'll find out that
this is another one of people that he's like in bed with well I must be getting pretty crowded
in there how do you like to be in bed with a two thousand pound guy let's be an awfully big bed
and so these people it's like a little circle group you know I mean they just keep group group
flag salating each other no everybody's waiting for Bob Jim DeFese to get back on here
sure they are Bob I read those comments they read them on the areas today
he's worse than a gigantic wound right in the middle of your solar plexus
1088 on the pool boy we got a real challenge here we've got eight minutes to make a lot more votes
what do you think Chris? 8,700 huh yeah we'll do it
what's the most emasculating thing for a guy maybe if I read the poll result I'd like
push it up a little bit having a girl tell your family or friends that your size is an adequate
329 bitch being impotent 158 here having your Rogers kick your ass 138
carrying your girlfriend or wife's purse 98 having a girl kick your ass 96 being raped by a guy
spending a day along with your mother-in-law of 26 being seen crying 18 I guess depends on who's
easier and what you're crying about and being sterile still only five they're not going to blame
on you and we still need 11 more votes 12 12 more votes I don't think you're going to do it Chris
did I fake you out there no I all freaked out by the way Ramadan oh I forgot to play it but maybe
you
You're the man!
Boop, boop, boop, boop.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop!
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop!
You fair.
I played for the paint, blue dead, blue peeks in USA.
Love and the gentle taste that you must have.
In the sky.
On your next night.
I want you to die today.
I'm on my not a rubber, I'm on my rubber, I'm on my diamond.
And I just proud of me.
I'm on my not a rubber, I'm on my diamond.
I find a gravelessly.
With no reason for you to die.
Boop, boop, boop, ro 'd dance.
Ro 's done.
Ro 's done.
Ro 's done.
Boop, boop, boop!
I want you to share the dragon, Ro 's done.
And I'm on my not a rubber, I'm on my diamond.
I love it before I wrote those feet.
Ro 's done.
And I'm on my diamond.
Ro 's done.
And I'm on my diamond.
And I'm on my not a rubber, I'm on my diamond.
VALP VALVER
Vo Vo Baby Vala
VVO VAL Excellent
VVaava VALVER VAL journalists
Sports Radio 560 WQAM
Miami
Born Lutterdale
I'm not gonna lie down with some Fred Boyd bastard with his damn TV Los Sandals and his
Skow bandage and his Havocromy and Fitz Longsleeve open stitch crew neck Henley smoking
his sticky butt out of a soda can while watching his favorite downloaded Simpson's episodes
every night.
