Oh!
You'll go in a T.A. Y. S. C. K. S.
Absolutely.
And on the call still dead by the way. She's not looking good.
We sing to you out, cause you look like a freak.
We've eyes that fall out and the nose like a bee.
Absolutely.
Don't want any viewers to know what you want at the end of the show.
Cause you're a dorky and you're fat.
You wanna live, this is your big chance.
But everyone laughs and you're gigantic pants.
Say your voice is a total train wreck.
And then we make fun of your routine facts.
Laughing at you is kinda sad.
Cause you have a bad face, you're a little bit slow.
Weird as like you make it's the number one show.
Brandy has a blind tear, so I'm in this room, please.
It's more of a life, you need drive, fallin' and drink.
You have a bad face, the camera don't lie.
You're on a freak show called a barricade idol.
You have a bad face, you have a bad face.
Yes, I do have a bad face and a bad body too, how's that go?
Well, I'm not sounding too good, George. I think we're gonna put those tapes on.
Yeah. We'll crank one up.
But you never know how you're gonna sound when you got the cold, you know, and the scratch easier.
I don't feel that bad. In fact, not all I've stopped up. Not really bad.
The edification wasn't all that great and I learned some real good lessons on this vacation.
Don't go alone again, don't go flying off to Europe alone when you're an old fart.
Back when I was a young punk, then I could, it didn't bother me all that much.
But first many, many times I went over there, I was alone, you know.
But now take a bunch of buds with you.
Sure, well that's followed anyway.
Travel to pack.
Yeah.
I think I'm gonna put my head down on the counter, go back to sleep.
Oh, don't do that.
I really feel like it. I just, you know, not a bad. I haven't had a cold in years.
And it's colder now, which is earlobe here, man. It is just for reasing.
And it wasn't too bad over there.
What to Berlin, by the way.
Wonderful Zidia had several delicious bratwurst.
And I know you're probably, you know, country of all kinds of things in your mind about that.
That may be. Most of them accurate, of course.
But, you know, it just, I just was getting bored.
So I came back four days earlier, I came back Wednesday.
Also, you could have taken over.
I beg your pardon?
Yeah, take it over.
My nose is so red.
I'm lying with suggesting, oh, since you're back, you know, go on a radio.
To which I say, no chance. That's funny.
Yeah.
My good buddy.
They just don't know.
No.
So it probably would have been more profitable to just go on a radio because I went to woodbine on Tuesday, Friday, Saturday.
Monday, Wednesday.
Well, that's right. Just like, whatever name was, Apollonia.
See, I'm a little off my feet.
I can't even come up with Apollonia.
But nevertheless, I'll be fine.
And Berlin is, you know, it's a great city.
Really, as the food was good.
It just got really boring, you know, going someplace all by yourself and you sit around and you get depressed and you start thinking, oh, geez, I mean, you start thinking, I have no right.
Yeah, like that.
I would say for the first time in my life, you know, I always make fun of other people and especially our collars and a lot of the groupies we got out there.
I have no right.
Yeah, how many years have we been playing that?
And where did that come from, by the way?
That's some guy who was on us.
Yeah.
Well, you're pretty awful while you're busy challenging some crap there.
I think that's what I'm thinking.
From home.
It was not a good idea right before coming on here.
What up?
Because it's one of those things that if you've got a scratchy throat, it just makes it more scratchy.
It attacks your vocal cords or whatever.
It's a good place to eat.
I don't want no ice tea or nice tea or green tea.
It's hot tea.
Oh, fat.
Hot tea, hot tea.
How about putting some honey in it, huh?
That sounds really good.
Either some hot water with some honey.
Grab my junior honey.
Is real soothing with some lemon would be good.
Okay, let's stop with the food.
Now, what are you eating?
How is it again?
There you are with.
Before the show, George, you know, I could really use it would be good.
And I got nowhere to get there right now.
But is really soothing when you got a cold and the whole thing would be some soup.
Yeah, all the soup pops through.
Well, you mentioned that before the show.
I was so excited about that because I love good soup.
So good.
And I'm going to eat the little oia clog your arteries because it's real heavy duty, you know?
Lobster, biscuit, nice, chunks of fresh lobster.
Oh, good God.
I think it helps.
I'll mail this to the same person.
I'm going to stick in a couple of times in Berlin.
Mm.
All like that.
I don't know.
Maybe I'm just getting old.
You think that's possible?
Now, let me just pass one thing along to all of you whiffer snappers out there.
This is important.
Not so much to the young punks, but people who are getting old like me.
What the whipper.
I don't know where the hell that came from.
It's another stupid expression.
It's like, you know, two shakes of a lamb's tail.
Hey, all you whipper snappers.
How the hell do I know what that is?
It's just a stupid something like Gabby Hayes would say, you know?
But this whole idea of retirement.
Don't do it.
Even my camp guy, he says, no, don't do it.
Do not do it.
Don't retire early.
Just work until you're croaked.
Okay.
Because, you know, you'll do some things for a while.
I mean, for me, traveling.
How much more traveling can I do anywhere, right?
Well, you haven't come to Prague yet.
Well, my travel advisor tells me Prague ain't exactly all right.
It's okay.
Budapest sounds pretty good.
Okay.
But I mean, so let's say I went to Prague and Budapest this summer.
I wanted my 85 vacations.
Okay.
We'll get that out of the way.
How many more places?
I hear Sorrento is really beautiful in Italian.
Yeah, yeah.
I would like to see more of Italy.
More of the scenic places, you know?
Mm-hmm.
I'd like to go to Sitsia.
I'd like to go to Pellermo and Colione.
I would really like to make that walk.
Remember he was walking with Fabrizio?
That is right.
That is the Fabrizio.
Was it the other one?
I thought both of them were with him.
Were they both with him?
How do you want to Fabrizio with the shotguns over their shoulder?
Yeah, that's right.
With the shotguns over their shoulders.
Mm-hmm.
And they were walking up the hills of Colione.
And then there was a Voss's name again.
Now let's see how sharp I am.
The shopkeeper, Vapalonia's daddy, Camicamo Vittelli.
Very good.
Oh, are you going to start with a Godfather again?
You started it.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
This fax is sensational.
By the way, is Eric in his room?
Yes, he is in his box.
Is he in his little box?
Eric, it's my bad.
I already got a my-space email about it.
Sorry, but we put Oscar.
See, the original pull, and I thank whoever said the pullin.
Oh, it was our buddy, Yashan, who is really gay and tense with these pulls.
Oh, here's a guy I like a lot.
There's Lucy in it.
What's with Lucy in it?
And the weather guys.
What's this guy's name?
Not on them.
Man, he is as cute as a bug in a rug.
Oh, that sounds so gay.
Rijie Aki.
Yeah, that's where I want to be.
Aki.
Wherever he is, Aki and I.
Yeah, he's a real cutie pie.
That's terrible.
You can't say that.
Well, I just did.
He's sweet.
I would put him right here on the countertop, right in the middle of the show.
He would, my sore throat, and the whole deal.
You'd be amazed what I could accomplish.
Now, what was I just going to say about Oscar Wilde?
Yeah.
He's got to go off the pull.
Well, see, I'm leading the pack by so much on their favorite gay, see we said living.
And originally, Yashan's pulled in, say, living.
So I put living in there.
And I didn't double check.
Has Oscar Wilde got any votes?
Or did he already take him off of there?
Where the hell is he?
No.
I think he took him off.
Yeah, we took it off.
How'd you do that that fast?
Magic, just like that.
Now, are you on CNN?
No.
Are you guys on CNN?
What was he?
What was he?
What was he?
What was he?
I want you to go there.
That is Parker.
And his ear muffs?
Yeah, we'll take off the muffs and the Parker and the pants.
So you'll go to Mexico to see him?
No, we'll not go to Mexico.
Oh, he's in Mexico, New York.
It's still Mexico.
Look at that.
They got like tenty people there.
And we have no snow here in Toronto.
And no, no.
Ghiblets are probably his reasons.
Well, maybe I can warm him up a little bit.
In my...
A Parker wave.
A neighborhood wave.
When you stop.
Yeah, I saw him yesterday.
He's a...
That's a new deal.
There's two weather guys.
First, we had Rob Marciano.
We're here that much.
See if I talk the whole four hours today,
I won't be able to be on tomorrow, which is good.
Let me back come back from vacation and be out sick.
That'd be horrible.
And not the full bus.
You were on the...
You were on the...
Joyster.
Why you were thinking like that?
I didn't enjoy.
It was, I didn't.
He was saying how great the tapes were last week.
He's in real clowns.
Best week ever for tapes.
This back says,
and I haven't even gotten even close to today's pool yet,
but it's the most amusing.
It says,
Welcome back, Uncle Daniel.
I think you overlooked your old buddy,
Miss Jack Corkeye, more for the pool.
Thanks, Pally.
Ha ha ha ha.
Our Gays.
How about you, Parton?
You have the star.
The star.
The star.
Gays.
Zer.
Yeah, let's go star.
Gays.
Zin with the Miss Horkheimer.
I don't think he's out of the closet officially.
Is he?
I'm gonna show he isn't.
He has been for years.
Hey, listen, you're not full of nobody, Jack.
Boy, she must be getting pretty old too now.
Miss Horkheimer.
That's a real old lady.
Well, get around there.
Okay, they don't all know Miss Horkheimer.
Who about Peter Clayton isn't still alive?
Who?
Remember, I told you about him at restaurant,
critic, he died a long years and years ago.
Never heard of it.
He really knew his craft.
I told you stories about him.
I told him that he was a Bill Culver show,
and I stuck around.
I was laughing so hard that I actually wound up,
huh?
Did you put lots of hard you wound up having to spit off
against the wall?
I was shaking.
I was laughing so hard.
I actually peed my pants.
It's true story.
I'll tell you off the air while.
Okay.
I'll tell you why.
I can't, I cannot tell you what I'm hearing.
Do I still have a nervous breakdown?
More good news from Iraq.
I'll end up, uh, Barak speaking of Iraq.
Barak was on last night at 60 minutes.
He's all over the place now.
He is the man he is.
Yes he is.
If there is anybody who doubts Barak Obama's demand,
you're an idiot.
I'll tell you that right now.
He is the man.
Well, I like him.
I just don't think he could win.
Well, I think you're full of duty.
How do you like that?
How do you do it?
I'm not sure.
I think you're full of crap.
Obama's still at least 80 people in Iraq.
Fundal risk explosions and dense black smokes were
hopefully set her up back there today.
Well, at least two car bombs,
do it.
One parked underground garage,
tore it through every side of the way.
Did not win.
I had not one winning day.
It would buy it out of four.
Twice I broke even.
And it wasn't a major disaster.
I didn't lose the gigantic amount of cash.
But it was.
But I'm glad I came back early because I was bored to death.
Anyway, this is a two-bomb.
It was tore through a crowded market place,
setting off dozens of secondary explosions,
killing at least 71 people.
Another bombing nearby killed at least nine.
So it's over 80.
And the day is, you know,
well, it's late in the day over there.
See, I got this scratchy throat.
And if I'm going to read the whole four hours,
I'm never going to make it back tomorrow.
I'm going to just tell you that right now.
Oh, boy.
What?
Nothing.
Well, I haven't had a cool in years.
And I haven't had a missed one day's sick in years.
A sick, legitimately sick.
I'm not talking about that emotional day.
I had that one day.
Remember that?
Yeah.
That was embarrassing.
That was bad.
Even you would agree with that.
Whatever.
Well, listen, I'm a title having nervous breakdowns.
Every few days.
Not anymore, though.
No more nervous breakdowns for this old girl.
I'll tell you that right now.
Anyway, we'll get to the days pool.
And you're a pool.
And everybody's pool.
We'll get to all the pools.
Where's that weather guy I gave you, Chris?
No.
How's Chris doing with the weight?
We probably not doing that well.
I haven't waited lately.
Sitting in there eating all that free food.
You have a scalpel here,
which will probably keep it chart like we were doing for the meat.
And I mean, they're still alive.
Like the publics were going to hang like a gigantic heifer on the side of beef.
Well, he's not responding, so I've been waiting for the opening.
In the last two weeks, I've gone down three pounds.
Well, what's wrong with that?
Who said there was some moment?
Right.
I'll take that.
And Josh Cordis is upset because his flavor wave thing crept on him.
Yes.
He sent a caustic, a nice to jump out on our my space.
What do you want me to do?
I guess he was sitting around that maybe I should buy him a new one.
I do that.
Well, they have a site.
They have replacement parts.
But, uh, because you got to know what the part is.
That's a kind of element.
Well, you listen to me.
All right.
Because I'm saying, I will say to this, I am legendary.
I might be the nicest person in the world.
Just ask me, I'll tell you.
Sure.
You know how Keith Overman does the worst person in the world every night on countdown.
And it's usually Miss O'Reilly.
But I could be the nicest person.
And if you'll believe me, I'll tell you, yes, I have an ex-ariumio.
I am the best person on the face of the globe.
Yes, I am.
So you know what?
I'm pretty nice.
And if you want to be nice, let's face it.
Men just don't understand women.
They're a total mystery, especially this time of year Valentine's Day.
It's only two days away.
Yeah.
Tonight on Headline News, Nancy Grace interviews the notorious love bandit, Cupid, one on one.
Sure, you look innocent, the dapper, those cute little wings.
But I believe you are pure angel.
Nancy Grace asks the tough questions.
Who are you to say, who should fall in love and who shouldn't?
I don't make people fall in love.
I prefer to take your love.
I use in the word facilitate to cheerfully better at night.
Watch Nancy Grace cross-examine Cupid like never before.
She's makeup on unsuspecting people.
Shoot them with an era.
With a dangerous weapon robbing them of their free will.
And then just fly away.
Who do you think you are?
I keep it.
I'd say you're more like something that runs with Cupid.
There's no love lost in this.
Exclusive Nancy Grace interview tonight on Headline News.
27-11-560-WDQM, we got mad dog at two who will not give cutoff in the middle of a sentence.
Although considering the technical ineptitude of this radio station,
let's see now that I'm back if Lion 1 is working yet.
Oh, no.
No.
Oh, but we're back up.
We're streaming again.
Yes, we are.
We have 1192 members on our Myspace.
So friends, excuse me, friends.
We have 1192 members and two friends.
How's that?
Well, that's bad.
I shouldn't say those things.
I'm just speaking from the heart.
I'm just speaking personal.
Okay?
1192, so I'm thinking we ought to have 1200 by the end of the day today.
You think?
Probably.
If you push, if Chris leans on it,
of course if Chris leans on the whole thing will come crashing down.
1192, that's pretty good for an old fart like me.
I'm a show like this on an AM radio station where suppose I'm a...
And guess now, I'm sure you have them keeping track on our Myspace page, have you?
Track a what?
Of these comings and goings of people one adding friends and...
No.
...making the messages.
Well, I have.
I pay it no matter.
Just because I'm a vacation does mean I'm like shining everybody.
I may be shining a few shoes on the street corner one of these days soon.
We're back upstream and again boys and girls, that's the good news.
757 votes, we got to push a little for a thousand because when you start to pull on Sunday,
about seven o'clock last night or whenever I finally got it over there to Eric,
it gives you like a little handicraft.
764, we got a way to go to get to that thousand a day.
And if we don't get to a thousand by two, I may be calling in sick tomorrow with this crash you throw.
Or maybe I'll just go to woodbine tomorrow morning about six thirty.
Oh yeah, I don't make you feel better.
Which living or not lately?
Boy, those machines, man, you can't find a good machine.
You want to know why because there isn't one.
That's the problem.
Yeah, I'm not going to make it till two with the scratchy throat.
I can feel it already.
If I would just drink more of my diet soda, create some hot tea.
I think I got some tea in there too.
During the next break I'm going to go to the tea room.
Good.
And then I'll go make some tea in the kitchen.
Which living day or by person do you most admire?
Are pulled today?
764 votes.
I just got through reading these, didn't I?
I just got through doing this before the break.
Why, I didn't think I got today's pull yet.
I'm sorry.
That's what I'm trying to say.
If I don't like that.
When you know you start right out and you get all these technical difficulties on it,
the audio of all cracked out, the internet thing, we're feeding, I've wrapped out.
This call was going to be pretty good.
QAM, hello.
Hi Neil, how you doing?
Great.
Good.
Listen, I want to add one to your poll with a can.
Okay, go right ahead.
I'm thinking about Mr. Garrison from South Park.
He's a pretty funny fact.
Well, so I know what I was going to tell you about the MySpace thing.
Guess who got hooked up with somebody met on our MySpace you'll never believe it.
Somebody hooked up on the show's MySpace.
With some chick from our MySpace page.
Okay.
Johnny G.
Well, good for him.
Not good for her, but good for him.
Well, exactly.
Wow.
When I read that, I just about dropped my teeth.
And guess who else is on there who is an...
I may have to delete him because he's really annoying.
Now, you tell me he emailed you last week.
This is a guy who several times himself, the embelliant guy, Jerry, with a G.
Jerry, you are a major...
...hole, okay?
Yeah, which part of the word do you understand?
He starts, I'm still in Berlin.
I'm reading, I'm going to the Internet Cafe or I can do it on the Blackbird.
But it's easier to go to the Internet Cafe and I'm reading, you know, stuff that's coming in there.
And he is ripping you in S.
And he's writing it as if he's writing it to you, which I guess he probably did send it to you.
But he's also sending it to me.
He means that the...
Yeah.
And all you do is mumble, George, and you're the worst.
And when you're going to get the semi-broadcasting voice and blah, blah.
And then, toward the end of the week, he is kissing you, asking you more than Chris is sucking up to me today.
Kissy, kissy, kissy.
Like that.
I think it's because I actually responded to one of his emails.
Would you tell him to get lost?
No, maybe I should have.
No, you should have told him to drop dead.
The Abouillon guy.
See, one thing about these people on...
When they start giving themselves names.
Oh, yeah.
Like that.
They're a character.
Yeah, that's right.
They want to be a character on the show.
Like that.
Or he called several times a day last week.
Did he really?
Gilbert Solomon.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, he just got his name out there.
Oh, Gilbert Solomon?
Yeah.
The one that goes...
Like the one.
Oh, that's all it does now.
Don and Mike blow.
Blow!
That one.
That's Gilbert.
This is the amazing Gilbert.
We minding you not to drink and drive this holiday season.
Yes, Gilbert.
And I need some action.
Well, don't hold your breath.
Although Johnny Geeng can get hooked up on our MySpace.
Maybe Gilbert can go on there, but God forbid.
I will not approve him.
I'd like to hook him up to something.
Yeah, to a long rope.
Or maybe just along...
You!
Maybe a truck.
Or a jumper cables.
And moving truck like in the hitcher.
Oh, yeah.
Well, if you folks want to see a really great flick, go out and rent by or steal, if you haven't seen it yet.
Now, then they redo it.
They redo it.
Oh!
Oh!
Oh, my God.
Why do they keep doing that?
Because they like imagination and Hollywood.
When they did, when a stranger calls, I was so violently.
I just offended.
Personally, deeply offended.
Or you should feel better, everyone said it's stuffed.
Well, good.
The original was great, with fat Charles Durning.
I love the way we ride him to the Me of Cannon, you know.
We didn't come red.
All these fat detectives, man, waddling.
The bad guy is running like a son of a bitch and he's getting away.
And the fat detective, man, he's waddling along, you know, trying to huffing and puffing.
I think I'm out of voice.
No, it's all I can to you.
No, you sound great.
Just have some tea.
Oh, during the break, I think we're going to make me some tea.
I never finished the schedule, did I?
Four to five, it's the power hour, of course, with Hank and a mad dog.
Yeah, that's super bowl game suck, by the way, that was crap.
And what did I tell you, Chris?
Rex Grossman blows.
I agree.
They're off, they're idea of offense.
Their whole game plan was the worst bunch of crap.
So many two and three yard passes, you know.
That's not how you score touchdowns or get into scoring position is by throwing two and three yard passes.
They suck.
The bears?
Yes.
Well, every time he tried to throw down a field, he just left it up for an intersection.
That's a waste, thinks.
Rex Grossman blows.
Are you gator people out there to your cancer Raspberry?
Rex Grossman is just not good.
The hopper solo 5-7 and 80k 7-10 tonight while some of you might still be awake.
Talks.
Absolutely.
I want to move back to DC.
So please vote for him or we might hear him a winner.
Move back into the White House.
You can call me the first fouls on Plants Day dinners.
But for the lady vote for the lady.
I'm talking about former first lady.
That's right folks.
It is Hillary's time.
When she's flying Air Force One, I'll be home getting some in the West Wing.
And when I lie in cheat, I cannot lean peach.
That's the best thing.
But for the lady vote, vote, vote for the lady.
Talking about former first lady.
It is Hillary's time.
Not.
Do you promise, special baby?
That's right.
Roll that you would all back into the Lincoln bedroom.
Oh, I wanted which position to give me.
Oh, a secretary's thing.
That's what I want.
1046 if you're not just comparing a Hillary to Barack Obama.
It is like comparing Model T Ford to my one of my beautiful Corvettes.
Ridiculous.
When you agree?
Yeah, but I'm having a sneezing fit right now.
Oh, I had that before to show you.
Sneezing and sneezing.
I love these things.
Probably walking in the morning or something minor like that.
But the good news is I do have some herb tea.
Good.
I got the herb.
Bigelow, cranberry apple.
That's the good news.
Even more good news.
No caffeine.
You wonder what the bad news is?
What?
Taste like crap.
Oh, that means God.
That means God.
Good for it.
Huh?
I still don't have any sweet low-inner yet or stuff like that.
Probably some old people stole it.
Oh, my God.
Is that rank or one?
Wow.
Crabberry apple.
Sounds really good though, doesn't it?
Yes it does.
And during the next break I'll go and find me some stuff.
Some powder.
Some white powder.
That's all the rage.
Yeah, that's what I'm hearing.
That's what I'm hearing.
And the call probably would have found if she'd have been here today to find it.
W.A.M. Hello.
I'm George Robert E. Gisley.
Is this a long distance call?
No, this is not a long distance call.
How are you doing Neil?
Okay.
What's your opinion?
What do you got, Pally?
Obviously not much.
Oh, come on.
Neil's Rick Shaw.
I was calling George.
I'm looking for SUDs and I need his phone number.
I figured George could help me out.
Sure I can.
Yeah, he'll help you out.
Thank you.
You don't sound too friendly to me though today.
How come you're not seeing me?
You look him wrong.
Are you kidding?
I'm friendly to you every day.
I love you Neil.
Are you okay Rick?
I'm fine.
I think you got the cap on to it today.
Does he sound normal to you or what?
He sounds like a full-bitten figure.
No, he sounds all happy.
Oh, he sounds really energetic.
I'm just my last week on the year for a while.
I'm going on vacation next week.
For a while.
Look at four weeks.
What for a week?
You know, seven days are going on.
No, no, I ain't saying it to you last day for a while.
But you're not retiring yet though, right?
No, it's kind of open ended there.
They're looking for a replacement.
And I'm there, it's the only fine one.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
No, retire.
I got to 50 years as a left Neil.
50 years.
50 years.
Of cranking out the hits and doing those talk-ups 50 years.
50 years, 1956 is when I started right out of high school.
Good God.
Yeah.
You know what that tells me?
What?
You're old, just like me.
You're right.
60 years in county.
You're 68?
Yes, sir.
So I guess that gives me four more years.
Well, at least, you know, you're doing fine.
You're checking right along.
Oh, you are too much.
Okay, hang on, Ricky Tiki.
And don't do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
Don't do it.
I'm going to put it on hold.
I'm going to give you a few numbers.
Thank you.
And I want to might be said to just do hang on.
Okay.
Wow.
If he wouldn't have told me who that was, would you know who that was?
No, he sounded happy.
He sounded wired this morning.
Hmm.
Ah, boy, that tea tastes like garbage, man.
It tastes like somebody took Drainow and put it in a toilet bowl and just
put it in a little.
Oh, nasty.
So it must be extra therapeutic.
It must be really extra good, yeah.
But by 11.30, I'm going to sound just like a brand new child.
I'll tell you what I've been doing.
It tastes good.
It ain't good for you.
I said it.
That's true.
Well, the Lord works the mysterious ways, you know.
Oh, God.
Oh, my God, Bullcrap.
Okay, let's see how the pole is coming.
804 hosts.
We've got 1,000 made.
How much of Chris is relieved to hear that?
Chris is so happy that I'm back.
What are you so happy about?
What is everybody's so damn happy?
I'm happy too.
It's a big deal.
No matter what matter, fact, I'm ecstatic.
I'm ecstatic.
What living or gay or by person do you most admire?
Neil, 337.
He is legendary and he's an old fag.
What's wrong with being a legendary old fag?
What's wrong with being an angry prophet announcing hypocrisies of our times, right?
Right, Howard.
Uh-oh.
I'm as mad as hell on a hook that I hate this anymore.
Oh, Neil, 337.
I got the rest of the field licked.
I hate this pool 82.
Barney Fag, Frank 81.
Do we still have that dick army thing?
I'm sure we do.
Yes, we do.
Well, I know we do because that's what I'm saying.
Huh?
Shut up, bitch.
I wonder what the whole lot of centers, that, oh, I know what it's under.
It's under Barney Fag is what it's under.
Right.
Uh, there's the Barney talking to you.
They give me your cold of catching it.
Yeah, that must be a great party talking to Dillro.
I like peace and quiet.
Man, I don't need to listen to Barney Fag.
Barney Frank crying in in my ear because I've made a few bucks.
I'll book that one.
Yeah, good for you, dick.
Barney Frank 81.
I hate all fags 56.
Elton John, she's got 51.
Groove it all 41.
He should be way, way up there.
I'm top, so to speak.
David boy 29, martin never, never until over 23.
Tommy Cruz 15.
Tommy.
You're fairy.
Billie Jean King 14.
Madonna 13, Rosio Donald 13.
Prince, she's got 11.
It's got 11.
Whatever it is.
It's an it.
It's not a he.
It's not a she.
It's an it.
Miss Lillie.
And I think if you call it an it, you'll leave it a couple letters off at the beginning.
Ian McClellan 9.
Richie Simmons, she's got seven.
David Geffen 6.
Jack Horkheimer, she's got three of the star.
The star Gayser.
Matt Dredge 3.
Calvin Klein appear.
I'll tell you one thing.
Those Calvin Klein counters, they leave me.
Well, what's the other one?
Not Calvin Klein.
What's the other one?
The other one.
The catalog.
Abercrombian bitch.
Abercrombian bitch, man.
Oh, Chris Hedges, good God.
Woof!
There are some people in there who just look at it to pictures.
Leave me a week.
Week at the knees.
Boy George 2, tab 102.
He used to be real pretty.
And always in all the movies he was in, he was always walking around like almost naked, you know?
Because he couldn't act and he sure couldn't sing.
Young love.
Oh, he was terrible.
Larry Kramer won.
Dave Copay won.
Whitney Houston, she's got one.
And I believe it.
And George Michael has got only one.
Nobody likes Miss Michael, I guess.
8-11.
Nope.
Well, I don't understand what would be the reason for that.
They don't like old perverted fags.
I mean, I got 341 votes.
And there's nobody older or more perverted or more of a fag on his list than me, because nobody likes his music.
That's George Michael.
Correct.
Keep the faith.
Keep the faith, baby.
Fat chicks.
You know, gay guys, fat chicks.
That's all.
Like Miss Michael?
Correct.
I see.
So we got Rick Shaw called in already this morning on my first day back.
He didn't say anything about looking back from vacation.
I sure was just an oversight in his part.
See how sensitive it touched here, I am.
Huh?
That's right.
No, I'm not.
I'm not the least bit.
I'm delighted that he called.
He's a good guy.
Yes he is.
Don't retire, Rick.
You're regretted.
You'll get so bored after the first couple of months, man.
Just like my trip to Berlin.
I mean, can you believe you asked me, you know, how was it?
And I said, it sucked.
You couldn't believe it, could you?
And when I told you, I came back four days early.
You were in shock.
Yeah.
Four days early from the each-feet-eye Berliner?
I've done that before on occasion when you have it.
Oh, you have it a particularly good time.
That's right.
See, that's one thing I leave my options open.
Mm-hmm.
Smart.
And unlike certain airlines, I don't want to mention air-candidate that gouged you when you
like changed the date of your trip.
Like, air-candidate, I don't want to mention because I've got a lot of good friends there.
And it's a fine airline, but it's an monopoly, so they do whatever they want to you.
So there wasn't any search cards from KLM.
You know, the one thing that I don't know why, but the one thing, these were nice 777s
that I flew over and back in, you know?
Six seats across in business class?
Seven seats across, two, three, and two.
But the one thing that always when I fly KLM, the Dutch pilots, you know?
Kevin, take your seats.
It's just, they all sound like the same guy.
Maybe they are.
Maybe the one guy flies all the planes.
I don't know how he does it.
It's like, it's like, how will you find a godfather eclipse?
And it's like a miracle.
Don't ever take size with anyone against the family again.
Ever.
How often?
Ever.
Ever.
Oh, you know, it was on last night and I was just too tired to stay if I went to bed
because I'm going to be old.
It's a mini brasco.
Oh, yeah.
Good to move.
Speaking of Al Pacino.
Excellent movie.
And Johnny Deppin, I think other than the day in Zeta when he was standing next to me with that leather jacket on,
and I put my arm around him and we had our picture taken.
I wish I had that picture, man.
I kiss it.
And the picture too.
But there was, uh, the dining brasco was good, but I couldn't stay up, you know.
But what I heard.
Get the chop.
Now is that, I don't know whether we can play that one or not.
Is that the one that's edited or not?
I don't think so.
I think it's all right.
You're crazy.
Well, that's another story.
Well, okay.
I'll try.
Oh, I got so excited.
I just knocked it down that I didn't mind.
Well, you know, I don't think we can play this.
Get the chop.
Hey.
Get the chop.
Get the chop.
I closed the mic.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
This day, day, no.
You're not pulling me.
Yeah.
I may be a little under the weather.
I may be ill, but I still got a fan.
This is a finger.
The Neil Roger Show.
The Rock Solid.
Any questions?
And welcome back to the Radio Shopping Club.
I'm your host, David.
Now, if you've been watching the news, you know it's not good.
No.
The Doom's Day clock that tells us how close we are to the
destruction of the world has inched closer to Armageddon.
And the Radio Shopping Club has decided to cash in.
Of course we have.
Introducing the RSC Doom's Day Alarm Clock.
Now, check this out.
It looks just like an ordinary alarm clock, doesn't it?
Except instead of waking to a buzzer or music or the sounds of nature,
you'll wake to a thunderous sound of nuclear annihilation.
Now, I know what you're saying.
You're saying, David, because that's my name.
I don't want the world to end.
I don't want the oceans to run blood red.
I don't want my skin to melt off my skeleton in a flash of radioactive horror.
Well, of course you don't.
Who does?
And you won't.
Thanks to the RSC Doom's Day Alarm Clock's
Snooze button.
Yeah, check this out.
Now, when you see that mushroom cloud just hit the snooze button and you'll get
another nine minutes before you and your family are completely vaporized.
Now, what's more, the RSC Doom's Day Alarm Clock has this nifty little feature.
Look at this right here.
It's a battery backup.
So it will even work in the event of a global thermal nuclear electromagnetic pulse.
That's awesome.
It's the RSC Doom's Day Alarm Clock.
Operators are standing by in the bunker.
And if you order now, you'll make no payments until nuclear winter.
We'll be right back.
RSC the radio sharpies now.
1202 at 560.
You know, I'm so much better.
I sound like you want to know why.
Hot tea.
Guess what I found to put in my hot tea.
Splenda.
Ooh, yeah.
And it is splendid.
And you know what it tastes like?
Sweet.
It tastes like crap with the splenda in it.
Right?
Not sorry.
Which is better than crap without it.
Ah.
And this blend has been sitting open.
It's not in the little packets, you know?
Okay.
It's got a poor spot like you saw.
You know?
Like it's horrible, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
It's been sitting open and recovered for like, I don't know, months, years.
Who knows?
But it's okay.
I'm not dead yet.
It's fine.
We'll speak it in that dead yet.
Wait till you hear this story.
You won't believe it.
All right.
Daniel Walker.
Not that Daniel Walker or Johnny Walker.
Was on his final lap jogging in his high school gym class
when he collapsed his flawed heart giving out a home.
Just like that.
More than four days later, his heart at a standstill kept alive by a bypass my sheenman.
It began beating again.
Ooh.
Good.
The 17-year-old's parents called the divine intervention.
You know who that was responsible?
Bill, come on.
His physicians were no less amazed.
Did it?
I've been a surgeon for 10 years.
This is probably one of the most incredible things I have ever seen.
Dr. Abel Mangy.
Well, what if he's a del Mangy's used to drive a potato and buffalo race wave and dead by 100 years?
Dr. Abel Mangy.
Or maybe that's Mangy.
A lot of Walker's cardiac surgeons at near Presbyterian Hospital Columbia.
That's he isn't working to do it anymore.
Works for about a minute.
Walker's father described his son's recovery in spiritual terms.
God turned around, put his hand in my son and recharged him.
Said William Walker, 58.
Recarred sanitation worker.
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, no.
I forgot.
I even hand that damn thing.
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
Oh, what?
No, this is a Shakira performance I'm seeing on Spanish television.
Was that from the Grammys?
I have no idea.
I love Shakira.
I know.
Like I said, I wish I had watched it.
I don't think it was too good.
After death threats, boycotts and a cold shoulder from the Cretan Music establishment,
the Dixie Chicks gained sweet vindication last night at the 49th Annual Grammy Awards.
Cactoring honors and all five of the categories, in which they were nominated.
They were the top winners during a night when the recording Academy spread the wealth,
even handing out two ties into two categories.
As it be stored four awards on the Red Hot Chili Fingers,
oh, they used to be really good in the beginning.
They suck now.
That's right.
And three on Mary J. Blige, Carrie Underwood, just in Tinkerbell, on So Great I missed it.
Tony Bennett, John Mayer, Ludicrous, and the LHS musician Michael Brecker,
aboard Mundo's also received multiple awards.
Now, John Mayer was just in concert down there like a week ago, whenever it held up,
do you see it?
Are you talking to me or Chris?
Either one of you.
No, it's John and you are.
Well, what I'm talking to you because, you know, I can't handle that.
In fact, I think I saw John Mayer and he was, what?
I don't like John Mayer.
Well, Shema and you and Mr.
you would better get with him.
Is that John Mayer?
This is John Mayer.
I don't want to get with it.
I'll leave it for somebody else to get with.
I made it easy.
Maybe another song is better.
The Dixie Chase De Cone Grammys for the Top 2 Awards, Records Song and Elm of the Year,
they're taking a long way, one best country album, and I'm ready to make Nice Also Cap for the Best Company Performance by a duo, a group with both.
And the song is an un-pologetic response to the fear of set off in 2003,
when the band's lead singer Natalie Mainz made an off the cuff anti-war remark to London concert chorus.
Just so you know, she said, I'm sorry, De Cone.
What's wrong with him?
He was on her last night when I saw about a minute.
I'll send you an album if you want.
No.
She said just so you know, we're ashamed of President of the West from Texas.
She had said Natalie Mainz.
Last night's awards with the recording academies we joined in the Country Music Radio Establishment, which ignored the album.
Well, screw the establishment, okay, because they're appealing to all of them, Yahoo Rednecks.
That's what they're appealing to you.
All of them red states and red necks and red ass.
Kind of like Ned Vity, you know.
A bad chap.
He would probably be a little chapped at the show up in the show.
So some days awards with the recording academies, I just said that,
excepting the award for the song of the Air Ms. Mainz joined.
For the first time in my life, I'm speechless, she said.
But she found her voice on later trips to the stage.
I'm very humbled that I think people were using their voice the same way this loud mouth is.
She said, self-referentially after taking the long way was named Albuquer.
The Vixie Tixue, with the major Grammy category service,
is a sharp counterpoint to their shoutout at the Country Music Association Awards in November, while Hubsay and Dread.
The recording academy consists of members across the nation who work at all genres of music.
The Red Hot Showy members who used to really be good when they first came out,
and now they really, everything sounds the same.
Yes, you're right.
Who's enduring? Well, see, I know my crap.
I'm going to tell you, when I had that apartment in Amsterdam,
those two summers in a row, man, I was dangerous.
As far as music is concerned.
I was just wondering, is that where it was playing some?
I'm talking because I had the satellite dish,
and we had every music channel that was ever invented.
And so we were right on top of the fact.
I might just play Band-O-Denomen here and wishing you, what is it loving you?
Whatever that is. Sure, whatever rest of your voice that may be.
Do you want to be as near as saying that, because you don't want to work tomorrow?
Yes, Wednesday. You're right.
Because you know how these things go with me.
When I was the voice, it was cool. It's always three or four days.
I'll.
The Red Hot Chili Peppers took three Grammys before the National Broadcast show began at the Staples Center.
97-100 Native Words weren't even televised.
What was that?
It was an auspicious beginning on a night when the band was set up for as many as six awards,
Danny California, set like many of the band songs in LA in its environments,
one for best rock performance by a duo or a group with vocal and best rock song.
The band's double album, the stadium Arcadium,
first of that veteran group's albums to reach number one,
one the best boxed or special limited edition.
And on the televised portion of the proceedings right after it performed,
the band captures the Grammy for the best rock album.
Oh, this goes on.
I'll be done by 1130. I'll be out of voice.
Can you tell? David.
Well, I'll go back and get some more tea. You got to heat it up.
They don't think about tea as it doesn't stay hot real long.
No, no.
Soon after the live telecast began on CBS,
Ms. Blige's album, The Breakthrough,
one for best R&B album and the best thing we have R&B vocal performance,
complimenting the Grammy for the best R&B song that she and T.C.O write as one
before the broadcast, be without you.
Be without you.
Sorry, we're out of song.
I think it's one thing, man. Those people in Germany are sure still pretty.
And now, since I was there last summer, they still haven't gone ugly.
Man, they are sure pretty.
Oh, is that? Is that Ms. Blige?
Yeah, he would not you.
No.
I could be without that.
Yeah, not for me.
Nice to meet you.
Okay, that's enough.
Well, most of the acceptance speeches pay tribute to the usual managers,
producers and family.
One winner, the rap star Lutikris,
veered off the beaten track when his release therapy was named Best Rap Album.
In addition to a litany of music executives,
Lutikris thanked the Fox News personality, Bill O'Reilly,
and Oprah Winfrey, who criticized him in the past.
They'll screw them.
Both.
Mr. Tinkerbell, whose future?
Oh, see how that's why I want to say crap?
I'm not going to play any Justin, even though I'm sure I'm better not here.
You better not hear.
If you want to play Justin, just...
Bye, bye, bye!
That's all you need.
Mr. Tinkerbell's album Future Sex Love Songs was nominated for the most prestigious
category of album of the year,
one Best Rap Song Collaboration with TI for my love,
while he in Timberland, the go-to producer of the moment,
won for Best Dance Song.
See how I'm losing my voice?
Uh-oh.
TI also kept the Grammy for the Best Rap Solo Performance for what you know.
Not what you know, but what you know.
Yeah.
Another music industry veteran, Mr. Bennett.
Oh, and Bob Villan got an award?
Wow.
And Mr. Bennett, Tony Bennett, who's been dead for 40 years,
won two early awards, including One Frist Wet with Stevie Wonder for once in my life,
and a category of Best Pop Collaboration with vocals with a dead person.
And Mr. Brecker, who died last month, also got two Grammys for Justin's
instrumental solo, and large jazz ensemble album on his brother,
Randy's, um, some skunk funk to pick up your pieces.
Yeah, pick...
And now, when most said, I want to be around to pick up your pieces,
and that's what he said.
Your piece, you know.
Oh, for me!
That's what he said.
The Country category offered up at least one more surprising twist,
where you should...
I'm trying to talk, and I'm going to talk over that music.
You want me to be on the...
Oh, I don't see ya.
Ah!
The Country category offered up at least one more surprising twist as the new
Jersey arena rock band, Bon Jovi.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my gosh.
One Best Country Collaboration with vocals for who says you can't go home with Jennifer
Nettles.
I don't mind Bon Jovi then.
I'd say, I had one good song.
That's not it.
Yes, to the couples.
Oh, no, this is the song you're just mentioning.
Well, oh.
Oh, whoa, whoa.
I thought that it's my life was not bad.
Huh?
This ain't a song about a happy couple.
You know what I'm like that?
It's my life.
I'd only be shocked.
You shut that crap off, please.
Less surprising were the awards to Miss Underwood,
who an American Idol victory turned commercial superstar,
who won for a female country vocal performance with Jesus Take the Wheel.
Oh!
What a deal when Jesus takes the wheel.
This is Christ.
Man, it makes me enough to make me squeal.
Continuing a Grammy tradition, they pro-commisers Jimmy Steer and his orchestra.
One for the best polka album, Polka in Paradise.
It was their 16th Grammy.
And former president, Jimmy Carter, who's recent folk palestine piece,
not apartheid, has encountered a storm of opposition from far-biz and a Jews,
one for a less contentious but as pointed production,
his or her endangered values, America's moral crisis,
tied to the best spoken word category with Aussie Davis and Ruby D's,
with Aussie and Ruby in this life together.
But I beat Betty Buckelyne.
I met Sid.
And like I said, whatever it is.
Brook Anderson, CNN, Hollywood.
Oh, thank God I missed that and thank God I didn't watch it.
Neil Rogers.
Ah.
Boy, I just made it back from the kitchen at that time.
Woohoo!
Close.
Too close for comfort, I feel it.
First thing I said when my playing fun in London,
was that to be bold.
I'm tired of it here.
Next thing I said to my best friend was,
let's get a song.
We drank some beer,
hooked up with some bass.
It seemed like luck would finally be kind of sane.
And I got a letter of big surprise,
something I could not believe.
I had to go back to that place where they shoot at me.
Leave all the comforts of all.
A place where they enjoy killing each other.
Don't know if they think you need them.
The dirt sort of duty is pretty insane.
But it's you that we're doing.
We've got to go back to the war.
Let me 34, 26, so no, Matt.
I just made a small hot water, you know.
Good, nooks and water.
And it just barely got back.
Miss Lou Gayness has got her own webpage, by the way.
Regular savings?
Oh, sure.
That's it, everybody.
Just about.
If you don't have your own webpage,
man, you ain't to Schmidt.
You ain't country, you ain't Schmidt.
So how about them, Dixie Chicks, huh?
All these right-wing redneck Yahoo's.
How dear your criticized our president?
Of course the reason, oh, look at this.
CNN's Rick Sanchez got a proposal of a lifetime someday
from Oscar-winning Hollywood hottie Charlize Thadal.
During an interview to discuss her new documentary
about Cuban rappers, East of Havanaugh,
the South African actor looked right at the camera and said,
I want to make out with you right now.
But her shocking proclamation was not so much
a come on as a poet to turn a corner on an interview
that was going downhill fast.
As Sanchez put it, away from beautiful woman
to get a guy to change the subject.
You don't have to remind me of what?
I'm sure, well, you, even you, remember it.
And I know we got, oh, here it is.
There's always been a tough season for jet fans.
What does it mean to you now in a team that's struggling?
I'll make kids see.
I couldn't care less about the team struggling.
I don't want to kiss you.
Thanks, Joe.
Yeah!
You're welcome, man.
You'll name it part of the Ford decade team.
Listen to these guys and have some.
All right.
Have another one, Joe.
What a Yahoo he is.
Anyway, when the Cuban American Sanchez
asked about the lack of freedom on the own,
Theran slammed what she said was the lack of freedom in the US.
You go, Charlize, we love her.
She's a sweet one.
Beautiful.
And she is a lover of Shes.
Even I might hang out with her.
She's, here's the transcript edited.
She said, well, I would argue that there's a lack of freedom in America.
I think, you know, I think we tend to, Sanchez, yes,
but you don't have Democrats being arrested and thrown in jail.
And you can have a meeting in your house and Theran says,
no, but I do remember not too long ago,
some people getting fired from their jobs in TV
because they spoke up on how they felt about the war.
Sanchez, you think the lack of freedom is a cuba
or parallel to lack of freedom in the US?
Theran, well, I would compare those two, yes, definitely.
Sanchez, yes, it sounds like it and I have a very high opinion of the US.
If you think that's freedom, Theran, oh my God, no, you're so wrong.
I absolutely love it.
Why do you think I live in the US?
Theran, I want to make out with you right now.
In his voiceover, Sanchez said the comment came in a moment he totally missed.
Yeah.
He misses lots of them over.
Yeah.
She was just fun in them.
She was just making an ass out of them.
I saw the video of it.
He didn't need any help.
He was making a good ass out of himself.
Big fat ass.
You bring up the cuba issue and he's got a pose and posture and stuff like that.
That's right.
Because he's like Ilyana was Anna Dana, one dimensional idiot.
What are your people, by the way?
There's Barack Obama, my man.
Hi, hero.
You go, Barack.
He is the man.
I thought it was a tragic mistake.
Senator Obama has the distinction of never having to cast a vote to authorize the war
since he was not in the Senate at the time.
But at a campaign event Sunday, protesters were a reminder that no candidates are exempt
from voters angry about Iraq.
Oh yeah, look at all those protesters.
There's like seven of them who want some stupid banner up there.
Idiots, morons.
So somebody faxes in from your close buddies over university Dodge.
It must be Kimba Bo camper.
How's that Kenny and Bo morning show going, by the way?
Oh, it's great.
Gay governor Charlene Christ has on here.
Let's see the poll is which living gay or by person in my most.
Charlie Christ, of course, your gay governor in Florida.
How could we forget her?
Right.
I guess we won't put Mark Foley on there.
Not too many people in my repeat files.
Correct.
Charlie Christ, you got it?
For Chris Sakes, you got it.
Good.
How are we doing on that poll anyway?
Got nine something yet?
I don't know what I was worried about getting to a thousand.
Oh, we got nine seventeen already.
Boy, we are kicking big fat ass.
There's swillery that bitch.
I think would be.
There's Donna Brazil.
Stupid mistakes.
So I think she's doing the right thing.
Yeah, well, what would you expect her to say?
Okay.
I think Donna and Henry may have a little something go into two of them.
Think so.
Wouldn't surprise me.
Which living gay or by person's figure that you admire most?
Oh, there's that fat ass bill bent it.
The upper right hand corner of the screen.
Look at that piece of crap.
He's already making a $2 million bet on the election.
Jackass.
One thing I can't stand is people of gamble.
Yeah.
Oh, which living gay or by person's figure most admire?
Neil 387, the legendary Faggy Neil.
The one who wants to do the weather guy there.
That's a key guy.
I'm the CNN.
Oh, for other.
Barney Fag 93, I hate this poll.
92.
I hate all Fags 59.
Elton John 59.
Gorbidol 45.
David Bowie 34.
Martina Navarra Tello 27.
I want to have one of David's knives.
Billie Jean King 28 Tom Cruise.
She's got 16.
Madonna 15.
The immaterial girl.
Rosie O'Donnell 14.
Prince 11.
What is it?
Ian McClellan.
I still don't know who that is.
He was in that horrible movie.
Were the bus the bus accident?
Sorry.
Sir Ian McClellan.
He was in that awful movie where he was the attorney.
And he volunteered to represent the families.
When a school bus went off the road.
I don't think I saw that movie.
No, during the break, I'll find it.
I got another room.
Okay.
DVD and my BVDs.
I hate it.
Horrible movie.
You never saw it.
Don't see his band.
Don't think so.
Richie Simmons, David Gaffin 6.
Matt Dredge.
She's got four.
Self-hating Queen.
Missor Conor's got three.
The old star.
Gays.
Sir.
I just like doing that.
In case you have noticed.
Calvin Klein 3.
Larry Kramer 2.
George Michaels got another one.
Now he's got a pair.
And if you want, he'll show them to you.
Boy George 2, Tab 102, Greg Lucanus 1.
Dave Kopei 1.
And Whitney Houston, she's down there on the bottom.
Wouldn't be the first time.
9.22.
We are adding Charlie Christ.
Are our gay governor?
Yes, we did.
Good.
Not that we want to out anybody here on here.
But unless you're deaf dumb blind and maybe dead,
everybody knows that Charlie is.
Yeah, you're a gay governor in Florida.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
I think they say he wanted that, Charlie.
I think it's her missalal crew in the game.
560.
You A.M.
Pepper toys from the good old days.
Your brother playing with his light bright.
And you making a groovy picture on your etchous sketch.
Well, fishy price toys.
It's bringing those good times back.
Dude, this looks like the best batch yet.
Let me try.
Let me try.
Oh, yeah.
This is gonna have to be.
Back.
Tweak in a no time.
It's the easy bake, meth oven.
Where's Jimmy?
He's out.
A ribbon on me and Hydrus.
He sent me to a farmer down my old man job.
A place that doesn't lock his tank.
The easy bake, meth oven.
You'll keep your kids busy for weeks.
They'll hardly be able to sleep.
I want to know if I missed or just found the box.
What?
I can't understand you what that gas mask got.
I said, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Don't play sound in those bags.
Seriously, man.
Take that mask off.
No.
I don't feel so good.
The easy bake, meth oven.
Some assembly required not responsible for constant face picking,
loss of teeth or death.
From fishy price.
Hey, don't make a meth on the counter.
Now you'll be pleased and I'm sure not.
Although I don't really care.
I'm just like you.
I don't care anymore.
We have 204 dropouts on our streaming on the internet.
Yeah.
They're having problems today, seeds.
204.
It's only 1146 in the big city.
In the magic city.
They'll be able to do a lot better than that.
I beg your pardon.
Oh, we can probably get up to 500 by two o'clock.
In fact, that'd be the thing.
We can have a race between the number of people we have a friend's on the MySpace page.
The number of dropouts are internet streaming and the votes on the poll.
How do you like that?
I like them apples.
So speaking of music.
Well, that's kind of low in.
Oh, there it is.
This is that music inspired by the Godfather CD that you got.
No, this is the original.
This one is Apollonia.
Oh!
He has a real theme.
She had her own apples on you.
Two big apples.
Yeah.
A lovely match pair.
Yeah, the pair too.
Unlike Gorae Akira, you've only got one large breast in the middle of her, uh,
where her clavicle's supposed to be.
Oh, yeah.
Small seed baby.
Not a rest that throat.
Otherwise, Georgian suds are going to be on the rest of the way.
This isn't that idea or the tape for moment.
How about some tape from Georgian suds?
How about suds?
I don't take this.
So I'll tap you.
That's all I hear.
This is from Georgian suds.
I think it was up from three, was up with that gay guy with singing that.
The gay guy at the time about his son.
Yeah.
Wasn't just some gay guy.
That was Michael's son, Ant Right.
He was just some gay guy.
He was also a horrible actor.
Whoever was playing that.
Well, they was perfect gay guy.
I heard the three of them.
He's hidden like a match pair.
I'll tell you, you're right about that team, man.
It's really helping me big time.
Frank Rich writes, see, I'm actually going to get into my pile now.
Although I really struck a, struck it rich with a rich child there.
But not amazing to you.
Yeah, yeah.
I think that's about three times in a row he's done that.
What's that?
Called you and caught you off guard?
Well, I mean, when I wasn't really hardly even taking the calls, I just punched one up.
It was three times in a row he's done that.
What's that?
Called you and caught you off guard?
Well, I mean, when I wasn't really hardly even taking the calls, I just punched one up.
It must be our psychic connection.
The fact that we're both in radio and we're both very old.
Must be.
And both legends.
I'll say that.
No question about him.
He's legendary.
Hey, Ricky, you're legendary, baby, and you're smelly cap too.
You're the best.
Well, next to me.
Next to the legendary Neal.
The Frank Ridge says, stop him before he gets more experience.
As the official Barack Obama rollout reaches his Planck climax on 60 minutes tonight, this was in yesterday's time, so follow.
Where?
In the yesterday's New York Times, he was on last night, so it was written for yesterday morning.
So when he's talking about 60 minutes tonight, you understand what I'm trying to say folks?
They all do you just know.
We'll learn if he has the star-powered rough stage and in the cool Smith.
But at least one rap against him can promptly be laid to rest, his lack of experience.
If time in the US Senate is what counts for presidential seasoning, maybe his two years worth is already too much.
Better we get out now before there's another embarrassing non-vote on a non-binding measure about what will soon be a four-year-old war.
History is going to look back and laugh at last week's farce with the Virginia Republican John Warner voting to kill a debate on his own anti-served resolution,
and West Virginia Democrat Robert Bird, ceasing the occasion for an hour-long soliloquy on coal mining.
As the Senate pleasured itself with parliamentary one-upsmanship, the rate of American casualties in Iraq reached a new high.
The day after the resolution to boxalize spoke with Senator Obama about the war and about his candidacy.
Since we talked by phone, I can't swear he was clean, but he was definitely articulate.
He doesn't yet sound as completely scripted as his opponents, though some talking point-itis is creeping in, and he isn't remotely defensive as he shrugs off the race, countertoms do sure, prompted by his White House run.
Not that he's all sweetness and light, if the criterion is how long you've been in Washington, then we should just go ahead and assign Joe Biden to Christophe and nomination, he said, when people are looking for his judgements.
What Mr. Obama did not have to say is that he had the judgment about Iraq that his rivals lacked.
As an Illinois State Senator with no access to intelligence reports, he recognized in October 2002 that administration claimed that the Sodom's imminent and direct threat to the U.S. were hype.
And forced off that an American occupation of Iraq would be of undetermined length and undetermined cost with undetermined consequences.
Nor can he be a pillorita soft on terrorism by the cheney Lieberman axis of neo McCarthyism.
I don't oppose all wars, he said in the same Chicago speech, what I'm opposed to was a dumb war.
Now that Mr. Obama's past due men's vote, among other stations of bestselling authors cross of hype, he wants to move past the dumb phase of Obamina.
He's begun to realize how difficult it is to break through the interest in me on the beach, or that my wife's made me stop sneaking cigarettes.
He doesn't expect to be elected leader of the free world because he can tell a good joke on Jay Leno.
It's an open question and legitimate question he says, whether he can channel his early boomer in to intellectual victory.
No one can answer that question if this absurdly erred early age of an absurdly long presidential race, but Mr. Obama's well aware of these serious criticism of me and genders, including the charge that he is conciliatory to a fault.
He argues that he's not interested in just splitting the difference when he eventually seeks a consensus on tough issues.
There are sometimes when we need to be less bipartisan, he says.
I'm not interested in cheap bipartisanship, we should have been less bipartisan asking tough questions about Henry Ghibli's Iraq war, he said.
He's introduced his own end to war planicoid beyond a split of the difference kind of nation of the current escalation.
His bill set as a beginning, May, and end March 31st, 2008, for the face withdrawal of combat troops, along with certain caveats,
while American military flexibility, as a big difficult messy situation plays out during the end game.
Unlike the more teenage center war critics including Hillary, Mr. Obama has no crumbs about embracing a plan with what he unobashably labels a timeline.
But he has no messy anti-cretanitions and is enough of a realist to own up to the fact that his proposal has no present chance of becoming law.
Nor do any of the other end-door plans offered by congressional Democrats, some overlapping his, some calling for a faster exit than his.
If an on-binding resolution expressing mild criticism of President Bush's policy can't even come to a vote in the Senate,
legislations in demanding actual action is an on-starter.
All the Democrats perying about troop caps, timelines, benchmarks, cutting off war funding, whatever,
is academic except as an index of the postures being struck by the various presidential hopefuls that compete for the party's base.
There simply aren't 60 votes in the Senate, the fourth-hand of a president who, Mr. Obama's words, is hell-bent on doing what he's been doing for the last four years.
Unless, of course, Republicans join in.
The real point of every Iraq proposal, Mr. Obama, observes is to crank up the political heat until enough pressure builds within the Republican Party that they essentially revolt.
Yeah, they're revolting, alright, most of them.
He argues that last week's refusal to rack down a non-binding resolution revealed just how quickly that pressure is building.
If the resolution didn't matter, he asks, why were they going through so many hoops to avoid the vote?
He seconds Chuck Hagel celebrated the explosion before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee when he pointed at folks in demand that all hundred senators be held accountable for their votes,
and what Senator Hagel called the most divisive issue in his country since Vietnam.
That's why Mr. Obama is right when he says that the individual 2008 contest for the Senate and the House are at least as important as the presidential race when it comes down to winding down the Republican Party's policy.
Ultimately, what's going to make the biggest difference is the American people, especially in swing districts and in Republican districts, sending a message to the representatives, this is intolerable to us, he said.
That message was already sent by many American voters on election day last year.
Rahm Emanuel, the Illinois Congressman who, with the Senate counterpart Chuck Schumer, oversaw the Democratic takeover, smells the blood of more Republicans in marginal districts in 2008.
His party is now in the hunt for fresh candidates, including veterans of Iraq and Afghanistan.
Such is the sense of impending doom among House Republicans that their leader, John Vaynercholtsy, and on January 23, that he could render reverted to whether they laid this bush or wrecked strategies working in a mere 60 to 90 days.
In the Senate, even the rumor of a tough opponent is proving enough to make income its clip overnight from rubber stamps to port to the White House's war policy to criticism of the surge.
Norm Kulman and Minnesota started running away from his own record, and the moment he saw the White South-Al-Frankens eyes.
Another end-angered Republican up for election in 2008, John Sinuno of New Hampshire literally sprinted away from the press, the Washington Post reported,
rather than feel questions about his vote, I'm benign by the resolution last week.
My own guess is that the Republican revolt will be hastened more by the harsh reality in Iraq than any pressure applied by Democratic maneuvers in Congress.
Events are moving just too fast. While senators play their partisan games on Capitol Hill, they did so against the backdrop of chopper after chopper going down and the evening news.
The Justice position made Washington's aura of unreality look obscene. Senator Warner looked like such a fool-boating against his own principles, no matter how strongly I feel about my resolution he said, I so hope with my leader.
That by the end of the week he abruptly released a letter, asserting that he and six Republican colleagues do want a debate on the anti-Sage resolution after all.
Of the five student-tourists fired them up for election in 2008, Mr. Warner among them.
What anyone in Congress with half a brain knows is that the surge was sabotaged before it began.
The latest national intelligence estimates said, as much, when it positive that even if violence is diminished, Iraq's absence of unifying leaders makes political reconciliation doubtful.
Not enough capable Iraqi troops are showing up, and as General Peter Pace told the Senate last week, not enough armored vehicles were able to protect the new American deployments.
The State Department can't recruit enough civilian officials to manage the latest push to turn on Baghdad's electricity as it gains its own sectarian hostilities with a Pentagon.
Revealingly enough the surges cheerleaders are already are searching for post-Rumpetshelled scapegoats. William Crystal, a tattooed defense secretary, Robert Gates, for letting the joint chief slow-walk the brigades in.
Washington's conventional wisdom has it that worse things go in the war, the more voters will want to stick with the tried and true, Clinton, McCain, Giuliani.
But as Mr. Obama reminds us, nobody had better washed and resumes than Dick Cheney or Donald Rumsfeld.
In the wake of the catastrophe they and their enablers in both parties have made, the inexperience should have a crack at inheriting the earth, especially if they're clean.
Right, Frank Rich, but then I shot at Joe Biden.
So you think I'm going to make it till two or what? Yes, I think you will. At all the rest of the week, too.
Eh!
The biggest names of best talents in the thesis, Neil Rogers, for 20560, Sho-A-M.
This is Brandiquim. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1-hour.
You think you're stupid, want you to know my love, life really blows.
Oh no, the chocolate bar for me, I'm getting old, please hold.
Like your bar, I'm not always to spin on my cash. I probably think it's for taking for a rash.
She was a bodybuilding, at a really tough night. She benched for my butt.
Ah!
Rack the cube, man. But you should know I'm all beat up and grow.
I hope there won't be stars for me. Go for the money now.
Last year wasn't Valentine's, I got in a mess.
How I know I'd be hitting on a man in a dress.
Today I got a concert day to be my myth.
He said he got picked.
No!
Stupid!
This is a joke.
My love, life really blows.
Back to the pick-up balls for me.
I think I get a disease.
No!
Stupid!
This days I've done my love, life really blows.
Back to the pick-up balls for me.
Club 0205, 60WQM, I think one or two more stories like that last Frank Richcomb I'll be done for the week.
For the month, they always.
It's a joke.
68 votes on the pool.
This is the hour-go-vor thousand.
Chris is pretty excited about that.
Chris is excited about I'm back.
I told you we missed him.
Get out of here.
You are so cut.
Is this because Wednesday is Valentine's Day?
That's what it is.
968 votes on the pool.
You don't want to get carried away.
Josh Cordis is such a new thing.
You ought to talk to him.
I'm sure they...
Well, I saw on the website.
They make replacement parts available.
You just need to know the part number.
If you have the manual...
I'm talking about a new thing.
I know what you're talking about.
I don't think there's a need for that when it's just the element.
I'm trying to be a nice guy.
Why do you want to buy a whole new weapon when you just need to replace it?
Because it's not a 100 bus for the whole day.
I'm thinking, wasn't it?
Yeah.
So what's a 100 bus?
What is that?
Three minutes?
It would be on a bad day recently?
70 more than like 30 bucks.
People who argue with me over like...
You know, minuscule amounts like that.
They're just wasting their time.
Because I'm going to become a hard ass.
We live in the...
I'm going to start stepping on people's pants if they don't cut the crap.
What?
The rest of us live in a progo world.
So we have to think along those lines.
Well, I don't.
960, I have actually felt like we got 970 something on the pool.
It's not one that I'm really interested in.
There's no cut in 971.
And I got almost half the votes.
I got 405.
And that's because I'm a legendary.
Not just a regular on-year faggot, but a legendary old fag.
Right.
Which I'm a mighty proud.
Anyway, oh yeah, Dick Cheney, major cropped blogs in jail right now.
Of course we all know that.
Dick Cheney is expected to make a historic appearance on the witness stand at the trial of his former AIDS scooter Libby,
who's accused of obstructing justice and trying to align to officials investigating the Bush administration's alleged outing his son.
The CIA officer Mondays, New York Times says.
One witness is dominated the trial of a scooter Libby without even showing up in the courtroom of Scott Cheney and Jim Ruttenberg right in the times.
The article continues, they after they, the jury's heard accounts of the actions of Vice President Cheney,
watched as his handwritten notes were displayed on the gigantic screen, heard how he directed the leaks to the press,
and ordered the White House to publicly defend Libby as top aid and close confidant.
Now as the defense phase of the perjury trial begins, Cheney's expected to make an historic appearance on the witness stand.
It's an act of loyalty that carries considerable risk for Cheney.
Law professor Peter Schaehn tells the Times that it could make great theater because whatever the Vice President testifies to,
would then become fair game for the prosecution news against him on cross-examination.
But a beep for the boop for the ball.
There you go.
Maybe they'll fry his ass. Maybe they'll put him right in the ring.
We'll read alongs and his partners in crime as well.
What a grease fire.
Yeah.
You pick it on Dick Cheney again? You pick it on Dick?
Shame on you.
For 971, I bet if I refresh it.
977.
77.
I have these all over the place.
Right out.
WAPC.
This is where we come from New York to everywhere around.
771 on your dial.
The great big groove is sound.
The home of the good guy.
He just can't put it down.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh baby you'll agree.
I don't you know it's WAPC.
Oh.
WAPC.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
12.
Oh.
12.
These guys have been to
these kids for nine years and they get m host
They get a murder room.
The best kid of all know,
which kids have done that fight?
Yeah.
Cats.
Be aware of this.
When you guys walk around
What do you say?
The guys don't play stupid.
Frankie Valley. We don't have that.
Don't you? That's bad.
I thought you did.
Well, probably it's one of those, we got this.
Joey's days are done.
As he would say, stick a fork in him.
He's done.
Joey's days are done.
We don't have the Frankie Valley.
But that was my point. Is that the, uh, you know, uh,
of course they used to pay for it. Big time.
Pay to the nose.
I've got so much good stuff here that I would love to read, but I just don't know
how I can do it.
Well, knock on some doors around there.
The apartment. See if somebody wants to come in and be on a radio show and have them read it.
Oh, like the guy at the front desk there.
See if he's busy.
Oh, the guy at the front desk right now.
He's, uh, one of your people.
He's a snife.
He's a, I mean, he's, uh, his fan.
Yeah, yeah. Latino.
In fact, I think both of the guys at both my concierge is, is, is, is, are, uh, Latino.
Good guys.
We call it Latin in English.
What does that, what does that mean?
You said Latino.
That's how you say that.
It's wrong.
Nothing.
The word is Latin as long as we're speaking English.
But we're not.
We're speaking English.
That key.
All right.
If we got a key, if the weather guy's name is a key, then I want to be i.e.
Wherever he is and a big snowpiler in Mexico, New York.
He really has, uh, just done something for my life.
I'll say that.
I mean, that's, that's what we really want.
All you, if you really want people to watch the news, put,
quit screwing around, you know, put some really hot, young guys, chicks, you know,
a scantily clad, really provocative, you know, showing whatever they could be
showing and then we'll watch a lot.
I mean, I watch it because I got to watch it because I got to pretend that I care, you know.
Special prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald rested his case against
Chinese former Steve of Chaff, uh, chief of staff.
What I say, Steve of Chaff, Steve of Chaff.
On Thursday in a trial, it's so far lasted 11 days.
The defense plan to begin its presentation today.
The drama being played out in Washington courtroom goes back in time to the early summer of 2003.
This is long, I'm never going to read this.
The Bush administration was struggling to overcome growing evidence, the mission in Iraq was
anything but accomplished.
The claim about weapons and mass destruction that was used to justify the U.S.
invasion in March 2003 had not been supported in surging attacks were on the rise.
Actuizations were growing that the White House had distorted intelligence to rationalize the
invasion.
Trial testimony so far, including eight hours of Libby's own audio recorded testimony to a
grand jury in 2004, suggests that a White House known as discipline was anything but that.
What has emerged instead is, I'm just going to read a little bit of this, okay?
It's just too long.
What has emerged instead is a vice president fixated and finding ways to debunk a former diplomat's
claims that Bush misled the U.S. people in going to war and a suggestion,
changing my depleted role in suppressing contrary intelligence.
A presidential press secretary kept in the dark on Iraq policy.
Top White House officials meeting daily to discuss the diplomat, former Ambassador Joe Wilson,
and sometimes even his CIA officer, wife, Valerie Plain.
Libby's accused of lying to the FBI in the grand jury about his talks with reporter's
concerning plane.
He got the White House press secretary to deny he was the source of the leak,
or I said, secretary like a Bob Woodward says, secretary.
He says he thought he first heard about Plain's CIA job and we seized him,
russard, that pasty-based harassment from Buffalo.
But after checking his own notes, he told the FBI in the grand jury,
Cheney himself told him that Plain worked at the CIA a month before the talk with russard.
But Libby says he forgot that in the crush of business.
In the crush of monkey business.
Cheney was already helping manage the administration's response to allegations that
twisted intelligence to bolster its case on Iraq when Wilson's allegation,
in a New York Times op-ed piece on July 6, 2003, came into his crosshairs.
Cheney told Libby to speak with selected reporters to counter the bad news.
He developed talking points on the matter for the White House press orifice.
He upgrapped the statement by the NCIA Director George Tendon.
He moved to declassify some intelligence material to bolster the case against Wilson.
Cheney even clipped Wilson's column out of the newspapers and sprawled by hand on it.
Have they done this sort of thing before?
Send an ambassador to answer a question.
Do we ordinarily send people a pro boner to work for us or did his wife send him on a junket?
Cheney and Libby discussed the matter multiple times each state according to Libby's
grand jury testimony. A former Cheney press, a Kathy Martin testified,
she proposed leaking some news excuses that was kept partly in the dark when Cheney ordered
Libby to leak part of a classified intelligence report.
Later, she arranged a luncheon for conservative commas with Cheney to help both of the administration
case. What didn't he touch? It's almost like there was almost nothing too trivial for the
right president to handle, said New York University professor Paul Light, an expert in the
bureaucracy of the executive branch. The details suggest he was almost a deputy president with
a shadow operation. He had his own source of advice. He had his own source of access.
He was making his own decisions, like Cheney belongs in his own cell in a federal detention facility.
Starting Pronto Tonto, that's what I'm going to read.
I don't think I'm talking about it. Huh? No, that's good.
Well, if I do too much, we need a lot more of this. We could take a lot of phone calls.
Yeah, like the ones on it right now. Sure, look at them all.
Only 205 dropouts, we stopped dropping out on internet. It said,
the coast is clear, you can listen online now, okay?
I apologize profusely for the technical and confidence of our engineering staff and whatever
else is going on. I'm sure they'll come up with some excuses, somebody else's fault, right?
Right. The dog done it. The dog probably stuck his tail in the middle of the thing.
Or maybe he just had some bloody wild diarrhea. Who knows?
The blind make more known to fishes when they're on any lift.
I'll be snake on miracle special effects.
Jesus Christ, the Scientology. That's what they say.
Town food will be.
That's a blue.
Or give yourself permission in fox on the three.
Jesus Christ, the Scientology.
Now we're the game from the final.
We see how good is Jesus Christ.
Say it about it doesn't sound right.
Jesus Christ, the Scientology.
Probably 10 to 560 WQAM.
Yeah, let's get all those calls on here. That'll kill some good time.
As opposed to my sitting here trying to pute my guts.
Of course, there aren't any calls.
There are five sick clouds because I haven't given them numbers out.
Now, how were your calls last week?
Come on.
All right.
Wow, one out of five, I'd say.
Come on, Chris. Give me an objective answer.
How does it look?
We had some good callers, but then of course the idiots had that chime in.
Wait till you hear this.
Big bucks, big bucks on the horizon for you guys.
I'm sure.
Yeah.
Naples based radio operator, Beasley Broadcast,
who reported higher than expected revenues for the fourth quarter of 2006.
Oh my God.
Net revenues increased 4.2 million to 34.8 million dollars
from 30.6 million year ago.
That's almost enough to pay me.
That was nearly a 14% increase.
Oh my God.
Right.
In a news release, the company set increased revenues came from stations.
It didn't operate in the fourth quarter of 2005.
And higher revenues coming from its stations in Augusta,
Georgia, Fort Myers, Naples, and Las Vegas.
Then set nothing about Miami.
The company had profits of nearly a three million bucks in the fourth quarter
nearly a 93.8% jump from a year ago
went ahead and it came with about 1.5 million.
Profits of nearly a three million in the fourth quarter.
Fowled in 1961, Beasley owns or operates 43 stations in other markets in the US.
Chairs closed at $9.17 on a Friday down 7 cents.
Well, I guess they hadn't heard the news yet.
Down to 6.7, don't buy BVG on.
I want to blow out my brain.
And the ones that interrupt the certain line in my BVG on.
Oh, that's a 9.17.
Not the time. That's the price.
You want anybody want to buy some Beasley stock?
No.
Rhymes with the schlock.
Boy, look, you're right about those phones, man.
They're pretty quiet.
I have an at one person call and you have to say welcome back.
Hope you had a wonderful vacation, which I already told them I did not.
But nevertheless, that would be the Gentile thing to say.
Maybe this is them though.
You think?
I doubt it.
WQIM, hello.
Hi, Nell.
Yes, sir.
I just want to, when you were talking about the ABC before,
I thought of something that you might enjoy.
Yeah.
On Saturday nights,
WAPC actually get away from their right wing lunatic stuff for a couple hours
and they do a show where they do all these and they play the jingles and they take requests
from the sex. You're pretty cool.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, how the hell am I going to hear that?
They have it on the ABC show.
A lot of line?
Yeah.
All right.
From 77W ABC,
go, go, go.
And what time is this on?
It's on from 6 to 10 every Saturday night and it's hosted by I think it's Mark Simone.
Pretty cool.
Oh, thanks.
Your hope cousin Brucey hasn't got on it, thing.
Well, they actually, every once in a while, they actually, they have interviews with all
of guys. They call up Harry Harrison and King Grim and all of those guys all call.
He is a certain A-hole man.
I mean, there are plenty A-holes around the world, but he is certain A-hole cousin Brucey.
But never mind.
Hey, I'm going to be in the news fan.
Hey, listen for the poll.
How about Charles Nelson Riley on there?
Okay.
How do I leave him out?
Thank you, sir.
All right.
Thanks.
Yeah, I'm very glad.
Thank you.
Charles Nelson Riley is alive.
What is wrong with you?
All right.
Our close buddy Brandon had me watching a Game Show channel last night because they were
showing all these old clips from all these the famous people and they were showing match
game.
Charles was on there for like nine years now.
At the right hand, the seat she was in there.
Yeah, she's still alive.
She's about 150.
Charles Nelson Riley.
Thousand and nine votes on the poll.
I just took a peek.
Not bad.
WDQA-M, hello.
Imagine if I could speak Q-A-M, hello.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Good afternoon, sir.
Hey, I don't know if you've got this guy on your pole, but how about Marion, the Duke?
What's his name?
John Wayne.
Is still alive?
I don't know.
He's got to be alive.
I thought he was alive or dead.
Which living gay or by person do you most admire?
Oh, well, you're your, you're my idol.
Okay, thanks, pal.
You're gay.
You're gay.
You're gay.
So John Wayne was gay since when.
His name was Marion, but they didn't make him gay or anything.
I mean, we could put Rock Hudson on there, but he's also still dead.
Right.
We could put Sal Minu on there or James Dean, but they're also still dead.
I mean, Eric would have nervous breakdown if I'd assumed the whole.
Can you imagine how many people run that list?
I googled it last night when I was making this poll.
Put it together.
There's 80's in people.
Of course, a lot of it is just assumed you understand,
because there aren't too many of us who have the balls to come out of the closet.
So we have to just assume.
You know what I mean, Tommy?
You're fair, Rick.
Like that.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
You'll George's mate.
Okay, great.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
Can you put the newest gay on the whole?
And who's that?
The only pro basketball player to come out of the closet.
His name is John Amici.
John Amici.
He's actually the ex pro.
Yeah, ex.
He's ex.
So he's the only ex or pro basketball players ever came out of the closet.
Okay, never heard of it, but we'll put him on there.
Yeah, I know.
He's Google him.
It's not how to talk now because he just came out last night.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you.
Bye.
I was at Amici as in like Don Amici or Amici as in friends in Italian.
Hey, Amici.
Amici.
Amici.
How you spell that?
I don't know.
Crystal.
I'll leave it up to Chris.
He's the basketball expert.
He knows his balls.
I'll leave it up to you.
Do you know who he's talking about?
I know who she's talking about.
Yes, he ended a whole big story about it yesterday.
The reason he decided to come out now based on this,
because well, he's got a book coming out.
Oh.
How surprising.
You don't think he's trying to type the book to you?
That would be very unusual.
No, no one does that, do they?
Nobody does anything like that.
That is so crass and gross.
I hope he sells a lot of books.
I want to do a whole part.
They've, they've, they've ballooned.
I'm not to be confused with the harness driver,
Dave Pallone, who just is a great guy.
Well, I'm sure they're both great guys.
Actually, Dave Pallone came up to my table at Pompano Park one time.
Back at the Alan Finkelson days.
The driver I'm talking about from the meadows,
where Roger Houston pukes out the calls of the races
at the meadows.
See, I better not start doing that.
I won't be here tomorrow.
You know, Roger Houston, he was the first track announcer
at Pompano Park by the way, Roger Houston.
And his ego was just as big and inflated
as it is now.
The voice, he calls himself the voice.
What kind of an aehole calls himself the voice, huh?
It would be like me saying, I'm legendary.
Yeah, who would do that?
Me.
Well, I'm not the one that came up with it.
Where did that come from?
I came from that and it wasn't Josie Lamby,
there was some listener out there that wrote the thing on it.
I mean, Josie's a good guy, but he would never,
he would never lick my butt that hard.
Leave tracks, I'm sure.
25 pass noon, EQ.
Do you think I'm getting my voice back a little or not?
I don't know, it's just it's a little raw and the voice too.
Probably from walking around with no socks in the wintertime.
If you took better care of me, if you were like, you know,
better advisor and counselor,
yeah, I know, well, I try to talk to you in the wedding socks.
And I won't wear a seat belt with radios and a moth.
I don't need this.
We have no snow.
We don't have a, just a little,
a little bit from my three weeks out of the day.
What about the moth?
You try it, you like it.
And now we're reading from the book of Joshua Tree,
Side One Track Two,
and Bono's steak onto the edge.
Yeah, though I have run, I have crawled.
Yeah, though I have scaled these city walls only to be with these.
What I still have been found,
what I've been for.
That's end of the U-Tookerist.
Gov'y now, walk away, walk away, I will follow.
From 31 at 560 WQAM, John Amichi.
Wow, look at that middle name,
EKWUGHA,
ECUALGRA Amichi.
How do you like that?
Okay.
Yes, we was born.
Italy?
What were you going to say?
What did Christ say?
England?
No, let me give you a clue.
Tremont Street,
Anthony Le Hall.
Wow, Boston?
Yeah, there you go.
Oh, you been in Boston, huh?
Yep.
Quincy Market.
The Back Bay, come of wealth avenue,
where I lived many a hundred years ago.
Well, I loved Boston, back in the day.
Man, I loved it.
Anyway, he was born in Boston,
Max, former NBA basketball player,
who currently works as a broadcaster in England, as you disaid.
The son of an Nigerian father,
he was raised in Stockford, England,
by his English mother, Amichi,
which has spelled AMAECHI.
Moved to the U.S.
to play high school basketball,
St. John's High School in Toledo, Ohio.
Why am I reading this?
And it's of no interest to me,
because he's gay.
That's it.
Well, it fits in with our topic today.
It fits in with John's obsession.
I mean, John, this list of polls,
let me already tell you this list that he sent me a couple of years ago.
Which gay person you most admire we got that today?
We put living.
Who is most annoyingly gay?
What do you think of gay people?
Not that John is trying to tell us something.
I wonder if John's wife is aware.
Maybe there's a side of John that we haven't seen it, you know?
Broadcasting career.
He can be seen covering a weekly NBA basketball game,
aired in the UK on the television channel.
Five of them.
Personal life.
Uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Gay.
In February 2007, it was announced that Amichi would speak about his homosexuality
on the February 11th Division of ESPN's outside the Lions program.
Now, was that this?
Yeah.
Yeah, that was yesterday.
Wow, how did I miss that?
How come you didn't call me up and tell me
you were just fag on TV?
Well, I thought you were still overseas.
I came back Wednesday.
And I'm glad I did.
Look, look, look how well it didn't for my health.
No, I just, I feel better.
I'm a new man today.
He's also scheduled to release a forthcoming book, Man in the Middle,
which discusses his career in life as a closeted professional athlete.
Amichi will be the first NBA players publicly speak about his homosexuality
and joins a very short list of males in professional team sports
who come out of the closet.
The book is titled Man in the Middle,
which they discuss your same life, but they want to tell you again published by ESPN Books.
Amichi's declaration in the book is reported Wednesday, February 7th on ESPN.com.
And he appeared last night yesterday morning.
I'm well, I could have seen that.
And outside the Lions.
Because I didn't go to Woodbine till like noon is yesterday.
So I could have easily watched that if you'd called me up and said,
Hey, you better watch ESPN, whatever it is.
I'll know next time.
Outside the Lions.
Currently a TV person on the England Amichi,
he helps fund Amichi basketball center in Manchester,
which encourages kids to become involved in sports and their communities.
I don't think Amichi's declaration will have any effect on his ability to do that,
since Sid Ziegler, the co-founder of outspourts.com,
a website dedicated to the game for instance in sports.
I wonder if Cam Nellie, I mean Cam Nellie is involved in that.
You will have some people raise an eyebrow, he said.
Uh oh.
Very few male team sports members and none among NBA players have publicly declared their homosexuality.
Among them are former NFL players,
Esserra Tualo.
That's it, right?
Okay, sure.
I'm asking Chris, not you.
Former NFL?
Yeah, Esserra Tualo.
No, I know how else you could say it.
Roy Simmons and Dave Copaith played with the 49ers.
And former Major League Baseball players,
Glenn Burke and Billy Bean.
Oh, watch Billy Bean.
Billy's Bean.
Ziegler said he has read an advanced copy of a Michi's book spoken with him on the telephone.
He gave some insights on Michi's upbringing in England where he was raised by his mother
and felt isolated because of his size and black race.
And then of course turned out to be a...
Wow.
He had some issues as they say.
Don't you love that one?
They say, oh, uh, someone says he got issues.
Who the hell doesn't have issues?
So do you know anybody who has no issues?
No, or tissues.
Maybe snow tissues, yeah.
Especially when you cry a lot, you know, when you're like an overgrown child,
I'm like, yeah.
Remember it, a godfather?
How can we forget?
There's Al Martino cry like an infant.
You cannot do it, you mother.
What the hell?
Yeah, what's the matter with you, you, uh, uh, Maticone?
1042 votes on the pool.
I don't...
I'm...
This pool is so ridiculous, you know.
What do you think?
Which living gay or bi-person do you most of them?
Well, yeah, I should have put myself on there,
but that would be 4039 votes.
I don't have nobody to vote for.
You voted for me?
Sure I did.
You admire me?
I do.
And I thought about it.
I read the whole list.
Pretty interesting to me.
I'm finding out the last couple of ways.
Let me look again at one of my saved messages here.
I just want to read it.
I want to make sure
that I'm not making something up, okay?
Oh, it's respect.
I totally respect you.
Well, as respect is admire the same thing,
not exactly, but they're similar.
Close.
Well, that's good.
And his message was a lot more important than yours,
but nevertheless, no question.
Well, Neil 442.
I hate this pool 106.
Barney Fag 99.
I hate all Fags 67.
What is that?
I hate all Fags.
I mean, you know, it's obviously on the pool,
but what is that?
What do you mean what is that?
I have to say.
See a Fag?
You hate him.
There.
Elton John 62.
Groove at L53.
David Bowie 40.
Can we still play that?
It's only David Bowie?
Huh?
Or why not?
I don't know.
Let's find out.
David Bowie 40.
Martinez got 29.
Gulley Jean Queen, a team has got 23.
If I would step my tongue down your throat,
would we read it on the front page?
Absolutely.
Girls don't satisfy your eye.
Just like to try your own.
You'll bring your lips and rings.
Need a t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t-t.
I hate games.
Down on my knees.
Bagging your sleeves.
I know you're a horrible mind.
I just had enough for that martial soul.
David, check out my behind.
I hate games.
Welcome.
I know.
You're so outdated, Bowie, but I like hell.
But I know.
That's only right, that Bowie, but I like heaven.
Like heaven, you're my dude.
I like him.
But only devil Bowie, but I like him.
But only devil Bowie, but I like him.
Only devil Bowie, but I can't you say.
That this old Bowie has been a lonely.
Yeah.
I'm back.
I know.
A derrick of the show, but she might like him.
Oh, my God.
Oh, it's back.
I know.
Which holy life's a blow, and I like it.
That only devil Bowie, I know.
We were damn puny machines, and never liked that.
Only devil Bowie said, I know.
What I said, no problem.
Well, you didn't, and you have to come back
from Berlin.
Neither one of you asked me that I find my friend from last summer
from World Cup.
We can Berlin.
Neither one of you even asked me that.
Who would be to volunteer that information if you had?
I did not.
It would be the first word.
I know I didn't know if you had.
No, I did not.
Well, probably the ample substitute,
or could though, nevertheless, David Bowie 40,
an ample substitute?
Ample.
Oh, in all ways.
Martini and the Rattell over 29, Billie Jean, King 23,
Madonna 17, the immaterial of bitch, Tom Cruise 17,
Sir Ian McKellen, I'm doing this break.
I got to go out and find that thing.
That movie.
I'll tell you what the name of it is.
And make sure you don't watch it.
14, I'm sure it's him.
Rosie O'Donnell 14, Prince 12, Richard Simmons 10,
Charlie Christie, your gay governor's got eight.
David Gephanate, a six.
Miss Rudge has five.
Miss Hawkeye, a four.
Calvin Klein, three.
A lot of misses on here, you know?
And then there's some near misses.
Charles Nelson Riley, we apologize to Chuck, has got two.
I remember one time a year ago.
I think I was a KAT 100 years ago.
And he was a demis, you know, on the corner of 36 in this game.
I'm sure it's still there.
It's been there a hundred years.
And got drunk at obnoxious night.
Well, it was either him or Paul in.
Maybe it was Paul in.
Charles Nelson Riley too.
If it wasn't you Chuck, well, we can say it's Paul
because he's dead.
Greg Lucenas too, Larry Kramer too, George Michael too.
Oh boy.
From Inther said it said Mickey, Mickey, nickel.
Sorry, Mickey.
Boy George too, Tab 102.
John Amici is got one.
Dave Kope is got one.
And what do Houston?
She's got one.
Oh, wait a minute.
Sorry, I fake out.
I like doing that too.
See the thing I did that in purpose.
Don't let me forget to do this break.
You gotta get that movie.
Certainly more comedy.
And war and you do not waste your time.
Highly touted.
All kinds of awards.
It's sucked.
Very depressing.
David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
Don't go, don't go, don't go.
Where is the love by don't get no problem from folks here?
That's when you go, don't go.
Don't go.
You gotta try fast.
It's that the new sub-motion.
That's when I do it.
Don't go, don't go.
Don't go, don't go.
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop.
Whoop, whoop, WHAT?!
Whoop, whoop, whoop.
It's good Korea struggle.
Look.
It's good you go.
That's so good.
That's so good.
I really had the dead letters.
It's so good.
Never again.
Wood.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
No, did you play that while I was on vacation?
No.
good because I know I overplayed it like right right before I went but I haven't
played it in ages I was talking about the butt song like that a lot and you know
what else I haven't played today which would solve the whole problem about the
scratchy throat oh yeah see you guys
yeah like that but anyway I don't want to do that I'm gonna seize this thing big
time I mean a gigantic season might knock us off the internet again we want
to apologize profusely on behalf of the technically in capacity the
technically challenged engineering department of QAM that are streaming
today maybe this was their way of welcoming me back because they hate me like
poison and you know what too bad 205 dropouts and of course many of the dropouts
are in our sales department 205 on the dropout the factor on our streaming but
last what has it been about I want to have some like that it's been a okay it's
been fine is you are wine aren't you excited no yeah well at least for those
friends and in the sad part of it is we think it like a city in fact isn't
people screaming oh how come we can't did we no no because they're so used to
it now we got them conditioned they know it's QAM they know technically we cannot
get it done just like that sales thing we just had there now how do you like to
be in the middle of a spot and then you realize the spot is older than the
Thuslas grandma and is promoting something that happened 10 days ago how would
you like to be doing that I don't know I feel like I was working here sales
people are ice holes but you know what can I tell you we got a thousand and
sixty out of us which means by the time we get to the top there will be very
close to eleven hundred we might do a twelve today twelve hundred how are you
doing on a poll last week I got to be honest with you I paid probably less
attention even though I was here starting a Wednesday when did I get back
Wednesday afternoon I probably paid less attention to this radio station during
this trip maybe that's why I didn't have such a great time maybe I should have
tuned in from Germany yeah adjusted the time the six hour difference tuned in
listen to your show every day for four hours yeah that's what I would have done
if I was in Germany yeah in between brought words you know but I didn't pay
attention I didn't check out your poll yada I did check out my space page with
our 1192 friends and make sure that I try to answer as much crap as I could
and then the abullion guy next time I'm just gonna delete him he get does he bother
you bothers me I don't care whether you bothers you or not yeah well whatever I
have a you know a thick skin when it comes to being bothered but people no
I'm just not he's an idiot he just bugs me the abullion guy what a
million my ass okay just go away Jerry rhymes with you fair check ass wnaq
a.m. Hello hey there new yes sir I got two things first of all I
quit it's always gonna have a spare yeah you know sometimes I take it with me the
oh for the list for the list how could there not be K.D. Lang on that list I know
that's bad okay he's right right now okay thanks
now you're good I'm if you ever play those I don't do video video arcade games
where you where you get stuff like Walmart cards stuff like that no oh man
those are fun I bet eight cents and I won 16 bucks last night man I got a
one more all right well it has a nice for eight cents that's a lot of money
that's right well listen I'll see if the penny slasks it would buy a nice
gone pali wow I like that he won what 16 bucks see I understand that I have a
very bad habit that I've developed since I started making some serious money
you know several years ago and I don't do it to be condescending to people because
you know you can have all the money in the world and still be a jackass you know
and very often I am but you know but it just like what happened there so 16
bucks to some people represents some usable cash you know he can go out and do
something with that right right yes I don't know what what can do with 16 bucks
I'll figure it out you can go play the dollar wheel of fortune for about a minute
and a half a wood buy mm-hmm you can hit the button let's see 10 5 you're playing
four four times on the five dollar machine you could go to lunch somewhere if you
have lunch for 16 bucks plug that 15 bucks I found at the hotel pharmacy right
but when I was in the case I was thinking about that that was that was amazing
that that guy called in of course the guy was about 400 years old they had to be
see I'm getting that part of my life now where I have to talk to old folks
because they're the only ones that can relate to anything that I remember remember
remember Dave Gareway on me today show of course not you know and Frank Blair
with the news and Jay Mugs Jay Fred by whatever his name was the chin you remember
yeah who before you were born of course not just like you remember how do you do
it's how they do it each time I mean what kind of a what your craft is that you know
with Clara Bell the clown and Mr. Buster and Dayton Allen why not Dayton Allen he was a funny guy
I think he must be that Louis Nye now we're talking to Steve Allen show there used to be some really great stuff on TV
that's why now I guess what was on last night that I was I was aiming it what is that instant messaging it with my buddy Brandon for
me and again once once he gets me going on there I just and I'll blame it on him you know but I'm just as bad
for hours and he says oh family guys on now and so I figured I would have Fox and there's family
I've never seen it before which he was just sure you had I said you that one episode oh no that
was the American dad sorry same thing the same people good show right if you know what about
family guys think that's a good show it's an excellent show well the last night it wasn't oh
it had it had a couple of moments you know but it it was just one of those things and you
shouldn't judge a book by its cover that is we couldn't judge a show by one episode that is
it was it's not really very very fun it was kind of weak it was like really desperately forced humor
and it was just to just or maybe I just wasn't in the mood for a family I was more entertained by watching
the old game shows yeah I'll tell you I know it's seriously match game that's the problem with
taking that pool is that they've just not that many people watch the game show network I think
I like chicken heck and I and the couple of other double were it I think you're it you and
check it out and Brandon that's about it the game show channel so anybody under the age of well
what when did game shows really go off in terms of I mean beat prices right is still on and then
these stupid ass game shows like who wants to be a million area all these other spin-offs crap you
have dealer no deal that garbage but but if you take that pool so it really narrows down to like
people over the age of a hundred like me but match game had to be right up there but I was a great
show it was fun and then we found out where she Dawson was an A-hole and an egotist of the worst
kind and the and they dumped him off the show because he demanded that the end of the show the
contestant would have to pick him for the big bucks and they said hey we'll tell you something
rhymes with that word Richard and they dumped his ass and then he went back to a family
if you're all right there there is he still alive by the way Richard Dawson yeah I think he is
I'll be damned he's pickled yeah he will never need to live a transplant I'll say to that
because he's already got one that's preserved for life for for centuries
179 votes on the poll were doing serious serious work Brook Anderson CNN Hollywood
see I keep catching the ass head of the Grammys last night so good they hadn't seen it I mean
you know I like the bixie chicks having a guts to you know open up a mouth and stand up all these
right wing red next you know I respect them tremendously for that but as far as country music's
concerned I'm just not a country music kind of guys you will know yeah well neither of the
I'll sorry to say yeah they can take that country music and except for a white sport coat in a
pink carnation by Marty Robbins oh I love that song and see a heartbreak by Don Gibson you got that
Steve heartbreak by Don Gibson but I do let's see I had it on a cart at IOD and I'm gonna sneeze
I've been building up this needs for like 10 minutes since I came back from the last break oh
any second I'm gonna sneeze it's gonna blow right through your video
sure it's gonna sound like a lot of noise but it's not
Don Gibson
oh the heartburn oh I'm sorry it's a song
what are you talking about is it don't go down the lot of to get or what because this is president dumb
uh oh shimmy dumb shimmy yeah so anytime I hear this I hear that all about this how can we
forget president dumb shimmy president dumb you know you better watch it or I'm gonna be talking
the tapes every day pretty soon now there's an idea for Jersey Joe Bell what a great idea then
he came in this morning Chris was there you were in there right yes sir and he said to me he said
I got two pieces of good news and bad news the good news is we're glad you're back the bad news is
I'm still here and I thought about it for a second and I thought to myself absolutely
on the not a tumor it's the one to two hour at geico dot com you can get a rate quoting just minutes
it's so easy even the omnis can do it last for me that has injured my character
I could get a geico insurance quote for my buggy if I had electricity or phone or computer
anything else that would steal my soul geico dot com evenly omnis can do it
at geico dot com you can get a rate quoting just minutes it's so easy even the president of the
United States can do it that just hold on there I take separation to where you just said
now I could easily go as you would say online to get uh what were you talking about oh yeah
a quotation on the various forms of the insurance arts so there mission accomplished
geico dot com even the president of the United States can do it even president dumpsterman
how do you like that if he can do it anybody can even like a little child one oh two at five sixty
I'm pretty amazed at myself and very proud and if I'm smart this afternoon two I'm going to go
watch a little tv and lay down okay no I'm going to get some soup some wanton soup man that's
a good idea right that would be good yes it is because any kind of chicken soup which is really
what wontons soup now let me ask you which came first because wonton is the same as creploth
and creploth has the same as ravioli do we have to go through this again I know we've done this
before but tell me who stole what Marco Polo went to china and let's go polo went to town with a
he learned about noodles and macaroni and he brought them back to europe and they were
noodles and got a Russian kugel silk noodles was in once upon a time in america and gunpowder came
from the chinese wasn't noodles James woods yeah yeah here we go anyway go ahead Chinese invented
noodles and everybody else took it from them I see well what's that I could do with creploth and
wontons so noodle what you know noodles and different shapes doh
ready me you start with a Simpsons cap again doh
Paul Krugman writes scary movie too I've got enough voice back I think I can do that
my stuff this hour all right it's like a miracle now you think it was the tea
or you think it was an act of oh god something like that yeah I can actually give a good
grip center I'm making a phenomenal comeback Paul Krugman says attacking around would be a
catastrophic mistake even if all the allegations now being made about Iranian actions in Iraq are
true but it wouldn't be the first catastrophic mistake this administration is made and there are
indications that at the very least a powerful faction of the administration is sporting for a fight
before we get to the apparent war model ring let's talk about the basics are there people in
Iran providing age to factions in Iraq factions that sometimes kill americans as well as other
Iraqis yes probably which you can say the same about Saudi Arabia which is believed to be a major
source of financial support for Sunni insurgents and Sunnis not Iranian back Shiites are still
responsible for most American combat deaths the Bush administration however whether it's close
personal and financial ties to the Saudis has always downplayed Saudi connections to America's
enemies Iran on the other hand which had absolutely no connection to 9-11 was actually quite
helpful to the West in the months after the terrorist attack somehow found itself linked with its
bitter enemy Saddam Hussein as part of the acts of evil or is that the acts of evil so the
administration has always had it in for the Iranian regime now let's do an OJ Simpson if you were
determined to start a war with Iran how would you do it first you'd set up a special intelligence
unit to cook up rationalist for war a good model will be the pentagons now infamous office of
special plans led by Abram Shulski that helped sell the Iraq war with false claims about links
to al-Qaeda sure enough last year Don Rumsfeld set up a new Iranian directorate inside
the pentagons policy shop and last September war and struggle in John Walcott or McClatsy
newspapers were among the few journalists to warn that the administration was hyping evidence
on Iraqi WMD reported the current and former officials said the pentagons Iranian director
has been headed by Abram Shulski next you'd go for a repeat the highly successful strategy
by which scarce stories about the Iraqi threat were disseminated to the public this time however
the assertions wouldn't be about WMD they'd be that Iranian actions are endangering US forces in
Iraq why because there's no way Congress will improve another war resolution but if you can
claim that Iran is doing evil in Iraq you can assert that you don't need authorization to attack
that Congress has already empowered the administration to do whatever is necessary to stabilize
Iraq and by the time the lawyers are finished arguing well the world would be in full swing
finally you'd build up forces in the area both to prepare for the strike and if necessary
to provoke a cases bell I there's president precedent for the idea provocation in
janeway 2003 meeting with prime minister toly Blair the New York Times reported last year
president Bush talked about several ways to provoke a confrontation including a proposal to
pay the United States surveillance plane in the colors of the UN and hopes to draw on fire
in the animus to Bush decided he didn't need to confrontation to start that particular war
but with Iran it's a harder sell so sending several aircraft carrier groups into the
narrow waters of the Persian Gulf where a gulf of Tonkentan peninsula could all too easily happen
might be just the thing okay I hope I'm worrying too much these carrier groups could be going to
the Persian Gulf just as a warning but you have to wonder about the other stuff why would the
Pentagon put someone who got everything wrong on Iraq in charge of intelligence on Iran
law wasn't any official willing to take personal responsibility for the reliability of alleged
evidence of Iranian mischief as opposed to being an anonymous source if the evidence is
solid enough to bear close scrutiny why were all cameras and recording devices including cell
phones banned from yesterday's Baghdad briefing it's still hard to believe that they're really
planning to attack Iran when it's so obvious that another row of the recipe for an even bigger
disaster but remember who's calling the shots dig chainy things we've had enormous successes
in Iraq tell that to all those thousands of dead people all this is the fact that says see I told
you I told you I told you I didn't see it was weak sorry granted it says Uncle Neil you're
absolutely correct absolutely correct about family guy last night I'm a big fan of the show but
last night's show was really weak weak also speaking of American dad is it me or does it sound does
the alien sound like someone doing a Paul in impression the alien is Paul and it's not accidental
I mean not the actual Paul in but that's who he's supposed to be oh I see
he's supposed to be Paul in you understand Paul in did you know a character on D witch so now
yeah doing a character on the family guy he just happens to be an alien oh I'm be
witched oh I love that oh it's called their dead right there's oh I'm not here
excuse me a lot but my nose on my ear oh that's bad
so hold on cast is that see those are the good days man I dream of genie be witch
a lot of good stuff I don't want to be one of those old funny deadies it's all the
old days everything was so much better than the release well some stuff wasn't some stuff was not
not because we say everything was good some stuff was a lot worse than we thought was
they're like TV show there you go what do we got not a compared to Ivy even you even you'd
have to admit that that was a good show I love that show and that's just because they showed
Barbara Eden's naval I love Barbara Eden I'll claim it to her coffin now but you would
now I'll tell you who I actually liked when he was on that show because he was a younger and
living and breathing like how many Nelson yeah I was the name Larry Hagman he's a good character
actor kind of guy then of course he was on Dallas which you know it's funny because for me a guy
that's why it's guiding life for about a hundred years and watched passions there for a while
and look at ridiculous and it's going off there anyway but I'm not one of those guys being the
old fact that I am who worries about watching soap operas but those nighttime soap operas they were
crap like Dallas I mean it was the big oh everybody made a big deal who shot J.R. down all I
crap who cares did you watch that show no no sir I watched Falcon Christ you want to know why
was it because it runs alamus that is correct what I knew you'd be very upset too bad I only
didn't like ugly hairy guys I got news for when he was on that show he was not ugly and he was
not hairy what makes you think he's hairy you look at the guy's again I got news for a man
Lorenzo Larmacy back in the day yeah was as pretty as any man on the face of the globe okay
Lorenzo Larmus my butt yeah I noticed a similarity yeah you just don't you hate him so naturally
you're not going to say anything good about him no it's like people that hate Tom Brady they're
not going to say he's a great-looking guy they're going to find every excuse to pick out a pick at his
butt you know like Moe used to pick at his butt I'm sure glad I never got the opportunity to witness
that that to me I just I just can't even envision it you know the old Dingelbury man
haha remember that song by Bobby Helms Dingelbury rock 1101 on the pull we got 1100 I thought we
were going to get to 12 but I guess not maybe because I'm not in a good vote shade today my
voice is I don't have a single berry rock but I have this Bobby Helms you are my special angel
yeah that's all I got that's a record and I would guess like maybe 1960 wow let's talk up
I don't have a date oh for that wow that's Bobby Helms who did Dingelbury rock I basically
that was one of my most favorite hey Moe have a great day Moe or not is the case maybe he's listening
I'm going to tell you something and I like I said this last vacation really sucked it was
disappointing to me and I sat over there by myself at times thinking you know I mean you can
have a good time doing certain you know perverted things and whatever and I did but it just got really
ponderous and I sat there thinking to myself this is not a good idea this was a mistake but I will
say this compared to sitting around in Boka listening to WQAM or anything else on the radio all day
and that that being my life that would be the ultimate of I have no idea I just I would just blow
my brains out I would step right out here on my patio I can do it right from here I'd have to
kind of do a little dance around the board but if I got myself hurt what there instead of me you know
if I'm gonna jump from nine floors I'd open up the window and I would just do a little tap dance
right out there in the balcony and flop right over the edge hope nobody gets hurt was an action
nobody got hurt except me so turn the radio off no go out there and play the little golf there's
the pissed off caveman you guys have struggled to adapt yeah right walking out right discovering
fire and venting the wheel how about discovering a razor would be a good idea to it man he's a
little on the shaggy side let me know four on a pole it's game Monday on QAM
welcome to your audio tutorial of how to be a general manager waiting in with lesson one talking
out both sides of your mouth right side oh oh oh right show George lively and fun
that's the kind of radio I want to hear wrong side stick with sports a silly little Cuban bastard
I'd like to rip out your throat right side anything you need George just ask oh I got your back
fellow wrong side now wouldn't give you to sweat off our seer sucker underwear you
went as sports anarchist right side George I can assure you we're doing everything we possibly
can to make sure you're paid on time wrong side you'll get paid when we're damn well ready
poke you actually think we made all this money by paying our bills right side
I can just love your words George you'll have a job with us as long as you like one big happy
family here why I might even promote your summer show wrong side that chance that'll happen
yes sports eight and spick unless you get up and talk sports when that new leaves outgrow your
kind of just right out the window listen to how do you eat sushi without smelling your figures
all right wow that's very special one eighteen and five sixty here the great comeback I've
made today you know one thing I've told you in the past and the one thing I will pat myself
although it hurts on the back a little bit I am resilient if not I mean of course I'm legendary
but I'm a great um-hmm like so do I'm like that gooey springy I always bounce back no matter what the
uh adversarial situation whether it's the show whether it's uh things in my life whether it's my
online neurosis whatever it is that's going on always to make a comeback I always uh yeah that's
why I'm still here that's why I'm legendary oh you and Macaskill writes on the in the guardian
UK see if it's in the guardian and the independence probably true despite denials pentagon plans for
possible attack on nuclear sites in Iran are well advanced to the the long article I won't read
the whole thing by the way can you find out from me can you go grab Josh quarters by the neck
and find out how come he only had like three stories on our website yesterday and only like eight
today we I know I said a lot more than that right in 30 seconds he'll come through the doors probably
is he right now yeah well that's right it'll be are they underlay in the hallway why the hell would
that be why are they listening on the internet you need delay in the hallway they don't play our
audio in the hallway you remember that they're playing that pornographic stuff from power
nice and anything in our hallways I see you don't almost think that we were in a radio business not
what so I don't see Josh quarters coming in there yet maybe he's out the lunch I thought you'd
just say he was walking in the hallway I mean no he's listening he's when he does his computer work
in the other room there by sitting to the show and headphones well what the hell is it going to
ask the internet what happened with all the stories now you only send three stories on
Sunday that is not correct I sent about 10 right and I sent him at least a dozen for today and we
got eight I don't know maybe he's been busy you know maybe he's been getting real lucky with his
Russian girlfriend maybe the vodka shipman came in I don't know what it is and I sure don't want
to be picking on Josh because he's a good guy and secondly his flavor way broken he's pretty he's
pretty p.o. about it he sent a message on our my space page and it was a cantankerous we like
downright livid like yeah you got like wow it's not my fault mine's still working how about yours yeah
works like a charm sure Josh is not at his desk he's probably out to lunch one 20 probably if he
left like 1115 that's only two hours and five minutes so far he's got another couple hours to go
on at lunch break can I get back to this article it's got a great ugly it's got an ugly picture of
condoliza on here of course any picture of her is an ugly picture US preparations for an
air strike against Iran are an advanced stage in spite of repeated public denials by the Bush
administration according to informed sources in Washington the president of military build up
in the Gulf of La Vie U.S. to mount an attack by the spring but the sources said that if there
wasn't a fact it was more likely next year just before mr. Bush leaves orifice I don't know
why the harm thinking about this Kevin crew take your seats I did that guy he just kills me
those ducks pilots hey here Josh I'll get back to this momentarily by the way Josh say a prayer
because I have a cold okay I just said it okay but we'll put it on I know seriously so George and
I are just wondering about the stories that you have some probably wondering Neil is oh yeah I
know George only sent me three and that's all I got from you I put up the stories that are sent to me
if you didn't know that already whoa so that's what I did well think I like how about Josh man he
doesn't hold back no that's what I did right up so yeah he just lays it right out there in the line
he's not going to take any BS he's not going to lie which by the way you only have to send me the lamp
that would be appreciated you don't have to buy me a new flavor way if I could try to tell him that
you told me that you were going to do that for me and George that's why actually I I wrote you that
um I'm gonna know you know you were in hospital I was just pissed that ruins my life I used that
every day well me too I use mine virtually every day although today when the show ends I'm gonna
make me some of my low carb pasta mmmb I still have pasta with a couple of weenies sliced up in the
sauce but anyway I could I guess I could cook the weenies on the but you don't have to when you cook
them in the sauce so I'll I'll do is this afternoon since I'm gonna be resting my voice and just
the rest of the big time I'm gonna go on there and find the the lamp and I will send it straight
to your ass how's that that'd be great don't burn yourself I won't now what we're just gonna ask
him so in other words George lied he only sent you three stories you know see this kind of
stuff that goes on George not only talks about me behind my back that's right I'm talking about
you behind your back I only said that phone but then I said that phone had I said him at least
it doesn't didn't he say that Chris I said him a dozen stories he said he said like two dozen
every day nothing he's gone on the show anymore I want to send back him as much as possible
well he's not gonna get that much of the free food anymore are you still coming around for the
free food I hope you damn right I am good I'm getting that how he's excellent and one about Wednesday
what's gonna happen this Wednesday this Valentine's Day is Charlie gonna take care of you guys
are not because if not I'm gonna have to bitch out Duff I don't know what happened to that girl
Duff came through on Friday with the suit man that's gonna all be with Charlie okay I want you guys
to be Charlie what's the big deal with big camper if he's any more food he's gonna
waste fluid like the Humper now what were you telling me about the Humper was picking on
and Nicole Smith and said she was a big fat cow or something like that that's what he said
big fat yeah so big fat I said the same thing I'm a fat cow I mean just because you're
fat does mean you can't pick on somebody else who's fat no no my point is and Bokobroi made
the same reference in the goodbye end and a cold bit she hasn't been fat for a long time now
yeah but that's how we remember and instead of being diet really worked yeah yeah really
works like a charm was a killer yeah I still say her son worked pretty good good about three
four years ago I know these things trust me I know all but not as good as the weather man know that
what was his name Nick look a key man oh man where they get these cute weather guys on CNN all the
classic queens are gonna start watching the weather on CNN now you'll see can I get back to the
outer car we done with you Joshua what I'll take care of that today for it does he go on no he's
still here he's just afraid to get on the mic again I'm just lingering around what means they're
afraid to get on the mic again what else you haven't been afraid you guys you're just the same
as I get them to yeah what's going on here you guys hate me now
love you sweetheart thank I don't love you you're good I already told you this when you left
the show I don't love you I like you you're a good guy okay thank you and you don't want me to
love you okay yeah be a little scary thank you well why would it be scary if I said I love you
as a friend I have what I listen I just just go away I'm leaving I have no problem in my in my
earlier days I just I'm just not that kind of a person you know George knows better than anybody I'm
touchy feeling you huggy oh yeah I just just not me at all mushy no but but now I'm about as
mushy of an old queen who's you know I write I write things to people and I reread them and I think
to myself not only God did I really write that but the other person read it but that's okay because
everybody seems to understand everybody's just fine can I get back to the start of a please
neo conservative especially the Washington based American Enterprise Institute our urging
mr. Bush to open a new front against Iran so to his vice president Dick Cheney the state
department independent on our opposed is our democratic congressman of the overwhelming majority
of republicans the sources said mr. Bush should not yet made a decision the Bush administration
and system military build up is not offensive but aimed at containing Iran and forcing it to
make diplomatic concessions the aim is to persuade Tehran the curb it's just suspect nuclear
weapons program and abandoned ambitions for regional expansion Robert Gates the New US Defense
secretary said yesterday I don't know how many times the president secretary state kind of
Lisa and I've had to repeat that we have no attention of attacking Iran but Vincent canna
strarrow a Washington based intelligence analyst shared the sources assessment that Pentagon planning
was well underway planning is going on despite of public disavowals by Gates targets have been selected
for a bombing campaign to get nuclear sites it is quite advanced the did the military assets to
hear this thing out are being put in place he added we are planning for war it is incredibly dangerous
mr. canna strarrow who worked for the CIA in the national security council stress that no
decision had been made last month Bush ordered a second battle group led by the aircraft carrier
us just as John stennis to the Gulf in support of the USS Eisenhower the stennis is due to
arrived in the next 10 days extra us patriot missiles have been sent to the region as well as more
minesweepers in anticipation of Iranian were territorial action and it goes on but a beep but a boop
uh...
because we know damn well they say they're not going to do something that means they're going to do it
alright
right
so why do i about the story
but faster twenty seven
uh...
i think one thing boy he sure has changed as they
no not really
yeah he's just noticed
now he just he just holds nothing back now because he's not in the show anymore so you just really just let's let's
work so to speak we're feels very rush everything in between
he's been tried your breath so beautiful
uh... if you want to fight the fact that has some
need
beautiful
uh... if you want to fight the fact that has some need
because we heard that we can try obesity
uh...
if you're overweight and know that there's a pill but you don't smoke it if you're hungry we're not joking have some
weed
uh...
do you remember when you used to have some hot
do you wait or he goes by the entire box
uh...
but then it's the stuff that's in the weed and it's a new technology
there's a pill that makes your hunger want to stop
uh...
if you want to fight the fact that there's ever one
uh...
okay i'm stalling because i'm pretty something
my pretty is actually work here
good news is i guess you probably talk about it here the fact that that fact
uh...
we have two days
unfortunately the tone of
uh...
uh... if you would have left it up to me if i would have been around the head
of the center since you are always got several spheres
i see
i would make the uh... station pay for these
well good
i don't make them pay for my crap because i don't want to be uh... be hold on them
whatever that means be holding something quite to do this story either hold it
photo show and in a close mith and beg with bahamas minister
say that's why that
option was on the pole i was that line was pleased
uh...
he
one of the worst things you can do is walk around and see somebody with a running
nose and oh yeah
like a little kid i mean like an adult
god i hate that
nasty but i'm doing much better now i say some almost like me
because i'm a survivor remember that at the monkey's i'm a survivor's nothing
the summer's i'm a believer well whatever i'm a believer
excuse me i knew that
i knew his paper published two photographs on his front page today
showing and in a cold smith lying in bed fully clotted in a romantic embrace
with the behavior in immigration minister who approved a application for
permanent residency
immigration minister shane jibson i guess i was that's how they expedite the
procedure over there
as come under criticism from the political opposition for giving the former
playboy playmate special treatment a great smith resident in bahamas last
smith died thursday in florida and gave george a lot of material
and were very very grateful for that
i think that would have been answered the poll question
thanks for the material
bitch the residency application was based on smith's purported ownership of
a waterfront mansion but jiband Thompson
a soft carolina developer once dated smith like like just about everybody
as said he hadn't given smith the house as a gift as her lawyers have asserted
Thompson's attempting to reclaim the house
a representative of an enclosed companion howard case stern
scrambled today to control dissemination of items he said we're still in from
the mansion over the weekend before he returned from florida
including images from a computer taken from the house
one rail stern spokesman said in the statement today that anyone to disseminate
any data as well as private and consent will be held liable to the fullest
extent of the law rail said police have recovered all the missing
property
oh god purple
two photographs published on the front page of the attribute of mass australism
and gifson looking into each other's eyes with their faces only a couple of
inches apart while i'm in a bed decorated with pink flowers and a white ribbon
a white sport code of pink carnation marty ravens more view had that i would
i would have it played it before you do don't have to kiss me
long distance maybe you get the germine catch the cold that'll teach you
you don't have it i have al passel and don't work i get out of here you don't have it
so before the newspaper said the photographs were taken in smiths bedroom
and i obtained the pictures yesterday from an unidentified source
opposition leader he wrote ingraham i wonder if he's getting a day of ingraham
who keeps getting lost out of pomp and apart
opposition leader he wrote ingraham said he was looking into the matter i'm
making some inquiries ingraham told the a and p
all smiths personal items through the birth certificate of her five-month-old
daughter now who was saying to me um
yesterday i don't know i have no idea i've been talking to so many people for so
many hours the past week i can't even keep track
somebody suggested that um it's being speculated that the father of aninacles
baby was the son oh yeah that's one of the many rumors tripping around well
i'm not really love that's the blonde guy it's that larry burkett guy who is uh
you know suing to uh to have the paternity test done that's that's the dead
nebrally how do you know we are there god told me
all smiths personal items including the birth certificate of her five-month-old
daughter whose paternity is being disputed by three men have been taken from the
house real set stern over the weekend we claim the Bahamas mansion along with
five-month-old daniel and hope marshall stern they lived in the gated water for
the state known as horizons before smith died it is last week
stern said he's trying to keep some other virgy arthur who traveled from the
united states and went to the gates of the mansion on sunday from seeing
daniel in she just despised that woman's turned told entertainment tonight
as long as i have one breath left in my body that woman will not see daniel in he
added my same her name right the kid daniel in i don't know daniel and daniel out of
no arthur told abie why am i asking you you know i'm looking i'm looking at it here from that
stupid i can't read off the page what am i here doing the show for okay i'm a little
in coherent but i'm doing just fine just fine is why arthur told abc's good morning
american that she fears for daniel in safety point out that stern has been present
when smith's twenty-year-old son daniel smith died under mysterious circumstances
and they beham his hospital room office and his mother days after daniel and was born
he was twenty-f that he was twenty-one
well whatever he was he was whatever at that point he wasn't looking too good and i'm
sure at this point he's not looking really good at all all i maybe check it out
of course at least they don't write away let me put you that way you're never rejected by a stiff
you know i'm saying a corner hired by smith's family said daniel died in September from a lethal
combination of drugs including methadone and he coisted with death his kids will begin march 27
but are sure taken her sweet time aren't they march 27 how about 16 weeks from a circus how does
that sound oh and by the way isn't ever we got poor him coming up pretty soon i guess it's the
first week in march we already figured out
didn't we that's what i thought yeah i think i just mentioned that for all your home
attention over and don't get the a little pink triangles and a little a grotesque hard brick ones
get the nice big fluffy ones with a poppy seed frilly
mmm anyway stern is listed on the birth certificate as daniel and father but two other
men have challenged the claim she was doing everybody man she was like a human pink cushion
a former boyfriend Larry Birkhead has filed a lawsuit claiming he is the father
Arthur backs his claim on friday prince federick found a in halt the husband of actor jager
gudard gabor announced he had a decade long affair with her he may be the father
everybody's the father the new architect in his report that a manuscript of the paint says smith
froze the sperm of her late 90-year-old husband texas oil tycoon jay Howard martial lectured before
his death and may have used that to become pregnant she was like just like sally fits man
she was full of it whatever it was she was full of it since marshals death in 95
smith have been waging a court battle over his estate see this is good this is good because now
we don't have to worry about experts say that a decision of receipts custody could determine
the child's inheritance because she was originally awarded 474 million and then it was overturned
and by the beep that a boop at about inch ad there's another kid's whoever's left all the
graver i was going to go to court to try to grab her money so maybe it's a good thing matter
some the 20-year-old kid maybe he's dead you know the maybe that's not so bad because
he would have wound up in court and got all stressed out right right
who wants 474 million dollars anyway for christ's what are you going to do with that i'll take it
let me say again don't be making any plans on retiring all right that that's the one good thing
from what i mean there are a couple of good things but
i'm my trip last week but i learned a really valuable lesson don't be thinking about all this
early retirement and how great it's going to be and you're going to travel the world it's it's
a you know traveling is fun and you really need to see the rest of the world if you want to know
anything about life rohoma amstadam a berlin a kopenhagen all these places stuck home but
after a while it gets a little pondress you know it gets a little bit tedious but you want to know
being the world traveler that you are oh yeah well christ at least has been in Boston
yep we can see that i've been in lots of places just nowhere overseas
you know i i think the beginning i haven't i haven't played it in ages
do i have time to yeah i love it
minnesota but the little Toronto win slow stress so the rich adults are on the whole from the town
the panorama battle a lot but we're gonna south carolina and open a home and there is
ona and on the kona and you're back to go and take this to New York
i'm in it where man i've been everywhere man we're going to california and New York we're going
to south to go to and Oregon and i'm in it my year man i've been everywhere
i've heard the kona i've been back to go in the Boston Charles from date to the knees and then
Oregon we're gonna california and Texas and if any soloples and blimrod black rock litter
rock austin we're going to south to go and make a game and let's devils make greater
let's keep safe i've been everywhere man i've been everywhere man
i've been everywhere man i've been everywhere man we're going to wash it in these
even take that away house
i'm all the time live in chicago
oh bro
so what happened to jade chicale and she's today to talk about it please welcome day
what's happened baby i'm glad you're here everybody wants to know why did you walk away
from fifty million dollars i was already in somewhere
explained uh that was a little positive
i don't think i'd yeah we're on drugs yeah you lost your mind that's what i was thinking
you went into a mental institution you're right
fifty million dollars i don't want the money you are absolutely crazy i'm insane
yeah they're trying to shoot me and i'll be right back
okay 13.0.2 a quay i mean i got my voice back now i sound really great and out
of time to get out of here that's good sure enough that's a good old man for tomorrow
then i'll be back well i wouldn't want Joe to have to decide whether to put you on again tomorrow
or put some tape sign you know we don't want to put him in that position no well i
want what position would you like to put him in promo look at that it's going to be all the
way up to minus five today it's not too bad now what is minus five Celsius what is that about 26 25
you got your don't you have your thing there oh that thing yeah take a look at that thing
that again minus five Celsius wow minus five that's uh 24 there close like 22
minus 20 wow that is and that's going to be the high bit of it although tonight it's going
to be minus 14 i don't want to we don't have any snow that's a good part i think i got it back
a little more key it's just five love 144 votes we're going to make trouble today at christford
lean on it but he was too busy picking on Josh quarters i think i think Josh would yeah i don't
know what it is maybe i'm wrong about this i think he wants me to say to him i love you you know i
mean i don't i don't love him i mean i like him he's a good guy but you you can't love everybody you
know i think he wants to hear that i mean and of course you'll put on the big act that he doesn't
want to hear oh gee like unclean like it's some fact thing with me i don't love you jolly and
he's very happy with that he says i think he wants me to say love you man i won't do it because i'd be
lying you only got so much love to spread around you know i'm talking you got other stuff to
spread around but that's not always love 144 votes on the pool which living gay person or by
you miss the most you miss the most you admire the most i'll tell you what i miss the most oh
god but anyway didn't find him name you know something maybe i would have a better time if i
went back this week and did look a little further you a little more deeply anyway which living
gayer by person you admire the most kneel 477 where they just love this legendary old queen
you see that business about well why did you come out of the closet wasn't that a bad mistake
look look it got me like admired here by all these people they admire they respect they love
they don't want it you know be near me or touch me but nevertheless i hate this pool 115
10% hate to pull well too bad Barney frank 106 i hate all fags 75 6.5% of the audience hates all
fags which i guess includes me but they're listening figure finger that one out
elton john 69 grove it all 61 David Bowie 43 how come we didn't put Mick Jagger on here he's by
i don't know put him on put him on her Mick Jagger martin never artel over 32 Billie Jean
king 20th how do you like that 26 we got those two side by each and i better wouldn't be the
first time either Tommy Cruz 18 Tommy you fairy do you know what i saw in going into the city from
the airport from teagull airport when i got the Berlin cab is taking me it's a Saturday morning
streets are quiet and i saw a huge church of Scientology building trick of a whole block huge
and i'm like and you oh i'm gonna do it right now play some music and i'll read the
poll again i'm gonna get that movie that's your e in the column for please damn CD player
my bad what what it's not in the phones in home oh sweet sweet here after never heard of it get out
of here so 1997 Academy Award nominee best director best of that good screenplay and on the
DVD box it says the best film of the year according to Kenneth Turan of the LA Times
Stephen hold the New York Times film Adams of the post and John Anderson of the
Newsday they all say was the best film on 97 it's been a pretty crappy year for movies the sweet
here after a film by Adam a goyenne or is that a goyenne following a tragic school bus accident
opportunistic lawyer Michael Stevens e in home who was in the madness of George in the fifth
element the sends upon a small town with promises of recognition on behalf of grieving community
students had to work on a class action lawsuit but beneath the town's plastic surface he discovers
a tangled skin of deceit and forbidden desire and mirrors his own trouble a life as a daughter's a
crack it everyone it seems has secrets to keep so through a skillful weave of past and present
Academy Award nominee director Adam a goyenne exotica and the adjuster explores the human spirit
its capacity for grief loss and redemption and to make a long story short it's got five stars
from Judy Gerstell of the Toronto star Owen Gieberman of the entertainment weekly says spell binding
to make and it was also the winner of the 1997 can film festival grand pre-award it sucks okay
the sweet here after and and to show you how I try to give a movie a chance
it would be a came on cable after I've watched it I went on both the DVD look I heard
so many good things about it and I watched it on cable again just to make sure that I didn't miss
something you know like what was it all about it's still stuck all right I like that done I'll
take your word for it by the way there's Fred Silverman this is a guy he's like the action line
guy and city pulse TV here in Toronto you know did you see this and we'd see and then there's
a fake upcomatress which you know they're all over South Florida and he had the months ago had
outed this guy and gone here and they got the authorities after him etc so the guy calls him and
says oh I found religion and I love you about a bar you come back eighth ask me anything you want
and so he goes back there and the guy comes out and hits him with the door he opens the door and
slams the nomenclats of fist by with this old guy he's like the action line guy oh here it is
again and you have a dog and I have a dog yeah we should could see it I have and they showed it
on CNN all over the world it was just the reading credit list guys a crazy guy in the cops finally
had to come and take this nut job away this fake optician guy he's throwing snowballs at him
it's a view he didn't see it no I didn't it's a beautiful thing well that's because everybody
here is so civilized and so friendly like I told you sometimes so like I said the sweet here after
when you're when you're in your own here after that be a good time to go watch it
but why do you rely not a good idea the majority of women now live without a husband but is
at the right lifestyle for you find out with renta spouse oh this must be my renta spouse
oh what a lousy day but it's gonna get a hell lot better after a healthy one where's it can
first door on the right backstarts hey I'm starving what's been getting there
going renta spouse helps remind you why you're single in the first place
who gets some better magazines were you okay um for dinner I thought I'd make us a low fat and
veggie stir fry gotta take a rain check baby I'm going to the bar to watch the game of the guys you
got any money uh yeah let me get my purse hey that purse new how much did that damn thing cost
renta spouse just in case you had any doubts I'm taking your car don't wait up bye bye bye
