Take the kill Nicole.
TVS, the home of reality TV, presents a new scene that has it all.
Sex, danger, and lots of thimbles in the team.
Plus, one notorious expert-fall player is O.J. I'ma...
We've taken a dozen thirty-five to forty-year-old blonde ex-white attendants and drop them on a desert island with O.J.
The moon raided, the flag brawl stranded here together.
All they have to survive is one night and one kilo, and with a surprise or gone, there go.
That's when the real challenge of O.J. Island began.
Go, go. What do you mean it's all go?
O.J. Island, one kilo, one night, eleven bin boats, and with a golf course in sight, who will survive?
O.J. Island, come once tonight to CDS.
Hey, it's 1002 at 560 WQAM.
Tuesday, September 18th for those who keep track such things.
Do you keep track?
No. No. You better start.
Alright.
Because I understand our days are numbered. I'm not talking about on the show.
I'm just talking about as far as human beings. You know, your days are numbered.
So might as well enjoy every one of them. Things are coming up roses, baby.
Hmm, you smell it? I smell something.
Now, the O.J. thing, it's all O.J.
Well, all of it on one side. Do you have a crystal on it? It's a lost bag. It's a small, a crystal.
There you go. All O.J. all the time. And why the hell not?
Family of Ron Goldman this morning. The Goldman's going to...
It's all O.J. and the Goldman's and the Brown's and the Black's and the Greens and the Purple's and all of these things.
Right? Right.
Now, what were you either hear about? O.J. or a Britney Spears or a Lindsay Lohan or Howard K. Smith and the other goofball.
And in a cool and what's the other guy's name?
The guy that was Dittlin Howard K. Smith kissing him on the lips and loosing him and st-
Oh, Larry Birkhead.
Yeah, Larry Birkhead. That's very lucky.
Don't be a jerkhead. It's Larry Birkhead.
Anyway, O.J. is still in the slammer. He's, by the way, an isolation. That's the bad news.
Are you aware of that?
I am.
He's not in there with a general population. He's all by his self.
Which is not a good thing because if he was in with a general population, some of them generals might be a little pissed off at some murdering bastard
who killed his wife and some other guy.
So here's our O.J. poll and just, oh, there's our good close personal friend Susan Canteyati with that Taser Kid story.
That's another horrible story.
I think, yes, there is somebody action plan. In fact, at noon time today, some students who disagree with what happened are planning a protest to march over to the campus police department.
Oh, fascist, freaking countryman.
And the other kid was ugly as hell, but never left.
Do it by taisering a university of Florida student who just would shut up Andrew Meyer at a student forum with Senator John Kerry, peppering him with questions.
Let's take a look. Body camera is rolling when this happened. Listen.
Get the f*** out of here, man. I didn't tell you anything.
Take the f*** out of me, bro. Don't tell me. I didn't tell you anything.
Ow! Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
Ow!
He keeps saying he didn't do anything, but not shutting up and doing something.
Yeah, I'd do it again.
Okay, I said, who cares?
That's America, baby. You can't speak your mind.
And if he was refusing to shut up, they'd just drag him out of there. What do they have to taser him for?
About three of them.
They've got all that money on those taisers.
He don't look like any big macho stud to me. He looks like some kind of a woost to me. But at any rate, that's just America.
We're going to show you a thing or two. At least it's better than Kent State.
When we're using bullets, you know, that's not sure we're very effective, yeah.
Anyway, here's the pool today. What's in this just fries my fad old ass.
What's your take on O. J. Simpson? 935 oats already.
Of course, we started one 30 yesterday in the middle of the show to get the other horrible pool off of this. Sorry, Brandy, but it was a pretty weak.
And I'm actually using one of Charlie Beans for tomorrow. One of the music pools.
But, you know, a couple of those that have been okay. But Charlie, every artist who has ever born,
I mean, that's just a cop out and he didn't send anything else today. But either did he.
I got no email from him, right? Am I correct? You are.
Yeah. Because you're out of material, Charlie.
Just take the whole billboard book with every artist who was ever born.
What's your favorite Mickey and Sylvia song?
Other than love is strange. What's your favorite?
What's your favorite song by Larry Williams? Short, fat, fanny. I got all those here somewhere.
What's your take on O. J. Simpson? 942 votes. We're going to have a thousand before the cows come home.
And Chris is mighty pleased about that. He loves getting a thousand votes.
Oh, yeah. So what was the story with the clearance in your 18 hours?
You're going to be working Thursday covering the board on Mad Dog and on a hurry-king game.
And that's the thing. Do you get that straight now?
Maybe. I'm not sure. I mean, I wanted to say, okay, I said Thursday.
So I'm working two to 12. And then it says, you know, what's his name?
Gryper's working two to 12. It's like so. I wanted you to show or would Gryper be able to run the
manage show? I have like an hour and a half where I'm not on the board.
It kind of looked at me for a couple of seconds and then he's like, um, okay, that's a good question.
You're an excellent tough question. Don't you understand?
Where there's no sense, there's no feeling. And by the way, speaking of no five sounds in a row.
Yeah, we'll back to that again. Because the clearance is allegedly all of them.
I'm sure it's far way of choice. Bad ass, jolly.
I guarantee there's plenty of fart sounds in jolly. Joys life mostly coming from his bad ass.
But anyway, 945 votes. What's your take on O.J. Simpson?
He's pure scum 274. I hope he rocks in jail 263. I hope they kill him in jail 241.
Wow. I hate him like poison, 64.
And then we get to these three categories here, which, you know, I mean, I put them on there.
I put these categories on, which you have to do it to be fair, I guess.
Don't we want to be fair? No. He's misunderstood 52.
Well, what the hell does that mean? I mean, I know I put that under because I created a fool.
I don't know. Maybe his English ain't so good. So I can't understand.
He misunderstood 52. Well, speaking of the English O.J. you idiot.
I'm a huge fan, 41, 4.3% of a huge fan. And I'm a fan, 10, not huge, but like ordinary size.
So we got 51 people who are either like huge fans or fans.
And another 52 state misunderstood. So that's like about 11%, 10 or 11% who would like our suck it up making excuses.
These are the same people. These are the people. Listen to the sports shows on this station and listen across the street.
Those are the people, the O.J. liakers.
Oh, give me the ball. Give me the ball. He was a great running back. O.J. Oh, he ain't even so good in those movies.
And those tragedy movies. Those disaster movies. If O.J. was in it, like I said yesterday, it was a disaster.
I wasn't towering in Fernel. One of them, I'm pretty sure. I don't quite.
I'd have to wait for like a little kid when I saw that.
But towering in Fernel. Yeah.
So we got 940. I bet you if I click 957, wow.
I'm a huge fan, 41. We'd like to take a huge fan and stick your head in it. A ceiling fan.
Or an electric fan. Just stick your head in and see if we can't grind up some brains for you idiots.
Anyway, we got a celebrity death. Let's forget about O.J. from Inter to if we can. Can we do it? No.
And I don't want to play a whole bunch of O.J. bits again like yesterday, especially that one, which you didn't warn me about where...
Oh, chicken or something.
Which one was that? Let's play it.
All of them. Yeah, let's play them all and then we'll figure out which one it was again.
Don't take my art. My art. So yeah.
I don't know what that which one it's called. O.J.'s man.
I don't know.
O.J. Fox is not going to show your film if I did it.
What did they say when they broke the news to you?
What are you doing? You can't do this.
You've got some other projects here that you'd like our network to look at.
All right. Let's look.
O.J. Simpson, if I didn't do it.
If I stole it, you know, they were talking about that last night, real clever.
If I stole it, if I do it.
Here's the celebrity death, bad news, and thanks to Felix, the cat or whatever his name is, Sean, they're on the Myspace.
Actress and comedian Brett Summers.
Oh my God.
Well, Mewes' Game Show fans were their clips on the match game in the 1970s.
His daughter, son, said she was 83.
I don't think she was amusing with her clips. I think she was amusing because she was such a bitch.
Uh-huh.
Is that why we liked her? Sure.
Hateful bitch.
I know.
I was to make fun of her and drag on her and just rip her an ass and especially Charles.
You notice he died and then she died.
How long ago did he die?
Google it, little bit.
Charles Nelson Riley.
Chris, can you handle it?
Google it.
Well, it was only last two, three months maybe.
Goodbye, Charles.
And now we've got goodbye, Brett Summers.
And I'm sure there are going to be a lot of tears from chicken.
May 25th.
May 25th.
Wow. How long, girl?
Let's see June, July, August, almost four months ago.
Hmm.
And how she croaks.
Brett Summers died Saturday at her home in Westport, Connecticut of Stomach and Colum cancer, Adam
Kugman said yesterday.
Hosted by Gene Rayburn, the match game was the top game show during much of the 70s.
Contestants were tried to match answers to nonsense questions with the panel of celebrities.
Most of the humor came from the race equips and put down.
Show us from the 1973 to 1979 run of featuring regulars like Summers, Richard Dawson and Charles
Nelson Marley are still seeing on cable TVs game show network.
GSN, formerly game show now, excuse me.
Do you watch GSN?
No.
I would have liked to if I could find it on my cable.
Every now and then I accidentally trip across it.
On Saturday, this Saturday, GSN will hold a tribute show showcased in many of Brett Summers'
funniest appearances on the show.
How do you like that?
Summers married actor Jack Kugman who was later to be star of the television show's Quincy and the Odd
Apple in 1953, the two separated in 1974 but never divorced.
I bet you didn't know that, did you?
No, it didn't care.
No, you're right.
They made many TV appearances as a couple.
Summers appeared on several episodes of the Odd Couple playing the X-Wifle Kugman's character.
In summer 2003, she appeared in a one-woman cabaret show in evening with Brett Summers,
and to which she wrote and co-produced Tony Randall's dead tube, by the way.
That said, I like Tony Randall.
He's a good guy.
An evening with Brett Summers, which he wrote and co-produced, she continued to perform
even after being diagnosed with cancer.
She was born Audrey Johnston, a new Burnswick candidate, and grew up in Portland,
Maine.
She ran away from home at the age of 17, headed for New York City.
She changed her first name to Brett after lead female character in an earnest
anyway novel, The Sun Also Rises.
Audrey Johnston.
Summers was her mother's maiden name.
Her son said she was caustic, irreverent, and self-declared bohemian.
She maintained her independence till the end and irreverence.
Adam Kugman said she died very much at peace.
In addition, Adam Kugman, Summers survived by another son, David and a daughter, Leslie.
Well, how do you like that?
Brett Summers is dead, rest in peace.
Charles Nelson Raleigh is dead, and Tony Randall is dead.
And Gene Rayburn is dead for Christ's sake, good, all the dead celebrity panel of people and hosts on the game shows.
Let's try to turn on the game show network.
Maybe during the break I can fiddle around and find it.
And the game show network too.
971 on there, we're getting perilously close to a thousand already.
How do you like that?
We could have left that pool from yesterday on from now until the cows come home and still wouldn't have made a thousand about the old parts.
Don't take that personal brand unless you want to.
That was a horrible pool.
Now what about the one about the, uh, Berger joints?
Do we want to do that again or?
If you really need to kill a pole, you know?
Yeah, well, I'll keep it in my pile just in case we have a desperate day.
Just like all these, uh, what's your favorite song by the, um, 1910 Fruit Gum Company?
Yummy, yummy, yummy, remember that?
I got a looser.
I got something in my tummy.
What?
Love?
I've got it.
Night night.
Gene Rayburn is night night.
That's what bad Gene Rayburn is like.
When the Shane Gene Rayburn is night,
That looks so that Finland, the light of the Gene Rayburn is black.
No one else can do the band's game.
We just know that it's not quite the same.
TVK chose for Pete the same,
Now the Gene Rayburn is black.
Those fearless stars are forever gone.
Like Elaine Joyce and Trude Rooflon,
So we Mitchell and Nathan Reils don't know more than he planned.
Richard Dawson's a background convent,
And Brett Summers the voice track of a,
And never know why George was a dumb,
Now the Gene Rayburn is black.
There won't be a reunion at all.
Charles doesn't hardly admit, see the call?
Won't they play a match game at all?
Now the Gene Rayburn is black.
When white the bells were really hot,
Gene Tide of Mean,
When Sir Not, he's the last guy to wear garter socks on out,
Gene Hammer's playing.
Until the game is ready to take time.
For match, they will have Gene the bank.
But now we can't close Gene,
He's now black.
Gene Rayburn is black.
And his father, Gene wears a white.
On the Gene's self, he's like a white.
And on his human sense,
I leave black.
Everyone else can go that black.
Gene Rayburn is black.
Gene Rayburn is black.
I'm dying on the hearth.
1018 at 5.60 WQAM.
Here's the schedule for today.
Everybody write it down now on your armpit.
Gene managed 2 to 4.
Then the power hour with Humber and Amanda on 4 to 5.
Humber all by himself,
5 to 7, 2 hours today,
a tough assignment.
Marlon's on deck at 705 pregame.
And the Marlon's at Atlanta.
How the Marlon's do last night, Chris?
Yeah, they lost him.
Oh no.
Now they tried to get in and landed not against the Brawlows,
and then the game went with any K after the baseball game.
Let's see, here's the fact that since
Add to the Pool,
having trouble handling fame.
Your current list covers the extremes.
Good or evil,
most of us are in the middle,
including O.J. Brittany,
Spirzland, Zio,
Hanpera, Sulton,
David Hanselhoff, etc.
What does that mean?
Most of us are in the middle?
No, not most of us.
Most of us aren't in the middle.
Most of us are not in the middle about people.
Most of us hate filth and scum.
Most of us either love these people,
or you hate them like poison,
which are more reasonable people would do.
Most of us are in the middle.
Sorry, John, but I don't know.
No, John, sorry, John.
Having trouble handling fame.
I mean, that's kind of amusing, you know.
Maybe most of you jocks nippers.
That's what he means.
He's misunderstood.
Would be the same.
I'm not adding any more categories to the poll.
Can we, here's one for the poll.
Can we, we're on a poll bill today.
Poll bill, things boring.
Poll bill, things boring.
We want everyone to the poll.
Why sure miss those calls?
Not.
You can take your phone calls and stick them
where the moon don't shine.
Maybe I don't want no part of it.
I want to talk to you.
I don't want to smell that phone.
I don't want to sniff it.
I don't want to squeeze it.
I don't want nothing to do with it.
995 vote.
Boy, before the bottom of the arrow,
I'll have over a thousand.
Now what size is that Thomas?
I don't think it's right for any man
to ever call a woman a bitch.
A bitch.
I didn't do it and I wouldn't do it.
The former executive's lawsuit claims
that she was fired for going public
about Thomas' alleged vulgarity.
Oh my god, he called her bitch.
Oh no.
That's bad.
Not.
What's wrong with that?
If she's a bitch, she deserved to be called a bitch.
Everybody's suing everybody else.
Look at how we got a thousand votes.
Holy moly, man.
And it's only 20 past 10.
How do you like that?
So I think the lesson to be learned here is
start to pull like at 130
while the show is still on for the next day
and do it about OJ.
About OJ?
What do you say OJ?
And of course tomorrow is the big, what do you call it?
The hearing?
Yeah.
The arrangement or whatever it is?
The arrangement. That's it.
That's how I was looking for a rainman.
Definitely.
Thousand votes on here.
What's your take on OJ?
He's pure scum.
296.
He's like our result.
He's pure only a little darker.
I hope he's Watson jailed 273.
I hope they kill him in jail 255.
And then after that, I hate him like poison 68.
Which, you know, it just isn't strong enough of a sentiment
like the other three.
He's misunderstood 56.
Ride.
He am a huge fan 42 and I'm a fan 10 out of a thousand.
I'm a huge fan.
Anybody could be a huge fan of a slime bucket like that.
You need serious, serious help.
Can that be like saying, you know what I'm saying?
I'm a big fan of his.
He was quite a guy.
And I'm 10-bundy.
Am I right?
Yep.
Anybody?
You see what a guy he has.
You know, Jeffrey Dahmer, one of my favorites.
And then David Berkowitz, wow.
Could he put away a meal or two or a red?
David said, you're a dresser too while you're at it.
Yeah.
Oh, like me.
Although this week I'm being dragged to get some clothes.
This week.
Some clothes.
Yeah, it was your old to Shlumpy for somebody.
Oh, well, let me just for myself.
I mean, I brought it up and so I'm going to get flipped around.
I mean, why do I have to keep buying for other people all the time?
How about buying some nice threads for myself?
You know, so I can clean up that wardrobe and get that one guy off my ass.
Wait till you hear this.
Can't wait.
In a brass galomacres, taking his complaints about frivolous lawsuits all the way to the top.
Nebraska State Senator Ernie Chambers is suing God.
A lawsuit against the defenders perpetrated much harm and damage on the human race chamber said on CNN.
Chambers said his frivolous lawsuit against the Lord was meant to protest a suit filed against the Nebraska judge who banned the words rape and victim from woman's rape trial.
Some Nebraska law makers had rented past legislation preventing frivolous lawsuits, but Chambers says anyone should be able to file a lawsuit against anybody else.
The Constitution requires that the court hours doors be open so you cannot prevent the farming of suits Chambers tells the local Fox affiliate.
Anyone can sue anyone they choose, even God.
In his suit chamber seeks an injunction against God, ordering the Debutist to stop natural disasters and terror threats.
Fox News notes that Chambers is not a Christian.
Oh ho ho ho ho, Ernie Chambers.
I wonder what he is.
He's a dark guy.
I'll tell you that.
With a beard, looks like a homeless guy.
Apparently this Omaha Senator, he also skips morning prayers during the legislative session and often criticizes Christians of Fox Hose Note to good I like him.
So apparently this guy is not a man of faith, which is fine, but it's a little unusual that he's suing God.
I don't think he's going to get a response.
The lawsuit notes that Chambers tried several times to contact the defendant.
Plain iftasped reasonable efforts to affect you a personal service upon defendant come out, come out wherever you are.
It's been unable to do so, the suit says.
Hey God, come out, come out wherever you are for Christ's sake.
Oh God.
Wow, he's got a good sense of humor. He's got a good point.
Oh, and look at this.
Michael McKasey.
Here's what it says on top of this facts.
I noticed that even though footy are renounced to be taken over the 90 out to 12 slot on WIOD, he's taking a poll on his website whether he should come back full time.
Oh, how can we compete with footy?
On his own website, a full two thirds of older than he should stay retired and not come back.
Everybody hates him like poison on his own website.
Maybe you should get your audience to free his poll, footystreak.com.
No, we don't want to do that.
We don't want a whole bunch of people saying, retire.
I don't say want to.
At least you'll have good use for that drop in about the worst talk radio being on WIOD.
How do you like that?
Is that incredible or what?
Footy is coming back.
Oh boy.
All these people are retiring.
They just...
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life with.
Can't stay retired.
President Bush nominated an orthodox Jew to be US Attorney General.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Michael McKasey, retired federal judge from New York, is a conservative who criticized Bush administration policies that have kept detainees from consulting with lawyers.
Democrats have praised McKasey and his election represents a shift from Bush's combative defense to the most recent Attorney General Alberto Vio-5 Gonzalez who resigned last month.
McKasey's Jewishness became an issue when the defendant in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing filed a motion remove the judge arguing that his allegiance to fellow Jews in Israel would create a bias against Muslim defendants that motion was dismissed as utterly irrelevant.
McKasey's wife Susan is a former head mistress of the Ramaz-Loris School in Orthodox Jewish School in New York City.
Oh boy.
Farbisson, if confirmed McKasey would be the second Jewish Attorney General, the first Ed Liby served under President Ford, or is that Ed Liby as an Levi Harner, an Elden Harner, all of those.
From Batavia down some Buffalo Raceway, of course.
What if Max Robinson still live? I'm sure he's dead.
Remember, Max Robinson used to call the races of those two trans...
Oh yeah!
What you know, you don't know from track announces me.
You would know Trevor Deadman from that idiot Larry Letterman.
Well, how it then now there's a guy that ought to be dragged away.
They ought to taser his ass, Larry Letterman.
You don't know him either.
No.
The comedian race call, with a very funny and just obnoxious and idiotic.
And I'll create a lot of anti-Semitism just by being alive.
26th, past 10 at QAN.
From Boca.
To To To To.
It's been proof of my internship at the Euratings in Zion now.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to your hand-hout.
You get to find somebody good enough to fill my begging pants?
It ain't easy.
Very no chance I'll have to be coming back.
I'm trying to consider him a little worried and then come direct.
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitter to ground, you're good.
Why?
That's easy.
Sure.
All should be this small.
Go into the corner.
All should be this small.
Go into the corner.
All should be this small.
Go close.
Go close.
Go close.
I'm using your own brain slash only got to the day.
I bet that my ratings have bottomed out in the day.
Which radio has a rebounding story to it?
The day is the law was as we did.
All should be this small.
All should be this small.
Go close.
Oh, they didn't show.
Oh, they didn't show.
Oh, they didn't show.
Oh, they didn't show.
Oh, they didn't show.
I'm going to get my hand in it.
You can find a way something.
Get the call and hit it.
Wow!
Take a look at this, man.
And now what is this website that I stumbled across?
I Googled Footy Show, WIOD.
And this is, I don't know what site this is.
But it's got a poll.
How does the Footy Show compare to Footy's previous daily
shows?
You know how many votes it's got on the poll?
4.
Oh.
One of the votes has given him time.
One says, haven't heard the news show yet.
And two say WIOD, who listens to AM anyway.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
The other choice is better than ever.
We need Kenny.
When I say Kenny, we need Kenny.
Who's Footy?
Not enough music.
Not as good as his daily show.
I don't get up before noon on Saturday.
Oh, this is that Saturday show.
I don't know.
Nobody knows from what it's all about.
But of course that was his Saturday show I get.
Footy.
Now we've got some real stiff competition coming up now.
I want to watch him defeat these.
Oh, that's right.
He's going to be on 850.
One pound for every kill cycle.
850.
The 850 pound monster of the radio air waves dim to feces.
So we got some real stiff like I said competition coming.
University of Florida student, I'm sure you've all seen this by now.
If you've been awake more than five minutes.
University of Florida student was tasered and arrested after trying to ask US Senator John Kerry about the
2004 election, other subject during campus forum in Gainesville at UF.
Maybe he was at FU.
That's what they told him FU sweetheart.
Ow, ow, ow.
That was good.
Let's hear that again.
We're going to get that.
I love it.
Videos of the incident posted on several websites show officers putting Andrew Meyer 21 away from
the microphone after he asked Kerry about impeaching president Bush and whether he and Bush
were both members of the sequence of society sculling bones at the A.A. University.
He apparently asked several questions.
He went on for quite a while then he was asked to stop.
University spokesman Steve Orlando said he had used his allotted time as microphone was
cut off and then he became upset.
As two officers take Meyer by the arms, Kerry of Massachusetts heard the say that's all right.
Let me answer his question.
Audience members applaud and Meyer struggles to escape for several seconds is up to four officers
trying to move him from the room.
Even scary Kerry said leave him alone.
Let me answer the question.
You fascist.
You not see bastards you.
You pigs.
Meyer screams for help and asks what did I do as he tries to break away from officers.
He is forced to the ground officers order him to stop resisting.
Meyer says he'll walk out if the officers let him go.
As Kerry tells the audience he'll answer the student's very important question.
Meyer struggles on the ground and he else at the office is to release him crying out.
Don't tase me bro just before he is tazered.
He's been lit from the room screaming what did I do?
It doesn't mention here by how he's going.
Meyer was charged with resisting and officers are disturbing the piece of coin to align to
a county jail records.
No bond has been set.
He's scheduled to appear in our court later this morning.
It isn't known if Meyer had an attorney but I'm sure that some ambulance chase will
be there in no time at all.
When you think?
I know.
Orlando said university police were conducted internal investigation.
The police department does have a standard procedure for when they use force including
when they use a taser or land.
That's what the internal investigation would address whether the proper procedures were
followed whether the officers acted appropriately which obviously they did not.
There are three of them in one of them and he was like kind of a skinny punk.
Now why the hell didn't they drag him out of their kicking and screaming and just instead
of the taser?
Don't tase me bro.
Don't tase me bro.
They spent all that money on those taser.
Don't tase me bro.
I don't believe you can set it a table with drug companies and insurance companies and
they're lobbyists and negotiate.
I'd sure.
Negotiate.
What a Yahoo!
Who is that John Edward?
Senator Clinton you are the biggest recipient among all the candidates of health care
dollars.
What do you say to people who say this isn't give away to that part of the industry that's
supporting your campaign?
Well all of the critique of that I suppose is politics as usual because the plan of course
does have both an individual and an insurance reform and I think you have to have both.
I'm asking for shared responsibility.
Individuals have to do our part.
Like I said she has one qualification to run for president that is her name is Clinton
she's married to Baba that's her qualification period that's it.
Oh but she's a senator from New York well good for her.
Let me say it again.
Okay how are we doing on that poll Chris?
Well you're under disguised the limit today I'm saying 5,000.
Okay a thousand forty votes already ten forty which I still think is KXEL Waterloo Iowa.
You want to Google that KXEL and see what it comes up is that correct ten forty?
It would be something if I could remember that boy it's almost like remembering your
name when you get to be old.
Let's do that poll about old people.
Fifteen forty KXEL Waterloo.
Waterloo Iowa now what I just said.
Now what I just said Chris are you paying any attention to about the M radio huh?
It's fifteen.
The footy pool now is that other site you still have that thing that you thanks to me
because I'm probably Schmidt Candid about footy.
It's in there.
It's in there where?
The fast machine.
Well grab it please.
Come on do a little something.
It's in the garbage.
Oh come on drag it out of the garbage.
Here's another one.
When a doubt drag it out.
I want that site again so we can free fit footy sucks.com.
Other than he's where to go I don't have it.
Yeah what do you mean you don't have it?
What kind of a lay mass horse balls deal is that I don't have here we go.
Yeah sorry.
What does it say?
Obviously that's that but not that the footy street.com.
Footy street.com what the hell is that mean?
Well you know he's got to know his old street.
Does he really?
Well you know what I'm thinking?
I'm wondering where he is right now as we speak.
And he is on clear street right now.
Yeah all right I thought was footy street.
Ten forty four and a poll.
Okay let's so footy street.com let me type that in okay whistle the tuner something.
Here I got a tune.
Hey Walnut the Fando way.
Huh?
Yeah well I'm there it is.
Get out of there.
The footy show it's all about us footer.
I told you that was soon as he went on a weekend he thought he was going to be.
He's going to knock off that near Roger's.
He's going to show all those students what real radio is all about.
He's going to do a real show.
And a boy footy you do it.
Now let's see should footy stay with tears is weekly online pull should footy stay
retired or come back to the air waves full time.
He's got two choices.
Come back south for that once you back full time or stay retired but keep up the Saturday thing.
Well how's that how about stay retired and get off the year period.
And stay retired but keep up Saturday that's 62 and 3.4% of the vote.
Of course they don't it doesn't show how many votes.
You know what I mean it's probably like 50 right.
Who are you kidding footy 62 and 3.4% of his own polls say stay retired.
Stay on Saturday if you want to if it you know if it gooses up your ego a little bit but retire.
Footy on his own pool and wouldn't surprise me if our people start creeping out like crazy and it goes up to like 89%
62.99% see it's going up retire footy unless of course you like footy you want to be on air and like kick our ass you know 9 to noon wow.
Poor Joe Rose he just came back and he's going to be a huck and he compact compete combat with a footy with without Jason jerk ball whatever that guy's name.
Who's on vacation with on vacation he just started.
That's a hell of a sweet deal all these people that are always on vacation which by the way I think I'm going to do mine about I don't know October 3rd 10th something like in there.
What do you think we'll discuss it before the show tomorrow.
All right we'll see what's convenient for you now when the fed asked they're going on vacation when do you tell me 7 to 14.
Wow well what do I care.
Who's going to be in the wreck is it'll be George and Josh Cortes be sure to tell Josh Cortes no far it sounds according to clearance.
For the other Josh yeah.
Get an email last night from clearance audience probably thinks this is a joke 715 at night my Blackberry buzzes I look at it.
Josh Darrow our program director aka clearance Darrow he says I'm the butt plug on the far it's on the.
Oh do me a favor no more far it sounds thanks up yours clearance.
Well guess what clearance how do you like that well I put in my request but he hasn't even seen it yet.
He hasn't acknowledged it yet.
That's because you're involved with the show don't you understand yet haven't you got the message yet.
That's why you got to work 40 hours on the board without a meal without taking the breath because you've got to be punished because you're associated with this show.
That's the way it is in the sports fraternity known as Clarence's World.
Good bye Josh Nelson Riley.
We rested your head on your favorite bill that you used to fight to help enjoy your underground view.
You'll need a parent concrete chills.
Uh-huh baby platter of rock to kid from floating.
Dumb dog of what so dumb that when she paid a visit to your grave instead of flowers she placed it to pay.
That purple one yourself far enough you would fit in your day when you couldn't say that you were squeezy gay but that's okay.
Since everybody knew anyway.
I'm fatty flat and I live with you what the plan.
Dumb del Louise bread summers and her husband Jack would like to say.
That's the best of all.
Well I'd say the money if fall and you know once upon a time when we had an audience if I gave a website like that and said hey let's treat this and have some fun with it.
He would have had 80,000 votes on there saying we're tired or whatever this says you know what instead I went the other way with a couple of votes and that's it just frozen there.
Now maybe you didn't make it clear enough George let's blame George for it Chris.
Yeah I'll always do that.
Go ahead.
FullyStreet.com I mean how complicated can that be?
I heard.
FullyStreet.com maybe you didn't make it clear enough.
Yeah weekly online pool should Fully and maybe they like Fully or maybe most of our audience don't even have any idea who that is since most of the audience don't listen to why 100 you think that's possible.
63.46% say stay retired and 38.6.5% say come back South Florida wants you back full time Fully.
We want you back Michael Jackson I want you back is singing about.
What do you think FullyStreet.com I mean yeah once upon a time like I said but the audience is a minimal and it's lethargic and it just South Florida for you know.
When I was up to the full of 62.69% there must be a few votes on there you think no and he's also got one of those two for one restaurant deals to Fully's Fines.
Now exciting I guess everybody's doing that but we're nobody's doing it like we are man we saw it out like what about four seconds.
So we'll see if anything happens there on the website if we have any power to motivate the audience and if not we'll just take it as a slap in the face.
And we're not going to do what you say and we don't give a crap about Fully and we got important OJ stuff.
They're sure responded to our poll today you know which is the most important thing isn't it?
That's right.
No I don't think so.
I think the most important thing is to slam oh now it's up to 64 and I don't know we're getting a few votes on there.
Retire! Stay retired you piece of turd you FullyBeloney. Fully.
A-hole. That's not me I never met him but that's the popular one. I wonder what Kenny and Walker would tell you about him.
I'd ask him but you know how that goes.
Oh is Kenny gone?
Well he's about the Bowmeister Kenny and Bowmeister.
Oh yeah.
Bill Gallagher as a column here very short at least it's just a part of it anyway.
The blood on George Bush's hands.
What's about time somebody else said that?
He says it certainly was one of George Bush's worst performances met saying a lot.
Well past his bedtime he spoke to the Nation last Thursday looking in sounding like a sedated automaton,
reading the lines for his latest justification for staying the course in Iraq and telling the American people to consider the preposterous request
to have patience and trust his judgment.
Using General David to betray us in Ambassador Ryan Crocker for convenient cover, Bush assured us that conditions in Iraq are improving
that were ceasing the initiative from the enemy and that the troop surge is working.
The purpose of the surge was to provide breathing time to nurture political stability and national reconciliation in Iraq.
It is a self evident absurdity to suggest that's happening or that they continue to present the U.S. troops
will transform and pacify the society the invasion occupations so thoroughly shattered.
The endless bladder and ridiculous measurements the administration told he's used to claim the surge is working
dogs that compelling salient fact that Bush has no strategy to end his failed in feudal war,
nor does he have any strategy whatsoever for quelling to violence his war of choice unleashed.
Just last month Crocker admitted a rank remains politically torn.
Enacoson, a great length, I'm sure, and Marty article but I'm smirking chimps that's always been.
Just click here for the rest of the article, I'm not going to click there because I'm too busy building that footy should only croak a wicked death.
They hate you footy, baaah!
Of course they hate everybody, why should he be any different?
Are you on there? Did you vote?
No, I guess I should.
Well we're up to 64.67% say stay retired.
I don't know, I don't think we're getting a lot of action on here.
Who knows, maybe there's a thousand votes on there.
Maybe it's going to take a whole bunch of votes to really change it, give up to like 98% to send him a message.
Of course now they'll be calling saying, oh you know that Fag Near Rogers was on the air telling people to vote for you to retire a footy.
And they'll be doing that, you know, kissing his ass as if he's a talk show guy.
All five of them will.
Just like Greg Budell, remember that?
Oh yeah, another guy, another, just a legend in his own mind.
They all hated you Greg, wherever you are. He's in Mississippi somewhere, working at some diner and no doubt.
I wonder if he can come back to the country sterling, sterling country kitchen there, I'm sterling road.
All right, I voted.
You voted?
Yeah.
Well let me refresh this and see how much that changed it.
Won't that be a telltale sign?
That'll be something.
Oh 65.5% so I guess it changed it like almost a whole percent.
So what does that mean?
Means like if he's got five votes on there.
Bye bye footing you jackass, you silly.
You're fair.
Silly goose.
All these people that keep retiring and then they come back.
I don't understand that.
One thing about Rick Shaw, you know he ain't coming back.
You can tell that a couple of Thursdays ago when we chatted here for a couple hours.
And boy did I have a response on that or what?
No.
No.
Three or four people said, well that was really a great radio.
That was very entertaining.
We really enjoyed that.
And the rest of them like, oh yeah.
Lothargic baby, if there's one word I can use to describe all of South Florida.
And I'm just that sport in Hollywood jackass guy, which he thinks that's really cute because it's supposed to be sport in wood.
You know and he puts sport in a Hollywood.
Oh don't you get it?
I'm a targic.
Yeah.
I understand your jerk.
Senior American intelligence and defense officials believe that President George W. Bush and his inner circle are taking steps to place America on the path to war with Iran.
The Sunday telegraph has learned.
That's what it says here has learned.
Are those British egg, are there a panic or anything?
They're a life riot.
The Sunday telegraph has learned.
LEARNT.
Pentagon planners have developed a list of up to 2000 bombing targets in a random rate growing fears among serving officers that diplomatic efforts to slow-ransed nuclear weapons program are doomed to fail.
Programs spelled with an extra amy on the end.
Programming.
Can we tune into the foot, footy programy and see how he's doing?
Let's raise that on in.
Pentagon and CIA officers say they believe that the White House has begun a carefully calibrated program.
A escalation that could lead to a military showdown with Iran.
Now it's emerged that Candelese arise.
The Bulldog Secretary of State has been pushing for a diplomatic solution.
It's prepared to settle a differences with Vice President Dick Cheney and sanctioned military action.
Oh my god.
In a chilling scenario of how war might come.
A senior intelligence officer warned that public denunciation of Iranian meddling in Iraq, arming and training militants would lead to cross-border raids on Iranian training camps and bomb factories.
A prime target would be the fudge or base run by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard force in southern Iran where Western intelligence agencies say armor-precision projectiles used against British U.S. troops were manufactured.
Under the theory which is gaining credence in Washington security circles, U.S. action would provoke a major Iranian response, perhaps in the form of moves to cut off Gulf oil supplies,
providing a trigger for air strikes against Iran's nuclear facilities even its armed forces.
And by the way, it's been a long time since we remember to say thank you Mr. President for those really low gas prices.
Senior officials believe Mr. Bush's inner circle has decided he doesn't want to leave office without first ensuring that Iran is not capable of developing a nuclear weapon or as he would say nuclear weapon.
Intelligence, the intelligence officer said no one outside that tight circle knows what's going to happen.
But he said that within the CIA many if not multiple officials believe that diplomacy is failing and top Pentagon brass believes the same.
He said a strike will probably follow a gradual escalation over the next few weeks and months the U.S. will build tensions around Iranian activities in Iraq.
So if you're ready for the Iran attack and there's the OJ.
This is all for OJ.
It's in a nice nice place, a very small school.
What's going on at Port?
That's a nice turlip there though and I'm sure he's spending a lot of time on it.
What do you think?
I'm the pot.
Oh there's a...
Oh, so can stew.
No, photo.
Oh, oh, oh.
He's like that.
He's like that.
Oh, oh.
Yeah.
Shut up when they tell you to show up.
Yeah.
Oh, 66.67.
We got two thirds now.
Telling foodie, cut the crap foodie. Just stay retired.
You're the F-meer of talks, your host.
You schmuck.
Of course, well, why take the pull when it's already announced that he's coming back anyway?
Just an ego thing.
I get the feeling, I don't know the guy.
I get the feeling he's got a massive ego, you know, like...
Once everybody's like pat him on the back, oh, we miss you so much foodie.
We miss you so much and you're so good and you've got so much to say and you're so entertaining it.
Right.
I got news for you.
What Kenny Walker did on this station for however long it was.
Show.
Yeah, well, you're right.
That too.
I never knew the way to describe it.
I say, uh-huh.
If there's any indication of what he was doing with foodie there, I'm not sure it wasn't though.
I don't know.
Because I'm sure WI100 would never have tolerated all that.
You know, Alex Marvez and all those other annoying...
I noticed, I noticed they all seem to have disappeared.
Am I wrong about that, Chris?
Do we have any of those people out besides New Orleans team?
Is there no, is there no last spot that I've noticed?
Well, maybe they learned a lesson.
They wouldn't listen to me.
And then the train came out and the sports segments were like they owed points.
And across the street they just demolished.
They smashed them into smithereens.
And when a putz like Joel Feinberg can demolish you like...
It smashed you to smithereens and you know you've got some real crap on the air.
Like Ethan Skolnik and his nasty malodorous bowel movements.
10-56 at five.
Of course, I don't know who doesn't have nasty malodorous bowel movements.
But if you find anybody, let me know if they really do smell like lilacs.
Wouldn't that be a breath of fresh air?
Ah, it's a mahaya.
Hmm.
This is the Neil Roger Show.
Oh, this is your joint.
Oh, oh, oh!
Any questions?
I am the game.
I never have been gay.
Let's make one thing perfectly clear.
First you move your putz from the heel to the toe.
Make the tapping sound as you move it to and throw.
Point it towards the stall and someone you don't know.
And then you tap around and tap around like more's cold.
Run your fingers all along the bottom of the stall.
To signal back you're ready for some kindly chin ball.
When he signals back he wants to take all your sack.
Right, that's what's called the baggity tap.
You'll crawl around and find a glory home.
If the bendy bounce turned down by the home.
Push your head through to the other side.
And ask of you and he want to see eye to fly.
You're in the public take so make it fast.
At least until you both have a blast.
Then your genuine legs and all of your hands.
That's what's called the baggity tap.
Unless the other guy shows you his badge.
No!
Club No 2 at 560 WQA.
I wonder what Delary Craig would think of footy.
That's cute isn't that cute?
He'd probably tap on the radio.
Tap something.
And we're up to 67% and I'll say retire.
It's interesting how he only gives you two choices on here.
Unlike us he don't do like any self-deprecating crap.
Which he really ought to be doing.
Like just stay off the air and stay off you suck.
Like that.
Which we would certainly do that.
He won't do that because he's got this massive ego.
And obviously the purpose of the whole thing is to give his loyal people a chance to beg him.
Oh please please please.
What about the people?
Who does things like that?
People with big fat ego essay and very little talent.
67% say stay retired and just stick with a Saturday thing.
And 32.96% say come back South Florida wants you back full time.
Footy.
Oh God.
How can we live without you?
A former Christian schoolteacher from suburban Detroit has been arraying on charges of having sex with a 50 year old former student.
Canton Township Michigan.
I don't know where that is.
Oh suburban Detroit.
I never heard of it.
31 year old Stephanie Ann Stein of Canton Township faces a number of charges including
third degree criminal sexual conduct that's a 15 year felony.
Police say relationship came to light during the summer when the boys mother came home several times
and finds Stein at her house.
And best part of the whole deal is Stein is a married mother of two.
She resigned in June from Plymouth Christian Academy her preliminary exam instead for September 28th.
What does that mean preliminary exam?
Hearing I'm assuming what says exam.
Then this is from the Associated Press.
What do you expect?
Her first exam.
Maybe she's going to examine it.
Before you touch it you've got to examine it.
And from Blanco, Texas, Samuel Green, Jr.
the founder of a monastery that closed amid scandal over the alleged sexual abuse of novice monks
and a fraudulent weeping virgin Mary painting has died he was 63.
Well the Lord works in mysterious ways.
First bread summers and now this faker.
This sketch key.
We got a thousand and fifty five hours on our pool.
Let's concentrate more on the OJ pool which has to do with us.
And let's worry about footy only.
Oh, thousand ninety three votes.
Wow.
Chris is like all plumped up like a peacock.
No, we're going to have over eleven hundred any minute.
I think forty five thousand votes today is a reasonable goal, don't you?
Yeah.
Anyway, getting back to Samuel Green is death as being investigated as a suicide
but officials were waiting for autopsy results before ruling on the cause of death.
Green's body was found yesterday morning in his home in the grounds of Christ of the Hills monastery.
Jesus Christ.
The monastery was aligned with the Russian Orthodox Church outside of Russia from 1991 to 1999
but the church broke ties with the monastery when allegations surfaced of indecency by green
with a juvenile novice monk.
Oh no.
Remember that restaurant the monks in?
I guess he is now.
I can't tell you where.
Back to him.
Green who founded the monastery in 1981 pleaded guilty in 2000 to indecency with sentenced to ten years' probation.
In 2006 Green told his probation officer in a secretly taped interview he had sexual contact with boys.
Over a thirty year period starting in 1970.
About thirty man.
Green also reported a report that the monastery's weeping painting was fake.
Oh, I can't believe that, can you?
I believe in Virgin Mary.
Authority seized the icon which was sent to criteria of murder, a sign of divine intervention.
What is murder? It's like frankincense in murder.
We've been through this before.
Sure.
Murder, murder, and he died too.
It's an ointment.
It's a bomb.
It's an ointment?
Oh, I wonder if very bombs use a mistake.
Shmere a little bit.
And it drawn thousands of visitors in their donations to the area.
The interview also prompted a third east of five child sexual assault and organized crime charges against Green and four of the monks in July 2006.
I love that monks in, boy.
That was a good place.
Man.
But go ahead.
Yeah, it's been closer like 25 years.
But when you ruled like me, Green maintained his innocence and was released on his own requirements because of health problems.
He was due in court this Friday where prosecutors plan to seek to have his probation we've hoped.
Assistant D.A. Cheryl Nelson said he would have asked the judge to send him to maximum 20-year term on each of his nine indecent accounts.
180 years.
I guess he wouldn't have made it, but he ain't going to make it now.
He's dead.
Probably blew his brains out.
He blew his brains out.
All right.
1098.
That's great.
We need 1100.
They're probably popping around with that damn footy pool.
Okay, get back to the OJ pool and don't worry about footy.
All the like I said, the creep is full.
Freep his silly ass.
What a jerk.
Oh no, it's up to 67.5% now to say, hey, stay retired and go away and die a wicked death footy.
You fool, you idiot.
You faker.
See, ordinarily, if it was anybody else, I wouldn't spend that much time wasting that much time.
Well, here's OJ again, another panel.
I don't think this case could ever go to trial.
Don't ever expect to see OJ on the stage.
And Heidi, what's significant here is that all the co-defendants that are getting arrested
are being released on bail.
OJ is the only one not.
That means those other people are cooperating against OJ.
That's exactly what it means.
And the judge made a mistake.
He should have granted OJ bail initially and he will be granted bail tomorrow.
Why would I have to say?
Because OJ is the most wrecking, one of the most recognized faces in the United States.
There's nowhere for him to go.
He knew he was a suspect here.
He stayed in Las Vegas.
He didn't flee those several days.
He took interviews.
He looks like he's got fleas to me to be honest with you.
He's looking pretty bad.
He's looking a little longer than the two.
I wouldn't be surprised if he crossed pretty soon too.
Oh, let's say a prayer on that.
Let's forget about Fuddy and worry about OJ dying soon.
Wouldn't that be great?
Although on our poll, here's what it is so far.
1100 votes, Chris.
I would tap my foot a couple of times.
Maybe, uh, Maddie Bell will come running up.
That's okay.
Is he still there?
By the way, Maddie Bell.
No, no, we had that discussion.
He's gone?
Gone.
Well, they sure got rid of a lot of dead weight in that place.
Not that he was all that much weight.
He weighed about 40 pounds soaking wet.
I think Greg put him in his pocket and took him away.
He's one of those people always wondered, what does he do here?
What does he really do?
Can you answer the question what he did?
He was the sales overmanager, like an overlord.
Overseer?
Yes.
Whippin.
In fact, that's so many.
We had those involvement with those young chicks that were working there.
Like, he'd sear.
Yeah?
Over and over and over.
Well, I'm not saying any problems, but I remember that one situation.
As Bill Campo was saying, it was a situation.
There's Fred Goldman in it, the daughter of his.
Believe me, from what we know, the Goldman's are going after it.
Hey, did you shake in your head?
Yeah, hi.
The third party is going to post the bond for OJ.
So the Goldman's are going to not be entitled to a penny of that.
And as far as the items that were seized,
there was an issue as the title of those items.
Who actually, all right, who paid for them.
That's right.
I'd go in there and get him a gunpoint myself for crying out loud if I had the time and the gun.
What's your take on OJ Simpson?
Is there a poll question?
He's pure scum 327.
I hope he rocks in jail 303.
How about he's a sociopath?
Should we put that on there too?
All right.
Don't you think that was a really good thing?
Absolutely.
German intellectual choice.
He's a sociopath.
You get to say it a lot then, kills time.
Yeah.
A lot of word.
I hope they kill him in jail 280 votes, 280.
I hate him like poison 73.
He's misunderstood 59.
Pooh, OJ.
They just don't understand him.
Man, they just don't get him.
I'm a huge fan 47 and I'm a fan 11.
Not huge, but just like normal size.
Fan 11.
58 people out there who still, no matter how many people he kills, no matter how many run-ins with a law he has,
no matter stealing the satellite signals, stealing crap in Vegas, all of a sudden alleged.
Just embarrassing and humiliating and degrading.
But you know, that's this fourth mentality.
That's the juke mentality.
You get your heroes and no matter what they do or how much of a slime all they turn up to be,
or up to 67.58%.
Oh, there's that good and gamesville again.
How?
How?
Let's see the game, come on.
How?
And I started strobing the piece.
Now, University of Florida, campus please.
You know what's going to happen?
He's going to sue their ass.
Yep.
I mean, some good, like I told you,
some good ambulance chasing lawyers already on the way.
It's probably there with him now.
I mean, they just got carried away just a little bit.
I can't even go anywhere.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, wow.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
We don't tranquilize your darts like they should have.
I know it wasn't them.
Oh, that's a beautiful thing.
And poor John Kerry,
that's about the most attention he's had in a long time.
You see, one of the things he asked him is,
how come he didn't challenge the results of the 2004 election?
And, you know,
Kerry stood there like,
oh, in fact,
Kerry wasn't allowed to give his answer,
which probably would have sounded like,
like that.
Loving away on that pool.
Now, let's see how foot he is doing again.
I'm so, I'm very curious if we can get up to like 77%
because I'm sure the word has already gotten to him.
And he's probably like mobilizing his forces out there,
getting all the while 100 kids.
Come on, kids.
Come on.
What time is it like Buffalo Bob?
He's dead, by the way, footy Buffalo Bob.
A federal prosecutor,
a food and metro Detroit,
where they door the explorer doll,
hoop earrings,
and petroleum jelly,
for a five-year-old jurorily plan to have sex with, please say.
John David Roy-Axiston,
who prosecutes civil and criminal matters
as an assistant US attorney
in the Northern Florida District,
appeared on the other side of the law,
Monday in Detroit Federal Court.
Axiston 53 of Gulf Breeze Florida.
I have no idea where that is.
Is it ever heard of it?
Nope.
Chris?
Not at all.
Google it.
Gulf Breeze Florida.
Axiston was charged with an enticement of a minor
using the internet knowingly traveling interstate
to engage in a listed sex with a five-year-old girl.
According to court documents
during an internet chat with undercover officer,
Axiston described himself as very much a family man.
Yes, sounds like it to me.
Initiated the online chat August 29th
as opposing as a mother interested in letting men
have sex with their children.
During continuous conversations,
he expressed a desire to engage in oral,
vaginal and anal sex with her fictitious daughter,
money was not part of the discussion.
In the chat, he also suggested he previously had sex with minors.
With eyes cast downward and fiddling with papers,
Axiston asked for a court appointed attorney
as particularly against his own.
He was ordered to remain in custody,
pending aid attention hearing at one o'clock today.
He faces up to 60 years in prison convicted of the crimes,
Axiston was married and has children.
Boarded to the continental flight to Luck Pensacola
at 910 Sunday morning with a layover in Houston,
he then changed planes living Texas for Detroit Metro Airport,
and arriving at 452 pm where he was taken into custody
without incident about eight minutes later.
Even when he even had to taser his ass.
Axiston's arrest was part of an undercover sexting on behalf
of the FBI McComb office and McComb County Sheriff's office,
collaborating in the McComb area computer enforcement team
also known as MICE, M-A-C-E.
Wow, not tasered, but close, he was MACEED.
Nothing surprises us anymore as Sheriff Mark Hackle said Monday.
What if it raises Hackle?
I bet it did.
He's working for the government in the Pensacola Orifice.
Axiston also serves as president of the Gulf Re-Sports Association,
which includes youth athletics such as soccer and tea ball
and chin ball, you're off to yourself.
How do you like that?
Before Chris Hansen could get to it?
Good.
Good for what?
Well, let's take a look at that.
Yeah, yeah.
That's right, although NBC would like to have had that.
And that's what NBC would love to have had that.
On the beat-back stage.
Okay.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
Now the host is dead, done you.
And the powers you pose as.
Six years' age is life.
With your flight, since your life.
He's got a job for your kids.
Oh.
Oh.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you fuck your dude.
With the big D and your chest and full bruises like chest.
The bending bones are all right.
You failed.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
Who's with the speed of a gazelle?
Sense of that night straight to hell.
When a building starts too low.
With your wings then we know.
Your crushing cry would start fighting for.
Oh.
Roger Mary.
Roger Mary.
What is a big blob speaking of Roger Mary?
Looks just like her as a matter of fact.
Right off the east coast of Florida.
She got huge blob.
Yeah.
Looks like I'm talking about her.
No, no.
I'll need another one.
Right there.
Oh man.
Big blob.
Gonna rain.
Gonna be wind.
Nancy.
Here's the sun.
The sun is shining.
It's beautiful.
Gonna be sunny in 73 today.
It's paradise.
It's paradise.
Do do do do do do do.
Remember those days?
Paradise.
What a jerk.
A lot of jerks man.
Somebody jerks in so little time.
Let's play cool jerk by the campbells or by butsy.
Butsy butsy a butsy.
Butsy.
What's his name?
What's his name?
Butsy Collins.
Butsy Collins.
That's who it is.
I'm not really all that familiar with him.
Am I supposed to know who he is?
Of course I wasn't familiar with all of them.
From Harvard.
We need to be in the middle of that.
Is that what all the fans do?
Mootsie?
Yeah.
I thought they'd be confused with butsy or butsy.
Hey butsy you got like almost 68% safe.
That's higher.
And take a sentence they've shown in showroom.
Anyway here's a great pelas who's one of our very favorites.
Butsy's fake chic whack.
The surge in the alkihda bunny.
From buzz flash.
I hold this really long.
I don't want to get into a real long so I'm going to dance with him.
I'll be accused of reading stuff on here.
I would never do that.
Right and I just had a really I had a drug brainstorm during me a break which for me
At a brainstorm yes, but I'm thinking now that footies coming on I to noon because there is no local talk
You know right all those great cars?
That we don't take anymore on this show because you know I hear you know exactly
They're thinking baby right there. Yeah
I'm gonna will them sure not croaking anytime soon. I don't think I'm willing under my close personal buddy footy
Right what we just mail them over to him, you know footy street dot com by the way
They're not doing the job they ought to be a lot of people if they do if he does get that show
Then we'll just give his numbers out if he does get the show he is getting a show
Well, then we'll give him instead of giving our own numbers out
We'll give them that we'll give his numbers out right that's right for the first few weeks so that all of the
All the great collars will have somewhere to call where they actually would answer the phone
Please please
Grads like that
Yeah, now you folks will have somewhere to go you folks as Bush would say about evil doers those folks the folks who did this to us
Anyway a great Palacit did you see George all soaked up in his surreal TV talk on Thursday
You got all emotional over the killing by Al Qaeda of chic Abu Risha
They leader of the new Sunni Alliance with the US against the insurgents and Ann Bar province Iraq
Bush shook Abu Risha's hand two weeks ago for the cameras Bush can shake his hand again, but not the rest of them
Abu Risha was blown away just hours before Bush was to go on here to praise his new friend
Here's what you need to know that NPR won't tell you one chic Abu Risha wasn't a chic to he wasn't killed by Al Qaeda
Three the new Alliance with former insurgents and Ann Bar as this fake is the chic and a murderous deceit
How do I know this you can see the film of chic Abu Risha of the guys who likely liked him and the other of their other victims
Just in case you think I've lost my mind and put my butt in insane danger to get this footage
Don't worry. I was safe and dry and booted past
It was my brilliant new cameraman Rick Rowley who went to Iraq to get the story on his own
Rick is the future of TV news as BBC. He's also completely out of control
The spot our please Rick and his partner Dave and there's went to Ann Bar and film where no cameraman had dared to tread
While was chic Abu Risha so important as the New York Times put it this morning
Abu Risha had become a charismatic symbol of the security gains in Sunniere
He's had become a cornerstone of America's plans to keep large number of troops in Iraq too much of next year
In other words, Abu Risha was the PR hook used to sell the success of the surge the chic wasn't a chic
He was a fake while proclaiming direct that he was leader of all the Iraqi tribes
Abu led no one but for reported some in the millions of cash for so-called
Reconstruction contracts
Abu Risha was willing to say he was Napoleon and Julius Caesar and do the handshake he think would push on camera
Notably Rowley and his camera cut up with Abu Risha on his way to a business trip to Dubai money laundry capital at the Middle East
There are some real sheets in Ann Bar such as Ali Haatham of the dominant
Delay Me tribe who told Rick that Abu Risha was a con man
Where was this tribe this travel leader the Americans like to create characters like Disney cartoon heroes?
Then Ali Haatham added Abu Risha is no longer welcome in Ann Bar
Not welcome from Ashik and Ann Bar is roughly the same as the kiss on both cheeks from the cup of the coffee
Within days when Abu Risha returned from Dubai to the law me turf in Ramadi Bush's handshake was lacked his handshake
Oh on Thursday Bush said Abu Risha was killed fighting Al Qaeda and the White House issue the statement that the sheik was killed by Al Qaeda
Bolshmit there ain't no Easter bunny and Al Qaeda aimed in Iraq Mr. Bush
It was very cute on the week of 9 11 memorials to time the death of your Ann Bar boy toy boy to bin Laden Saudi hijackers
But it's a lie. Yes, there's a group of births circus who call themselves Al Qaeda and Mesopotamia
But they have as much to do with the real Al Qaeda
I've been lawden as Rolling Stones tribute band has to do with Mick Jagger
Who got Abu Risha?
Nothing nothing moves in Ramadi without the approval of the real tribal sheaks
They were none too happy as Haatham noted about the millions the West handed to Risha the sheikhs
He ordered the hit or simply gave the bomb a free passage to do the deed
So who are these guys the sheiks will lead the Sunni tribes of Ann Bar the potentates of the Tamimi Falagi obidis obal and Jamali troop
tribes
Thick of them is the sopranos of Arabia. They're also members of the so-called awakening council getting their slice of the millions handed out
Which they had no interest in sharing with Risha
But creepy and deadly or not these copy of the desert were effective in limiting Al Qaeda and Mesopotamia indeed
This US military so proudly pointed out to Rick the moment the sheiks declared their opposition to Al Qaeda
IE got the payments from the US taxpayers Al Qaeda instantly disappeared
This miraculous military change when the enemy just evaporates has one explanation the sheiks are Al Qaeda and Mesopotamia
Just like the sopranos extract protection payments from New Jersey businesses the mobsters of Ann Bar joined our side when we laid down the loot
What's wrong with that after all I'd rather send them a check then send our kids from Columbus to fight them
But there's something deeply horribly wrong with dealing with these killers
They still kill with new US protection weapons and cash they've turned on the shea of Ann Bar
15,000 shea families from a single district were forced at gunpoint to leave Ann Bar and OJ wasn't even there
Those moving too slowly were shot kids and moms as well
Who the Americans know about the ethnic cleansing of Ann Bar by our first-while allies?
Rick's film shows US commanders placing their headquarters in the homes abandoned by terrorized shea
Rick's craziest move was to go and find the shea refugees from Ann Bar
They were dumped over a hundred thousand them in a
Cinder block slum with no running water and bagged that they're under the protection of the mafia army and other group of cutthroats
But at least these are shea cutthroats
So the great success of the surges are arming and providing cover for ethnic cleansing and Ann Bar
Nice Mr. Bush and with US press embedded we won't get the real story even Democrats are buying the Ann Bar awakening fairy tale
And a raki government official threats that giving guns and cover to the Ann Bar gang is like adopting a baby crocodile a crocodile
Is not a pet he told Rick it will soon grow to devour you
But what could the puppet do but complain about his strings the raki's got it right the surge is a crock
Not Ray Crock
Now there was quite a guy Ray Crock. Do you ever see the biography on him? No, who?
Ray Crock
From McDonald's the founder McDonald's and the over at one time of the sandy of the pop race. Oh that was no
Sure, this is G Gordon lady and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger
We're so much
Well
Yeah, right there
Hey, right there
Hey, right here, right there
Hey, right here, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Hey, right there, right there
Don't cry, please
Don't!
Hey rat,Oww
Hey rat, who've picked that
Oh, here comes the tesorign again
Oh, here comes the tesorign again
I didn't know you did, I spent too much
I don't know how much
I think I love you
I didn't know you guys were on the activator
I didn't want to ask you guys
I mean, I want to have a forum
the admin on
so there's all four pulling things out,
I didn't get your Lords
Oh, here's all the eight thing
And now of course everything is under investigation.
Once again, Kerry's required to answer those questions.
We're ignored.
So that's kind of when everything seemed to fall apart.
Mr. Myers getting apparently very frustrated by that.
We want to have more about this on the phone with us.
The one who was killed on Orlando, he is with the University
of Florida.
Mr. Orlando, thanks for being with us.
I know you just came from a meeting with the University
president.
Jamon, you see Orlando.
What's the name?
Yes, good morning, Heidi.
Thanks for having me on.
Hi, Dean.
We, you know, we've got the situation.
Obviously, you know, we will wear the concerns that the
community has about this.
Look at this.
I'm still on the rabbit head.
I'm not on the phone.
And so we discussed, you know, what are the best ways to
respond to this and, you know, to be fair to everybody
involved?
One of the things I can tell you about a development from
this morning is that our police chief has a center letter to
the Florida Department of Law Enforcement asking them to
come in and to do an independent review of the situation
and to do an independent review.
And they're showing the table.
There's these three cops grab.
I mean, you know, what kind of cops are these guys?
They could look at that.
The one big black cop, he picks him up and he's going to
carry him out.
Why don't they just carry him out of there?
Or do they busher, whimped cops?
What are they?
Wimp pigs?
Carry him out and stuff with a taste of being there.
Let's see.
The campus cops.
Are they real cops, even?
I don't even know.
You're asking me.
And FU and Gainesville, who, what do you say?
What kind of a FU?
Oh, cheese.
And I thought we'd like to each other.
All right, what the court was that he had.
What was it?
I want to know what that book was.
Oh, he's waving around with too many of those troubles.
That's the same kind of thing.
And other people are feeling it.
And that's understandable.
Maybe it's catching the wrong.
What are university police say happened?
Obviously, there's always two sides to a story.
But as university police know, yeah.
It's kind of seeing, you know, exactly what was going down.
This coming in from our I report a Clarissa Jessup, who's
also a student at the University of Florida.
What do they tell you?
You know, their side of why they
use this particular type of force with a taser.
Sure.
Well, you know, I obviously, again,
I don't want to get out of hand at the review
or whatever the outcome of that may be.
But from what we're understanding from our officers,
as you see in the tape, the student is up speaking.
He becomes agitated at one point and has been asked
to step away from the microphone.
The officer does come up at that point
then to remove him from the microphone
because he's being disruptive.
He's brought up to the back of the auditorium
and at that point, and the video shows,
you can see the students is beginning.
You can hear him from your physical.
He's swaying around a couple of the officers were actually
injured in the incident.
Don't change it, bro.
Don't change it, bro.
But we've formed a lot of things at the back.
Wow.
And you can hear them on the video.
They are telling him repeatedly.
Now you need to talk.
Yeah, he wasn't armed.
Was he, Mr. Orlando?
Yeah, that book.
The student know the student was injured.
He was armed with a book.
I know that you are well aware of the big project.
Because you're an SD papercut with that.
That's right.
And a method book.
1148 votes on the OJ pool.
And we got 40, or 50 people say they're a huge fan.
That's like that.
It's like slapping everybody in the world
who's got any kind of just a little bit of decency,
which I don't know if you're much.
Like slapping the rest of us in the push, I'm a big fan.
Oh, we got almost 68% on foot.
Stay retired, but keep up the Saturday morning show.
See, he just doesn't have one.
It's just get off the year period.
We hate you like poison you.
So, of course not.
If he had a sense of humor, he would do that.
Oh, please.
This is like us having a pool on the,
like we put in a pool on for tomorrow, saying, which cheek,
which one of Neil's cheeks would you like to kiss?
The left one, the right one, or both.
Right, don't roll four or in between.
Yeah, that's right.
If you have a crack problem in between.
You will.
What a kissy, kissy, sucky, sucky.
And keep in mind that it was just,
it was about the same when we found the pool,
when we got that effect as it is now.
We have already made that much progress.
So it isn't going to be like,
oh, well, Neil Rogers audiences, what made it like,
no, that's the way it was before our audience got slightly involved.
Okay.
Well, they're making a big semi-sad of this,
which is upstaging the OJ stuff for something fear.
It's very good.
Thanks for your insight on this.
We will continue to follow you stories.
Thank you so much, Peter Orlando.
You goofball, you doucheball.
Can we say that doucheball?
I guess so, I just made it up.
Oh, I sure can't say it bag.
No.
Wow, you old bag.
Can I say you old bag for Joyce, you old bag?
Now should I read that very short email from Claire again?
Again, the year's short.
Huh?
Why not?
It'll kill 10 seconds.
Well, no, I'm just, I mean,
I have to go to my hotmail hearing and dig it up again.
I didn't delete it yet for obvious reasons
because I'm saving it for evidence, evidence of insanity.
Josh Darrow, and the title is Silent Put Deadly.
Isn't that cute?
Silent Put Deadly.
It says, Neil, no more ass audio.
I am the programming butt plug.
Yeah, you gotta go along with that.
That's for damn sure.
Need you to start playing the fart noises.
Thanks, Josh.
And then on the bottom, his, you know,
Josh Darrow program director WQM
with the phone number and the extension
and the orifice and the butt plug, all that crap.
Need you to stop playing?
Stop.
He needs it.
He needs for you to stop.
He needs for me to stop based on what?
Based on he's getting grief.
You know it.
From Jolly Joel Bell is probably getting grief
from Joyce who's probably, you know,
he doesn't listen or care or know that, you know,
this show even exists.
Let me ask you something.
Just somewhere else.
Ball players fart, new athletes fart.
Oh, please, who you making this case to?
Man.
They do way worse than that.
No, no.
They also spit.
Hmm.
What did you say?
Spit.
Yeah.
What, oh, you wanted closure on that?
Yeah, hell's actually good part.
Damn it.
Here it comes.
Ah, are we?
Kind of like that scene in the hit you there
with C. Tangerine, right?
Howell and Rector Howell.
For Lennie.
Leave it to an old fag like me.
There'd be really emotionally involved.
Oh, it's Lennie.
The homo eroticism of that got through to all of us.
And did it, we, oh yeah.
Oh, it was definitely.
And when it wouldn't be so bad except Rector Howell,
he kind of like wipes it off his fingers.
I know.
And it looks like, licks his fingers and one of his.
Oh, you.
That's the free.
That's the free.
That's the pit god.
Oh, my god.
They can't choose what they want to hear on the radio.
Their government's only provides strictly enforced entertainment
and information.
One voice, one message.
There is no first amendment to their country.
Freedom of expression is punishable by law.
They have to go underground or online to learn more about the world
or rather at the risk of portrait or even death.
This isn't Easter's year.
I'm telling you about this.
This is America.
I'm hoping to help bring down the Iron Curtain.
Support a radio for America.
Oh, I think we got it already.
16-till noon at 5.
16 WDQ I am.
16-till noon?
Are you going to know or what?
I don't know.
I only feel like three hours.
Jesus, I feel like we've been here for a hundred hours already.
A lot of pressure.
I don't know based on what.
Based on the OJ pool.
Based on our quest to get to 45,000 votes on the pool today.
We got 1166.
I think we can do 13 hundred today.
Chris.
Okay.
Here's a fact that they got their thumb right on it.
Neil regarding the tasering thing that went down to UFES today is that FU.
It's nice to see the media all whipped up and calling for firm investigation.
Why the hell weren't they all whipped up about the stolen election?
Why weren't they asking the same GD questions back in 2004?
That this kid got tasered for asking.
It's the flippin media that needs to be tasered.
Absolutely correct.
Amen.
Ow!
Ow!
Oh, here's that FUNI OFARAL arm.
I told you it was coming tonight.
You did.
Yeah.
Now, have your attention, please.
Now, have your attention, please.
Come on, you can do it.
Come on.
I think they're giving me time to close the door.
Okay, let me go close the door.
You idiot.
Let me close the door.
Okay, that's enough of that.
Now, FU.D, I did a little homework here on his website.
By the way, we had him over 68% negative under and I was back to 67%.
We're not doing a really good job of freeping now, FU.D.Street.com,
but we'll take whatever your guys are going to do.
Here are the highlights.
In case you missed it, here are the highlights from the previous three FU.D. shows.
It was Saturday morning show.
Although, I don't understand something.
I'll try to tell you.
I see 818 with that.
I've been a Saturday.
Must have been.
August 18th.
All right.
FU.D. covers the BSO office shootings.
Now, wait till you do this one.
Stack yourself in.
Master control Johnny Dolan's early years in radio.
Wow.
What station is this on?
So I can now be careful.
I would be.
I see.
Master control Johnny Dolan's early years in radio.
And of course, since it says Master control, I'm assuming that Johnny Dolan is the board op.
I wonder if he talks about his early years in radio.
The fact he once took a leak at the Ural next to me at IOD
and claimed that that was the highlight of his career.
I thought those were the middle of his middle years in radio.
Oh, probably.
FU.D. talks about the Miami-Dade Superintendent, Dr. Rudy Crew
and former Miami-Dolphin Don Strock calls in a talk football.
All right.
On the 811 show, FU.D. talks about the two-brow chair of his offices
and we're shot this week.
Sheriff Ken Jenny called into the show to talk about what happened in both cases.
This, of course, was just before Sheriff Jenny went out to the Huesco.
It's almost as good as Keny and Bo having the anxious homophobic Jim Noggle
the mayor for a long day along to suck his ass.
And then Keny coming on and saying,
Oh, he loves gay people Jim Noggle.
He loves gay people.
Ken, imagine why that shows off the air, the Keny and Bo, more morning show?
And let's see on 8.4, FU.D. talks about the safety or lack there
of our bridges in South Florida.
Maybe he had the bridge tender on.
We can only hear him.
Juan Gomez is the kid who's finding being deported.
FU.D. in the callers discuss.
Patti Turshion's ice cream truck was robbed of two popsicles and $80 in cash.
FU.D. talks there and replaces her money.
I wonder if he replaced the popsicles.
And UM head coach Randy Shannon checks in.
Woo!
Is this sound like a pretty heavy duty?
I think this is going to be a really local, local show.
We're going to promote the hell out of it, FU.D.
Make no mistake, baby.
We're going to give you all the promotion $80 million worth, which is more than I get.
We don't get nothing.
We get zero, Zipini Doodah.
1173 votes on the pool.
What's your take on O.J. Simpson?
The arrangement is the tomorrow.
You're right.
He's pure scum, 352.
I hope he rots in jail, 323.
I hope they kill him in jail, 296.
I hate him like poison, 79.
He's misunderstood 61.
Right.
Oh, he is hard to understand at times.
I'm a huge fan, 51 and I'm a fan, 11.
51 people are still huge fans of this murdering piece of turd.
Turd on two legs.
Oh, you can't rip the juice like that.
We're a bunch of dumb sports nerds.
He played football.
Wow.
Isn't that terrifying to you?
It is overwhelming.
It is like they're onto him.
But there's this small portion, no matter what he does.
And of course, like you said, they're most of them inside our building and across the street.
Oh, we're back over 68% negative.
They're on foot.
I mean, he only gave you two choices.
So the more negative one, as opposed to, hey, you suck, but he get off the air and stay off.
Just retire.
You know, like that.
He doesn't have the balls to do that.
Because based on what we saw when we discovered this thing, that probably would have won anyway.
They're sending you a message and he's not getting it.
68.06% stay retired and keep the Saturday thing.
31.9% say, come back, South Florida.
Once you're back full time.
We want you back, footy.
Maybe he has footy in mouth disease, you think?
I don't care.
He walkers had to thought of that.
Probably if I'm working with him all that time.
Eric Alderman on the nation says, the presidential pageant for the people who cover them for a living,
elections are not about issues or evidence or even truth or about the narrative.
Campaigns struggle to define it long before voters are paying attention, because once the narrative is determined,
it virtually is impervious to revision.
This was the case with the Gore's Allire Bush's Adope storyline of the 2000 election.
As Margaret Carlson, then of time, explained to Don I'mus, you can actually disapprove some of what a Bush is saying if you really get into the weeds and get out your calculator,
or look at his record in Texas, but it's really easy and it's funded this through Val Gore.
As sport in our enterprise, Gore keeps coming up with another walker, generally entertaining to us.
Each year's election narrative is determined by the big-foot correspondence in the top tier of the Puntitocracy and then reinforced by everybody else.
It works best with a conservative spin because of the recent right-wing takeover of so many of these purchase, owning of the power of drugs, talk radio and cable TV.
But it's determined in places like time, newsweek, the New York Times, and Washington Post, to give an idea of how the process works,
take a look at the coverage of John Edwards Campaign.
In an alleged news story, Edwards talks tough on hedge funds, time before it or lessly Wayne observed, Mr. Edwards has made poverty a signature issue a topic that stands in sharp contrast to his own $30 million net worth.
Wayne and the Redditors apparently think there's a sharp contrast between a man being wealthy and is expressing concern for the poor.
It's a constant theme of the Edwards coverage.
The Post, for example, devotes breathless front-page coverage to the sale of Edwards House.
Bill Hamilton, post-Editor, defended this decision to the paper's ombudsman by explaining that Edwards was a presidential candidate
who just happens to be a millionaire who's basing his campaign on a populist appeal to the common man.
The unmistakable implication is that poor people have no right to representation in our society.
No one mocks mid-Romney for promoting policies that protect his more than $250 million net worth.
Did a Rudy Giuliani who pocketed more than $16 million last year alone.
But as Fox's Neil Kabuto puts it, the GOP guards are not pretending to be, you know, great poor advocates.
Since actual four people are de facto disqualified from running for president by Congress as refusal-wins to any kind of publicly financed elections that are the rule in most democracies,
the result is that we allow representation only of the rich by the rich.
Then there are the haircuts.
You won't be surprised to hear the fact that John Edwards got a couple of expensive haircuts as generated, according to Lexus Nexus, about a thousand news stories.
I can't say I've read many of them, but I'd be amazed if any proved more ridiculous than the 120-word investigation by the post-John Solomon who notes
is some kind of commentary on the state of American politics as Edwards has campaigned for president, vice president, and not president again.
His hair seems to have attracted as much attention as he is positioned on health care.
You think? In fact, his hair has gotten far more hair-timed than his health care plan, but what is odd is Solomon's and his editor's inability that perhaps the 120-word investigation of a haircut might be part of the problem.
If the point of the story is about Edwards' wealth is to de-legitimize his arguments at the behalf of the poor, the haircut obsession is designed to feminize the candidate, and thereby undermine his credentials as a macho man for president, which are, by the way, those deemed to be the most important by the media.
And Coder calls him a faggot.
Marine Dow, Chris Matthews and Joe Scarborough, among many others, use the term, Brett Girl. The wording is more polite, but the effect is the same.
Speaking of Dow, to understand how this process works, it's crucial to recognize the influence her times, column wheels, and determining the substance and contours of the agreed upon narrative.
This is a shame because, while Dow is a wonderfully felicitous writer, she has little interest in ideas and non-policy. Her column frequently reads as if co-written by Shannon Dorody, character in Heathers.
Regarding Gour, she complained in 1999 that he was so feminized he's practically lactating.
She attacked him baselessly for having both of these as the father of the internet. She also had to falsify the feminine version of Gour's Rollins, the inspiring novel love story, and both cases, Gour was telling the truth as Dow and company accused him of lying.
But because she was annoyed with the man she termed a pious smarty pants, she wrote, the vice president's campaign was, could make a national country song, you've been sined and you've been lying.
As my media-matter's colleague, Eric Bolert notes, Dow's smartly and inaccurate attacks on Gour predated and presumably inspired the Republican national committees.
Most recently, Dow's pubicness has been directed toward Barack Obama. She finds the candidate, testy irritated, hung up, conflicted, and self-consciously pristine. Dow took it personally when he gave a labor day speech in New Hampshire, taking on business as usual, beltway politics.
Dow mocked Obama's writing about Washington pundits, pointing out that he frequently graces the cover of magazines.
This is quite a trick when you think about it. The media elite put Obama on magazine covers, and then the same media elite insists he's inauthentic for having appeared on magazine covers.
Dow also accuses Obama, preening like a 46-year-old virgin, demonstrating loose body language and being hung up on and being seen as thoughtful while secretly fearing being seen as a dumb blonde.
Still, it's a kind of progress over her Gour cover, which at least she didn't accuse him of posing as the model for, Superfly.
So, Barack Obama, Superfly. Well, here's Eric Alderman just ripping an ass of our good buddy, Marie Dad, and in this case, evidently deservedly so.
Well, nobody's perfect, but she makes it for good fun reading on the show. Let's see how your good close buddy, Fuddy, is doing there soon to be on WIOD 9 and in the noon. I can't wait for the stiff competition.
68.06% say stay retired, but keep the Saturday show Fuddy. We wouldn't want to lose you completely.
And only 31.9% say, come back South Florida once, you back full time. That's on FuddyStreet.com. For those who want to free the pool.
And just give them a little bit of Agida. Just use that ego just a little bit.
This is Pretty Quid. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
They're hot, sweaty, and when they swing, they love to get loud. They're women tennis players, and you can listen in live at 1-900-hot grunts.
Whether you're into singles, or doubles.
You can be their special ballboy at 1-900-hot grunts.
Call now and work on your forehand while these hard-court hard-bodies serve up the highest grunts.
Is it out? Over is it in?
One phone number is all you need. 1-900-hot grunts.
Oh, well, that was right on the sweet spot.
Probably wouldn't have 560. A little hand is right on the big hand there or it's somewhere.
And you know, I'm a thinking during this break that Eric probably has the ability to like really do something with his footy pool, you know?
Yeah, right, a program. Right, a bot. Bot bot. What's that?
That's not what it is. Now, wouldn't that be something? That would be bad, but it would be well deserved though, I think.
Any jackass that puts a pool up like that?
How much do you love me? A whole lot or a lot? Or like how much you want to kiss my ass?
A lot gobs or oodles. Their oodles are endlessly or how about not? How about not, footy? We don't want to kiss your ass.
Good, good. So what do you think?
Ask him. Hey, Eric. Hey, Eric, get on the case. Okay, footy-estreet.com.
You can do it, man. If anybody can do it, he can get a million votes on there. I'll say, we hate you and that's not even on the pool.
Not that we want to, we want to free other people's polls.
I'm sorry. Excuse me for getting excited about it. Sure we do. Why not? And in his case, we'll make an exception.
Because I've won pool yet on there where he had the four votes. Now that was pretty exciting. When you do a poll online, no matter what the website is.
And obviously you're soliciting people to participate and you get four votes. What does that say?
It's kind of like Stugots being unable to sell out those damn dinners, you know?
Yes. He's got like two weeks backed up. How would you feel? Wouldn't we feel like a suicidal?
Yeah, I get upset if it takes us longer than 15 or 20 minutes to sell those things out every Thursday, which it doesn't.
But for crime, I'll out. It's just, love 97 votes on the OJ poll. The overwhelming consensus is that those of us with any kind of common sense, about 90%.
Hate him like poison to wish him an evil, horrible death and the fate he richly deserves.
But nevertheless, the Jacksonifers, man, they're there. You can't get through them. As you've noticed in the ten years we've been on the station.
Yeah. William Grider writes a comment, I think you're going to like, because you were bitching about Alan Green's band in me this morning before the show.
The lies of Alan Green's band by William Grider. Who's great, by the way?
Evil and stupid. So William Grider, Alan Green's calling Green's band.
He says Alan Green's band has come back from the tomb of history to correct the record. He didn't make any mistakes in his 18-year tenure as federal reserve chairman.
He did not endorse the regressive Bush tax cuts of 2001 that pumped up the federal deficits and aggravated inequalities.
He did not cause the housing bubble that's now in collapse. He did not ignore the stock market bubble that subsequently melted away and cost investors $6 trillion.
He did not say the Iraq war is largely about oil. Check the record. These are all lies.
Green's band's testimony endorsing the Bush tax cuts was extremely influential, but now he wants to run away from it.
In the instance of Iraq, Green's band is actually correcting his own memoir, The Age of Tribulence, which just came out.
This weekend newspapers reported provocative snippets from the book including this.
I'm saddened that it is politically inconvenient to acknowledge what everyone knows the Iraq war is largely about oil.
Wow, talk about your inconvenient truth. Green's band was blackly acknowledging what official Washington has always denied and news media faithfully ignored.
Blood for oil. No, no, no, that's not what he meant. Green's band corrected in the follow-up interview. Bob Woodward in Mondays, Washington Post,
he was only saying that taking out Sodom was essential for oil security and the global economy.
Are you confused? Welcome to the world of slippery truth, Green's band has always lived in.
He was the maestro as Bob Woodward's loving portrait dubbed him. Wall Street loved the chairman best because the traders and bankers knew he was always on their side and would come to their rescue.
I got to close the door again because we had a false alarm for the start and now we got a real alarm.
I got to cover it.
That's it. Wall Street loved the chairman because the traders and bankers knew he was always on their side and would come to their rescue.
The major news media treated him like an old testament profit. Whatever the chairman said was carved on stone tablets even when it didn't make any sense as it often did not.
Some of us who followed his tracks more closely were not so kind. Harry Reid, now the Democratic Senator, Lee, this had Green's band, was one of the biggest political hacks in Washington.
Amen. I called him the one-eyed chairman who had always fought reasons to stop on the real economy of work and production but was utterly blind to the destructive chaos in the financial system.
No matter the adoration of him was nearly universal.
Until now, the economic consequences of his rule are accumulating and even the dullest financial reporters are stumbling on crumbs of truth about Green's band's legendary reign.
It's so profound and dangerous imbalances in the US economy. That's what happens when government power tips the balance in favor of capital over labor, favoring super rich over middle class and poor and the world.
And then holds it there for nearly a generation.
Things get out of whack in other countries paying big time. A pity reporter's and politicians didn't have the nerve to ask these questions when Green's band was in power.
He retired only a year ago but is already trying to revise history to explain away blunders that are now a financial crisis facing a successor to re-range the facts in ex-Sculptatory ways to deny his right wing ideological bias and his raw partnership and behalf of the Bush Republicans.
The man is shrewd, he can see the conservative area he celebrated and helped to impose upon the American economy is in utter ruin.
He's trying to get some distance from it before the blood splashes all over his reputation. Of course, he also came back to cash in and eight billion dollar advance for a book that is sure to be a huge bestseller.
I don't want to be unkind but Green's Bank could have avoided all the embarrassing questions if his book was posthumous.
I haven't read the book yet but I have a hunch, I'm not going to like it.
This is waiting for the writer to say, the lies of Alan Green's band, liar, liar, your thing is on fire.
But for 150 years old, he don't look all that bad.
That's what Andrew Mitchell says. Isn't that interesting? The incestuous relationship that goes on?
Yeah. Andrew Mitchell from NBC News and Mirried 2-O. All I look at that.
But landing right now, follow us here. The prime landing right determines how much it costs millions of consumers.
Isn't that just what's going on? Is a guy with a heavy British accent from the CNN International Honor Domestic yet? Well, it's that noon to one hour, you know?
We got our noon to one hour and CNN's got their noon to one hour. Well, they're doing it because they want to save money.
So they simultaneously sell a cash and they don't have to pay anybody to be on their at-art.
Kind of like what we're doing with Chris on Thursday for the 18th ballgame, he's going to be covering.
Board hopping. I just think you're in the same category with Johnny Dolan. Don't you feel like a big shot now?
Oh, yes. Sure. I'll make you don't even know who that is. Nope. Well, George will tell you someday. Sure.
George will sit you on his knee and share all about Johnny Dolan. You know the people that you hang up on all day that you don't want to hear from.
Pretend one of them worked with you and was inside the building and you couldn't hang up on them. Wow.
Wait, I've worked with some of this here. Yes. Well, not like this one. Okay.
But he wants to take a leak next to me at the year and let WIOD and I was his claimer fan. He was, so you got off and easy.
You can shake hands. You can shake anything and either die or ran a hell out of there. Sorry, Johnny.
I remember once upon a time when he was working at, I think it was INZ and he was a board off and the Larry Kent was trying to like, I don't remember what that was all about.
Larry Kent was big and fat and dead by the way for many years now. He used to eat just the toppings off the pizza. He ordered pizza to eat the whole thing but just eat the toppings.
It was fine for rankings. My blood sugar was very, very high and very bad for weeks on end now, for weeks in a week. Stress or diet.
I guess about both. No, not stress. I mean, I'm used to stress now. It's become a regular part of my life. But like yesterday, I didn't have that much of it.
And I don't know. I'm not used to that. Right. It's like a tumor. I'll just take a chop it off. You kind of miss it in the way.
From 07 on the OJ poll, we're going to make 1300 a day or a bust. In fact, I wouldn't be the least bit surprised if we can do like 1350.
And then Chris is going to home and go home and write in his diary. Dear diary, today, Neo got me over 13 and her votes on my poll.
You get the one with the diary now. I never heard from Brandon today. I think he's probably PO and he's I'm sure I've to lunch now anyway.
That would not be using a poll of his that we were no. Well, you had the one about the burger joints. He doesn't understand. We've done that one a million times. And it's just, I mean, what's the point? I mean, we can do it again someday. George George seems sour on it.
I guess Eric isn't doing our, he's not taking care of that issue. Am I taking a little while? You think? Yeah, I might take a while.
Because it's still holding pretty much the same 68% say stay on Saturday, foodie. Don't even think about it. Stay retired. Go find, go play in traffic somewhere.
31.9% say, oh, we want you back full time. We can't live without foodie on the radio.
Really, very sad. When you invite people to kiss your ass, it's just, I don't know, don't you find it rather humiliation?
I'm going to be a very nice. Speaking of this old lady, yeah, speaking of boy, talk about father. I didn't even look because I have my pile here like I always do. But I don't even want to see what I had next in my hand.
And I would just think this isn't candy. I'd judge ruling that no bond was necessary.
The question is, Andrew Meyer, he was asking questions yesterday at a university of Florida student forum asking questions of US Senator John Kerry.
He got long-winded. He wouldn't give up. That gave her me. And so then there was a struggle with police. Things got ugly. And the student was tazered while several cameras were rolling. Take a closer look.
I just don't know what I was talking about. I just don't know what I was talking about. I just don't know what I was talking about.
I just don't know what I was talking about. I just don't know what I was talking about. I just don't know what I was talking about.
He looked like he looked more like the guy from the clockwork orange.
Oh, he looked just like him. That same fat face and the same dumb look. He looked a little dim. And of course they were cops too eventually.
That's right. Well, well, well, well, well. Look who it is. Good news for Diabetic says USA today. Both aerobic exercise and strength training improved blood sugar levels.
And lots of both provides the best results in new studies shows. How do you like that? About 20.8 million people in the USA have diabetes, including yours truly type 2 diabetes.
The most common kind is associated with obesity, lack of exercise, and genetics. It's in your genes, baby. It's in your genes. And if you look good, I want it.
Diabetes is caused by the body. It's expected to produce enough insulin. Or at least this kid was ugly that they tasted anyway. If he would have been a hot looking guy.
You have the protest right now in Gainesville. I'd be representing him. I'd offer my hand. Diabetes is caused by the body's favor to produce enough insulin or to use it effectively to reduce blood sugar levels.
Over time, high sugar levels damage large and small blood vessels leading to heart disease, stroke, nerve damage, amputations, blindness and kidney disease. All of these things.
All of these things. Wonderful things. You think that sitting here reading that would like, you know, tell me, stop eating the ice cream in the candy. You jackass. You fat stupid idiot.
Stop. I have to be global. Nothing. Nothing you can do. Teach me. You addict. I'm addicted to him. And I always said I'm addicted to sugar. Nothing you can do about it, but just hope for the best.
And wait for the best. Wait for the worst.
Kind of sounds like that car situation. To test the impact of different types of exercise on blood sugar control, researchers in Calgary and Ottawa, Canada recruited 251 sedentary diabetes ages 39 and 30.
Participants were assigned to one of four groups. No exercise. 45 minutes of aerobics exercise is walking, rind or biking three times a week. Strength resistance is weight training for 45 minutes, three times a week.
Aerobics and strength training training for 45 minutes each three times a week. They were given memberships to an exercise facility as to follow their plans for 22 weeks. They used treadmills and indirect exercise bikes and wore pedometers to track their activity.
The programs were periodically supervised by personal trainers. At three and six months, participants were given a test that measures hemoglobin A1C. I know that that's the H-shell, whatever they call that. H-O-A, the Homo test.
An estimate of the average blood sugar level of the past two months, it's expressed in percentages. A 1% point of decrease in the score, for example, dropping from a 7.5 to a 6.5, is associated with a 15 to 20% decrease in the risk of heart attack or stroke.
And a 25 to 40% decrease in the risk of diabetes-related eye or kidney disease. The American diabetes association says people with diabetes should aim for 7% or less. You know, I don't know what mine was last time when I was at my doctor and the doctor.
All right. Nine something. Not good. Not good. It used to be like, I don't know, seven something. The findings and the anals of internal medicine show that no exercise group had no change in A1C. The aerobics exercise group had an average decrease of 0.51% in A1C compared with the no exercise group.
The strength of any group had an average decrease of 0.38% and participants who did both kinds of exercise had a 0.97% drop. The average A1C for the exercise group won from above 7 to at or below 7%. The other group stayed above 7%. Bad.
This confirms tremendous value for exercise for people with type 2 diabetes and those who want to maximize, did I do the break or not yet? Not.
No. Those who want to maximize the results should do both aerobics exercise and resistance training should lead off their Ronald Seagull and associate professor of Medicine Cardiac Science and Kinesiology at the University of Calgary. For people with diabetes, this is spectacular news. They said it shows how important both kinds of exercise are.
Sitting in the chair and exercising flap in your gums, making sounds with your mouth don't do the job.
Yes. Meal. Don't put an option on it please.
Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant.
This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass.
Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass.
We have not addressed networking aspects yet so currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands.
Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss my ass.
As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass.
As my ass grows larger we envision a time when it will be commonplace for a supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here stick this in my ass.
It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond. Here it is. I just pulled it out of my ass.
Well, plenty of past know. It's a true story. You can look it up for yourself. Check out in the footy.com.
You see the new poll up there? It's kind of like paper or plastic. Would you be in favor of universal healthcare? Yes, I know. I voted yes of course. I'm the 100%. I got 100% more. I'm not even going to register.
If you be in favor of universal healthcare this is the kind of profound radio we're going to be getting from the footmaster. I'm sure from the petalmeister in the near future.
Would you be in favor and of course I love the way the poll is worded. You know like really controversial and you know as opposed to like something about solarish healthcare planner or something a little more media.
Are you in favor of good as opposed to evil? You know which is better? Good or bad? Which is better? Life or death?
I remember I once asked that on the KAT way back when 100 years ago and there were people calling in saying death is better.
And of course if you knew the audience we had back then you'd understand why. How do you like that? Talk about when and doubt chickening out footy, the footmeister before Eric could free that.
And I guess I don't know. I would think it was embarrassing enough because when we checked it out it was all his people on there and two thirds of them said retire. You know like that. It was not only his people.
Eric said a change while he was hitting it up. So he took that. Really? They were afraid of his back. Oh my God. What a bad bad break that is for us. That's okay. At least they can't accuse us of diddling with it because it came off the same as it was in the beginning.
1224 votes in our poll and you can go ahead and creep and have fun with it and diddler with it. We don't really care. We're not uptight. We're not going to change the poll just because people are a diddling with it. You know what I mean?
We're not uptight about our poll. Speaking of that I know somebody who is Larry Craig. The ECU says Craig's foot taps are constitutionally protected. All right.
I bet you didn't know what said that in the constitution. No says tap in your foot can only be good.
One of the nation's oldest advocates of civil rights has come to the defense of alleged bathroom sex soliciting Senator Larry Craig saying his foot tapping and hand waving in their
poor restroom do not provide enough evidence that he was going to engage in sexual activity in public. Just tap in your foot and waving your arms around stick your hands out.
That's right. The AC had you criticized the Minneapolis. I finally starting the test getting here in the back or not. I got the door closed. We had two premature evaluations.
The AC and you criticize the Minneapolis airport police. Sting aimed at preventing public sex in restrooms. The AC and you filed a friend of the court brief yesterday arguing that Craig should be allowed to withdraw his guilty plea to a dissertly conduct charge and fight the case because police failed to prove he attempted to engage in sexual activity in public.
You can't have sex with your feet. That I know. Although I do like feet solicitation for private sex regardless of the cruise in a bar or restroom is pretty much the same.
I'm protected speech under the first amendment said news release from the ACLU. When free speech rise come into play police enforcement actions must be carefully crafted so they don't unnecessarily incinerate people or engaging in constitutionally protected speech.
I don't know you can speak with your feet though. I've heard a body line. Can't use their hands. Tootsie language. Hey, toots.
It's said I'm going to cover coughs in the bathroom stall waiting to be solicited. The AC and you. Is this police should have a uniformed officer patrol the restroom and posted a sign in warning visitors that it was being monitored.
Although Craig has not always been a great friend of civil liberties. He deserves the same constitution protections as every other citizen. The AC and you executive director Anthony Romero said.
Government should make public restroom safe for all but it should do so in a manner that's really designed to stop inappropriate behavior rather than destroying the lives of people who might have no intention to do anything illegal Romeo said the news release. That's right. He won't do anything illegal.
The AC of you put into a Justin department got on policing public places to prevent sexual activity that recommended posted signs and uniform officers as opposed to undercover stings.
Do you ever get a sting out of the cover? Sure. Craig was arrested in June after another cover officer said the Idaho Republican peered through a crack in his stall door for two minutes before performing several actions such as tapping his foot and reaching under the door between the two stalls that are understood to be invitation to engage in sexual activity.
I mean reaching out of the stall. I can't imagine you know that being anything sexual. Don't you do that all the time if you're like in a public tea room. You reach under it like shake hands with the you know all stick my camera under there and take a picture sometimes.
That's always a good idea. Craig pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of the sort of conduct but he sought to withdraw that plea which would open him to harsher charges and being the officer's privacy by peering into the stall.
Peering into the stall man. What was he looking? How do you peer through the stall unless there was like an opening there? You're looking for glory holes. You know what I mean? Unless there was a crack. Maybe he was peering into his crack.
The real motive behind secret sting operations like the one that resulted in Senator Craig's arrest is not to stop people from inappropriate activity. Romero said it's to make as many arrests as possible arrest that sometimes unconstitutionally trapped innocent people. How do you like that?
Poor Larry Craig. His toe tapping is constitutionally protected toe tapping. Today were wrapping but back then they were tapping. When you think can you imagine the founding fathers. Of course I guess they didn't have any public toilet.
What was the world was their public toilet back then? What are you talking about? When did we have flush toilets? When did I get invented? We're going to look up the crapper the John Crapper story. Is that the idea? I'm curious. Aren't you curious when they invented the flush toilets? Yeah, I think in the turn of the century but I'll go with you. I don't think they had no flush toilets back then. I'm sure they did not. In fact, they were lucky they had running water. They ought to.
From 155 votes on the pool Chris is confident we're going to make 13.
So 23 excuse me like I said don't get too carried away. Trove and 33. That's more than food he's got on this pool about what do you like better paper or plastic or do you think I'm kind of spastic. I guess I embarrassed him out of that pool.
Yeah, he felt threatened. Just like we feel threatened knowing that he's going to be coming on the air every day nine to noon. How do we compete with that? Oh my god.
That's enough to make me want to hang it up right now. In 1596 Sir John Harrington said to him invented the Ajax a flush toilet for a lot of the first of England who wouldn't use the contraption.
He wouldn't use the contraption because it made too much noise. His design was ridiculed in England. Yeah. In 1738 a valve type flush toilet was invented by JF Brondell in 1775 Alexander Cummings invented the S type British patent 814 still used today.
Used to create the standing water that were also familiar and fond of in 1777 Samuel Prosser invented the plunger closet whatever the hell that means and on it goes like that.
So that means 90 George Washington and Jefferson and Matt. That's how they have access to a flush turban and maybe they put a whole bunch of inside by each you know they serve space.
Public turrets and maybe you want to look up public toilets and get some good crap out of that.
27 past noon if you want to look at the Simpson and jail awaiting tomorrow's remain there's a bulletin for if I ever heard one.
Q and 40 for goals.
Hey Mac welcome to the deep folks show. I'll be like a handling the ponies and other sports related tips and activities until my
favorite bracelet goes off. Things my yeah.
Anclet bracelet is going off but let's not get into that now.
Two in two and four games for home.
You back forever next four hours until Satan comes on.
I had sex with their mother.
Want to know more? Give me a call here.
I'll tell you how loud she was in the sack.
Three in two and four in four holes and I don't like doing morning shows without my pillow.
It's so cold in here.
I'll try to read your stats and tips off the green sheet but first I need my cheddar cheese.
And then I like beer.
For a little few and more days for goals.
DDo-DDo-D doys.
I'll see you here.
Bows into building now and you're all fired.
And now side my white shoes you little punk.
Yes sir. Whatever you say Mr. Moll me and you.
You should put your tongue and get the dog to wash your mutton head.
You're better watch your back.
I'm gonna be here forever.
I build you in mornings for goals.
Hey where did Mogo?
Did I raise no mo?
Not no mo.
Bows into building now.
Bows out my mommy.
I'm just four hundred thirty and don't fit your voice in a bed.
I still want to walk a long way.
Bows into building now.
Do you want to go up there?
No no no.
Six and seven lit up you in.
Forty-four goals.
Alarm and Hardy welcome the columnist on paratroopers.
That's the situation.
I'll line up a nap for you today.
Evan Skullman can I need shlobbah dinky?
Sure!
I mean what we're trying to say is sport.
Sartre-sartre-sport.
Sartre-sport.
4-5-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8-4-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8-8
7.1.5% say yes, 28.5% say no, no, we don't want that, why would anybody want that? Sounds like a
socialist plot to me, Kami Pinto Crab, OJ-252 vote on OJ. Now, speaking of the Crabber, why
is sure I'm a lucky segue in the things? Oh, there's that last high pitch tone, that means that
the attempt is about over. I think he's going to say, yeah, I can't hear him. See if you'd
let me open the door. Let me hear what he's saying. Go ahead. You're going to die up there.
Jesus, I tell you. Any further alarm will require you to run down this series. Okay, that's enough.
Yeah, thank you for your cooperation. You'll learn to speak English. Get on here.
Oh, there he goes again. Man, have you our attention plays for you deaf people? Didn't hear the first
time? We have now completed our testing, but I just want to keep rambling here, making sounds with
my mouth to annoy the cramp audio, and especially that fag up there who's doing this radio show.
Okay, that's enough. We get it. Bye-bye. I still have Easter. Have a nice day.
Hey, I repeat, he won't stop repeating. We get it. We get it. We get it. Don't repeat.
Okay, the public toilet appeared as early as 2500 BC and possibly earlier as 2500 BC.
I've always been indeed the first toilets were only ever public toilets and only,
you know, Ion's later, people start having them privately in their own homes. Wow, you're looking for
the gender gap has widened when it comes to hygiene and quarterly to stay out by hand washing police.
Did you know there was the hand washing police? No, there ought to be that. Long third of men
didn't bother to wash after using the bathroom compared with 12% of women said the researchers
just find people in public restrooms. I can see an obvious biological reason why, but nevertheless,
what do I know? Right. They reported their latest findings Monday to meet even infectious disease
scientists. And let me say it again, my own personal feeling about that is this.
Unless you have a dirty, you don't need to wash after taking a guide, taking a lead.
You should respect. If you respect your feet, then you should wash before you.
Flatter. And then there's all of these things that you're touching. Other people.
If there's a splatter, does it really matter? Yeah. Oh, well, don't quit splattering, man.
Right? Quit chattering. The study is based on how to quit tap in your toe for crying out loud.
The study is based on observations that has less than 6,000 people in four big cities.
Guys need to step up to the sink, said Brian Sandstone, he spoke to him for the
soap and detergent association. Yeah, let's go sponsors the survey and related education campaigns.
Yeah, they just want to sell a lot more soap. They don't want you to drop it necessarily, but
frequent hand washing is the single best thing people can do to avoid getting sick from colds
and afflooded germs lurking in food, doctors say. And a recent Harris interactive survey found 92%
of Americans say they usually are always washed up after using the bathroom, but researchers for
the American society for microbiology found that only 77% really do when it comes to public
restrooms. That's a 6% decline from a similar study in 2005. The dirty details.
Atlanta's Turner Field Baseball Stadium again was the worst. I'm actually they didn't do a survey
in the orange ball. I'll tell you that. Only 50% percent of guys in Atlanta's Turner Field
washed up compared to 95% of women. New York was second city to Chicago and cleanliness in
restrooms at the Wendy City Shed Aquarium Museum and Science and Industry 81% of men and women
combined washed their hands compared to 79% of the big apples penned and grand central
train stations. Well, if you ever been in Penn station or grand central station, you feel like
you want to take a shower immediately, forget about just washing your hands. At San Francisco's
very terminal farmers market 62% and a half percent of men lined up. You fair women did better
with 84% and thank for that. You fair women. Well, the guys don't want to drop the soap or maybe
they do. Carri sanitizer gels and wipes in case the means to wash your hands aren't handy
suggested. Microbiologist Judy Daily of Primary Children's Medical Center in Salt Lake City who
led this silly project. These are a marvelous addition to plain soap and water she said.
Nearly three-fourths of Americans say they always wash up after changing a diaper. 78% say they
do so after handling or eating food 42% after petting a dog or a cat and 25% after handling money.
34% after coughing or sneezing and wheezing. How do you like that? Nearly three-fourths always
wash up after changing a diaper. And what about the other 25%? I guess they don't. Yeah, that's what I'm
saying. Yeah. I guess the best way to solve that is don't change the diaper. Back it on. This is
Joe Boer on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the Hockey Authority NEO GOD!
Ding dong a disgustuck. What disgustuck my midget junk. Ding dong my winner just got stuck.
Put it in a vacuum hose and sure sucks everyone knows. Oh my god my midget winner stuck.
Hey Rocky watch me blow a hole in the ozone again. This is up my street pistol.
Oh wait, let's just disgusting. It could have been worse. It could have been about the other
aim. Talk about an inconvenient truth. I don't why I keep gaining weight. A recent study shows
that obesity can be caused by a virus. Really? Like catching a cold? Uh huh. And that's why there's
an unnew back wheel. Back wheel? That wheel kills the virus because it's obesity. So you don't have
to do a thing. Wow, great! That wheel. The meal time snarping snacking, munching, gorging,
stuff gut, double large so you don't have to exercise medicine. So I was like my little triple
play there. You know they got all those short bits, all those little drop-ins. I like that. I thought
it was nice. Did you think it was nice? I thought it was nice because you've had much more time.
You definitely want to hold to that. That's really nice. From 164 hosts on our survey on the
pool there, which I noticed nobody's sweeping that one. How about that footy? I've talked about
a coward's final scar. Can you imagine what that would have done to his ego? If Eric could have
run that botan, it would have been like 99% of the hosts say you suck woody. Uh whatever your name
is, uh, footy, woody footy. That he has a woody footy. No, I sure hope not. Can you imagine?
I don't want that thing might go. But any rates, so he changed the pool to avoid the humiliation.
I would already be humiliated if 67% of the audience said we're tired, you know, like that.
Wouldn't you be enbursed in humiliated and degraded? Not if I was footy.
No, he ought to feel natural. Saudi women lobby the king for the right to drive. This is the
group of lunatics. These are the many, in fact, Saudi Arabian Pakistan or the place of
they should be nuking like right now as we speak. Just flattening them.
For the first time ever, a group of women, the only country that bans female drivers,
have formed a committee to lobby for the right to get behind the wheel and they plan to petition
King Abdullah in the next few days for the privilege. They don't come no dollar than King Abdullah.
And no richer. The government is unlikely to respond because these remains so highly sensitive
and divisive. But committee members say their petition will at least highlight what many
Saudis, both men and women, consider a stolen right. We would like to remind officials that this
is as many of said a social, not a religious or political issue said for Yazazwa,
a uni, a thought a member of the committee of the Manders of Women's Rights and Right to Drive
Cars. And since it's a social issue, we have the right to law before. I wouldn't be surprised
if all these women go to Chop Chop Square pretty soon. Yeah, Chop Chop Chop. Committee members want to
deliver the petition to the King by Sunday, Saudi Arabia's National Day. The driving ban applies
to all women, Saudi and foreign and forces families to hire living drivers like Favolizio.
Women whose families can't afford three to four hundred dollars a month for a driver must rely
on male relative to drive them to work school shopping of the doctor. Did you say chopping?
Shopping, that's right, Chop Chop Square. That's where you do your chopping.
The last time the issue was raised was two years ago when Mohammed Al-Zolfah, a member of the
Unelected Consultative Council, asked the colleagues to think about studying the possibility of
allowing women over the age of thirty five or forty to drive unshaperone on city streets, but accompanied
by a male guardian highway. The suggestion touched off a fierce controversy that included, or as they say,
in Britain, controversy, controversy, that included calls for all Zolfah's removal from the
council and stripping him of Saudi citizenship, as well as accusations he was encouraged women to
commit to double sins of discarding their veils and mixing with men. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh,
a veismair. The emperor underscored the divisions in Saudi society between the guardians of its
super-strict Islamic codes of behavior and those who want to usher in more liberal attitudes.
Conservatives who believe women should be shielded from male strangers say, women in the driver's
seat will be free to leave home alone when they go and go and when and where they please.
They will also unduly expose their eyes while driving interact with male strangers such as
traffic police and mechanics. But supporters of female drivers say the prohibition exists
neither in law nor in Islam, but is based on fought laws or edicts by senior clerics who say women
at the wheel create situations for sinful temptation, or maybe just their crappy drivers.
Women tried to define the ban once and paid heavily for it. November 1990 when US troops were in
Saudi Arabia following a reaction invasion of Kuwait. Some 50 women got behind the wheel and
drove family cars. They were jailed for one day. Their passports confiscated and they lost the jobs.
How do you like that? Wow. Although the fhrer over Al's office comments has abated,
anything that touches on the issue provokes strong feelings. In the weeks ushering in the holy Muslim
fasting month of Ramadan, which began last Thursday, a furious debater of the Saudi newspaper
over a Ramadan television serial that takes up the hardships the ban is caused.
In the serial Amshab-Bint Amash, the main character Amshab loses her father and is forced to
relocate from revealed to jidha. After an unsuccessful round of job searching, she decides to become
a taxi driver. A job only opened the men. To get around the ban, she disguises herself as a man
adding a mustache and donniely white robe and red and white checkered headrest at Saudi men where.
When the program was first advertised, some reacted with shock that a Saudi woman was not
like portraying a man, but also one who drives. Consurreless say women should not emulate men in
behavior or dress. Don't wear a man's dress like the Pope, for example. The controversy is forced
to serial writer Abdullah Abdul Amir, the issue of state and stressing the role of the program aired
on the Lebanese satellite channel LBC is not to incite women to drive. All I wanted to do was
raise our contemporaries from a Saudi viewpoint and through comedy said Abdul Amir. But that has
an appease Saudis' determinator uphold the driving ban. In the letter to Al-Hayat Daily titled,
Amshab we don't need you, reader Imam Abdul Wahab wondered why the driving issues become an obsession
for many Saudis and non-Saudis, as this become a weak point for us, she wrote, as a Saudi girl,
I say no. This is a tradition that's become acceptable, she added. No one is any right to use it as
a means to mock her ridicule. Right. On Monday and other Saudi news, paper Al-Waktan ran an article
about a major car dealership sending out invitations for women in jihad to come out and try a new
family sedan for 24 hours. But the dealership stressed the invitation was for women and their
drivers, or the only ones permitted to test drive the cars. Al-Hayuni said she understands that
some women opposed any of the ban. We won't force it on those who don't want it, she said.
The participants circulated electronically for signatures as received a lot of support from
the people in the kingdom from both men and women, as well as from outside Saudi Arabia.
This is the right that's been delayed for too long, she said. I say we just abombed this flat
man, hooked up to the long American jeer, the oil wells and just to screw all of those bastards,
especially the world family, but your crooks. And like Bandar Bush said, what's wrong with corruption?
It's a way of life, what's wrong with little corruption? Or a lot of corruption? And he actually
said that, they showed them sailing, seeing the clip. That was he was not holding George W. Bush's
head at the time, but I think it would have been very symbolic gesture if he would have been.
What's wrong with some corrupt butcher, you know, like that? Right. He was sent to humor for Christ's
face. In fact, I think the comment was some of the richest people in the world got their money through
corruption. In fact, when you say most of the richest people in the world got their money through
bread, I think they did. I would think so. How old? I don't know if there's a better way.
Sure as hell not doing by doing this, look at the pulpit, some of their pain,
me for trying to work on my case. I can't even play fart sounds.
Ain't no fart sounds, anyone? Yeah, why even bother playing that thing? Right.
Now, what's the story on the outcure? Are we just going to have that one forever now? The one that
no, they're going to keep randomizing it and mixing it up and surprising you, I imagine?
No, no, no, I'm talking about the one that I play here, the outcure. I asked Josh,
but isn't that here, I don't think? Oh, I don't ask him. Don't start. 1272 on the OJ
pool. What's your take on OJ Simpson? The Array Ministers tomorrow will be covering that with a
big blanket, even though it courses in Vegas so there's the time difference taken to work out.
You know, we'll do the best we can. Won't we? We'll do something. He's pure scum. 379.
OJ pure scum. I hope he erotic in jail, 357. I hope they killed him in jail, 319.
I hate him like poison, 87. So the first four categories are hostile. But he's misunderstood,
63. I'm sure that a lot of those votes came from inside our building. Maybe Greg and some of the
others voted on that, like Scroan. Is she still there over on the other side of the building?
Wow. And Greg? Greg, who? He's misunderstood 63. I'm a huge OJ fan, 55. Oh my god,
I'm holding back meals from weeks ago. And I'm a fan, 13, just a right out out of a huge fan,
but you know, Sam, I put those two separate categories on here. So those 13 people didn't have to
be great. And he humiliated themselves like the 55 who said I'm a huge fan of this murdering
social. And we never put these associate paths on there. Chris, is that because you can't spell it?
I can spell it. So why did you put it on there? Don't know. You don't want to put it on there?
I'm doing it now. I don't want to be pushy, but get it on there.
Under two hours.
You won't have wearing red to fit around anymore. I'm a self-hating, right-wing moralizer.
A neocon that's more holy than you. I only have just one selfish desire,
cruising toilets to funnel strange duels around.
Three, four and tap your shoe on the floor.
Said to the guy next to me, I think you're part of that.
My looks may not match my very high voice, but in a dress I look just like he's hard of me.
Does that impress you enough to get more?
I said, seven, great, you will report to 2008.
I want to take a little sneaky thing, when by side you take a leave,
I only ask you to help give it a day.
Just for little sneaky thing, you see here, it's all a big thing.
And by the way, I deny that on day.
We can do it in the toilet.
Good.
We can do it on the same.
Absolutely.
I think it had over a sexy boy like that.
Provide a hole for a red to pink.
Oh, Larry, man, they just won't stop picking on him.
101 and 560.
Why should we bother with him when we got OJ?
We're here in scheduled until tomorrow morning,
where his attorney says you will argue to have OJ Simpson released on his own
reconnaissance, the judge in the case saying they considered OJ Simpson a flight risk.
And that's why he was being held.
You know what the irony of this all is, this is ongoing and ambiguous.
Okay.
I don't know if you were with us on that particular trip.
You may have known why.
You see now we talk all the time about how we were both watching it in our hotel rooms.
We were in Vegas watching on our hotel rooms.
Fat Rich was there telling everybody, oh, he's already dead.
The found him on the side of the road in the Bronco dead.
You know, a crap like that.
It's him pick on Favreich, he's dead, you know.
Right.
But he had to have it of talking crap.
But at any rate, so we were in Vegas while that was going on in L.A., you know.
Now he's in Vegas and everybody else in someplace else.
Unless they're in Vegas.
See what I'm saying?
No, what goes around comes around.
Wouldn't it be something if he got on the highway in Vegas
in like a white Ford Bronco
after they bail him out and just hold ass?
No, I believe that it was a setup.
It was very obvious that Tom Astrichi had intentions to set OJL.
No question about it.
I mean, it's easy to set anybody up to go into a hotel room with the
interfere for thugs with guns, you know,
brandishing and they say, hey, get in my crap.
You mother, you know, like that.
I'm against the wall.
Right?
Right.
Sound like a setup to me.
He didn't know nothing wrong was going on.
It's just amazing just astonishing.
And in jail here in Las Vegas, and prosecutors here in Las Vegas also say
that they will soon file formal charges against OJ Simpson and many people
thinking that that will also happen tomorrow morning.
Good, excellent.
I'm like 75 years sounds good to me.
60 years old.
Let him out with his 135.
Sound great.
And guess what?
Put him in a solitary so they can't get to him because I want him to
rot in there on the inside.
I take back what I said yesterday about, you know,
having them do a father gagan to him or whatever or a Jeffrey
Dahmer.
Just let him stay in there forever and rot.
Sound good?
It sounds like a plan.
1289, we need only 11 votes for 13.
I think you got the 1350 made.
I could have said 14, but that would have been a little unrealistic, don't you think?
14.
Yeah.
I guess that's you for it.
Let's go for it.
Shoot for what?
Shoot for the sky?
You're a crazy person.
Why don't we count the ones that we give the footy to?
Well, we don't know how many there are.
They see.
Oh, make it up.
His pool doesn't show you how many votes there are because it's too embarrassing.
It's like the QA and pool, you know.
In fact, they are doing that anymore.
Didn't Judge Courtist come in there like this morning for about five seconds
and say hi to me and like,
this appeared I dream that.
George was in the crampor.
Well, they're Chris.
I can't vouch for that then.
Maybe, I don't know.
Maybe I don't know.
That was ours ago.
You're worse than I am.
You're more seen out than I am.
There's the QA on my website.
Oh, the near Roger show.
Look at that picture.
What kind of a picture is that?
With those thick old glasses,
I don't work glasses like that.
No, Mo.
What is that?
I don't know.
Old crap.
And the redskins, one again, how do you like that?
They proves the dolphins must be really great
because it took over time for the redskins to be the dolphins.
Exactly.
Am I right?
And they beat the Eagles.
I don't see any pull on there.
Let's see.
Pull like is the QA website so much better
because Judge Courtist is doing it or
you want to see Josh's girlfriend naked or stuff like that?
You can put one option on that pull.
There's a picture of Trent Green.
We can really old and bad, by the way.
Like a skin is all shiny.
That's what happens to guys when they get to be like that age.
You know, late 30s, 40s.
Their skin gets shiny.
And I'm not sure about their hiding.
From 92 to one to pull, we're going almost to 13.
So you want to shoot for 14 out of your votes,
you're a crazy person.
But we'll do it.
Maybe the audience will come through first.
They sure didn't come through on the
freaking foot of that footy pool.
I don't think they did.
And we don't have any way to know it.
Maybe he was just getting a lot of support there.
Or maybe he was, maybe he was tapping out a bunch of votes
because obviously he was listening,
which I'm sure he's doing right now.
Hey, Fuddy, guess what?
You're still suck.
After reading the list of phenomenal guests here on there,
and they go, oh my god.
How about abortion?
How about capital punishment, Fuddy?
Come on, you can do it.
How about those casinos, those evil one-eyed bandits,
the slot machines mine?
Well, I haven't been to Woodline for a couple of days.
You know, I was there on Sunday, broke even.
I broke my streak on Saturday,
I had a losing day.
Not a lot, though.
A few hundred.
Not a lot.
Dirt would say, that's a lot.
Okay, that's a lot.
I had a good streak going there for a while.
Really a good streak.
Just blind luck.
Drift into war with Iran out of control
says the United Nations in the Guardian UK.
I sure hope they don't have any of those programming words in here.
I hate that.
The UN's chief nuclear weapons inspector yesterday
warned against the use of force against Iran,
and what UN official said was an attempt
to halt an out of control drift to war.
Out of control.
Oh my god.
His outspoken remarks which drew a parallel
between Iran and Iraq appeared to take aim
at the US and Britain.
No Schmitt.
They followed comments on Sunday night
by the French Foreign Minister Bernard Kushner,
as in Kushner and Tussus,
who said, we have to prepare for the worst
adding the worst is war.
I would not talk about any use of force
from Muhammad Al-Beradai,
quoted as if the IAEA, headquartered in Vienna.
There are rules on how to use force.
I would hope that everybody would have gotten
the lesson after the Iraq situation,
where 700,000 innocent civilians have lost their lives
on the suspicion that a country has nuclear weapons.
There's been a string of reports out of Washington
that the Bush administration is running out of
patience with diplomacy and is intensifying its
plans for restrictions and means of holding Iran's
distributed nuclear programming.
There it is again, MME, MMMMME, programming.
UN official said Mr. Al-Beradai,
an Egyptian diplomat who was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize
in 2005, was attempting to slow down what seemed
to be an accelerating march to war.
There's a strategic reason for doing these things
when officials said he's really alarmed.
He sees this thing going out of control.
The thing you're about here is that this looks like
a run-up to the Iraq war.
Like we've been like, does he rule all over again?
We've been there before.
How are we doing on that pull, Chris?
We're going to make the 1400?
I'll be, I don't know.
Yeah, but we're going to make the 13th.
So, Quartus says you're crazy.
He was not in there?
Not in today now.
Well, who came in there and said, hi.
Nobody?
Somebody did.
See, I have no idea who it was.
No, no, I'd care.
Maybe it was Marco.
Last month, the French president, Nicholas Sarcosi,
sparked a heated political debate in Paris,
when he called the Iranian stand-up.
The greatest crisis of current time,
saying the world had a catastrophic alternative,
an Iranian bomb or the bombing of Iran.
Following Mr. Kushner's comments to
Iranian state denounced France's stance on the nuclear issue,
which has toughened since Mr. Sarcosi election in May.
Iran's state-owned news agency published
a editorial accusing person of extreme
and pandering to Washington.
The new occupants of the L.A.Z.
want to copy the White House that said,
accusing Mr. Sarcosi of taking on an American skin.
Kind of like what's his name?
Hannibal Lecter.
Iran insists on its right to run a comprehensive nuclear program,
e.including the insight of the enrichment of a Iranian,
which it says is intended for peaceful electricity generation.
The U.S. is called the meeting of senior European
Russian officials in Washington this Friday
to discuss the deepening crisis over Iran,
Britain, the U.S. and France elected to push for more sanctions
over Iranian defiance, while Russia and China are expected to resist
pointed with the El-Mister al-Barraday Struck
with the Iranian government last month,
in which they ran agreed to answer unresolved questions
over its nuclear programming.
The U.S., Britain, France, and Germany
complained to Mr. Al-Barraday,
they hadn't been consulted on that,
they agreement that did not mention the UN Security Council
demand that Iran suspend the Iranian enrichment
while its programming is assessed.
See that program with the ME on the end is throwing me off.
In their eyes, the deal gave Terman a means of stalling new sanctions
while continuing to produce nuclear fuel.
After talks with Mr. Krischer in Paris yesterday,
the Dutch Foreign Minister said the Netherlands
would support EU sanctions if the UN Security Council
failed to regret new measures,
need a lands, the Dutch.
Mr. Al-Barraday, Director General of the IAEA,
has been increasingly in odds with Washington,
London, who believe he has strained beyond his job description
and freelancing as an independent statesman.
He wants to be the spokesman.
Maybe we can get to Brian Murray to do what he got candid out of it.
And by the way, that reminds me,
hockey season is in all that far away,
but how about George's whipped up about that?
Maybe we need some tickets for the stage.
Pytle, Jerome McGinnlow led the club and scoring with him.
Well, good for him, okay?
I'm sure we got some hockey stuff on here.
But it's him commercial, wouldn't we?
That's my...
Each drink we had before driving in here is huge.
Time to change the meaning of Taiwan on.
Support project red ribbon.
You hear that project?
See me with the programmies and project.
And this is from others against the law that was driving.
What?
That's freaking out of us.
Is that coming from here?
What?
Project?
That noise hit project.
1,300 on there.
We got 50 minutes to get 100 votes.
That's not going to happen.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Why couldn't you settle with 1,350?
Why didn't you have to like P and my parade?
I was golden.
We're going at 1,400.
Yeah, I outta here.
Let's go, my ass.
If you would push it, what would it be?
14.
I think that footy can get 14 votes.
I mean, that's embarrassing, you know?
Paper or plastic?
And I know that's not even worded correctly.
Not do you favor universal health insurance.
Would you favor?
I mean, well, what does that mean?
Would you if what?
I'm choosing to get it out the Brad May.
Well, now you see what I'm doing.
Changing on the foot.
Somebody needs to take a gigantic water melon
and stuff it in Pierre McGuire's mouth.
If somebody doesn't shut this man up,
I'm going to do it personally, okay?
Pierre McGuire.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, like that.
What is it with these analists, man?
Who never shut up?
You know, I'm talking about sports analists
like that dumb frog homies puffing?
Sports analists.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, like that.
You'd understand if you'd watch some hockey.
Prinsic!
They get through the middle.
For the fun Henry Jennerberg.
Well, good for him.
I smell it.
Ugh, this one's childhood.
Right there.
Shoot me up for the ball game.
Hold me up with the roids.
All right.
So I'll have small nuts and a face that's cracked.
I got two bears growing on my back,
but I'll shoot.
Shoot, shoot some more snare.
Roids for the first.
Great training game.
Cause how else?
Could I join Barry Ponson the whole of fame?
117 at 560 WQAM.
Softwood and Rhyber spend 50 hours a year stuck in traffic.
That means you guys ought to be driving there riding the metro rail.
Oh yeah.
Of course it's nowhere near your house.
Right.
Well, that's just the, you know, excuse.
What about you, Chris?
You look anywhere near the metro failure in Dave County?
No.
Well, why not?
Because I don't.
I think everybody should move like by shorties there.
You know, right by shorties.
I'll fix you how I want it.
And then you'll be right by the metro rail.
And then or you can move to Halea take out there.
Nobody wants to go there, but to take out there.
Like maybe the Halea race track.
There's nothing going on there anymore.
Now today, tear it down as it's still there.
I guess it's still there, right?
I believe so.
Palm trees, the flamingos.
The palm trees that didn't get to blown down by the Hurricanes.
1317 votes on our award-winning poll.
We need to get to a 1400 to make Chris happy.
I don't think we're going to make you happy.
Because according to Eric's projections here,
we need two a minute.
Well, that's down from 2.1.
We're narrowing the ratio, you know what I mean?
Remember Horatio Hornblower?
Sure.
We're narrowing the Horatio.
But we got, I need 83 votes in 42 minutes.
42 minutes, Jesus.
Anyway, the Sun Central just said,
South Florida driver spent an average of 50 hours a year stuck in traffic,
according to a new national study released today.
Get on that metro rail, hop on it.
And those traffic jams aren't just annoying,
they're costing money, baby.
Congestion cost drivers in Broward Palm Beach and
date about $2.7 billion in 2005, or up about the 900 feet
dollars of person, up from $1.78 billion, or $688,
bucks of person in 2000.
The cost show in the Texas Transportation Institute
study reflects fuel cost, vehicle wear, and the value of each motor is time spent
fighting traffic on or off the job.
The Institute is part of Texas A&M University.
How do you place a value on your time?
How do you know how much you make per hour?
Well, I can't afford to be a student, but I'm driving straight.
And if you think there's gridlock there, oh, brother.
Driver's in South Florida spent slightly more time stuck in
traffic than in 2005.
They didn't the previous year when they said idle for 49 hours.
The region might 11th in the number of hours of
delayed per driver. But it comes out 5th worst in the total number of hours of
delayed experience by all drivers, 150 million hours.
The study summed it up this way.
Too many people, too many trips over a short, a too short period of time on a
system that's too small.
Too small?
Yes, like the spokesman said.
Like Stewie Barnes, he's too small.
It could be worse motorists would have spent an
additional four-hour stuck in traffic in 2005,
had it not been for the savings associated with mass transit,
i95's high-efficiency vehicle lanes, and efforts to remove crashes
fast, pronto-tonto.
Robert say 40 and insurance salesmen from Tamarax senses that traffic
condition has gotten worse over the 10 years he's lived in South Florida.
Everywhere you go, just takes longer to get there, he said.
There's always more construction projects going on that seem to take forever to get completed.
The thing I like the best is how they wait until the season starts, you know,
and then they start all the construction.
This one starts getting really busy.
Have you ever noticed that?
Yes, you have.
Uh-huh.
Gabe Rataco, 33 or 4-louderdale, since he thinks the traffic problems have improved.
Overall, it's not so bad.
They're widening all the lanes.
They're trying.
They really are.
Just takes them so long.
Said Gabe.
It just takes them so long.
They're trying very hard.
Well, Gabe is a very forgiving guy, obviously.
Just to maintain the same level of congestion with South Florida's growth,
the studies office, say the region would have to build.
330 lane miles, the equivalent of a two lane road, 165 miles long,
and at 111,000 daily transit or carpool riders each year.
Seeing is that's unlikely.
Co-author and research scientists David Shrank said,
cities in the, you know, you're up to him.
He said, what happened to that?
He said, it's shrank.
David Shrank said cities and regions need a balance to approach the hold-align
on congestion.
Options that flew coordinating traffic signals,
adding lanes and changing grabbing patterns to flexible work schedules
to be more controversial solutions such as regulating the flow of traffic
onto expressways at rush hour or giving drivers the option to ping a tool
to guarantee a quicker commute.
This fall, the state begins restriping
I-95 between Miami-4, Lauderdale to accommodate two toll express lanes
in each direction.
The first of what the state force uses is a network of toll lanes on I-95 by 75 and I-5 95.
Ramp signals on I-95 95 entrance ramps between I-ves-Dury Road and North-West
62nd Street, which were installed three years ago,
will be activated once the I-95 toll lanes open a traffic.
Congestion relief is not just a matter of highway and transit agencies
building big project shranks.
Those are important but so are actions by business and shippers,
manufacturers and employers as well as commuters, shoppers and travelers.
There were some bright spots in the study.
Aren't you happy?
In the 23 years covered by the report from 82 to 2005,
South Florida commuters went from spending 21 million hours a year in traffic
to 150 million hours, although a large increase
in sexual less than the average of 13 other large urban areas in the study.
Oh, thanks God.
And South Florida also is in the worst in Florida in every category,
or landowner's wasted never to 54 hours stuck in traffic.
Orlando ranked number 8 among all cities,
and average delays per traveler.
South Florida ranked 11th and Tampa Bay was 20th.
You know, one thing about Tampa, I don't know how much driving you've ever done over there,
but the light changes and nothing happens.
Light changes and you're like 600th in line, you know, waiting to, and it doesn't go anywhere.
In Detroit, for example, Detroit, which I guess, you know, makes sense because Detroit is
a motor city, you know, when the light changes, even if you're like 10th in line, you can hit the
accelerator. You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Because everybody goes.
I'm not saying they're running the light.
That's one thing they don't do here that they do do there.
You know, like when you're going from a high list or one of the side streets on the sunrise,
for example, you better count to like three or four.
You tap your feet like Larry Creek, one, two, like going so well.
Guess where?
Before you, you know, just because you're light turn green,
because there are bound to be people on the main artery there on sunrise or a lot of those
streets running the light, you know.
So unless you want to get killed by somebody going 100 miles out, some punk who's running the light,
you better just watch it.
Take it slow.
Look this way, look that way and look dumb.
But here they don't run like, because they're too polite, I guess.
Very seldom you see that happen.
Isn't that comforting?
Sure, I don't.
Well, especially now, I'm going to be getting my new car in a couple of days.
You're not going to want me hit by some crazy bastard running the light.
And then another thing here is that too many two day many pedestrians, too many people here,
five million people.
You know what I mean?
No, what do you mean?
I don't know.
It's just congested.
It's like everywhere is congested.
What are you going to do?
We're going to build a highway next to everybody's house.
It's like building a stadium next to everybody's house.
Oh, you know, that stadium, it's so good.
It's a, you know, here's a stadium that is right at the county line of the two most
populous counties of the entire state in Dayton Howard counties.
Hey, right at the county line.
I could be wrong about that.
I'm not sure how many Hillsborough's got.
Well, regardless, there are a bunch of yehoo's anyway.
Oh, that's a terrible location, Neil, at the stadium.
Yeah, right.
1332, Chris.
And your take is what?
Two aspirin take two and call you in the morning.
So much.
Two, two votes a minute in the next 36 minutes to make it to 1400.
And if we do it then,
what he's going to be sitting on a street corner somewhere with his head in his hands,
bawling like a child.
Hey, everybody.
I'm brown and brown accountable for everybody brown and brown.
That's a human being.
I'm a big disappointment, but I got a brown nose and I know where to point it.
There was no rush to get them saved.
They don't vote Republican anyway.
I did everything I possibly can.
They show my support for the club's plan.
Oh, what a job I had as a vector of people.
When I put forth and a weasely scheme,
or an occluseless son of a bitch,
your hits is gigs, brown nose and the bridge.
Your hits is gigs, brown nose and the bridge.
New Orleans is wiped out and gone,
but W said I did one heck of a job,
and it sure pays off.
To be a crowning and another white maize,
the Christian,
Fony,
the National God is down then now.
We thought it's just to get the press out of town.
Everybody go home.
There's nothing to see.
Everything here is big,
cheap pain over hurricane gave us a big bz
for the upon social engineering,
like a giant Republican squeegee.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
Praise Jesus for our Lord and King.
How believe, compassion, what we lack?
It serves the right to have less blacks
and you to send us who say it's a national disgrace.
They shouldn't have been black.
In the first place,
this is no time to play the blame game.
Since we know that the remains are called by Gigi's
who are not the right God of all know.
Like Scotty McLellin and Carl Rowe,
all we're achieving in a parakeet right-wing dream.
To bake everybody white like me,
and an ignorant son of a bitch,
who gets his job ground-posing the rich,
all how I've been spending my deal,
maybe in horses.
I'd rather do that than watch floating horses
on the negligent vertebrae now.
Here's a keep going down.
Keep my nose ground.
I'm a negligent vertebrae now.
But a keep going down to keep my nose ground.
How come a job rounding out?
131 at 560 W.Q.A.
Happy Tuesday to you from all your pizons of Q.A.M.
Whoever they are.
We got 1347 votes on Chris's award-winning pool.
We need 53 in the 29 minutes.
What do you think?
Under two a minute.
We can do it.
1.9.
Only a few folks get with it, man.
Now, and of course, the topic there,
that's the only thing anybody's talking about right now, right?
Are they talking about, yeah,
a little hand anymore?
No.
Britney being on a shape pig.
No, it's over there.
You think she's above the laws.
That's right.
Also talked with the fence lawyer,
Mickey Sherman, about the charges against O'Jay Simpson.
See, there you go.
And that's spontaneous, man.
The whole world is talking about that.
So we're right on top of it.
As opposed to, if you think that footy ought to be
on the air 40 hours a day, stuff like that.
What a jackass.
What an ego, man.
Oh, please, beg me, please, please,
beg me to come on.
You know, they don't want you, okay?
If I had any brains, they'd say,
you know, Saturday is one day too many,
but stick with it.
1349, we're stuck at that.
We need 51 votes in 20 minutes.
Less than two a minute.
And the Eric's extrapolation says 1.9 still.
I think that's, I don't know.
How does that work?
How does he do that?
Math.
1350, we need 50 votes.
Count them.
Keep your eye on it, Chris.
It's your poll, after all.
It's your beta.
Blackwater license being pulled in Iraq.
The Iraqi government said yesterday
it's pulling license of an American security
from allegedly involved in the fatal shooting
as civilians during an attack on the
U.S. State Department,
and motorcade and Baghdad.
The Interior Ministry said it would
prosecute any foreign contractors,
thunder of use, extensive force in the Sunday shooting.
It was the latest accusation against the U.S.
contracted firms that operate with
little or no supervision
and are widely disliked by Iraqis
who resent their speeding motorcades
and forceful behavior.
Interior Ministry spokesman Abdel Karim Kaloff
said eight civilians were killed
and 13 were wounded when security
contractors believed to be working
for Blackwater, USA,
opened for an apron,
a predominantly Sunni neighborhood of Western Baghdad.
We've canceled the license of Blackwater
and prevented them from working
all over Iraqi territory
while also referred those involved
through a Iraqi judicial authorities, Kaloff said.
These spokesmen said,
witnessed reports pointed to Blackwater
involvement but said the shooting was still
under investigation.
It wasn't immediately clear if the measure
against Blackwater was intended to be
temporary or permanent.
Blackwater, based in Mayock, North
Carolina, provides security for many
U.S. immigrant operations in the country.
Full messages left yesterday at the
company's office in North Carolina
where the spokeswoman were not immediately
returned to the AP.
The U.S. Embassy said the State
Department of Motorcade came under
small arms far that disabled one of the
vehicles which had to be towed from
the scene near Nisura Square
and the Man's Sewer District.
An embassy official provided
no information about Iraqi casualties
but he said most State Department
personnel were wounded or killed.
He said unconditioned man
and immediately because he was
not authorized to speak to the
media.
He said the shooting was being
investigated by the State Department's
diplomatic security service and law
enforcement officials working with
the Iraqi government and the U.S.
military.
Prime Minister Nuri al-Malaki
laid Sunday condemned the shooting
by a foreign security company
and called a day crime.
Oh, when you shoot somebody it's a crime?
How about if you like chopped their neck off?
Yes, something like that.
It's a start on me during the break.
I think it was like a double suicide.
Nicole and Ron they did well or murder
suicide you know that packed.
That might do that.
Yeah.
1358 we need 42 votes in 26 minutes
and the ratio is 1.7.
Oh we're cutting the ratio down.
Does that make you feel better, Chris?
More calm.
That is it.
I think you shot a little bit too high today
and then of course,
footies are going to say see they can't
even get 14 hundred votes.
I wonder how many years it takes for
them to get 14 hundred votes
and they leave the pull off all week long.
It's their weekly pull.
W-E-A weekly pull.
That's because he's on like Saturday morning.
But he's a legend in his own mind baby
and everybody who ever sat behind a microphone
thinks they're going to be a talk show host.
I love that.
That just that just cracks my fat ass up.
Well, they should be given the chance.
That's right.
He's been getting the chance so far.
The audience says go away.
EU watchdog calls for urgent action on
Wi-Fi radiation.
Do you know about this?
Nope.
Europe's top environmental watchdog is
calling for immediate action to reduce
exposure to radiation from Wi-Fi,
mobile phones, and their masks.
It suggests that the lake could lead to a
health crisis similar to those caused by
a spiced smoking and live in petrol.
See, here's the birds again.
The independent UK in petrol.
Not gas.
Petrol my ass.
Rhymes would get a big tank.
The warning from the EU's European
Environmental Agency, E-E-A,
follows an international scientific
review which concluded that safety limits
separate radiation are thousands of times
too leans and an official British
report last week which concluded that
it couldn't rule out the development of
cancers from using mobile phones.
Professor Jacqueline McGlay, the
E-A's executive director, said yesterday,
recent research and reviews on the long-term
effects of radiation from mobile
telephotolecular communications
suggests that it would be prudent for
health authorities to recommend
actions to reduce exposure, especially
the vulnerable groups, such as children.
Don't catch your little kids though,
cell phone, okay?
Everybody in their brother now is on a
cell phone.
They got to go like glue to their ear.
Right? Yes.
The E-E-A's initiative will increase
pressure on governments and public
health bodies to take precautionary
action over the electromagnetic
radiation from rapidly expanding new
technologies.
The German government is already
advising its citizens to use wired
internet connections instead of
Wi-Fi and landlides instead of mobile
phones.
The scientific review produced by the
International Bio-Initiative Working
Group of leading scientists and
public health and policy experts says
the explosion of new sources is created
unprecedented levels of artificial
electromagnetic fields that now cover
all but remote areas of the
habitable space on Earth, causing long
German cumulative exposure to
massively increased radiation that
has no present in human history.
Oh my God.
It says corrections are needed in the
way we accept tested to play the
technologies in order to
deliver public health problems
of a global nature.
Wow.
A lot of things to be really worried
about.
And I'm saying don't worry about it.
Just have a good time.
Right? Right.
Like sunny for the market would say,
we're only here for a short time for
what do you say?
Not here for a long time, just for a
good time. That's right.
Nobody said that what he said.
He was right about that.
We're not here for a long time.
Because I would assume that that is
long gone sunny's market there.
Right.
Yes.
Wow.
Good Toronto boys sunny from the market.
Used to bring us what he used to
bring us.
He used to bring us salads.
Those really fancy salads,
all kinds of good things in them.
Oh the challenge and vegetables.
And what about our shell over the
challenge?
Yes.
We need 37 votes in the 23 minutes.
And the racial one that looks like
we need 1.7 minutes.
There's John McCain who is a crazy person.
First floor in many years.
And the most important thing is that I am a Christian.
An amazing person.
Well at least he admits it anyway.
I'll give him kudos for that.
Coming soon to retail stores everywhere.
A new toy line that is heavenly sense.
Introducing Jesus and the Bible Bodies.
Jesus and the Bible Bodies are sturdy,
tough action figures that let you live out
your favorite moments from the old and new
testaments.
Old Testament favorites include John the Baptist.
Now with removable head.
Moses complete with stone tablets and
burning bush stand up kids.
I've got the love god in the puddle my hands.
And don't forget the new cane and able double pack.
Cool.
They're brothers.
Then gets set for all the adventures of the new
Testament with a complete line of Jesus action figures.
There's break in the bread Jesus.
Complete with bread and wine substitute.
Take me.
This is my body of the new covenant which is given.
Risen from the dead Jesus with a glow in the dark
resurrection tape.
I defeated Satan.
And new this fall.
It's Paul my string Jesus.
Listen as our Lord and Savior resides
well known Bible passages.
It is finished.
It's cool.
It's like I'm right next to the cross.
It's Jesus and the Bible Bodies.
Collect them separately or get them in the
Apostle 12 package.
Salvation that included.
143 17 till two.
Well this is going to be really intense.
Really tense.
See if you did just stuff of my 1350.
We got that with these but no not you.
1372 you need 28 and 17 minutes which is like I think
we're back up to 1.8 a minute we need oh boy.
You see how that ratio is moving against us now
because they're not coming in in chunks.
Oh people are going to get on it.
What?
People better get on it.
I think they are on it.
I think that's the problem.
They can't go whole while they're on it.
Maybe they can get off it.
Like Chris would say come on people.
Let's play that song again.
Come on people.
Let's gather around whatever that's on your brother.
Yeah small on your brother in the ticket dump in his yard.
Something like that.
We need 28 votes on your on our neo-rages.com.
I don't see it happening and it's about OJ.
It's the OJ pool.
Once you take that OJ Simpson he's pure scum 400.
I hope he rocks in jail 383.
I hope they kill him in jail 331.
I hate him like poison 93.
He's misunderstood 67.
Right.
I'm a huge fan 58.
He's a sociopath 25 and I'm a fan 15.
Out of 1372 it's stuck there.
I think Eric's got his foot on a break.
Don't you hate when he does that?
Let's go Eric.
I did that request.
I want to give you a little listen to what
Judge Denyze had told us before he had his back.
Judge Denyze had told us before he had his back.
It will be a whole day in hell before you ever see a piece of paper.
On that piece of paper bearing the signature of OJ Simpson and Fred Goldman.
It will not ever occur Mr. OJ Simpson.
Took from Fred Goldman his son murdered him brutally stabbed him 30 times.
When Mr. D.
Thorn Goldman got 30 men.
Because the wrong person at the wrong time and the wrong place.
It is inconceivable that the father of a murder victim
with sit and bargain.
Haggle with a murderer of a recompense.
Amen.
Get him.
Okay, we need 23 votes now in 15 minutes.
Okay, now you're making a little bit of a move.
You need 1.6.
Oh, there's the mug shot of OJ again.
That's the poll because everybody in America is talking about
just when you think he goes away.
You know, like we won't hear him to kick around anymore.
And we finally get a reprieve.
Isn't that what we need is a reprieve?
Mighty white of us.
Just saying the news like that's what happens.
Yeah, but I'm coming to find out that just when we were like,
alien coming back to South Florida.
Wouldn't that be great?
Oh my god.
Can you imagine what?
No.
No.
But he's missing his happy meals for Christ's sake.
I doubt it.
Which means he's probably going to live a long life.
Especially with that great medical cure that Michael Moore told us about him Cuba.
1380, we need 20 and 14 minutes.
I think your audience is starting to come through for it now, Chris.
What time is your show?
I mean, only one and a half a minute.
I've got it to so much tension.
And so yeah, over Mad Dog's dead body will be on it too.
2 am.
That's not a bad time.
Remember, you can do like Moe.
Remember when they tried to stick him on when everybody was still asleep and he was going.
And then of course Greg being the genius that he was.
Greg got threatened to be sued again.
He was always a, a guy to sue this one, going to sue that one.
Remember those days?
I think you remember that.
Yep.
We took the door.
Yeah.
15 and 14 minutes.
We need one.
15 and 14.
No 14 and 14 minutes.
One a minute.
We're down to that.
We've cut that ratio away down.
Each your heart out, footy.
We need one point one a minute to get to 1400.
Which will be a real.
And what's the big deal with that?
We started the van pull 130 yesterday in the middle of the show.
That's right.
Like I said, we only started this pull 945 this morning.
The ain't cheating.
The ain't trying.
What?
The ain't cheating.
The ain't trying.
That's true.
That's what Bill Belichek says in a word.
No problem.
Who cares?
Just crush those jets.
J-E-T-S-S-U-C-K.
Now I didn't hear this morning at the end of Joe Rose's show.
Did I actually hear that he was
confibrulating with Mark the Jets fan and that other jackass is a boyfriend?
What's the other guy's name?
Whatever from Borset.
Yeah.
Richie from Borset.
Richie from Borset.
I heard it.
Why did he do that?
I guess Joe's got a short memory.
I guess he doesn't remember how those two guys almost single-handedly
destroy the worst team.
We love the votes in 13 minutes.
Less than one minute and there's OJ again.
He's been after something that's not there.
Or B, he has found effective ways to shield it to hide it.
He goes, screel it away.
And that's one of the back stories in this new Vegas episode
is that one of the no-good myths that he was currently wrapping off
had been told or been asked allegedly by OJ to help him
screel away money in the some offshore accounts.
So if they can identify that and find that,
then they'll be able to get something materialitable,
jabley.
Yeah, shake his pockets.
Okay, see there's a like loose change in there.
Loose change.
How many people watch that so far?
Loose change.
About 30, man.
How many people will watch that zeitgeist thing?
About 30, man.
That thing is great.
Now, did you watch it?
Did you talk about it?
No, I have it, but I didn't watch it.
You haven't watched it?
It's a suck.
No.
That's right up your alley, Sally.
I know.
It's right there on the first.
1395 plus tax and recampable tire, man.
We're right on the verge of greatness.
If we get 14 hundred votes today,
you could knock me over with a ball-pean hammer.
Wow.
1397.
Three more.
We need only the solemented trace.
Log on the 560-8M forward slash jump.sport hole now.
Let me refresh it again.
Boy, I'll tell you one thing.
I'm going to have a lot of those mad dog.
Yeses.
Those wild mad dogs.
Just like till the end of the thing, the last break.
Don't you think?
Yeah.
First, he goes like this.
Although, I don't know if I'm going to do it.
Well, all right, sports fouls.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
1399.
So far.
Yes!
Up, up, up, up!
Yes!
I'm just kidding.
Yes!
What is it?
There we go, 14.
You have 14.
Let me read it.
I want to see it with my own five eyes.
Oh, there it is.
Yes!
Yes!
Well, all right, sports fouls.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Well, all right, sports fouls.
1409.
How do you like that?
Jackat!
Oh, excuse me.
Pretty good.
See, I, and you were selling it short.
Chris, you kept saying, oh, we're never going to make no 1400.
What are you talking about?
Yeah, exactly.
I told you, when you got the, you're getting paid the big bucks
to do the big polls.
That's what it's all about.
It's the poll.
The rest of the show, tell with that, I'm sorry, clearance.
Since they took our farts zones away,
things just aim what they used to be.
I thought we were making a little bit of a comeback,
though, you know what I was saying?
I was wondering, what?
You know what they say, right?
What do they say?
Ain't no farts zones anymore.
I was out with this thing.
I just was wondering how long would be before we'd hear
from one of the dynamic trio, you know?
Joyce, Joe, and Josh.
Josh, you know, the triple J.
Yeah, the triple J trio.
The triple J lunatics.
Crazy people.
Like a three-man, well, yeah, I include Joyce in there in the man part.
He's got them sure of big pair.
Baddering ram.
Doing everything in their power to possibly destroy.
1405.
How do we go from 1409 to 1405?
I guess maybe I misread it in the middle of my euphoria.
Yeah, I think you did.
Which is not good.
Now, footy on the other hand, what's he got?
How many votes?
I think footy's got in that pool.
Yeah.
Would you be in favor of, I mean, come on.
So transparent and so embarrassing.
And you know who go on Saturday morning and rip me an ass?
Oh, near Rogers, that is.
He's unprofessional.
That was only, yeah, he will.
Oh, he is a scaredy.
Scaredy, what are you talking about?
Why do you say that?
Because everybody's scared of you.
Yeah, right.
Now, who ripped me an ass?
Because I'm unprofessional.
That's what he told all the kids in that school,
and that class he was teaching, broadcasting, whatever,
at BCC, wherever the hell it was.
Oh, you don't want to be like near Rogers.
He's unprofessional.
Don't emulate him.
Don't try to be like him.
He's unprofessional.
There's two times a month when I'm really professional,
footy, you know what they are.
It's the 10th and the 25th on payday.
I'm really professional.
Like Larry King would say, look it up in the book.
Schmuck, Schmerell, Schmendrich, Chiang Ankel, Puts,
but other than that, not that I hold a grudge
or anything like that, but it is.
Come back.
Comes across as being so juvenile, jealous,
and there's more and more jays for it.
You know, we got Joyce and Josh and Joe and juvenile and jealous.
A lot of jays as in J.E.W.J.E. Gov.
Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew, Jew, Beast.
I did love Jew, Jew, Beast.
They anchor a teeth out.
Yeah.
Don't they?
Yeah, they do.
Like if you got to fillins and stuff like that,
they just rip your teeth out.
1408, we thank you for previously.
The audience came through and it's all thanks to Chris.
I hate you, Chris.
If I am in town, at 56o WQA.
Yeah.
A decade, seven ninety radio of presents The Galbi Show.
Yeah, it's me, don't be raised here, you're playing.
I said, get time to high off, shout, I'll shout.
But I don't know, you better be careful.
Niel, manage me in here.
Confidence, I'll smear the clear.
The guy I sold my soul to assures me that it my last chance to be
hide before I fade into oblivion.
So fair.
Well, well, well, here is seven ninety.
We went to a built to a younger,
already in some sport halls.
So high boys and girls.
Well, okay, high boys.
Today, Uncle Galbi is going to teach us how to read the sports page.
Okay, yeah.
Let's see, yeah.
We got here, we got there.
Oh look, there, dolphin training here.
And over here, we got there.
There's a jack who's a schwitzing over here.
This is a goby here to get all the, all the statistics.
I got the doubt, I got the doubt.
I got the doubt, I got the doubt.
There.
Oh look, we got a phone call.
Yeah.
No, no, no, no, no.
Where are you, Mo?
I'm here to collect.
Yeah.
It's time to pay up your numbs, go.
You can have a show yet.
I don't even got the phone call.
It's quite a nutty.
You stink, pal.
That's it.
I'm taking your soul.
You don't even get your pants.
I didn't want the rights of the pants.
Oh no.
You have to go.
I'm shouting in this day of school.
Oh no.
He has to go.
Oh no.
He has to go.
You have to go.
He has to go.
He has to go.
He has to go.
He has to go.
Bye bye bye.
