Don't care how many day go get any what free spot gun bars come out of the woodwork
They're breaking up with me in a birthday card.
Well, they don't make virgin up cards.
I'm fire, I see all of them.
Beacuse you'll go be sick.
You just have to be a bad day.
I've had a bad day.
Subscribe to this pew-bad day.
Because you have a bad day.
You take it one down.
Take this down the floor.
Just turn it around.
Take it down the floor.
Tell me no more.
You're gonna smile when you go for a ride.
Yeah, it's a bad day.
Yes, he's been fired.
You fired.
You need to pack everything and go.
Now that's when I call a bad day.
Alright, look, I've gotta hang over to those who have been.
He lost his generals in the fight.
He's just been arrested.
We've lost our mojo.
I think I'm going to be sick.
You're fired.
I've got one going in.
Yeah, it's a bad day.
You're killed, don't lie.
You're killed, but it's bad.
You're killed, but it's bad.
You're killed, but it's bad.
Yeah, it's a bad day.
I'm too low for this.
I saw this drunk guy throw up.
And then a pigeon ate it.
He broke up.
He cheated on me.
I got kicked out.
She dumped me and broke my heart.
You broke your penis.
I paid my ass with just not the wet pipe.
Then a one guy there is,
is I have one going in.
What's wrong with that?
What do you need a pair for?
You know, when you come right down to it, what do you really need to?
It's like a pair.
So you have a pair of pair.
Why a pair of pair?
It's what you need to dress for when you can have one big round one right there in the middle of your chest.
And by the way, Mariah, Louis still ain't interested.
Okay, hey, Louis.
You're fairly.
I notice he's on our main MySpace page thing there.
He's on.
I never noticed that before.
There's a picture of Louis Miguel.
How they have forgotten, you know how?
We better start getting some of that Louis Miguel music on again.
If you'll let me know.
I'll crank it up.
You got?
Got Louis Miguel?
I Louis Miguel.
I put it into the computer here so that I could make you that data desk.
Remember for your parents?
That's right.
That is correct.
And it's still there.
I think that's one of my greatest all-time accomplishments on the Legendary Neararajer show as Beckman.
It was simultaneously casting us in Tampa and that Unchist Redneck Yehu knows picking horseball town called Tampa on W. West U.N.
And I actually had Redneck's by in the Louis Miguel records in the records deris in Tampa.
I know that for a fact.
Remember we see it calls.
We don't want to overdo it though.
What's that got to do with Mariah Carey?
Hey Mariah, guess what?
Yeah.
Well a little more, you know.
You might occasionally dabble on that side but not too often.
1118 votes on yesterday's pool.
Now what was the story?
That's where we had the ball game yesterday.
Anybody know that the Marlins winner loses.
Anybody know that there's anybody care?
No.
I didn't think so.
Exhibition goes.
Yeah, the 151.
All right.
Let's hear we love the Marlins.
In fact, the game was probably so simple-ating that we ought to replay it starting at 11 this morning would be good.
I think that's a plan.
I like it.
I like it.
I like it.
Excellent.
And even though I have another losing day at Woodbine, which seems to be every trip there pretty much mostly, but not that bad.
In other words, it was a marginal plunge.
How's that?
Now what Hank was in there the other day, he's confabulating with me during a break.
And I sure wish I could have heard what he was saying but Chris had the...
Well, it's not your fault.
He's getting better.
Yeah.
I could barely hear the offer.
But anyway, he was going on about, hey, he's been winning so much lately and his gambling exploct in his legendary.
The legendary gambler, Hank Goldberg, is he going to be on today or what?
Let's take a look at that schedule.
Today is the Ize of March.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Ize of March.
Everybody knows what that is.
Uh-huh.
Mad Dog at the Rival Sports Wheel at 2 o'clock.
That at 4 to 5 it's the power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog together at the Rivals.
What does that say?
At Rivals, Cop at Rivals.
What does that mean?
Oh, that's the wrong shot.
I don't know.
He's the uptake guy.
Produced a seat.
Well, well, whatever.
So, clearance had so much to write on here that he just couldn't handle it.
He just crumbled into the pressure, which he's already doing.
Nice job on those numbers, by the way.
clearance, you're building us up to a nice solid one share across the board.
Nothing like consistency.
Hank at Rival Sports Grill from 5 to 7.
So that's what works all going on today.
Then you got your Panther preview at 7.
I heard him this morning and now I shut the monitor office as soon as I heard that voice.
Panther preview at 7.
Panther is on the Saber's at the Macarena at 7.
30 and then followed by ADK from Vegas.
Well, everybody is somewhere, you know?
Well, that's the Mad Dog in a Humpler at Rivals and ADK is in Vegas.
And he was in Toronto.
But I mean, but I mean, but I mean, all this stuff.
All of these.
All of these things.
Here's the pull from me today speaking in silly things.
This was discussing, you know?
But you think you own a apology to the audience.
And by the way, Chris will be pleased to know since we have a full four-hour show today.
I'm not really happy about Kenny promoting everybody should be watching at 8.
He didn't really put it that way, but you know why remind people?
Why remind us it's like saying well this is the show we got on coming up next, you know old NEO
It's got nothing to do with sports and with college hoops
But 1230 get on a barcalauger and bapapaya. Barc here allows you this. Okay you jackass
I think they got to take that square table and you know just turn turn the thing over on his ass
They will have all your march madness updates right here. Yeah good. I got now. I'm sure I'm gonna be able to in fact
I'll tell you what because we're so sports intensive on the station because our program director and the people at
Owners station are sports nerds. Maybe we just put the audio from that on here. I mean which animals are gonna be on Chris?
Well, uh, yeah, I'm sure it'll be on it's gonna be on what?
CBS. CBS. CBS. Well CBS. Well CBS. Here is the channel
16 is CBS. Well, I like that. Watch the local bus. We'll do the play by 16 all the time. Here's an on tell
We're gonna show you how it has made
Escape therapy a very heavily well. Oh, XK therapy with Montel there we go XK
That's like being X so you're X alive or something. Anyway, we're getting back to this X human
The most embarrassing bodily function older or abnormality that could happen to me with other people around is
Cutting a louder bad smelling fart boy. They ain't nothing close to that. It's a good thing. It's not close boy
591 I think I've had an excellent point yesterday. I don't want it well on it. I don't want to linger on it too much
But the same you follow what I was saying what you saying to you if you're alone in the room and you do it
You're thinking oh man. It's really great. You know, right especially if it's loud
No, no, no, that's not you have your rip one. That's good. I usually do that in the bathroom and the more when I'm shaving
You're just before I hop in the shower before I get in the shower
Which really pisses me off because they when you do it in the shower
That's when you can really enjoy all the hot and steamy flavorful aroma
That's really a few sticks in the bathroom are really good too. So farting and seeing sounds much better and reverberates on all my glass
So on a wall sounds like a riddening rate and but if somebody else melted
Oh, geez who died in here. Yes, I don't know. It's the same. It's the same exact substance in the year
But it's just a matter of perspective I guess you know
Cutting a louder bath smelling fart 591. I didn't say that by the way Joe Joe gets very very upset and nervous when I say anything about
Farance. I'm sorry. There's no such things as far just it's just imagination
Bad breath. Don't listen. Don't go there. Okay. If you're smart don't fart
Bad breath 127 sneezing and shooting snot 88
You think it's an enjoyable experience, but it's not I hate this pull 87 7.7 percent well
You know they they just they hate everything it's a soft Florida fn. Way and that's because there's a lot of unhappy people there
And of course if I was forced to be there against my better judgment
I'd be pretty po2 luckily. I'm here and I'm not there. Oh kiss the ground in Toronto, baby
And yesterday again was like 58 I think yesterday not today
But it's a little preview of spring up north
I'm getting another expected stiffy in my pants 59. We won't touch that well
Spit flying out of my mouth while talking 33 having a fishy smell women it says, but not necessarily
28 there's some oriental people I hate to say this but oh boy
Smelly under arms 26 in fact they smell a little bit like Luca Brasi because they sleep with the fishes
It's a decision message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes
Smelly under arms 26 a pimple on my foot 20 a food between my teeth 20 visible nose or ear hair 13
Stomach rumbling 13 like my dentist was doing there on Monday
Although, you know, I think that made it a little less the previous Monday was much more
Aggravating to me a lot more pressure and he had that big red rubber ball in my mouth. You know, I felt like choice
But this Monday I think the fact that his stomach was rumbling kind of like it was a distraction of that version
And I was thinking more about that than the fact that the pain was so grotesque
In fact, obliting finally stop today. It's only Thursday Dan Roff in my hair nine
You better get head and boulders baby burping for
Disgusting oh and you know in in Holland in I can't say in Holland because I never really been
I've been haven't been like you tracked and all those other great
Tide cities, but I'm stood on
They do that they go out of their way to Belfast lot
Chinese you that too or is that just something that Chinese people say that's what I heard
I never heard the no jinx to that Chinese or the Japanese one of those you know people one of those Asian groups of people
Burp it's supposed to illustrate or what it's a statement that you're enjoying your meal or something. Oh, I see
I'll make you work your suit
It's your noodle bacon is more when you shut up already Jesus God. All right. All mighty
Chrysler motors burping for and the numb for having the hiccups
Which other than that chick that's been hiccoping for about five years the one over there on the west coast
Listen if you live in Tampa or loops or one of those plays you'd be hiccuping a lot too at least it at least it takes your mind
Like I'm talking about a diversion with the dentist. It takes your mind off the fact that you're there
And women with a facial hair telltale must have it none because that's that's not a bodily function or abnormality
It's just if they wanted to shave it off the beard and the mustache they could do it. Maybe it's a fashion statement
You never know. Mm-hmm. WQ. I am hello. When you're doing sure. Okay, yeah
So that's our poll from yesterday the one day we got it like I started telling Chris a moment ago
We got a lick eight hundred and twelve votes already
So confidence is very high this I don't know why I even paid any attention to this
But the Sun sent on made such a big
Sinus out of this it's almost like when steak and shake first arrived in time remember that few years ago. Yeah
Why do you say it would such a dismal everybody's making me a huge deal about it
But what there's one place open way out in Yenum's belt no, there's out by my house
It's like that's that yeah, it's out there by the bottom of the belt and that's not the only one is plenty of steak and shakes
They're shaking it and they're staking it I never see like oh they got the best shakes at stake and shake
It's right there on sunrise. What are you talking about mine? You better get with it man because you just don't weigh out here
So in other words the sunrise and plantation acres is way out you under now the belt see the enemy's out. Yeah
Go I am talking it is sure you only hear this on QA and the only radio station in North America where you'll hear go
I'm talking it is or anybody talking you
It's a question here in Tulsa. That's the way you say
They're coming off the deal with some now once pace off coming up by the way when's past over we know Easter is like April
Sixth is good Friday. I guess the eighth is Easter something like a week before or something right?
What is it and right there?
We before I don't know if the Jews have a head start program. What does that mean the week before I will did that happen
Is it a little bit too difficult for Chris to turn around?
I've got somebody sent me out on our thought on a calendar
It's not going in there. What is it a calendar for goiam? It's not a calendar pass over
Where we're very soon is gonna be passing off pacidickey candy Stabby buddy whatever the hell that means and get a little bit of wine
Little later on the summer last summer was a saider maybe that Jesus Freak was a Jew man
James was a weak for what the week before on Sunday on the second
April
Well, so that means I'm taking off an extra week of vacation is that the week you're gonna be off?
That's why judges on vacation a week for pace off. That's right. I'm gonna have my last
I'll have a season pace off as they say and I have no idea what that means nor do I care
Does it mean that is it's all about to go to go 12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQ in
Rogers, huh? This court lines you
Get ready
For this
I can't believe this I could actually go to jail
Right they said he's guilty all the way
He lied and now he's
Just need to see him go
So the saliva just to get us to war the whole story was I can't say
Live
Hall of Burton sky high while we're getting poor
That will never be able to afford my attention
Push and Jamie must have been high to think we let them ruin our lives
And we just need to see them gone
Live behind a bad day
Shooters going down give the fence a song about to dig it in out
It's what you are told
Teenie said to lie there
I'm going down
That's why you let us say
Clear a lie
Long down to you and see you time
It will be yourself
Hey
You in the face
10 18 at 560 WQ I am there to be great used to be great want to be great
That's what Bruce Beasley told me we are going to be the best damn sports station
And I looked at him and I thought I don't know a sports show you clown you use silly person and he said well
You know I believe in a honest days work for an estate pay days pay and I got out my banjo and I went then I am down down down down down like that
I'm not a smile that then I'm a damn it and you plot as guitar
I'm ready to run Paul nine-term Texas Congressman who hates George Bush like poison and ripped the war in Iraq and he's gonna run
He announces candidacy for the Republican presidential nomination yesterday is anybody care?
No anybody know Ron Paul. No anybody give a flying no no I just mentioned that everybody wants to be president
I think you know who we need to bring back for a little comic relief I
Give up who let's see wait a minute. Let's just let me just find the right fit. Here we go
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah go up your sleeves and do do do but at the end you know
Roll up your sleeves get out the old man. How many times you have to watch and I ain't gonna man. Yeah
You're not the old studies lift up the hood go to mat all these things
You know
Well, that's really said Ross P roll man and obnoxious little bastard with big years
Although I sure would have been better than what we got right now of course then again
So it would have anything else it's kind of like the programming crosses three dead air would be anything
And just about what they got on here and that's why it's just amazing to me, but I don't want to go into that again
Okay, so I tease this before and you just kind of let me off the hook for old times sake. Oh, it's taking that
Time can't do it challenge
And that was kind of interesting because you know time Hagen wasn't in the muscle into the family
Mm-hmm, but he could flex his muscle when he needed to when he kind of like gave the knot of the head like yes stick him in a car and
You know, it'll be an accident and somebody got hurt anyway. It's not even open yet
But the new cross brings chickfully is already drawn crowd. It's a oh man. It's open now though
Well, why is this a story?
You think they're you think the people from the Sun sent a lot are like eating a freebies there or something like that
There's nothing I despise more than people eating free meals from radio stations and newspapers. Oh, I'm sorry
Now see that's that's the perk of being in a business if you can't get your free meals and what the hell's the point of even being in it, you know?
Especially for you guys chickfully
Now what I've seen it. I mean, I know it's a chicken joint
What's the deal with that the nation's second largest fast food chicken chain?
Mm-hmm. I'm sure we know what the first one is like right next door there a KSA begin to run crowds of groupies to its new coupe and
Coral Springs really as they anticipate if it's grand opening today
They were they were a wow. They were all gathered around yesterday for chicken. Oh, I got to I got to blow my nose all right
Well, it's not it's not good. I want to keep going. That's disgusting. Yeah, oh man
Yeah
How much better. Thank you. Well, let's see. It's informal here because there's nobody around
I got like a drawer over there. I got all those old AC and this can air along with little hanky spanking case
I sneeze and mong all over myself
Oh, not good more than 50 people while a crowd
That's like bigger than the audience. We got a certain day parts more than 50 people flock to the restaurants a new standalone restaurant a
1341 North University drive and start to camping out to be among the first 100 people for today's opening
Which has already happened if you miss the opening of Chick-fil-A and Coral Springs, you missed it. Damn it
The restaurant opened for breakfast at 6 this morning in the first hundred patrons got 52 coupons for a one-year supply of Chick-fil-A meals
Well, no one that they were all lined up but your free loaders
52 coupons for a one-year supply of Chick-fil-A meals the Coral Springs location is the first free standing Chick-fil-A drive-through and
Broward well, that's very
That's like saying that the CN towers the world's tallest free standing building which it is usually they are they're all in malls and stuff the Chick-fil-A's
Oh, so this is I guess that says most of the chains other area restaurants are mall-based if you would let me get hold
Sorry last sentence here. We would have known that but you know
That's fine. You got to be Mr. Smarty pants. We know that you know it all and that's great. I'm happy you know it all because I don't know much
What the Atlanta based company plans to open more than a dozen new locations in software the next three to five years
And this is written by Jacqueline Jovas at the Sunsendel and if you're sick of this give her a call all right
I will oh what is that they have good chicken sandwiches?
That's their big thing but also their other big thing is waffle fries
Waffle fries I like waffle fries. I don't like regular fries, but I do like waffle fries
They're good. You know what really sounds good to me is cheese waffle fries. She's walking that does
Is that what they call? I do believe they have those in crystal
I'm not really sure and then of course and we have that one lonely crystal on powerline road somewhere that everybody calls
About whenever I bring that up and I don't have any idea where it is you wonder what really care because
Because with crystal the burger was about like like I
Or any teeth of an ounce and the bun is like fluffy and big and all carbs and what what you know what I'm saying
Yeah, the bun is like fluffy not that huge but just compared to the burger. It's gigantic. It's monstrous
Q a.m. Hello
Think about the chip for lay as you walk in and built like a chicken now. Yeah, okay a coupe where you ought to be
WQ a.m. Hello
Thinking now speaking how you doing good? I just rode by the chicken flag flooded with people really
Yeah, they're out in the street their wave and hey come on ever to check in and all that kind of stuff
No, I'll be damned well. Let's go do it. Don't get hooked in there, man. There's like three people there. I think
Oh, so I don't know what this is maybe it's my allergies acting. I'm allergy to work
See when you're off at 1250 like we were yesterday for the ball game
In fact, I was out of here so fast that my can't bear wasn't even down there yet
He's always a few minutes early, you know because I told him on the clock
And I was downstairs at five to one and I called him up
But I said hey listen where are you you crazy terrorist bastard? No, I didn't say that he's a good guy terrorist
Dominic Q a.m. Hello
Neil yes, sir
The first guy in line was from
St. Petersburg
But that chicken yeah, it probably drove down. Yeah, I would think so he waited all he waited from six o'clock yesterday
Just to get three chicken for you. Well, I hope you got plenty of it, sir. I hope you enjoy it
Hope you gag on it WQ a.m. Hello, I had to be him. You know that Q a.m. Hello
Neil you should be ashamed of yourself about Kenny and you're talking about how he's talking about the
So fast at all after the way you talk about his show and dog on him all the time. Yeah, yeah, you're right
That's a good point
It shows off
Don't you know now I'm just going to be there it's going to be in the dog Q a.m. Hello
Oh
WQ a.m. Hello, I know how you doing. Okay, good. I listen to you guys all every day on the road all day
The crystals you're talking about
Is on power line and sunrise see did I say power line? I said that. I think yeah no, I'm sunlight's bullet bar
right and you want to definitely when you pull up to that right through just keep your head low
Because it's not the greatest area, but the hamburgers are outstanding
Yeah, absolutely
A crystal what are you talking about?
Good
If you're in the right mood for those little sliders or whatever you call me if you're in the mood for that they don't win
Arles I'll tell you that by the way, Wayne if you're out there listening somewhere call us again one of these days when you're ever gonna open up again
The years keep ruling by every once in a while when I least expected a punch up a line every way in our old
Give me the latest update. He's working feverously to get that Royal Castle going again
I've said you Royal Castle's got it all over and so did what castle all over crystal
Although anytime you're in Tampa you're so depressed and so anxious to get out of there that what you do is you
The one on Dale Mabry is always good to pull off to the drive through and you just open up the truck and say fill her up
Maybe they've thrown in about four thousand of those greasy little cheeseburgers those sliders
And then you get some of them cheese fries to get your and you get that among all of the steering wheel as you're driving
It's really good and then you get on the highway and you just you're for it. Just get there out of there as fast as you can
And you head for loops and the temple terrace all of those places
26 past 10 really seriously what what happened is this like some kind of a
genetic well
It's like the missing link on that part of the state is something missing there like I think it's in breeding
There's all those centuries of inbreeding that could be like in Tennessee like a Nashville
You've got a love Nashville
Don't try to start be a driving away between me and Kenny Walker. Okay. He's okay in my book although that's show well
864 votes on a pool and see I thought they were doing entertainment show
What does he give such a crap about the damn college hoops all about it's a sports thing okay make up your mind who did know for
Entertainment you know is it entertainment or sports what are you gonna be what is it gonna be this week?
It's gonna be an entertainment show. There's gonna be just another damn sports show which we got way way too many sports shows already on here in this town
Way too many one is too many way too many sports shows
I think this afternoon mad dog in a hubbar ought to talk about strip bars and getting laid and stuff like that
You know and about the big boobies things that people really care about
As opposed to some stupid-ass bunch of ball games. Don't let me forget by the way 1230 it's a college hoops. Okay
27 past 10 a Q a
King mountain North Carolina as we go to calls for Oprah. Hello. Oprah. I was wondering were you sexually active in college?
Yeah, and I thought whoopi was amazing. Nothing like it. Yeah, nothing like it Chicago. Hello. I hope I love the show. Thank you
Someone told me it's illegal to run into a crowded buffet in yellow Oprah. Is that true? Yeah, who knew who knew?
Boonsboro Maryland. Hello. Hi Larry. My question for you. Okay. How much do you weigh?
64 63 yet out. Oh Houston, Texas for Oprah. Hello. Oprah. I'm trying to earn money for college
Do you have any suggestions?
prostitute yourself and so yeah, variously. Yeah, on the streets. Okay. Okay. Hope for a week.
Well, that's a lady. Oh excuse me. Could have fooled me. If you hear anything in the background
They do another one of our fire alarm tests. At least I think it's a test if it's for real
You'll be able to smell the fumes and the good news is George reports today that the work the guys in a roof ain't working
Yeah, so far so far so good. Only the after effect remains
I'm gonna try to give you your lungs the one day reprieve I doubt it
But you know just count your blessed. I think I never think he votes on the pool
Oh, and I never even did the pool today did I never got around to it
They were too busy with Chick-fil-A
And then we had like 600 calls all of which were the same person by the way, but nevertheless had a lot of response on it
883 votes on this pool embarrassingly. I don't know
blank now leading by far. I know the answers to everything on here 634. Thank goodness for that. I know them all
I know it all man and now what they said that one pull that day and you'll mose it off. That's right
That's why he's a blathering idiot
634 no answers to all these questions well good that's 72 percent. I hate this pool another 10 percent 89
Embarrassingly, I don't know the words to the star spangled banner 58. There's nothing embarrassing about that
It's a horrible national anthem. It's an awful song and it just makes the only one I ever sang it right was Jose Feliciano
Remember that he sang it
Yeah, the start you don't have that
You better get closer mister. I thought you were an expert on all this crap
Anyway, words to the stress button. Can you hear the beeping on the thing in the back? Yes, hose the door you can hear it
It's gonna get hotter and hell in here too, so I hope that they is create up already you idiots
I'm vericingly I don't know the answers to several of these 51 of that is embarrassing where Iraq is on a map 18
I guarantee you that the honest answer is a lot more than that 18 my ass, okay
In fact, if you look at a map of my ass, you'll see Iraq
It's all miss shaping the answers to any of these nine. Yes, messed the Potemia
The pleasure of allegiance seven who are nations capitalist name for six. Oh, isn't it able in colon our first Jewish president
What sides fought in the civil war three? How many stars there are on the fact flag two
How many states there are in union to come on what your American declared its independence to and who was the president before W2
888 there are two idiots out there. They don't remember bubble come on
Oh, baseball coach heard in deadly bus crashes being released from the hospital. Let's breaking news
I'll see in a breaking news
I'll be put about okay. That's that Tony Harris that smung idiot on there can't stand him boy. He gives me spiel keys
I just can't stand his whole
syrupy silky smooth
grotesque attitude is something about him
So who cares about the chick filet anyway? What's the big deal?
I'm more interested in the orange bull not the stadium. Oh, remember that once upon a time
I mean it's not before your time like in day land every shopping mall of any size had an orange bull where they had that plastic
The plastic slices of pizza they tasted just like plastic and like orange drink and all kinds of sugary
Carbohydrate leading stuff that would just is that still in business or what I have no idea orange
Julius is still around because there's one in the eight in center boy sure wish I could have that I haven't seen any of those down here like
Orange
Yeah, get out of here get out of town. All right. I'd love to
WDQ way and hello Neil good morning. Yes, sir. I don't know
You guys choose me. I got a little cold here. That's okay
Yeah, I don't know a couple of weeks ago
Talkers magazine and if you mentioned it you made their top 100 most
Yes, 69 I used to be 14 or 15 but I fallen just like the numbers, you know dropping like a rock
No, it's good to see you're still in the top 100, don't you yeah? Oh, yeah wow top 100 that's quite an honor
It's like saying in top 50,000, you know what an honor
Anyway, the only reason I know that we did craft so it'll write your mind okay
Whatever's left of it it'll rot a talkers magazine is for idiots
Right, I understand the only reason I have a mission is because Howard mentioned it the other day
And I know that I would be there will know is thank you very much
It's like a week and a half or two weeks ago and he said oh he's a lot better than that
He ought to be ahead of most of these people. That's right, howie
Are you serious or what yeah? You got to go on serious? You don't think go on FM and go you know take a big dump in the middle of young
Street and just have a wonderful level all these people do this do that
You know just leave me alone. I'm doing just fine just fine
Huh yeah, that too. W-Q-A-M. Hello
Q-A-M. Hello
Oh that'll be today when I got scared that'll be the day when I left one pass
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha all right buddy. Holley's been in the box all these years
And he's still cutting them up or just cutting them W-Q-A-M. Hello
I know.
Yes, sir.
Who's the one you were talking about on your rating?
No, it is.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I want to get a lot of calls today because they got short the ball game.
It's a 934 votes.
What about 894?
What did I say?
Well, I'm reading cock-eyed here.
894.
So it'll be well on our way to the top of the arrow.
It'll be way over 900 and Chris has really pumped up about that.
He's jumping for joy.
Why?
Definitely.
Yeah, I think that's a great idea.
That was Brandon's idea.
Thanks a lot, Brandon.
By the way, the two videos you put on.
There's a two-you cheater that you're no longer.
What does it say?
They're no longer available.
They're no longer available, right?
Yeah.
So I appreciate that very much.
And George keeps telling me I got to see the South Park episode.
Oh, yeah.
Even more so than last week, although both of them.
They're about different things and both of them are must see.
Well, I'll be scouring for that.
Since there isn't any hockey games in Italy,
so play the lot in the wild.
Replay the lot in the wild.
I believe I'll play your part.
It'll, you know, you might mess yourself.
It's so funny.
Really?
Well, I'll be sure and have the depends on.
A Senate Republican is calling for attorney general.
I don't stop with his fire alarm.
I mean, how long can he go?
Beep, beep, beep, beep.
Oh, my God.
Beep, beep, beep.
I'm going.
Oh, and also speaking of the morning,
sure, I'll get back to this in Alberta, VO5 in a minute.
Speaking of another reason to rip them and ask, you know,
I, like I said, keep them honored down as low as possible,
because I really just can't handle that square table
and get your not straighter buyer upside down.
Or, you know, but somehow Tim Hardaway came into the conversation
again this morning.
In Kimber both campers.
See, it's a fraternity.
It's this sports fraternity.
Birds of a feather, all the jocks, all the guys that take showers naked together,
they stick together.
And so all I heard was, Kimber said, well, you know,
it wasn't that much of a big deal.
And Timmy will be all right.
And, you know, I'm sure he probably hasn't changed his mind of what he said.
But, you know, God, you guys said worse things than that.
Timmy this and Timmy that Timmy Timmy.
Sounded awfully familiar to me.
Timmy Timmy.
Sounded like they were doing something.
Maybe, maybe, Bo Campo would like to share with Timmy Hardaway.
Really was.
It was just grotesque and unacceptable and embarrassing and humiliating to me.
You know, if he would have made some comment about all you crackers,
whatever like that.
But because it was a fag comment, that's still socially acceptable America,
especially among in jock circles, you know, audio pansies, audio faggots,
audio guys who are light and alophers.
You know, Mad Dog West, you know, light and alophers.
I know some gay guys who are picking all of our jocks,
including Bo Campo, up with one hand and just smash them together.
Just give them like an airplane spin.
900 votes on the pool.
And I would see, do you think I really care about Tim Hardaway or what a dumb jock like that says?
What does anybody care, you know?
I don't write down to it.
So, when we come back after the very Chris is going to start talking about black people.
Black, black, teen red bird is black, black.
Black, you bad, teen red bird is black.
Why does she, she, red bird is black.
Nothing's got a feeling that black,
another teen red bird is black.
No one else can do the bad thing.
Reach a still bit, it's not quite the same.
TVK chose one, please, the same, another teen red bird is black.
Those fearless stars are forever gone.
Like Elaine Joyce and Joyce Ruofon,
So we did you'll end baby,
Noils done in no more than a flag.
Richard Goss of the Patron Camel,
And Brett Summers the Force Jack of Hunn.
We'll never know why God was up to some other teen red bird is black.
There won't be any reunion at all.
Charles doesn't mind the abit see the call.
Don't be playing back date at all,
Now the teen red bird is black.
When we fight the bells will be in the hotpot.
She's tied up being wins or not.
He's the last guy to wear garter socks on now,
She never flank.
Until the babies will break and send tank.
From that game we had teen to back.
But now we can't cause teen is now black.
Teen red bird is black.
In the stop it, be wearable.
I'm tired on the hair, don't give life to light.
And on this human sense I leave the blank.
Everyone else can go to black.
Teen red bird is black.
Teen red bird is black.
He's still dead.
And he still got to build bottom pants on
and a mutton shop sideburns and whatever else.
You always get a big kick when I say mutton shop sideburns.
But that's what they call them.
Back in the 70s, mutton shop sideburns.
That was very in and long hair.
Which I also had him and Jean Rayburn did not.
Jean Rayburn did have at one time.
He did have mutton shops.
I don't care what you say.
Ask chickener, he'll tell you.
He did.
Once upon a time in America, he did what?
He totally did not let me lose it.
Okay, here's George.
You just want to watch it, mister.
Nine hundred twelve votes on the pool.
I don't know if I like this pool or not.
Let's see, how many would I pay?
I hate this pool.
I would agree.
Although I do like the one I think I might use this one for tomorrow.
Oh, and you know what you forgot to remind me of?
What?
But it isn't my pile here.
I just found it by accident.
The BSO deputies will conduct a traffic checkpoint operation tonight.
Nine to midnight.
Stay away from a lot of their lakes.
Not just died anytime if you're smart.
Nine to midnight in the 3900 block of North West 21st Street
and Notre-Dale lakes.
There'll be a checkpoint, baby.
They're going to be checking whose daughter you're nice.
They're going to be doing body cavity searches.
Everything under the sun.
They're going to be looking inside, outside, up on top, down below.
Vehicles will be inspected for defective safety.
Equipment of motor will be asked to show it, baby.
Show their driver's license, registration, and proof of insurance, man.
Information is publishing compliance to the Supreme Court.
But everybody will write.
They don't want to tell you that.
In other words, but the Supreme Court said you better fast up and tell them
that they're going to be shaking your ass down.
Nine to midnight tonight.
In the 3900 block of North West 21st Street, Notre-Dale lakes.
So if you're plastered, you're probably not a really good idea
to be driving through that hood at that hour.
Nine seventeen in the pool.
A picture of Chris is charting this down.
We're going to get, not going to get 1500 again today.
That was, you know, maybe a once in a lifetime kind of a thing.
Maybe someday we could do that again.
You know, if we ever had a good pool,
that everybody would want to vote on.
Do us.
What?
What?
I don't know what that would be.
If I knew what it would be, I'd put it on there, you know.
A Senate Republican is calling for Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez-Dismissal
as Democrats' way subpoenaing President Bush's top aides
in the escalating political fear over the firing of eight federal prosecutors,
Senator John Sonuno of New Hampshire.
A long time Bush administration critic facing a tough re-election campaign,
called for Gonzalez's out to yesterday just hours after Bush expressed confidence
in the anxious, mid-Jick Attorney General's a long time friend.
I think the president should replace him, Sonuno, and say,
and then in a view, I think the Attorney General should be fired at it.
Let's get Donald Chomping area.
You're fired at it, man.
You little mid-Jick?
Although some Republicans have been tepid in their support for the Attorney General tepid,
lukewarm, baby.
In fact, that's what we used to ask on flipper every week.
Is lukewarm?
Hmm.
Sonuno was the first to go so far in a wake of an upper-over-the-distant department's firing of the attorneys,
and his response to congressional questions plus a separate report
that the administration abused his power to secretly investigate suspected terrorists.
The White House issued a court response to Sonuno's remarks.
Remember, court, he was the one that said,
Damn God!
We're disappointed, obviously, about House folks in Mintoni Snow said,
a Justice Department spokeswoman refused to comment.
But a beep put a boop put a bob.
Oh, no.
Although Bush left himself room to sack the Attorney General,
speaking of that sack, remember that thing we had yesterday about the long nut sack,
whatever that was?
Yeah, yeah, the stain was that big, fraudulent guy.
Big canes, buddy.
We wanted to give you a bigger bag.
Oh, yeah.
What a sack of crap that is.
Speaking of Mr. Ego and that Make Believe Show,
and Make Believe Station, everybody's got to make a living though, you know.
I was thinking when I was reading that, but I didn't want to editorialize,
because it was just so overwhelmed by that, but not really wasn't shocked.
I was thinking to myself,
here's the guy that said, over the years,
every body part, I don't think he's got like one eye,
his eye, his ass, his unit, everything.
Every part of him is like fake,
with all these people he puts on here.
Well, here's the, you know, doctor, this one and that one,
and they're going to put a new ear on your lower,
they're going to stick on those where your left ear used to be, you know.
So he's got all these phony body parts.
I never left more power to him on a station that nobody can,
even if they wanted to listen, they had no idea where it isn't,
if they knew where it was, they still couldn't pick it up.
How do you like that?
Oh, look at that first Mormon president, Mitt Romney.
The answer is no, he'll be on with Larry tonight.
Another good reason not to watch the suspended one.
It's in the bag on Larry King's show,
and the guests can all smell it.
So he's got Mitt Romney on there.
See, it's not so much that he's a Mormon,
it's the fact that he's phony, he's full of crap.
He changes his position depending on which way to win his blowing,
like John McCain, kind of that deal, you know.
And all this excitement that the Republicans have about Rudy Giuliani
because of all his posturing on 9-11 and so on,
when the stuff hits the fan about his 85 divorces and all that,
him and Rudy Gingrich, man, same deal.
All these flandering right-wingers,
they're always pointing the finger at all you perverted liberals,
all you secular humanists perverts who are doing everything that moves,
and doing all these disgusting things.
In the meantime, they got like 85 wives and 25 girlfriends,
and his buddy Bernie Kerak is up there banging his brains out
in that thing that was supposed to be the big bunker
across from the World Trade Center.
Even artsy wouldn't go there.
928 votes on the pool.
Embarrassingly, I don't know,
and then of course I know all the answers to these,
a 667, 72%, so they're not embarrassed because they know it all.
Or I like this Bob McCollum guy, he's fun.
He's got a thing 27 Yankees to play with Babe Ruth.
More recently in basketball, Michael Jordan,
and the bulls of the 1990s.
Yeah, but probably the number one choice
would be the late 50s, early 60s.
Sammy Dominguez, a full stadium in Cleveland, Ohio.
Let me suit up with Jim Brown, the greatest running back.
Oh, yeah, let me suit up there.
In other words, let me get naked and take a shower with all these jocks.
That's what Bob McCollum is saying on the fan in Toronto.
You see, that's just a south Florida thing.
It's a worldwide thing. It's the sports nerd mentality.
I hate this pool 96%, 10%.
The words to the star's bagel batter don't know them.
60.
The answer is to several of these 53.
Uh-oh.
Where Iraq is on a map 18.
See, that's not moving because they don't want to admit it.
That's how embarrassing that is.
In fact, if we asked where Florida was on the map,
there's about half the audience couldn't find it with all three hands.
The answer is 20 of these nine,
a pledge of allegiance in seven,
who are nation's capital as name four six.
Isn't it Mary Tyler Moore?
Yeah.
What size fought in the Civil War three?
Wasn't it the East and West?
Sure.
What year America declared its independence three?
How many stars are on the flag two?
How many states there are in the union two?
And who was president before W?
You may not remember,
but boy, boy, we sure wish we had a backup.
Tell you that.
See, with his very important faxes,
oh, another pool.
If first decides to cancel the 2008 presidential election,
who will be the other stop him?
Oh, Tom, let me put that way down here.
A back of the stack.
Yeah, back in the bottom of my stack.
We got all of it.
I like the one for tomorrow, though, about the dumb expressions.
I mean, I don't know if it is for tomorrow,
but I'll decide.
You know, I'll make my judgment myself when I get around to it.
I'm good and ready.
You remember Berger, chef?
See, I interrupted my couple like a half an hour ago.
But I do that all the time.
I do have a recollection of that.
Now, Berger, chef,
I think it was in 75.
I remember that very well,
because I was a WGN,
an almost Palm Beach in 75,
but I lost all that weight.
What was I doing at Berger, chef,
if I lost all that weight?
I was finding it again.
You lose it.
You go looking for it and you find it.
And I did.
That's really sad.
Although I'm not that, you know,
I'm still in a very low 180s.
I just can't make the transition yet in the 170s.
I got plenty of time, you know?
In fact, if I'm next vacation,
if I should be an Amsterdam of all places,
I think that will help a lot.
Because you don't be in a lot of great cuisine at Amsterdam.
Let me just warn you that right now.
It's a fun place when there's a lot of tourists there.
When only the Dutch people are there,
like in a winter time,
and when the weather is crappy,
which is part of the time a lot,
you don't want to be there.
Believe you me.
Because the Dutch people,
generally speaking,
are mostly disgusting and grotesque.
But beside that,
but when the Amsterdam,
because it attracts so many zillions of tourists
from all over the world,
especially all over Europe,
that's when it's really interesting.
And I mean,
it's not the food.
The food is never interesting.
Tell us the expression that people say,
a pig in a poke,
or I already read these yesterday,
well, we'll come up with some other ones.
In fact, we were mentioning someone
that should have written them on here.
Well, I'll put a lot of work in on that.
I'll spend at least what?
10, 20 seconds on that.
It made me even.
About 30, man.
30 seconds on.
We're public and lawmakers
who went for an hour to listen to an expert play
down the promises of embryonic stem cell research
did not let the public know they were meeting
even though the Florida legislature
is considering two bills on the issue.
This is in the Harold Gary Fine Out.
I wonder if he's keen to Gary tune out.
Oh, we got a lot of those on here.
I wonder how Drew Rosinhouse team is doing.
As many as 25 House Republicans gather
at the University Club at FSU on London
and I take a lecture by Marine Condick,
a neurobiologist and professor at the University
of Utah School of Medicine.
The dinner and conducts expenses were paid
by the Republican Party of Florida.
The lecture comes at the same time that legislators
are considering two bills to set aside
20 million dollars for stem cell research.
The main difference between the measures,
the version backed by Democrats authorizes
spending money on embryonic stem cell research,
which results in the destruction of human embryos
while the Republican version does not.
And by the way, speaking about McComb before,
I would have much rather had a shower
with Dale Murphy of anybody.
Oh, Republican leaders said the meeting
which was first disclosed by the Palm Beach
posted on violate any public meeting laws.
There was no secret meetings that represented
Ellen Boggenoff, a four-law of the Republican,
one of those who attended.
It was a lecture to provide people with valuable information.
Representative Franklin Sands,
the Western Democrats sponsoring embryonic stem cell
legislation, said he was disappointed.
He wasn't invited or even told about the meeting.
I would like the issue debated in the sunshine,
Sands, said, call an expert,
thus us into both sides of the issues and be fair.
I wanted that ever start, especially with right wing lunatics.
You're killing life!
You're killing life!
Yeah, all these people are dying in Iraq.
We're not killing life over there.
Thank the Lord for that.
Thank God!
They deserve it.
They shouldn't have decided.
Just like their general Peter Pace,
who gives me the trots when he came right down to it.
Representative Antiri Flores,
a West Kendall Republican sponsoring bill
that sets aside money for stem cell research
that doesn't involve embryos,
said she had nothing to do with the organizing of Monday Night Meeting.
She said the meeting was the idea of the state to UOP,
which she said promised members earlier in the year
that it would host presentations at the top of its interest.
So party members could make more informed decisions on the issues
and continue being in the Neanderthal age,
like the pissed off caveman.
He can probably relate to the provolican parties,
as that's where most of them are coming from.
Neanderthal age,
let's take 400 giant steps backward.
That's what we've been doing.
And let's say, well, we're at a kilo bunch of people,
like Mo with said.
It's not really worth finding that thing on area.
Kill some people.
That's what the Bush administration does better than anything else.
Kill a whole bunch of people.
That's right.
Blood on her hands.
Blood just gushing, pouring.
It's like somebody opened up a gigantic faucet in a bathtub.
And it's just pouring blood, like what movie was that in?
Wasn't that in here?
Yeah, I was just going to say here is Johnny.
I was just going to say that.
That's the one, isn't it?
What the elevator door is opening up and all the blood in there.
Yeah, all the blood down the hallway in that old hotel.
Oh my god.
That movie was terrible.
I mean, it had potential.
It had potential.
It had potential.
It had parts that, you know, some good parts, but as a whole, yeah.
It was grotesque.
Here is Johnny.
That was just about the only good thing he did in the movie.
He sat there and he kept typing, but it would be better
if I'm tapping and typing and typing and tapping.
But you know.
It was pretty weak.
10.56 at 5.60 Q.I.M.
The system is going.
No, no, no, no.
It's got confirmation.
This is the blame.
Any questions?
All the world loves a cloud.
So this April Fool's Day, this radio stage, it is going to make a fool out of you.
That's right.
We're going to turn you into a laughing star.
Ah, ah, ah, ah.
Just be the tenth caller when you hear this star.
And we'll yant your pants down around your ankles.
Tie your hands behind your head.
Fade a smiley face on your butt cheeks and lock you out of your house.
You'll be the center of attention in no time.
Remember, they're not laughing at you.
They're laughing with you.
With you and your butt cheeks.
Employees of this radio station are not eligible to be made fools of,
since they've already done quite a good job making fools of themselves every day on the air.
Employees who never have a less wish to drop the pants in public are encouraged to do so after leaving the station property.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Be an April Fool.
People are saying for your chance to win.
It's 11.02 at 5.60 W.D.QM.
It's the eyes of March.
We're only a couple weeks away from Easter and pace off and all these good things and the April Fool's Day.
That to me is one of the most pathetic things that people do.
They go on here and they make up some stupid crap and then they get to know each other.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Great wording you used to do that.
I told you that.
So how much you want to bet that we have people on this radio station that will be doing that?
Although it's a Sunday show.
You're not the United Republic.
Wait a minute.
Are you that guy's going to call back into what do you say?
I should be ashamed of myself.
Why would you imply that I was talking about the leading show?
I'm not going to do myself.
I get my honest opinion.
The fact of the matter is that when we got guys in there promoting some stupid basketball game between Gonzaga and University of Rochester School for Blind Women, what's all a Zat?
That's not exactly what I can say.
Well, of course it is what I expect because that's the kind of lead that they're giving us anyway.
Actually, I take that back since it's on a Sunday.
This year, isn't it?
April Fool's Day?
No, it is not.
Yes, it is.
So, yeah.
It's a week before Easter Sunday.
April Fool's Day is on Sunday.
The Friday show is on the Eve.
960 votes on the pool.
This is the hour.
In fact, maybe even this half hour, we go over 1,000.
Then Chris can sit back in a chair and slump over like, you know, pick up the oxygen tube or breathe in easy.
Well, it's good news.
And the fire alarm is over here.
Finally, I was able to open up the door.
When I closed the door on a day like this, I don't know what the temperature is.
It's nothing like the last two days when we were approaching 60 here.
A little preview of...
But it looks kind of like murky and not too bad out there.
It's a...
Oh, yeah. It's in a plus column.
Maybe it's plus one.
As Jo Angel would say, put it in the plus column.
34.
And going to be three.
All the way up to almost 40 today.
All right.
I mean, it's, you know, whatever it is.
Whatever the weather is you get used to it.
You know what I'm saying?
This business about the weather.
All these people have moved to Florida because of the weather.
And they forget about the fact that from the first of May until the end of October, until at least the end of October.
It's 100 degrees in the shade.
The humidity is 400%.
And even if you stand under a palm tree somewhere where you find a little bit of finesse debris,
your armpits are just...
The sweat is pouring from your pits.
You feel like Zazu pits or Elijah pits or Frank pits or Brad pits or Brad's pit.
965.
So what about a burger chef?
And I'm sure I'm not the only one who remembers these.
And you're going to say, oh, there he goes again living in the past.
I remember burger chef.
Well, there you go.
And they had what they called the Fixins Bar.
Okay.
Kind of like...
Fog Rutgers is still in business on the right.
And just sent me a message saying that one of them, I don't want to say which one.
But one of them had like a thing under...
I don't even know.
I'm not that I don't trust him or take his word, but I don't want to say it on the year.
Maybe a little problem with the health department possibly.
I don't know.
That's just a rumor flowing around.
Hey, it's just extra protein.
And the thing with Fog Rutgers is that there's one right there, not far away from where I've been living for the last many, many Zidian years.
Some right.
Some right.
Some right.
The university.
Very good.
And you know what used to be next door to it?
I'm not sure if it's still there.
It was in Arbys.
Okay.
Every two years Arbys comes out with something really, really good.
And then you try it a few times.
He's like, oh man, I was going to then they discontinue right away.
For a limited time only, here's something good.
That's right.
You know?
Wendy's is famous for doing that too.
Although I do like Wendy's all the time.
They've always got general good stuff.
But once in a while they come out with something like the Shroom, the Cheddar, Bacon, what...
Salads though at Wendy's like their taco salad or anything like that.
You do what?
I said don't have any of their...
Really?
Yeah.
Why is that?
For example, their taco salad is just a salad.
We're the bowl full of greens.
And then they give you a bowl of chili.
They're chili.
And you're supposed to pour the chili on the salad and it's all watery.
And it's soupy and it's like that.
Yeah.
So much fat.
Why are we going to get some fast food for Jews for Christ's sake?
Sounds like all the fast food is for Glam.
So anyway, getting back to the Fun Rockers.
There's the thing that...
I like Fun Rockers.
You know, it's the same thing.
The idea of building your own burger.
Or to your hamburger or cheeseburger.
You know what?
The only problem is you have to remember to tell them, don't butter the bun.
Hold the butter.
They butter.
No, listen to me.
You know I have this sensitive stomach.
I got the irritable ABS thing going.
And every time I would eat there, I would have to...
It's not that far from my house.
You know where it is.
I mean, maybe a four or five minute drive from there to get to my house.
But Jesus, man, I have to...
For that fat, maybe.
I mean, eat it all the way there.
They butter the bun.
Oh, just like that.
What?
I like that.
Well, I don't like that.
And the rumor I'm getting is that Chick-fil-A does the same thing.
Now, I wanted to get started putting mayonnaise on there for your burger and your chicken sandwich stew.
Talk about sure you can order that.
You don't put mayonnaise.
Let the dutch do that on their fries.
Okay, ask John Revolta. He'll tell you a hundred times.
Oh, the dutch they put mayonnaise on their french fries.
Ah, ha, ha, ha.
And that's what a great line is for a Volta.
You idiot.
But at any rate, you don't put mayonnaise on a sandwich.
I'm just telling you that right now.
Goyum can do that.
Not real people.
WQA and hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you buddy?
Okay, sir.
Just not to be living in the past and get George upset.
Don't get upset.
As far as ice cream goes, your number's nips.
Sure. That was a horrible place.
It was a make-your-on-sunday place, right?
Yeah, but everybody stuck their fingers in the sink, the sprinkles, the dirty.
Oh, no, I don't remember that.
So glad you brought that up though.
Oh, what a fine reminder that is.
ZIP dash, I mean pasta VZ, zips.
Zips that I remember, too.
And tasty freeze.
Oh yeah, I remember tasty freeze.
That was kind of like a rip-off on the old dairy queen.
Remember the dairy queen?
They're still a little.
Oh, that.
I got those B.K. brothers sandwiches or whatever they call.
I don't know what they got, but oh, don't do those.
But anyway, zips, zips was like similar to what we're talking about with the burger chef and
the burger truckers where you would go in and you'd make your own sunday.
And they had, you know, like your, like Carvella ice cream, what do you want?
It's like soft ice cream, not not real ice cream.
What do they call that?
Soft.
Yeah.
And it was, the ice cream was not good, but then you could drown it with like, you know, hot fudge or butter
scotch or caramel or some people say caramel.
I have no idea why people say caramel and they know the hell out of me.
You know, it's one thing if you say tomato when I say tomato or potato and potato.
But caramel?
Do you laugh at those people?
I really laugh hardly at those people, eh?
Yeah, like that.
That's right, a big belly laugh.
Like I was last year, I was warning show all the time.
I'm going to tell you, if you missed the Kenny and Bull morning show, man, you are missing a laugh while, then.
It is absolutely different.
A lot of laughing while I'm in.
A lot of belly laughing?
Oh, yeah.
I was a bad one burger, and she still laughing at it.
That a hair across the street.
She was like the polka chaffer, Waxie Buddha, from that I heard.
She knew everything, man.
She knew the whole bowl of wax.
973, wherever the House of Waxing 3D, the original one with Vincent Price.
They made, they, we made that one too.
Too many, we made movies of ones that were classed if they should just have released the original.
But then again, they can't make any money off of that.
QA& Hello.
It's, but, Dr. Chris is no longer there.
Sir.
Really?
Absolutely.
You're, I know your burger place is Mr.
Could you show it to me?
I'm the one on Sunrise University is no longer there.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Okay, maybe the bridge center right there, once in a year.
I'm sure it's still there.
I, I seen it, man.
I've seen it with all three eyes.
I haven't been there in a long time.
Well, I have been, because that's where my house is, man.
It was just there a couple of weeks ago.
I'm sure that Fudruckers didn't just vanish into thin air.
You know the rest of the time.
I don't have any idea what it is now.
It's changed about 600 times because it's too damn big.
Across from the Broward Mall on the corner of university and, what is that?
University and, and something.
What was the rest of it?
Huh?
University and what?
What, what, what, what, what, what, what, uh, restaurant?
Well, you know, across from the Broward Mall on the corner there.
I think it's Broward.
I think it's Broward.
It was a Chinese restaurant and Broward Boulevard.
That's what I'm, that's what they call the Broward Mall.
Give me a little help, okay?
I'm out of touch for Christ's sake.
You're the one that's supposed to be the expert, Mr. Hollywood Broward.
That's me.
Somebody help me, baby.
I'm lost.
I need a road man.
I couldn't find Broward Boulevard with both hands.
I live like about the stone throw from there.
No, but there is a huge restaurant that just off the corner there.
As you go in North, you know, on the west side of the street.
And that thing has changed 40 billion times.
It was a Chinese restaurant.
It was a 40 trillion.
And I think nobody can afford the rent in there.
It's a problem.
I got to do about 80 billion dollars at a business just to pay the rent.
Because the place is humongous.
You know, it's an interesting thing.
I tried to tell Ponytail this long time ago,
who called it on my anniversary, not that long ago.
14 days ago.
Two weeks ago, today's matter of fact.
Let's replay the anniversary show.
I'm not.
I tried to tell him that there, I was thinking this yesterday.
I don't know why.
But there are some locations, even if they're in the middle of a place where everything else is doing great.
But just certain, for example, we've got that right here where I am.
There's a street that's got all these great restaurants on it.
And in the middle of the block, there's one place and it keeps changing.
No matter what opens up in there, it goes out of business.
The other places all do great.
But that just that one, you know what I mean?
There are locations that are like cursed.
That's exactly.
That's what Patti Hurst said, cursed, the worst.
Oh, 34 degrees currently.
What's wrong with that?
Plus one.
I think I just got through saying that there's sky miles, whatever this has chained, that's the average.
Where is Rob Marciano today?
No wonder I'm depressed.
978 votes.
Before the half hour is over, we're going to be over a thousand.
And things are really looking up, man.
I think the audience is making a comeback.
I don't think they really went anywhere on this show.
I think maybe it was in a version of that square table.
Maybe the thought they were going to like maybe kick something.
Okay, it's Bob Dole.
And Bob Dole says Bob Dole has been appointed by our glorious leader to investigate this.
Soil and green style treatment of our wounded soldiers at Walter Reed Hospital.
Along with Donna.
That's Donna.
And Bob Dole says with the capable help of Donna.
You couldn't ask for a better team to investigate Robert Reed Hospital.
Much like John McCain.
I'm a decorated combat veteran, turned politician that threw my baller down the memory hole for anyone that came along.
And I'm going to pick an up check.
So a rest assured this thorough investigation of Walter Math,
the biomedical hospitalism, good hand.
And as a matter of fact, my other hand holds the hand that will endorse the check.
I'll get from high-a.d. worldwide services.
They say worldwide, but they're located in Florida.
1117 and 565.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
I'll tell you this.
OK.
And it was really good.
It was great.
It's also long gone.
Did we find out for sure if that Foddurockers is gone?
I would really like a spy report on that because if it is, you know that it's over mine?
Check your fax machine.
Check your fax machine.
Oh, oh.
Oh, oh.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Here we are.
Yeah, Kidney is a police.
Is it possible for Foddurockers to even get sick as a secretprester?
Is it possible?
the other drugs people doing together?
They had these big vats of like, you know how you go like wind shoolers in Marshall Michigan
You used to have it like they call it bar cheese
Okay, you know what bar cheese is no way I'm gonna put right now
They put bread or buns or crackers on the table and in some restaurants they have like a crock of real orange looking
Yeah, yeah, it's like butter, you know, I mean okay, and but it's credible
Very good the edible spreadable very good spread them and say cheese
But so what that was I talking about
All going but anyway the fuckers they used to have that huh and man do I love that slathering maybe a little slices of pickle on there and little
Some of that nice
Cheese that's credible cheese mmm
But it's gone fuckers
Now do you know how long that fuckers was there that was there for about I would say it was 150 years
I thought I would say maybe Abe Lincoln a there. I'm not sure I think Henry Flagler built it
Would be surprised or you know who built
What is the name of that restaurant that in Amsterdam and the hotel in Europe?
Freddie Oh, not a restaurant famous bar Freddie Freddie Heineken
Build Freddie's bar since the hotel you're which is a very overpriced very expensive hotel
Yeah, that's right Freddie Heineken
And then an Amsterdam you go to the Heineken Brewing gets him free samples. I just mentioned that in passing too
That was like right up the street from where my last department was I had an Amsterdam
I think I'm gonna go back and do that again
Give me an apartment. I'm stood on all this time. I'd like the bedrooms not underground with mold and spiders the size of bowling balls things like that
That was probably not all that good
I felt like little Miss Muffet every now and then because I'd sit down on the edge of my bed and long would come a spider and we got a
Thousand four-votes Chris. Oh my god. Now it's time to go get that bar cheese
Did you get the regular or the jalapeno?
Look at this it says I WBC's I just went on the foot rockers locations site
There were only two left and Florida one in Orlando and one in Miami at 106 80 Northwest 19th Street
You might please me please to know there's one in Canada, but it's in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, eh?
I don't think I'm gonna be going to Saskatoon or any place else in Saskatchewan. I wonder if
Saskatchewan turns out in Saskatchewan
Wow, Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. I wonder if that's a weird medicine head
Thousand four votes on the pool. I'm gonna try that. Huh? Moose Chies. Moose Jaw. Yeah, I like
Moose Jaw and a Calawood is really good
What effects are just pouring in here today today's pool?
Nations Capital. I'm sure most people realize it was named after George Washington
What about the of C why the district of Columbia?
Name for Christopher Columbus question mark the district of Columbia. That's a nice like question
I haven't got any idea do you yes? What's the answer?
Or you know the answer to this question the district of Columbia. Yes, well Columbia
Yes, as in the city was named after Christopher Columbus. So yeah, all the Columbia Columbus
What do you mean Columbia is the city? What what city is Columbia? South Carolina
South Carolina, whatever it is
Columbus South Carolina Columbia. I've got me confused all the Columbia
Whatever's our name. I put it for Columbus. How about I Caramba that too. How about Yamama?
So Sox and Hell
Well, yeah, you know now we're getting down to some really nasty tributes
But thank you very much whoever sent this in from the Floridian Surflin Lake worth
2010 votes for Lake Worth that was my first department when I worked at J.
And on West Palm Beach was in Lake Worth and that would have been a 75 or 32 years ago
I would have been half of my life was had gone by
Do you understand what I'm saying? I was 32 I don't know and at 32
I mean I was definitely not qualified. I wasn't nearly old enough to live in Lake Worth not even close not even close
1010 that could be 1010 wins New York or could be CFRB Toronto?
Wait, here's the Brian McFarlane sports show on CFRB and now let's go up to the gondola and bill he would and Brian McFarlane for Maple Leaf hockey
Let's get hockey intensive. Okay, get clearance all whipped up into a frenzy very soon after that. There's no me
I'm sure you enjoy one and you're a minor in the season. Remember that
I'm sure George is all excited at normal moments on here in the Maple Leaf for a classic. What?
WDQ-AM. Hello
Hey, Neil how you doing? Pretty good, Pally. Hey listen just a little FYI to just open up a
footwork routine Wellington Florida. Really? Yep. You know, let's bring it over. Have you ever eaten it?
Footworkers? Yeah, it's pretty good. Now you know the cheese I'm talking about that spreadable cheddar cheese
Not in use that though. But I'm just telling you it's there. They have it in a big crock man
That is good stuff. I mean if you like that, you know, I'll probably the next time but they have big grand opening
They were giving away a bunch of stuff last week or so. So a lot of people are going over there now
I'll be there. Look. Have you ever been Wellington? Stop on by? Okay. Thanks, Pally. All right. I will never be in Wellington
I mean, I don't know that for sure. I mean, you know one day I'm one day and wait a couple like in a stupor
You know like yeah like what just happened and I'd be right there in Wellington
You know as they take me to footrockers. It sounds really good. Actually, that sounds good to me
See I like that idea of
You know that business about hold the mustard holder catch and pull the pickle hold you know hold this
Somebody tells you hold the pickle man. I run and call the police but anyway
Um that that's Burger King right hold the pickle special orders don't upset us
So right right right
Right
But I like a place where you can go in like that and you can like fix your own just give me the burger kind of bun
Don't butter the bun please. Okay. You don't get butter the buns. I'll have the runs. I'm telling you right now
Or good nice good. Yeah, you know char hot where you're right there on the other side of the counter from the person fixing your burger
And you can just point to the something and say more lessons right that's right. That's all right
It's more or less unless you're right to model like I told you after I used to go to my pill doctor there in Tamarack
Almost every single time because obviously when you're gonna go get blood taken you be gonna be fasting all day
So I was starving and it would be after work
So it would get to be like three o'clock, you know, I'd have the blood drawn and and on a way down the knob Hill road
There's a char hot right there and
Every time I go through that drive through and fact I should be getting free char hot every Wednesday too
You know, Duff is really sticking it to you man. You know guys don't even feel it. He's sticking it to you. I feel it
Do you the hurts Chris doesn't need it though because the thing with Chris is he eats the bun when they bring it to burgers and stuff
You eat the bun. Why do you do that? I mean George's George's whole family is at Kensing it and they're not a bunch of big fat
Slums they could use it in a couple of pounds, but yeah
Well, why are you eating buns? What is wrong with you man?
Because it's yummy. I imagine no it is nice
See I love bread you like bread. Oh
Chris loves it more than both of us. Yeah, well drop the buns for seven Americans suffers from a terrible affliction
And while others find it funny for those who have it it's no laughing matter
It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. I'll I'll be on a date or a business meeting and
and
Excuse me. Say see what happened frequent burping syndrome
It can ruin your life
But it doesn't have to now there's a clinic that can help
Trained specialists sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers a special place known as
Burp Inders gosh burp Inders saved my life go in and I were in love
I really wanted to ask her to marry me, but I just knew that when the moment of truth came
I'd let out with a big ripper. You know
Burp Inders no shame no guilt no more tummy rumbling smelly belches no more stopping in mid-sittance to uncorrect a big cheesy blaster
Just caring professionals and the help you need don't wait. Here's the number to call
5552877
555
Burp Inders call today and stop being so gross. Oh, don't be gross
Disgusting. That's what Joyce says. Everything is gross
1022. I'll take a gross of those
So floodruckers is closed at it now and for months. See that's what happens when you're out of touch important things like this
Neilid life is passing you by you know
That's the really sad thing
Although now that you know everybody in the audience is heading for Chick-fil-A. I just got a message here everybody
I know is heading for a Chick-fil-A
Aren't you thrilled?
Now where's the oh there's that the fart one we can't play that
Which one the one that goes some parts I feel oh yeah that one like that. Yeah, that's my favorite one a couple of these in it. Uh-huh
Oh, wait, we probably could play this

Don't you love that?
I wonder what this one. No, this is not a good one and that one we can't play we can play this
I'm right
You know how much you've been like this old jovido put your finger way up and you know
It's on the scratch where your brain used to be
Love is the capital stuff
That's what I said the first time
Yeah
What do I know from one year
Except that she wants another
I don't know eight or one she was good
The waffle fries it was a good chicken sound
You know what I'm like
Red necks
Real Yahoo red necks that's America for you baby
See I did this once before and it's a very ugly thing because most people most of us
If it's like the people listen to the legend or the ranger show we're a little more sophisticated than that okay
I mean if we stick our finger way up on our nose we're not doing it because we want to scratch our brain
We're doing it because there's something that we want to yank out when it doubt yank it out
But I'm telling it so what's the story because I don't want any of my close personal friends going over to chickfully in
Miramar anywhere else to have lunch and then find out that they came back puking their guts out or like with wild explosive
Diarrhea for the rest of the day and then blame me for it
So it's not fancy. It's just a good chicken sandwiches and a waffle fries
Well, so what's wrong with that nothing now they got the cheese waffle fries like they do with the
I don't know I didn't really mean you don't know
I think there once it was in the mall it was in the food
Chris didn't say that asked me anything. I've got the answer. I think that's what George told me
And that's all they got no he took a swamy hat off them
I bet you couldn't ask the tapes any question joebell you still a person you
Columbia is the capital South Carolina 120,000 people says this fact. It says hi George see
I'm not even here. I'm even
It's because I was a waffling back and forth speaking over the wall
Waffling on it. I was also flying back and forth. You know, it's one of those things where if you say it enough
It's like oh, I know
What I mean is it is not always Columbia where every time I drive to North Carolina I drive past
I know Columbus South Carolina. I knew that whatever there's a lot of
Columbus
I'm gonna name it after Christopher Columbus. Why can't they calling this Columbus Ohio right in my right?
That's what Ohio State is in Columbus. So I that's where the uh the straight jackets play the Columbus straight jackets
And that's where Jeff Reemer works your close personal friend speaking to something that won't buy you long
Because usually when they name a land after someone they put that IA at the end of it
Like Nelia that state named up me. Yeah. Yeah
You know the district of Nelia named up for you
How about failure
Yeah
Get out of here already
1027 votes on the pool. I'm gonna tell you something that I think it was the Marlon game yesterday
I wait a minute. Let's see waffle fries rule. Oh here we go
I've been to the one in daylenses my buddy here and it's good with a you know all these winking at the end
You know always be careful. We got a winks a lot
Winking blanket and not know the one and day. Yeah, so I don't know everybody else's is pretty good
Your your course you are so damn hard to please anyway, you know what did I say? I said it was pretty good
You say there are decent chicken sandwich and you said something about wild diarrhea or something
Oh, yeah, didn't you say that Chris? It says unfancy as a place can be but it was that
Yeah, it's obvious. It's not such a big honor. We're gonna be in hockey players boy talking about lunch. Wow
1334 on the pool. I just got so much good stuff going on here. It's all good like bubble would say it's all good
In fact, I wouldn't be surprised. I'm trying to think of what I seem to fill a maybe where flood workers used to be
Or here's your buddy Moishi also everybody's in on this all right
Oh
It says the owner of it is a hard-core evangelical. Maybe that's why they make such a big deal
Well, I had a
On the email before on my space a guy one of our regulars. He said to me
He said he wanted to because they close on Sunday because the owners of religious
He said I'm not gonna go somewhere where they force the employees to do well. I mean they give them the day off anyway
You know managed on a halalah has that never on a Sunday and who wants to eat chick-fil-a on Sunday anyway, right?
Right aren't you supposed to or supposed to order off for pizza on Sunday or something like that?
Oh for me
Now, let's see who they interview and hear oh some old make me believe on here on oh don't tell me we missed out Terry Clancy
I wonder if he was king to
Kind of King Clancy
1334 votes. See isn't it amazing that you live in a place where all this is like if I talk in a foreign language, you know
Hockey talk man
Oh, this guy's good. The next guy announced you I have no idea what his name is. He's very good
In fact, I'll leave it on there because somebody's gonna score a goal here pretty soon, but never late
56705 60 how do we get into the fast food thing today?
And you want to know I see the sun sent them I got sucked into it
And I'm really sorry apologize for that especially if anybody has a bad meal because of me today, but I'm sure they won't
Do I do I ever turn people on to bad food? I don't think so nobody nobody is fantasized
I've been most of my adult life turns people on to really bad food if I tell you places good
You're gonna go mm-hmm like that when you walk out of there in fact while you're sitting there enjoying it
I'm I'm thinking back and I can't say that you've ever done that no steered us wrong
I would never give you a bum steer you've queered us wrong a few times, but never about food
Well, I'll see if I can queer it with the boss
Maybe I can queer it with Joyce oh
What a thought
I feel unclean or horrible thought just crossed my mind
72 way you weigh him hello
Hey, me how you doing okay? I don't buy that spot a few minutes ago in university with that restaurant
I'm gonna appreciate to be you can say it. Yeah, it's now a vacant lot
Oh and there's going to be a walk-room's going up there oh what a walk-room's there's the one in abhil and sunrise where we need another freaking walk-rooms for
Yeah, well they didn't reach 22,000 yet
Oh, okay, thanks. How do you like that? That's just what we need out there in no westbroward
Is another wall green's another CVS another row what used to be after CVS?
There's a you know one good thing if you like a you need a lot of pills, you know or like a lot of bodywashed
What is that about America? You know we started the thing with all the the rest stops and all the exits on the highways on the interstates
By the way, thank Ike Eisenhower for all the interstate highways. That was his idea good things like one Ike
And we started with that and they're at almost every major intersection there's like a McDonald's and a Burger King and a Wendy's and a Taco Bell and a pizza Hut and whatever
You know about at least a dozen
Uh fast food joints and now the new deal is every street corner like in a residential area has got to have at least one pharmacy there
At least one drugstore must be a lot of people doing a lot of drugs
Chee Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rodriguez
Hello
Hello, I'm conservative pundit and culture recently. I called Democratic presidential candidate John Edwards
Now apparently the liberal left wing tree hugging media had suddenly decided
F**k it is a bad word. Hello. Did you hear the applause I got when I said it?
Huh
Anyway, I've been asked to make a retraction. So here goes John Edwards is not a f**k
What I make to say is John Edwards is a pillow biting rump ranger
That's still okay, right?
Hi, this is Isaiah Washington from Grey's Anatomy. I've learned a hard way that words can hurt
While and culture may be beloved by millions
She wouldn't like it if I called her a bony flat-chested horse face
Even if it's true, huh, which it is
So remember never call anyone a f**k because f**k is very sensitive
Thank you
Yeah, we're done now. I should hold those c**k
Yeah, Timmy you know, oh Timmy harder way if you could have been a bookkeeper this morning you would have uptruck breakfast
I'm telling that right now rationalizing about you know Timmy and that's because he's showered with the guys naked
You know, he wore a jockstrap anybody who's an athlete they can do no wrong, you know, right? And even at the big
What's his name the Chinese of basketball player? Y'all y'all mean how do you know that?
Yeah, he does commercials. I see even that he can do no wrong. Oh
5 6 7 0 5 60 you know I'm going for lunch
Chick-fil-A no in my kitchen. No, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna go do a kitchen celebrity chicken neck never answered my question
I tell you what I'm gonna do there was a guy on TV a hundred years ago wasn't her best Riner said that
Who don't used to say that? I thought you what I'm gonna do. Huh? I thought you what I'm going to do
Yeah, but whoever he's dead. I'm sure he's dead. So he can be he ain't gonna be doing anything at this point
But I'm gonna go to a Taco Bell and get that you know the breeder with no beans. Oh, I hate beans. Oh
It's unclean that old bean you never know where it's been
And then especially those moushi beans, you know like the Mexicans like a lot the moushi refried beans
Well, what does that really mean? Refried beans when he came right down look let's start
Let's start thinking about some of this food that we know KB before we start continuing our selves for somebody else's fun and profit
Let's start thinking about let's start analyzing it a little bit
I'll go find a refried beater that can explain it to us
I bet you an echo vocal you'll find plenty of
A refried beater and maybe it's a border you'll find some too
Refried and each shot or maybe retried how about a retried beater?
Oh, I'm gonna go and get that breeder supreme with no beans and I'm gonna make up my low carb pasta
I remember I did that once before. Oh, man
Like you use that stuff on your like with the sour cream and the olives and all the other good stuff
And send a little a chunk of tomatoes. You don't like really like cook cook for yourself like get a frying pan out and brown
Your beef and all that's in great while. Okay, I move to do that because they sell you know mixes
Taco Bell mixes where you can mix up your own like taco meat. Oh
I want to go through all of that. I mean I'm lazy old you want me to go through all of that
nonsense
I want you to sit there on your fat ass and order out
What mean order out?
But they have Chinese delivery over there. Yeah, they do. I'm not gonna do that. I'm not that lazy
Okay, I walk at least a block and I have to get to my nearest Taco Bell. Maybe two blocks when you come right down to it
I'm gonna say to you again the only reason that I'm alive here today the only reason is because I'm here
Five years of walking no car right I walk and this is the truth
I walk more in one day being here than I would if I was done here in any year
Well in one day we're working. I walk first of all in plantation acres. There are no sidewalks by me
There's nowhere to walk you can take your life in your hands and walk you know
You know where I live where we're even to walk like I'm on the grass in the weeds
We're all the fall and malalucatries many of them are still like down from the hurricane 100 years ago
I mean where you gonna walk there's nowhere to walk
Like Martha and the band-dellars would say nowhere to run nowhere to hide. I do love Martha and the band-dellars
I love that most time when you please tell me to watch that again before I watch raising your Arizona
And if that guy calls into the day and say how'd you like that movie didn't watch it yet? Okay. I'll let you know
Because you know me if I do watch it one of the first things I'll talk about in the morning when I come on
Right is I'll say hey I watched that movie last night with Francis McDorman and Dennis Quaid. Oh, he keeps calling
You know he's gonna be overhyping it. Yeah
Martha and the band-dellars baby little low-town sound fact
We should have a jingle would have been good
Not too late. You want to start it again?
for CKW
What down sound?
Now that's not good. It's the it's off the computer here
Yeah, but you got it all right. I'll do better when when they get to the point where they're singing on old town
I'll make up for the delay
I think we could use a little work. Yeah, all right. We'll work on it
We're gonna do one more time. All right. One more time
CKW
What down sound?
CKW
You're letting the whole jingle and before you're a star. I think that you're hearing it differently because of our delay between us subtle
No, I'm not what about hearing it differently. How does it all down here man? You're on crazy
How does it all? I'm known it for 17 years and I've got proof. Well, what how can I be here? You know what that's like?
That's like that thing we discussed about farce right because I think I think you're smelling it differently than I am
But it's the same it's the same thing in the air there believe me at lingers and I don't want it on my fingers
Oh, I'm a lingers and the same with this and it's a sound. It's like it doesn't bear
But you hear the jingle let's try you hear the jingle line when the jingle starts. That's when you hit it. Okay
There you go. That's a little bit better. Not not great
All right, here starts
That's when you hit
The thing is there's a delay between us going away. You need to notice it. I did oh the load night minus eight
See we had a couple of teas days here and that's going to be well a little taste of wintertime again
That's all right. Don't bother me look. I said you'd dress for it
You put on a nice a nice gown, you know
You put on your nice stockings that come up to your crotch
What do they call those those long johns? What's it? Oh, yeah?
What kind of people dress like that? Okay, and then of course the other of north the Scotsman man the Scottish
You know, I guess I'm finally figuring out if you live long enough you figure certain things out
Why they ask so ridiculous up there and that's because the weather you know when I'm in Europe and I'm watching the BBC or even here
I can watch it or the um sky TV and they show the weather and it's even if it's like sunny and nice in Berlin or Amsterdam or anywhere on the continent
In the British Isles I would say 90 at least 90% of the time the weather is really to grotesque and depressing and it's dank and it's dripping and it's like
It's like it's like the clouds over the British Riles have post nasal drip and it's always dripping
It's like there's some bad
Sexually transmitted disease that it's infected the world family and everybody else as well
My association and so like Scotland of course being way there up north if you think it's bad like in London
When you get up to the northern part
It's always there always showing all these
Gales and winds and oh it's among and ice and crap
So that's why they have to do these bizarre things to like you know because the weather affects their mind
I guess didn't they invent golf the Scottish they did what does that tell you all I need to
That's all we need to know is that the Scottish invented golf and they don't speak regular English they speak gay lick
Or something and there's nothing like a gay lick or several of them
Okay, 1555 votes in a pool while I'm telling you that what what is it lately?
I'm just wiggy and I'm just I think it was the chick-fil-a thing
Now you notice how I have done that story and everybody all my buddies out there are going to chick-fil-a for lunch today and probably like I said
Gonna have wild intestinal grip or something like that. What is an intestinal grip?
G-R-I-P-P-E remember these these that's a real bad experience
I don't know is that like the vapors like like stomach flu and then I find out the original said stings stomach flu
That's just a somebody made that crap up. They did?
They did?
Yeah
You think there is such a thing as a sign of five?
I don't know maybe I don't know I just made that up too
Grip G-R-I-P-P-E hit a grip man get a grip
I already got some
I bet
1555 votes
You ought to be ecstatic today you don't have all that the tar the tar baby on her
I am
You ought to be I really am
I hope you hear this morning the Mexicans were not there. I was just doing a handsprick
Are you starting to pick on the beaners again?
Oh look at this here some more of this stuff they're doing for tomorrow
Well you know what I made a mistake before
What and you need
Ah today's Thursday this is how it wasn't tonight
Why didn't you interrupt me this is not Wednesday
God about what one thing if I'm because I read the DUI checkpoint that was for last night in lauderdale lakes
Oh, I miss Wednesday. I keep thinking it's Wednesday and you want to know why because I forgot about wood buying Wednesday
I mean I went but
It was mostly a non-event I lost a little bit not all that much
I was never ahead at any point. I was never behind all that much and it was and for me
That's like a major miracle lately, you know. I was kissing my machine man
But this is a timely this one's for tomorrow apologize by the way lauderdale lakes the coast is clear
You have to get plastered as my suggestion in fact if you're going to be anywhere near lauderdale
It's probably a good idea to get plastered first
BSO deputies will conduct DUI saturation patrols tomorrow from 8 30 tomorrow night until approximately
30 Saturday morning in the following areas deer field beach
Pompe no beach in Oakland Park
Or just as in areas of it doesn't say like it in here in areas of deer field beach
Pompe no beach in Oakland Park
Imperiodrivers will be identified in DUI laws will be actively in forward in fact if you even had like a martini
A little vassal water to really pace off celebration
I'll drag your ass away. Nobody's ever going to see you again. I put you in one of George Bush's ghoulogs
So let's say it again 8 30 tomorrow night till 5 30 Saturday morning. What are we really on a tear now?
That's nine hours
That's a lot of hours baby is Robert Creeper would say yeah
Is that Robert Creeper the Great Reaper the Lord of the Board? That's the one if he's seriously if he says that again
I'm just I don't know what I'm gonna do. I may just I may just do the show out on the patio in my underwear
In the cold in the freezing cold. It's pretty cold. It's like a 34
8 30 tomorrow night till 5 30 Saturday morning in deer field beach Pompe no beach open park
They're gonna be doing DUI saturation patrols. They're gonna be all over your arse, baby. They're gonna be all over you like stink on Joyce
Sniff in your Breton sniff in your uh
Yeah, whatever you got they'll sniff it
That's what I told Brady Quinn I said wherever you got a thousand sixty two votes is what we got
And I like scrubbing my snagrilla ass with soap made from jewels and listening to the near
Our
Now we begin the shining in the dribbest cold and the dyes of the bassine I got the candle liquid cherry yoke
Oh baby
Open up for not a cherry cherry and be baby
Oh baby
Shiny little little little smelly the skin
If this is red shit now so I bounce down the road in a bit that is super bad way
Now that the autumn stop the big deal someday I'll get around the beach in the breeze
I got you 79 my own boat, Adolina
So looking by now is my baby Cadillac
Star of the Hibis
Open up for not a cherry cherry and be baby
Star of the Hibis
Shiny baby, they'll be doing some smithish
You
I kept a wind nose down on the hearts of the day because they hasty don't want no pain.
Sweating fresh with all seeds thoughts dispel and gets the dusty look in over time.
I'm a man to find a shining granite smell like lime, thanks my coffee.
Janet Dupers having washed it with all the rope.
The whole baby.
Over the crocodile cherry cherry, baby, baby.
Dog baby.
My little shopping queen's throwing over Steve Lovas in the school.
Dog baby.
Fresh, melodic, dear, you'll be better to be a baby.
Dog baby.
Baby, baby, baby, baby.
The couple of three of five sixty WM Homo Chick-fil-A, baby, now probably shouldn't say that because the guy next door over there, KFC, loves us and remembers he sent a bunch of food and stuff.
He said a nice, nobody loves me, he loves you.
He might even look like, I'm gonna say love.
Might even like Chris a little bit.
Well, Chris hasn't been there long enough for anybody who wants to love him yet, you know.
You think?
To love someone bad.
If you loved by the audience, Chris or not.
Nah.
No, not yet.
A little bit too soon for that.
You know, I mean, don't start, you know, kissing on the first day, being a little bit too, you know, keep a distance.
And then on the second day, that's when you come into the kill.
1,071 hosts will go over 100,5 hours.
I'm thinking like 13 today, aren't you?
Are you thinking like 13,00-ish?
Yes, I was about to.
That sounds good to me.
I think it works.
It works for me.
Here's the Marlon pre-game show, by the way.
I think playing today or what?
I wish.
Oh, come on.
Be a sport, man.
Well, it's like every day, but not every day on the air.
I know we don't carry all the games though.
What kind of a public service is that?
If we're real Marlon people, I'm, where the hell is what I'm looking for?
I can't find it.
I'm looking for the Marlon's baseball schedule for the pre-game broadcast and regular.
I printed that when I was down there in Florida, and now I can't find the van thing.
I can't find the dang thing as Buddy Bud Pax will say the dang.
Those dang Italians, you know.
Fony Baloney, baby.
That's Buddy Bud Pax and Fony is a $44.5 bill.
I can't find the damn thing.
That's sad.
Marlon's schedule.
Because it would be nice to know, but for show.
It's in my pile somewhere.
See, I have this, I do have a bad habit of doing stuff as far as being disorganized.
And it is like I've got all these different piles of papers.
Like over, over in front of my, in front of the DCS where the keyboard is, you know.
I've got, it's the pool pile.
I've got all these piles of pools.
And then there's some other sort of stuff that I don't want to lose.
Like, hey, it's the Wednesday checkpoint, even though it's Thursday.
I can't believe you let me do that.
I mean, I believe that I did it because I'm an idiot, you know.
And I'm old.
Yeah, I wasn't paying any attention.
Yeah.
I don't have any, I don't have any email from Norma Kent by the way saying,
hey, guess what, Joe Bell and I just reupt you a deal for another six years, Neil.
I don't have anything like that in front of me in my pile of papers.
He's probably having another verbal war with Jolly Joe Bell and I have no idea why.
Because Jolly Joe just loves my Pimpley Fatal Lass.
I'm telling that right now, don't you believe that?
Sure, why not.
In fact, I think Jolly Joe loves any Pimpley Fatal Lass.
Nearly six and ten Americans want to see you as truthfully verac,
either immediately or within a year and more would rather have Congress
when you were asking the conflict than President Bush, then President Dumbo,
then that butcher of Washington, the butcher of DC, District of Columbia,
Columbia.
I wonder if that was named after your ex-governor's wife, Columbia.
The smuggling bitch.
Mm-hmm.
Those support for Bush's decision in this batch, or maybe it was named after his drug-adicted daughter,
or maybe it was named after the son George P, you know,
the one that was driving him out in Wheelies and his girlfriend's parking lot.
Because he's a crazy person.
Or now, or was it the other, how many senses he got?
Are there two that I'm confusing with?
I don't know.
George P, who used to be really cute by the way,
I hate to say that because it sounds very faggy, you know.
But he was.
And then the other one, I think, that was like banging his girlfriend in broad daylight
and the parking lot of some shopping mall in Tallahatchee.
Yeah, that's a different one.
Oh, that's a different one, yeah.
Well, at least the whole family is dysfunctional.
There's nothing like that.
The wife is a smuggler in a liar.
The husband, Jim, he's a fat ass liar that has devious plans to screw the public over everywhere he can.
And then, of course, the daughters of a crackhead.
No, sorry, just said.
Did you say the daughter was a crackhead?
No, well, no.
All right, that.
No, well, it's the last of the well, baby.
Don't be picking on the last of the well.
Even though it's Easter time, I think it's not too early to start thinking about Christmas, man.
Ha, ha, ha.
Though it's support for Bush's decision to dispatch additional troops to record a 37% from 32% in a mid-January poll.
A slim majority of 52% say Congress should block funding for that new deployment.
Only crazy people would say, let's send some more people over there for human sacrifice.
And then we can read more stories about how the hospitals are mistreating them and treating them like garbage, and how they're going to.
Then they had one soldier around, was it last night or the night before on the nightly news, who's been, he has been hit by IEDs five times in Iraq.
Five times.
How do you like that?
Five IEDs.
After the first one, when you think that would be like enough, you'd think.
Yeah.
God.
I did that one time, about 15 years old.
Yeah.
Had a brain.
It's your buddy, Scotty Mack, how's he doing?
You see him again?
Not lately.
He's having a bad later.
I just want you people who are going to eat a chick filet and really makes no difference to me.
I'm not one of those people that like the Christian yellow pages and the atheist yellow pages.
Who cares, you know?
If you've got a bit of a product, I'll even buy it.
I'll try it.
But he's an evangelical wild man, I guess, evidently.
So, so they say.
The CNN poll was conducted Friday through Sunday.
Bush, you haven't got to be, but I will, we don't care.
Very boring.
5.670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line, 1077 votes.
This poll isn't even worth reading the result, you know?
The only reason.
And again, I don't believe it anyway.
How many people say, oh, I see, empiricingly they don't know where Iraq is on the map.
24.
I know for sure that of the 1077 votes, I bet it's at least 20%, couldn't find a rack on the map if you're off into my thigh right now.
What's that at least?
If you had the globe, you know, when your kid, we used to have the globe of the world.
You ever had that?
Sure.
I mean, I didn't have one, you know, but the school gobes.
I've had a few gobes.
But anyway, big.
Some.
Well, when I was saying before, you turned the internet into a magazine.
Finding Iraq is on the map.
Yeah, you couldn't find it.
How about those you event things?
Where's that university mind?
You know, you couldn't find New York City, all these kids from New York.
Oh, we can't find New York City.
Could that be Long Island out there sitting in the, oh, yeah, it could be.
WDQAM, hello.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, you really showing me duty for this chick, the way.
WDQAM, hello.
Yeah, I've been showing.
WDQAM, well, we know that.
QAM, hello.
I do.
Okay, bye, sir.
Well, we ought to have that with the book of Brown, but, you know, until the tune of a bitch girl by Hall and Oats.
Yeah.
You're a bitch, Joyce.
Yeah, I can just hear it now.
I have no more.
This is far as I go.
Sure, he's working on it right now.
Is he working on a feverish thing?
And his balls fought too.
I guess it's only the 15th.
Let me remind me toward the end of the month to send him some more money so we can keep his mouth shut.
I mean, I just keep him calm, you know.
Right.
They still need to pay him over here, you know.
You know, there's nothing I can do about it.
You keep playing that on me every single day.
I'm going to ask you this right here on the year, right in the middle of this show.
Do you know anybody who's more generous than I am?
No.
So what do you reply that I'm blaming you for cooking to do so?
No, but it's just because you keep telling me that this is making you a bitch.
Why do you think about it?
I got all these other people out here on my phone, but, but he's on the internet who we're doing all kinds of stuff to make me feel good.
And reach out and give me a little pat on the back of the neck, sometimes like a smack in the head which I could use, which is great.
It makes me feel, and it put me in a pository attitude instead of a negative one.
It makes me feel loved and, you know, something.
It makes me feel like I'm alive at least, which I need that.
And then you come up with this depressing crap about, oh, the situation still hasn't been...
Oh, what's the only one needed to do about it?
You know, I'll bet out of shape.
Should I go in and lay down on the couch and have a fit and start crying and bawling like a child?
I don't know, it might help.
Oh, can I give it a shot?
How many do that on those days when I have to...
When you come in a little bit late and I haven't listened too much of the morning show?
I think if they invite it, I think I'll be on the table.
And when you told me that toast, remember toast used to work across the street?
When I told you.
I think he's still on the table.
It was Chris that told you.
When you put that square table thing in there, my...
Oh, no, I think that was a...
And one of the questions I heard this morning is I had the level turned down almost in the off position.
Who was your favorite lesbian couple?
Oh, oh, I know the guy's going to call back.
You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Neil.
Oh, and you know what?
You didn't remind me in 19 minutes to my basketball game between the...
Don't worry.
Yeah.
I'll be right on it.
WQA, I'm hello.
Hi, can I speak to Neil?
Speaking, sir.
Brothers grew up in Rochester, New York, where he abused himself by now.
I'm not interested in hearing your baloney again.
Okay, your crap.
This is the Wikipedia guy.
Okay, right in all this garbage.
Crap.
I'm very fond of hobby, though, Paul.
Keep you off the streets.
WQA and hello.
Yeah, Jeff Bush lives in Coral Gables now.
We're looking for golf course.
Phenase?
Yeah.
Phenase, yeah.
And George Wesley in Sparta.
See?
What do you say?
I don't know what he says.
See what he says.
He was sparta.
I guess he lives in Sparta.
5.670560.
I think he's talking about sparticus.
Maybe he thought you were Tony Curtis.
You got you guys confused?
I thought he's pedicus.
I thought you looked a little bit like Tony Curtis.
Get the b*** in.
Get the 4th of GMM.
I'm not really sh**ing right now.
10.83 on a pool.
I'll read the result again.
Maybe one more time during the show.
It's just one of those.
You know.
WQA. I'm Hello.
Yes, I count.
Oh, here's one of my favorite ladies.
This is the only lady caller we get most of the time
and she's recording.
Well, what can you do?
We do get the...
In fact, you know, even the lady factors have been laying down on the job lately.
I don't know what that's all about.
Maybe we're not talking about Johnny Depp enough.
Don't fact in the church.
That's the duty.
My name is Barry.
I sing like a fairy.
I write bad songs about romance.
While I'm wearing stand-ex head, I'm kind of strippy.
My songs are wimpy.
I had a series of big hits.
That was back in 76.
Now no one wants to hear.
They only laugh and sneer.
They won't admit.
They hold my albums.
But my song's out.
We got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in my turn.
I've got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Of my nose you keep in half of the city of Atlanta.
Rectum.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
I've got a heart cup.
The size of your purse.
When I get a stop the nose, I be saddened.
I hold it right now on the case.
My life is back in place.
And so I sing again and sing.
My snows in your face got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in my turn.
I've got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Of my nose you keep in half of the city of Atlanta.
You're fair.
I write the song.
The first day I was on the air in South Florida.
I was doing weekend's play in the NGFW.
Following Ross Oasis no less than the DJ there.
I played that song.
I write the song from the room.
Is that exciting or what?
What a memory baby.
How many years ago?
I was about 400 years old.
Before Jesus was in infant.
And I was one of the first songs I ever played.
I write the song by very manllow.
I write this song.
What does that mean?
Copic a banana.
Copic a banana.
Well that's not what I played.
I write this song.
I'm going to be a bit of a boo whatever.
Some other fraggy song.
That's what I hear.
That's it.
That's what I'm very manllow.
Hey Barry.
You fair right?
I was married.
Quite contrived.
I was married.
That's authory.
He's still dead by the worst.
Good news.
Excellent.
I've been alive.
Too bad.
Yeah, too long.
That's exactly what came to mind.
I've been alive too long.
We're all the world is singing with you Barry.
You've been alive too long.
Okay?
Just lay down and die.
I know.
Oh that's bad.
That's bad.
Mandy.
I hate to admit this.
I actually like this song a little bit.
I used to like it then.
They played it in the ground.
I know they played it too much.
It's a pretty good song especially for a better.
It would be like her.
It.
She.
You're going to talk to supper what?
No.
I know where it is.
I'll see.
Force me to.
I think I may have gotten a little piece of his beak.
Just enough to wet my beak.
And with Aunt Panucci, he just wanted to wet his beak.
Is there any part of his beak?
He's just a little bit of a chame.
If he wouldn't have messed with that light bulb,
he might still be with us today.
Aunt Panucci.
I wonder if Aunt Panucci had Panucci.
How do I wonder if he knew Louis Palucci?
Aunt Panucci.
Aunt Panucci.
Louis Palucci.
I thought we'd just have to plan this.
Yeah, the real one.
Oh.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Yes sir, good afternoon sir.
Thank you.
You mentioned No Well Bush earlier and I kind of got me wondering.
Do you think that whenever she was trying to score drugs,
she ever had to do ASTAT?
5.67.05.60.
And 0.560.
And they were rising in singular wireless line.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Q.A.M.
Hey let him rastle the papers around a little bit.
They're rastling with their consciousness.
What is it called?
What do you mean this is the call?
This is it.
How do you know this is it?
I'm telling you.
I'll say something.
You'll see.
Say something.
Come on.
You can do it.
Something.
Come on.
Can't do it.
Couldn't say something.
We heard you.
Q.A.M. Hello.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey let's let all the rising cotton bat boy.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
I hope I never get hit in the ring.
W.Q.A.M. Hello.
Hey Neil.
Yes sir.
Three quick things buddy.
I'm happy to ask one of us is definitely closed.
Yeah.
OK.
And when you close.
So it's corkies by the way North mind would be definitely closed.
When you play that song.
Yeah.
Are those the airplane wheels getting on the runway?
Yeah.
That's right.
It is right.
Good thing you're in.
You're sharp.
You're sharp as a motzibol talent.
Here we go.
Let's do the entire squeal on the runway.
Eventually.
I mean how long is this going on before we hear the entire squeal?
We heard him as right.
It wasn't the beginning.
There they are.
Yeah.
It's bad.
I stepped on it.
That's really bad.
I promoted a DUI thing for last night and then I stepped on the wheels.
So of course to show you.
But you know what the good news is Chris?
1100 votes on the poll.
All right.
Now we're not going to make it to a 13.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You're hyperventilating these.
You're dreaming.
Like I said, you can do it.
12 plus whatever we can get.
No, no 1300 today.
Stop it a baloney.
WQI am hello.
I shall begin today for a second.
Okay Mike.
Okay, thank you.
Say how to wrestle races.
Look out now.
Okay.
Oh!
Now he's had living a little bit.
All right.
That was the fake bomb.
Blind Michael will tell you.
No, it was not.
No, it was not.
All right.
That was not the fake blind Mike.
That guy named Sam, who does a great blind-mic impersonation.
Are you serious?
The reason that you knew that that was the fake one.
Are you sure it was quick and witty?
Oh.
Didn't sound too quick or witty to me.
Why?
Because he said look out now.
Get out of here.
Get away.
All right.
Where do you come up with this crap?
All right.
He's been calling for years.
We used to work with him.
He used to brag about it.
Sam.
We used to work with him.
A part-time engineer.
And what station I would be?
I would be.
I think he did a little bit of work here too once in a while.
You know, we had a guy named Sam who was a production guy at KAT a hundred years ago.
A guy who's like the guy.
A good guy.
I don't know why he was a good guy, but he just was.
He was the production ace at KAT.
I'm going to go back and get a little bit out of retirement.
Since we're going to head up the new KAT, we're going to get all the old people back.
Ken Katsy Martin back though I think he's dead.
And Arksmith, the engineer, I'm sure he's dead.
People who can get this whore-timer on there.
From the Space Transit Plan to the start.
Gayser.
WQ.
What do you call him?
Uncle Neil, you're a goddess.
Yeah, okay, thanks.
That must have been...
What?
Yeah, the God.
WQ, right, I'm Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Is Matthew Hall still in Toronto?
Matthew Hall?
Yeah.
What is that?
I just bought Neil Young live at Matthew Hall, 1971 Toronto.
Oh, I was here on TV.
They probably tore that damn thing though.
Good thing.
Another quick, quick story.
My friend just got a fancy job offer in Manhattan.
And he's living up in the workshers.
Right.
Go ahead.
And I told him whatever you do, don't do what the great Neil Rogers did.
Don't turn down a great job offer in New York.
What job offer did I turn down?
I don't know.
Didn't you...
I thought I already told that story before.
Oh, that was WAV's three different times.
I was Rick Sparrow, who was a big fan of mine.
Yeah.
I hope you did.
You would have been a legend in New York and that would have been cool.
Well, I would have been super cool.
But I might have been talking to some people in the IQ larger than their thumbnails.
So why the hell would you want to do that?
I'm doing okay, man.
I have no regrets I'm doing.
Just fine as wine, you know.
My friend, he's up there in the Berksers.
I said, don't worry.
They'll still be there when you want to return.
Don't turn them.
That's to work.
You're not going nowhere.
Good point.
Okay, good luck to you, Bailey.
Good luck to your buddy there.
Sounds like you can use some.
All these people, if you just go on serious,
if you just go on...
The fact that these people are lunatics and it's a technical disaster
and a joebell and the clearance between the two of them have gotten IQ like you
have size of your thumb.
I mean, yeah, that's annoying.
It's something to bitch about.
But, you know, sometimes in life it's good to have things to bitch about and belly
it can get off your chest.
You know, I'm not a little bit of a Simon.
I'm a little too.
Well, not that little.
Oh.
Love and O7 on the pole though.
Do do do do do do do do do.
Oh, you made me body has a pain on.
I'm not a little bit of a Simon.
Do do do do do do.
Will play your name into the system and send a me of the stage.
Don't even father to question.
Just follow and don't pay.
Everybody's turning classes to us.
We're going to be a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
a little bit more on this.
Well, let's see if nickel would say about you, or she's got a great ass.
Like he said about her in summer.
It damn on your hands and knees and lick my boot.
What else has?
1232 or 560 WQM, happy, a Thursday to you.
I cannot believe that I did that thing reading the stupid ass thing.
It said well.
Well, you weren't even paying any attention.
Yeah, but it would have all done that.
Read the wrong day.
Chris never did it.
I'll go a whole radio show doing that.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Oh, hey, hoops.
Oh, and that's right.
1232.
I better turn on the TSM right now, which is owned by ESPN now.
Well, there's a Mohammed Afbar.
Oh, they got motoring 2007.
Oh, it's on the network.
You said it's on CBNS.
Is there a correct there it is?
Objects, loads of online.
You know, plus live.
It's going in steps from each game.
There you go.
You see the delay.
Of course it's delay because, don't know to understand these people are picking up.
You're watching it live on Twitter.
I'm talking about that.
I'm on Twitter channel four.
These people here on my cable on Margers cable are picking it up off the satellite.
And then they're refining it.
And then they're sticking their own spots in there.
Now who's playing here?
Maryland and Davidson.
John Davidson.
Very, very solid job.
18-8.
It looks like a real barn burner.
Maybe it looks like a nippin' tuck or nippin' suds.
Oh, 13-2 way.
Whatever the hell it is.
It's nobody here.
Bar off the curb.
We did a lot of schools, but they promised them playing.
I'm a Davidson.
He's the best.
He does some of the NFL games too.
I cannot stand him.
He sounds like Kenny Elber.
He's got a mouthful of elephant dropping.
Oh my goodness.
Oh my goodness.
This is right.
That's enough of it for me.
That's all I need.
I'd rather watch the leaf-speed Tampa Bay from a couple of nights ago.
Why don't we see that as opposed to this?
Let's get some hockey talk on it.
I appreciate that.
I cater with that much energy and that much skill to put on display every night.
Maybe is kind of losing interest down the stretch.
You're knowing that their fate is already sealed.
But who knows?
Who knows?
That's right.
You tell them.
Brian Duff.
Everybody's named Duff.
Hey Duff.
You're fairy.
11-20 on the dial.
That's a KDK at Pittsburgh.
He's 10-20 on the dial.
Excuse me.
I say 11-20.
I don't know what that is.
5-6-7-05-60.
Pound 5-60 on the horizon.
See, once upon a time, the AM dial was really exciting.
You know, like when I was a kid 600 years ago, before they invented like iPods and stuff.
AM radio was really exciting when there was nothing on FM except a bunch of classical slush and garbage like that.
Everybody had an AM radio.
They had like a little transistor system.
When I was at Michigan State, I had like a little white RCA transistor radio.
And you could drop that thing.
You could smash it.
Because it didn't have any Q.
It was at that point they started making all these transistor-ized cellars.
Now they call it solid state, right?
Right.
They call it rock solid state.
Everybody had those.
Even in East Lansing, they were at Michigan State in my dorm.
We listened to the night to WABC and the WLL Chicago.
And CKL, W, all these other great stations.
Yeah, a night time, it was big 50,000.
And of course in Florida, nobody could hear most of that.
Which is one of the reasons Florida turned into what it is now.
An outdoor septic tank.
WQRM, hello.
Don't ever use Pococo, napkin, to wipe your stuff.
I'll give that a try today.
How do you like that?
I don't know if that's such a good idea getting that.
But why not?
It sounds really good to me.
I was great the first time I'd done it.
But I'd have to get off my fat arson go all the way over there.
It's at least a block and a half.
Ooh.
Yeah.
WQRM, hello.
Yeah, hi.
It's a process on that square.
Yeah, there's a process all right.
WQRM, hello.
It's called putting your neck in the guillotine.
QAM.
Nail.
Long time, long time brother.
I'm right.
Listen, I just want to say a greeting to you.
And I'm going to be late.
Congratulations on your 30s.
And I ran into Rick Levinfall a couple of weeks back.
Wow, Rick Levinfall used to work at Channel 7 right next to him, right?
And he asked if he was still on the dial and he thought that for sure you would have been
required.
That's only still going strong.
But he's still on the dial.
Where is he?
He's up in New York with Teddy.
Teddy.
Teddy.
Teddy.
Teddy, Teddy Daniels.
Penny, Daniels?
You remember?
Yeah, that's right.
I do remember that bitch.
I mean, I remember Penny.
Penny's from heaven.
Penny's from Perkertury.
Okay, well, say how to Rick again.
Thanks a lot.
He's okay.
He's a good guy.
I love this show.
So, I think about all those fakers, man.
Let's see.
If you go to Taco Bell, make sure you check your bag to make sure you got what you ordered.
Oh, when you stop, stop.
This isn't South Florida.
This is Toronto, baby.
This is a real city where we got all these real people working.
You know, people from India and Pakistan and Hong Kong.
It says otherwise you might find a, it says Taco Bell is notorious here in South Florida
for giving you the wrong order.
Otherwise you might find a nasty surprise when you're back when you get home.
Like maybe something with a bunch of mooshy beans in it.
Now, you see what I do is I, I know this requires tremendous, uh, uh, uh, uh, what's the word I'm looking for?
It's a word of attention on your part.
Attentiveness.
That's the word I'm looking for.
Okay.
Is you actually stand there and you watch what they're making.
What they're making you want.
Right.
You keep your eye on it, you know, and you make sure they're not deep into that mooshy bean thing there.
All that, that big vat of mooshy beans.
Oh, man.
How can you people eat that swill?
And what is it they like about it?
Is it, I mean, I don't know.
You know, delicious, but no taste, but bad taste.
Exactly.
Which is like when it's there in the dip, you know, it's like take it or leave it.
I mean, I'll say it was good mooshy and it's like, you know, a chocolate pudding.
Right.
Right.
Yeah.
Or like, nicely, nicely tempered, bite of hog and daos or, um, uh, Ben and Jerry's ice cream.
That's mooshy and it's good.
Like, like, Rocky Road would be good.
Now, maybe instead of going over to Taco Bell, maybe I'll just, uh, mooshy on down to the Eden Center
and go over there to, uh, uh, bastard robins.
Yeah, go eatin' at the Eden Center.
And you have like, uh, three, three, uh, scoops hot-fights Sunday with like, well, I better not do that.
So you're start with the food stuff today with that Chick-fil-A story.
So some, some, let's play into them some, uh, some, uh, some Sentinel.
And if anybody out there eats, uh, today at Chick-fil-A and gets a wild, nasty, intestinal, uh, grip, or whatever, if they're gripping it, well, don't play me.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
I know.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello, Neil, on a great, bloody day to you.
Yeah.
Hey, all four of you, come on.
Good day, boys.
How about you, the real one would be good, huh?
You could do it.
You could do it, yeah, let's, let's try real boys.
Hello, hello, hello.
W-Q-A-M, hello.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hi.
Is it Neil?
Yeah, it is.
Okay, love your show.
How's everything?
Everything is great, Pellie.
How's everything by you?
How's things, man?
Everything's good.
How's every little thing?
I'm looking for, uh, and Neil's noise is the, uh, bit Thai Tommy or Thai Tony.
Oh, are you going to do a request now, Thai Tommy?
How old?
I'm Tommy from Thai Tommy, saying for the best Thai food and the best service.
As long as you're not black, come on down to Thai Tommy or South Beach.
We ain't all like black people.
They don't keep well.
Besides, why black people are too eat Thai food anyway?
We're not have fried chicken on the menu.
Oh, wait.
I forget.
We have spare ribs.
You change, I talk.
What's the spare ribs on the menu?
It's a battle.
So, if you're not black, come on down to Thai Tommy.
Come to think of it.
Those damn gay people, we ain't all like them either.
Should they keep food?
But they talk too loud with funny lists.
They stop other customers.
Not come back.
So, no gay, no black.
And while we're at it, ladded people, you make reservations for 715.
Don't show up at 820 and explain your table.
We get to somewhere else already.
Ladded people are always late.
No black, no gay, no ladded in Thai Tommy.
And Jewish people, you stop bickering our bill.
Who cares who have what?
Pay with the angle, set it outside.
Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill.
We ain't all want you here.
No Jew, no black, no fat, no Cuban.
And white people, you think you better that everybody else come plain too much
if we don't kiss your ass.
You'll not come back.
No white, no black, no Jew, no Latinos, no gay.
Everybody else for the best Thai food.
Carm on the Thay Tommy on the beach.
Hurry before we have to close.
The biggest name of the best talents of the business.
Rio Rajas for 20560.
UAM.
God.
Who are present and who run?
It might be fun.
Are you gonna give it up?
Try.
Who you make the voters run?
Are you the one?
Will we open up black guys?
Obama never step for us.
He's on top.
It's amazing.
He's time for his name.
Don't fight.
He's an arrow guy.
My, my, my, my, my, my.
The purple rock, the Obama.
The purple rock, the Obama.
The purple rock, the Obama.
The purple rock, the Obama.
The Obama.
The Trump, he vote still.
Right on the wall.
All right, I said let's have a little hockey talk.
What are you saying with the old, poverty, just turned 400 years old.
1131 votes on the pool.
Pretty impressive, he asked me.
You are there aren't you right here for someone.
I've had hockey talk about like about four seconds of it.
A lot of it.
I'll go off and down the floor.
Well, that's not here that college hoop scrap .
What's the scope?
I don't want to know no more.
I can watch it in HD. I'm sure let's see. Oh not on this side. I can't
Like I said how come I a guy like me with all the bucks that I'm making
How come a guy like me don't have a really nice HD set right in here beside that Toshiba in the other room?
Because number one, I won't fit on there number two. What do I need that for although I can be watching the basketball game in HD?
20
20
Voice Christmas
That's what I'm asking him sure not I don't remember his name off hand. You know who I'm talking about. Yeah, I know you're talking about
Yeah, he is just horrible
Verne very long quest long quest see there you go drape mines work alike here is something like that
Verne long quest fat mines work alike. Let me get that off of there real fast go to any other channel anything else anything
But college hoops. Oh you better you better get with it. Neil. I said all real men are worried about right now
His college hoops and all the bets they have on a game is right
If they didn't have the ability to bet on these games they couldn't give a crap less about you know loyal right and chat nouga and
You know ip switch and all these other if salani. I can't wait for the big game between ip switch and if salani
56705 60 and pop 560 and legalized in singular wireless line
WDQ. I am hello
Now yes sir. How you doing today sir great. How are you doing sir?
Bandam tathik listen. I got a great idea for you to piss even more of those
religion groups off that
Call into your show and bitch and write your letters. You should
read the letters and pitch them off even more some second tie to here and I'm complaining bitch about you
You're the best fine
What any idea what he's talking about?
I know it's so I don't know
Like that let's hear it again
Okay, just in case you missed it the first time I'll ride on the best
Thanks for kissing the palli kissy kissy. I will never run a first date
137 votes on the appol will make 1200 I think that's the goal and Chris in there are 13 14 are come on us to 1600 fast
So you can do it you better like you know have an idea today is the eyes of March
You think on the eyes of Marcy's people are got time to be poxking around loading in our stupid ass poll
And this is not a good poll I'll give you the result right now. This poll is terrible
And I think it's one of Charlie's okay and Charlie sends so many good polls
He's not gonna feel bad about that is he and even if he does no we don't care. He knows he's a valuable reason
He is he's a great resource to this show man
I got it sent in 6000 polls already a couple of me we actually pretty good
Embarrassingly I don't know and it's got a list of stuff
But I know the answers to all the 70% of our stoop audience
797 797 out of 1137 I hate this poll 10.8% 123. They don't like it. I can understand I can relate
The words to the star Spangled Banner 83 they don't know them and who cares?
You don't need when we don't have the Jose Felicia on the star Spangled Banner. That's about RC. No, I don't
I don't even have please never get dead. I love holy so
We police Lee whatever's name is homie's Navidad. I see how no, yeah
The answer is to several of what he just relax. It's not like I'm losing it
It's just the you know when you talk crack four hours of a day
You're like it you're a tongue where your tooth is supposed to be where my bike is supposed to be
Maybe I'll go back to the dentist again
The answer is to several of these I don't know 65 that's tragic where Iraq is on a map
That's up to 27 most of these people are liars liars if we put a gun to your head and we said okay
We're gonna pull the trigger unless you tell us where Iraq is like you just say go ahead
The answer to any of these 12. I don't know and that's that's crazy
Pledge of allegiance eight. I pledge allegiance to the Fag. Huh now how it goes?
One nation
Yeah, you still have liberty and the justice and for justice
Everybody knows where we go for justice. Don't call you all that's right. And that should be in a pledge of allegiance, shouldn't
Let's get the senator to work on it. You know the senator from under pada
Who are nations capitals named for seven what sides fought in the Civil War four? Oh, Eastern West. I'm sure
What year America declared its independence for who was president before w for that?
That's just got to be a joke vote. Okay. That's just silly as crap
How many stars there are in the flag too? Although it could be who was president before w could be your people, you know
Because it wasn't what was it was some communist there
How many stick clinton communist stick how many stars in the flag too?
And how many states there are in union too? And there may be some relationship between the two
I could be wrong about that
Out of now 1144 votes. So they're starting to come in in chunks now
Doug Thompson's got a column. I should have read yesterday
But we had a short show yesterday you can play you can blame the Marlins that you had a way today for this because everybody
Loved Doug Thompson and as a student commentary some capital hill blue calm. Don't we yes we do
Yes, is that we do
He says the Bush administration tried to investigate itself and yet another scandal
Price to dismiss the firing of a US attorneys who failed the White House loyalty test as a legal move because the attorney served at the pleasure of the president
Okay, fair enough. But let's remember that under our system of government George W. Bush serves as president at the pleasure of the American people
And we've got a news flash for you Mr. Bush. We the American people no longer believe you should be serving at our pleasure
So if it's okay for you to sack eight US attorneys because they're no longer serving at your pleasure
Then he'd the call the American people to think it's high time you packed your bags and vacated your temporary residence
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue
You overstay you welcome mr. Bush American voters delivered a strong message last November
We're sick and tired of your lies your corruption and your legal and immoral war that sent so many Americans to their death
It's no longer our pleasure to have you serving as our president
Help for some of us it was never our pleasure to have your line corrupt as the Washington and took these supreme for it to put you
They're actually lost the profit of our nation wide
That alone should a center message most of the Americans who voted nationwide didn't why you to be our president
That means you started out serving without our pleasure
I'm not surprised to sack eight US attorneys
White House documents show you wanted to fire them all but that would have raised all kinds of red flags
So you got rid of those with the gold or prosecuted crooked Republicans for their crimes and hope they wouldn't become a public issue
but it did
Just as so many other examples of your question and elections that emerged to review your
The parable levels of criminal activity
I'm also not surprised that a birdo
General attorney general bird over O5 Gonzalez is in the middle of this latest scandal
Gonzalez will be just another
Ambulance chasing shyster in Texas
If he hadn't proven his loyalty by twisting the law to figure this spot. It ideas on leadership like John Ascroff before him
Gonzalez is a knee-jerk conservative lightweight who puts power above the law and politics about the Constitution
Your actions over the last six years showcase your utter content for the Constitution and the world of the people
You've forgotten that we the people are your boss and your an employee who serves in your position our pleasure
So let's follow the example you said with this missile weight US attorneys mr. President your fire did it
That's what dark Thompson says your fire did it did it is what he says how do you like that? We're gonna send you rise to
Abu Ghar right yeah, maybe the rest of you too
It's really it's just amazing to me
All the crap that's going on and they're still talking American Idol and they're still stories about ending the coal and
Who is the father of the baby and who's the father of America and all of a sudden I think Tom Brady done it
Looks to me like he's he's a man on the mission or maybe in the missionary position
What I don't understand is calling me two weeks later and still being mad
Like it's forts is nothing more than a release mechanism. It's a chance for a few hours
Either in the course of the radio program or and the time you spend in the in the stadium or the arena
To forget about all the other problems. Yeah, forget about it
That's right Bob McCown on the fan 590 in Toronto. He's uh, he's pretty good
He doesn't take it all that seriously see that that's what I like his guys if they're involved in the sports business
That's how they make their living more power to him
But they don't take it all that serious like they realize that it's just like he just got to say a diversion a perversion for whatever
You know go to a game for a couple of hours and like he said
Let's not be talking about it a week later and still be pissed off about it
And what do you think about Danny and Jimmy and what do you think about the coach and what about that next savings
And we tar and feather him and lynches ass about you know coach
Yeah, the coach the coach what do you think about the coach coach coach
Coachy Coachy has a little Bob Coach in Burgundy is to call him coach
Only behind his back though
1151 votes on the pool today and it is a nasty pool and we're still gonna do 1200
Now do you like that Chris Chris a message is laughing up his sleeve
I'm not what was the what was the menu do you're today?
How is grouper fingers
What are the grouper fingers what is that good you know what that mean?
Is that like breaded grouper is that what that is right like fish sticks oh man like Mrs. Paul's no fresh grouper lightly
Breaded and fried to perfection and how he's deep fat fry oh
Well, you just wait till uh Chris is a girlfriend comes in over the child
I can't wait
Yeah, but how about the lunch we have something for her too now bet you do and you don't want it here's a bulletin
She don't want it you know, but she don't want it
And when I'm up in Belkittika slap an old woman with painted lips around the pool I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers there in balance one to two hours
Hey for real by the way
I think it is I know that me and you in the news much better go in six to ten and not in five
A gentile in the cranky do I think we might be happy to get there
I think you really got out of your mind you got to have your weary bed
Spam on to tight no chance of the way show it you
I'd rather die with the graphite together
Why I'll help you know got a lot big fucking
Jew from Brooklyn high
I've been raised by everybody but you
You're not my type
Me and my friend that would blow the way that if we had a fight that you'd survive
Who'd wanna hear a gentile and push it tight that's graphite together
Yeah
But you with you with me for me is much better
And that five it's only right that I should get for sleep but night I think we might be happy to get
Now
Oh
I don't think I ever let that let it go all the way out before like that you know let it all hang out baby
101 at five six you know a lot of chicken eggs pizza like that
There's like a little something special right the very ass end you know like like that thing about this
Or later you know that's right and all the bombs are bursting and everything is falling
Yeah, that's it last little drop of crap a little tinkle
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line
Of course there ain't nobody this enough is there all watching college hoops
I'm sure they got a great 721 record oh yeah, it is called rova in there in Tore Alabama. That's a good place for them
So I have Charlotte North
I'm in a 29 37 38 David should get back in for the Turks
I'm like a little excuse
I'm so much like I'm fully before seven foot tall guys are freaks the freaks of nature yeah like y'all mean
Don't see him and you go y'all you're like that
I'm not right by toe that's what I say
But then once in a while and you know
Coma's basketball used to be okay. There used to be like some human
And of course what you talking about what the guys look like that sounds very gay
I'm sure what else what I watch this crap for I have no I don't bet on sports
Gonna bet on ball games. What kind of an idiot? Well, I got the I got the card. I got the yeah, yeah, right. I got your card
All right
Like John McCain's got his picks. Okay pick this John pick your nose pick your dome get out of here. You're not fooling anybody no mole
WQYM hello
Oh no
Yes
Hey
About what
Yeah, okay, well, I'm up in arms about your phone. Okay, get it. We have one that works and call us back someday
Sometimes after get a phone that works. Okay, everybody's up in arms about chick filet
I think it's what he was saying well you know something
You're going to break to show what an idiot. I was I'm thinking maybe the
With all the publicity I gave him because of that sunset logical today
Maybe they would bring you guys in food then I'm thinking well the guy if the guy that owns the chain is an evangelical
fanatic is you're going to like this show right? He's a godless
Secondary humanist kind of radio show where we tend to that it's all a bunch of crap
All a bunch of baloney. Okay, baloney without the taste and who likes baloney anyway when you come right down to it
I could live without if I never have baloney's Hank is on CNN
But anyway
So I'm thinking that maybe our friends at kfc next source since they do like us
And since it's not owned by a religious nut for instance the curl wasn't some kind of
evangelical lunatic running around he was just spreading the good chicken word. That's all he was doing
The national people that hook us up with the food when that happens
What do we brother? It's not the local manager like the guy across the street may or may not know who the hell we are KFC right
So what do I care about that?
See why do you make everything into a big simous you know what I'm saying?
I don't really care what's the national people the local people the state the regional people
I'm just saying somebody there likes us okay. Yeah somebody there likes us please you know like that
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes. Can we talk about still got
He said WQ a.m. Hello
Hello Bill Harry
WQ a.m. Hello. Oh hello, man. Yeah
Listen, um, you know first of all you people I don't know you are the king of just
Have a lot of subjects to talk about yeah, wait, but the reason I call to you is because what is the reason you called me sir?
I am not an expert on Islam. Oh, by the way, it is caramel
But that's not it's carol. You know, but no, this is caramel. Okay, only go in
Look it up. Okay, I'm not gonna lie. Go ahead
That's what I call them not an expert on Islam or I have bread national geographic once or twice
Now I'm sure you have and uh and you said um just one it got it probably a month ago now
And you were having this fight of ideas about uh Muhammad and you said people don't care if Muhammad
Wife's with his right hand or his left
That's what the whole thing with us. She hasn't as soon as he's all about that's what all the big arguments about
Which one has the Tony that's brewing sir. I don't want to hear it
5 6 7 0 5 60 anything that has to do with all our religious crap
I'm not really interested anymore, but on the year her 31 years in this town
I you know, I had all the get skis on there the rav buys and the priests and the ministers and the shifters and the schlock
Mysters and the arbor tristors and I'm not interested it's boring
If you want to waste your time with theory tales want to talk to some other theory. Okay, that's my son
Go talk to the leprechauns. It's St. Patty's there on Saturday
Go get some green beer
I wonder they still bring in the green bagels like they used to remember that
That's that possibly I imagine they do I think that was a Q a.m
Mm-hmm you go on there and a big table there in the hallway where more used to steal all the food and put it under his arm
Pits and his pants next to the dingleberries
He's the only guy who started we enjoyed dingle berries on bagels. That was really something
I mean I like great things. Yeah, what is it dingle berries that make a great jam?
Mm-hmm that dingleberry jam and that one another Nelt and John song sure
That's the good jam and it you can dance to it. WDQ a.m. Hello
Nice
It's whoever you're calling that's what is
Hey
Get up phone sir get up phone. I mean, you know what are these people doing pulling these out of the sea aquarium somewhere out of the ocean floor
What are these people doing over here must be this guy must be a
A bunk butt buddy with that other guy called couple of calls ago about people are all up in arms
Yeah, about your crappy phone and then you're calling a radio show if you have a phone
It isn't any good don't waste your time calling radio shows, okay?
Basically, there are there are three kinds of people that call radio shows number one people have nothing to say number two people
Who might have something to say but have crappy phones and then the four people who actually have something to say
And some people hear from them
WDQ Q.A.M. Hello
Yeah, if so that's just alone was a football player what yeah, what position do you think he would play? Yeah
Sure as I wouldn't be 10 end I'll tell you that and that was this that was the uh socket rocket table yesterday
On Q.A.M. in our morning show with their one seven sure
See anybody can have like a really horrendous month like everybody didn't jenny run the station because we're fading fast
But I mean, you know over that the one seven is over three months, you know, that's a one a two and uh what a two
They can't even if they can't even do the loren's wealth. They can't even get up to the three
You know, I want a two or three and across the street
They can't get up to a three and any day party either. Okay. What does that tell you about sports talk?
Okay about narrow casting and not that I know anything about radio business. I've only been in it for 450 years
On a.m. ad fm and pm and mornings and nights and mid days and you name it and the naked and clothes and everything else
But well, I know about it
So no matter what I tell them they do the opposite that that's the deal
You know, we had that big lunch boost beasley and jolly joebell and Norma Kent and me we had a big lunch and and the soup was great
So you've said yeah
W.A.M. Hello. I've got a lot of material with George
Oh those two are there is two are in the bunk Q.A.M. Hello
Neil yes sir
Um from time to time you play some pretty exciting
Hockey sports announcer bit. Yeah, sure
But I say the the greatest one you have I think is the basketball one
Yeah, yeah, yeah, well they're just going to quarter and the screaming to yourself. Whoa
He did it. The scream at yourself. Okay
Not interested we're not doing requests or we're not doing any sports okay if you're in the sports
You want to see some basketball turn on that horse ball
There you go that's that's are you getting and he got canned anyway. They they railroaded him. Mm-hmm
Dave Helberstem good guy. I think it was an antracimatic thing if he has the undergrad
I think we got to go talk to Pat Raleigh and ask about that
I know this pet ride is getting political the other day. I didn't mention it on the air because it's so stupid
They're asking him about the war, you know
But when you have to start asking guys whose entire lives are involved in in some stupid-ass sport
And you're what you want to get some political aimalization from them that goes to tell me how desperate that it's become
That's America for you. There's that magic that Alberto Vio van Gonzalez again nation's top lawn force
Oh my god. Love it 77 on the pool. We got 1200 like that. So it is 1200 will be fine
I mean when you've been doing this long enough like I have you finally get a you get the hang of it. I mean you get hung
I wish Q.A.M. Hello
Neil do you think the panthers could trade by an Allen for Alexander Ovechkin?
Now you're talking yeah
Okay, Steven women are comedian sitting. That's great. How many Q.A.M. Hello? Hello?
Yes, how are you doing? I'm just coming back in the town. I listen to you when I was living down here
I just wanted to give you a shout out then give you all my support for the Leafs this year since I'm from Edmonton and my team's not gonna make it
Yeah, we're not gonna make it either. I don't think but we're giving it a shot, you know
Yeah, no
Go strong and lead nation and beat the Hurricanes
Okay, thank you. Yeah
Town we in Colorado man
I can barely think of a worse match up than that
I wouldn't want to say if you paid me by the second. I would probably go out and go go to Chick-fil-A first
I'm trying to think I'm wondering is Chick-fil-A do we have it here? I would think so we got all the other major changes
Is that a major chain would you say?
Well considering that they were only in the food courts of malls up and so recently. Yeah, we got no
I'm all plenty of food cards here. I would say no not
No, not not that major
How about minor? Okay, major minor. I see WQA.M. Hello
I
WQA. I'm hello
Yeah, he is out of control Q.A.M. Hello
Neil yes sir
Is it real? Let me say it again. Yes sir. You said Neil and I said yes sir. When I indicate to you
It's probably me. Yes. That's it again
I was listening last week and you were talking about
Called the daughter wasn't there
All right
Not only are they like I said not only are the colors the usual you know caliper and like old points
But they also the phones they're really good. I'm gonna go to Taco Bell right now. Here's George. All right
Talk about the script over in a commercial. Talk some college hoops
Or just talk about
I
Those time he get to meet the jack walls now you get the hell out of here
You know, it's interesting. They said they were dinner time
I went through that whole rant about the Johnny Fontaine never gets that part and they're they like having a dinner
You know, it's evening knows who he is now Johnny Fontaine will never get that movie. I don't care how many day go getting you
What grease ball gum bars come out of the woodware? I'm German Irish. Well, let me tell you something my crout meck friend
I'm gonna make so much trouble for you. You won't know what else come a lawyer. I have not threatened
I know almost every big lawyer in New York who the hell are you off little boy? No
Goodbye Scooter
You out at secret agents and the field and got them killed like the king or a tree in the school
Can't pick your boy friends in the tunes
You look like the time for flipping I'd like to ask working on the
From your vantage point does Jamie have a mole on his hand
Welcome here we go again
I never knew
Who we find the fiend
We'll never know how many agents died cause of your thing
With the flow back and flow of the joy
When you see yourself that Jamie you can ask him why
All his fame rhymes with Agnew
All good old spirit suspicious spirit lag news baby one 18 at five sixty WQA and we got the mad dog
Coming up at two o'clock then we got the power hour with Hank of the mad dog all that stuff from rivals fourths grill
And we're better than if we do we know where that is?
And then the Humper at the rivals then we got the Panther game and I panthers at seven o'clock and then the panthers in Buffalo at the macarena 730
Sounds like a loss to me and he came from Vegas after the hockey game
Look at that phone all of a sudden went blank
They're all watching the hoop
Are you serious sounds like one of those European soccer games?
See I wouldn't go to a soccer game if you played paid me about a second
And the one of the things that amazes me is is this boring as soccer is altering the match
Yeah people are like there's this constant roar going on to the ground
And you wonder what what is it that they're saying what are they doing? What is all this noise about there's absolutely
No, I guess who the best
What is right now Christiana Ronaldo? So do I have an eye for him or what who Christiana Ronaldo
It's my boy Christiana from my portagacy baby
5 6 7 0 5 C probably don't like the Portuguese if you don't like the Mexicans you don't like the Nicaragua
That's a problem
You shouldn't like the people from the many clever publicana I have no problem with any of those people none of them are gypsies
How about C-Han Durin when you get to the gypsies then I'll have a problem
Are you saying the Mexicans are gypsies that would you know I didn't say that at all
What did you say B? I said they're fine hardworking beaners
Oh
So the bad thing today is the eyes of Martian that else think what am I all?
See
You asked why people call in the talk radio shows says this facts Paul Benziquan at W E E I in Boston
Howard uh not Howard David Howard Miller used to be at W E E I in Boston. He was boring
I used to say that people called in to hear themselves on the radio
Well, there's no question about this and I'm as fact because very often what you'll do if you leave the call on for a little bit
You can hear them turn off the radio and with the delay you know they're turning up lots of they can hear the sound of their own voice on the air
That's what they do man. They're squeezing their kneecaps and anything else they can get their hands on while they hear their own voice on the radio
Which is what they're trying to say is I have no right? Well, I'm on the radio. Oh, I don't like big deal. Okay. I'm on the radio every day
It's other than the paycheck. It's no big deal to me
W.A.M. Hello
Not there. I'm fortunate good line to Q.A.M. Hello. I'm Camille. Yes. Sorry. I'll come start the deskman going back to Amsterdam tomorrow
Oh boy
Camille crude take your seat. It's not freezing over there. I saw the weather last night was like 13 degrees mile looking
13 which is 50 that's 56 Fahrenheit
Listen, you know soccer is the best sport. It's the most important. It's soccer is garbage
Soccer is
It blows man. I want my ass. That's a sport. No, I can't
Okay, great
Good. Good. Get lost
see how the damn rack
Or maybe just see on the rack would be good maybe one of those torture museum there
I'm stood on they got the sex museum in the torture museum right next to the right
I don't have the food museum
Oh, no, I think they do that one place called good luck and believe me you need it to survive it's called good luck
And I finally I took a magic marker and I put it like on the pineapple on a piece of slice of a pizza that they had in the window on the pineapple slices
And every time I go back to Amsterdam I look in the window and it's still there
I understand the hot com that stuff doesn't get mold they put all the plastic they put like macro
No, it's not made of plastic it's for real because once in a while you'll see some poor kid some
Shmendrick tourists come along and go into one of those joints and say oh, I'll have a slice of the pineapple
And they'll go into that pan and they'll take one of those
And they put it in the oven they heat it up baby
Maybe they heat it so hot that it kills all the mung on there. I don't know. I'm not exaggerating. I'm serious
And I guess most of the people there are so fried most of the time that they they don't even know the difference
You know you can even feed them any kind of garbage
Maybe those are dog droppings on all the streets. I don't know
5 6 7 0 5 60 and
Palm 5 60 I can only imagine what the dogs eat there god
Gotta be better than what the humans are eating
70 Q a.m. Hello. Hey Neil how you doing? Okay, sir
I was waiting to radio for a little bit, but you were talking about restaurants before I'm not your restaurant guy that calls once in a while
Works for a fast food magazine. We lost a lot of restaurants here on federal highway flood records
Euston's Denny's you know a lot of it tell me what happened to Houston's I love Houston's mom a lot of these buildings
Sublime they got damaged in the hurricane the guy from Houston's just got tired and they wouldn't repair the building his landlord
So he just packed up and left and that happened to Denny's that happened to flood workers
They got a lot of damage in the hurricane and they and they're just gone the only thing good over here on this side
Now a zone of fresco over there Mexican place on federal
But the problem with flood workers that a lot of these players like that they're getting killed by these 99 sent menus in McDonald's burger king Wendy's
And they can't compete with it
You know who now? I mean what do you want you want cheaper? Do you want good? That's my question
You want something delicious something really succulent or do you want just cheap? You know what?
We got to watch your slippers there. Look at all the money in that time man
I know and the thing about Chick-fil-A it's a very well-respected company because they treat their employees really good
Their turnovers like 50 60 percent. It's usually two to three hundred percent of fast food
And he is a religious guy that's closed on Sundays
But he treats his employees very well and the people that work there like it so and that sense he's pretty good
So it's a good play wonderful to know it's enough to turn my ass around on it. There you go
Pally see one there goes our chick-fil-A all the way maybe like I said maybe they'll send some food over for you guys tomorrow
Maybe and maybe not and maybe they will and maybe somebody else will grab it
Since you're getting the scooter on the Jerry Advises, you know, I mean bokeh camper. He's he's eight feet tall
He weighs about four hundred pounds. What the hell is he need all that to char-hard for anyway, huh?
That big body requires a lot of maintenance. Is that what it is? How about sharing Kimba huh? How about sharing sharing Kimba? Who's that?
Kimba with me Kimba
Boy, those are the days man. Me Kimba
Talk about Abrahamian zombie. Wow
Hey Kimba you're fairy
And now and I was before a dike so really became popular too. I'm not saying that she was but I mean she sure
She sure sounded the party, you know
Just what you want if you're gonna have some chick-on-plane music on FM have somebody inside
And instead of somebody who sounds salt-free and sexy and might you know attract a male audience because they sound like that
Have somebody sounds like an Amazon, you know me Kimba
Sound like she was auditioning for gunga dinner something like that according to toast. She kind of looked like that too
really
I
See there right now
Sitting on Chris's lap. No, but I was talked about either yesterday that day before when I was getting the log in the morning
Let me tell you something about toast. Okay, if there was anybody aptly named in this business. He's it
Because if he's the one responsible for that square round the oblong table crap
He ought to be pilloried right there. Whatever that means. He ought to be hilloried
That'll take him out there and hang his ass from the fly pull right over there a KFC across the street
Then you can get your freaking chicken
See I still think you see this is what tells me about your belly hard away all these people
They used to work across the street at the ticket, okay, and that was gonna be the big in they were gonna get all the inside dope and all the inside
secrets, huh? You know and then now
You know we got the numbers they used to have most of the day and they got the numbers we had when you put them together
You still don't have a good number and believe me. I know a good number when I see one trust me when I tell you hmm
25 past one at QAM
Hey, yeah, there's there's no point in even be moaning that fact
Because like you say as long as we keep talking sports. Why should anybody care about that?
Like the other day when we the yesterday when we had not only the Marlin exhibitionist game on in the afternoon
But if that didn't put you out like a like a light then the u.m. My baseball game with Rutgers last night ought to do it
If we can't finish you off in the afternoon
Well, at least puts you in a coma bite no later than eight or nine believe me
Which in South Florida to be a pubic service shouldn't it should be
I was gonna ask maybe I'll save it for tomorrow because there's this big thing
Yeah, I told you I got a good friend that's going to Chicago for the first time ever on vacation
And I'm reading all there. There's like a big argument about whether you want to get ripped off at the series tower or the John Hancock building
Which is the bigger ripoff, you know?
Yeah, like you know like when they come here
They want to go to see in tower take the elevator all the way to the top and get the panoramic view and all that stuff
You know and what I'm reading online is that they're both gigantic ripoffs that they charge you an arm and a leg
And then they cost you with the elevator and if it's like a couple they you know
They want to take your picture and then when you come back down the elevator
They want to sell it back to you for like 30 bucks
Like that, you know
Well, look at that. There's Papa John's now. I don't know what you've heard through. It's just a spot first
Better be better
Now what do you what's your take?
Too much sauce that put too much sauce on there. It's always wet and drippy otherwise it would be great
Well, I mean it would sit too wet and too drippy man
I don't know
Shit, it's so fast man
If you want to do it, you're on the air
How long will you like 60s?
You A.M.
You've said goodbye
On Maryland 44 David's in 43s, start of the second half
You better get to the tube baby, get ready to lose you
I want you
Get on this park along here
And slip your track with my greasy nose
All right
You fairly know
The shots close weekend
Huh
132 at 56, you W2A
I'm all looking at it. It's good. Maybe it's good from it's a three-pointer. It looks like to me. I'm right
Of course, I'm not paying any attention. This is all clips from the first half. Anyway, I'm sure isn't it sure it is crisp? What?
Exactly. Now who do you like the wildcats of the torps?
I want with the terps the torps. Yes
You can now use the futures market to bid on hurricanes
Not the hurricanes, but just on hurricanes in general. Speaking about that guy said before that was kind of interesting
See this is what happens when you live in a place where there's hurricanes all over the place
And everything keeps getting blown to pieces and people just finally say the hell with this already
The hell with it already. That's what they say
And they shut the doors because Houston's there on federal highway. There was like legendary
Didn't you love Houston's? I always used to read about the great soups they had and a honey mustard dressing on a shallows and stuff
I liked it the one time I went there. So it's great.
gone
Starting yesterday and I'm sorry. No starting Monday
What's all day is it starting Monday that Chicago Mercontale Exchange began offering contracts covering the rival of the first
Be Hurricanes in Florida and for other coastal regions during the 2007 hurricane season
These contracts which are on extensive the CMEs existing whether contract market provide insurance firms oil companies
Utilities and others an opportunity to cover risks not predicted by traditional insurance policies
A contract essentially works like this after storm begins forming off the coast of Africa for example
A buyer can obtain a contract covering the first storm to make landfall in Florida
The risk level of the storm would be determined by sliding scale the CME
Carve a hurricane index that takes into account the size of the hurricane maximum wind velocity and damage potential
The scale starts at zero and rises the storm becomes larger and more powerful
If the storm approaches any part of Florida becomes a higher category
Hurricanes the index rises
This is a contract purchased when the index was at two for example at two grand
Could be worth 10 grand when the index rises to 10
So the more and obviously the more we want the hurricane to be gigantic and cause a tremendous amount of damage just to somebody else
The futures owner can hold on to the contract to 10 grand or sell for a higher price if the risk increases if it becomes a category 7,000
If it becomes the big blow
If the contract is worth 10 grand on the hurricane strike floor to the hold it can obtain 10,000 dollars cancer than a few days
This compares to traditional insurance policies or claims may not be settled for months
It's like going right to go into the track. It's like going to woodbind
Only actually something comes out of this machine I guess maybe
But if hurricane does not strike land in Florida during the 2007 season of contract whether it costs two grand or ten grand or more is worthless
worthless
Just like our sales department worthless
Hurricane season runs from June 1 through November 30
As the I-Tamarts study by the way case you haven't noticed
And following the devastating 2005 hurricane season that caused an estimated 79 billion dollars in damage
It became apparent there was a limited capacity to ensure customer claims said CME alternative investment products director Felix Carbeo
With these hurricane contracts ensures others will be able to transfer their risk to the capital markets
And thereby increase their capacity to ensure customers but a bit better move about so when you want to bet bigger
Hurricane small hurricane
1 category 10 category 4 million category 83 whatever
Maryland 44 and Davidson 49
Wow, who now is Davidson anybody who the hell they are I don't rank number 13 Maryland's rank number four
Nice free throw baby. There we go 50 David. Let's root for who's now obviously Maryland's the favorite the rate number four right the twerps
Correct and they're getting their ass kicked by six cruisers 1805 to go in a second half
Oh, what a do you see that he threw up a rock?
Carble
He threw up a rock he threw up a stone
He must be stoned off his ass that guy
Now let's see Davidson's got four out of the five guys are white guys
That's only a two-pointer and he may be oh geez not good not good
So anyway, anybody wants to see this crap. It's on television
I'm going back to a hockey or something. This is so boring. I
Used to like basketball once upon a time before almost all the players are bunch of seven-foot tall freaks
All that slang with jammer crap. Yeah, slang this slay. I'm in here for jammer
Let's see if there's any hockey stuff
This is still at Calgary, Calilato. Oh boy. What a match up that is. I just enough to put you into a terminal coma
It's enough to put you into a Terry Shiboh
5 6 7 0 5 60 the phone again
Dead is a door nail man. Just when we thought that things were really starting to pick up this week. We're on fire
Uh-huh flamin
Some might say and then you start talking about that char and chick filet stuff
It's just with regards to the fudruckers. It was okay
But for my money the best burger you can get around here is char hut
Well, we won't argue with that since there were fine sponsors and since and like I told you I used to go there all the time
That one in temerak on the way home from the pill doctor
Definitely worth the price compared to the burger chain. See this business is about worth the price
I mean, how much are we really talking about here? Okay?
I'm not so it's as Papa John's is too doy
Sausage to wet and too much and too doy
Maybe talking about the price again
No, you see one thing about it like in Italy the Italian people love their food as you know
They're big in the food and so they will spend a
Inordinate amount of this proportion of amount of money on food because it's important to them. More important thing
I'm sorry. That's the wrong language. Well, whatever
You know what I'm saying what he saying? I'm saying that Americans just want cheap
They don't want quality they want cheap like the guy said little one to go to fast food expert
That's why fuckers went down the drain one of the reasons
They couldn't compete with a little little little squirrely burgers
And in fact, I'm surprised there aren't like crystals all over town if that's the case
You know, he fell off the whole uh truck for about three bucks. I'll take 700 of those crystal
You know bacon whatever those things are
1210 on the post like greens in the Detroit years ago greens and top hat
We used to have top hat hamburgers the same thing you drive through with a little greasy burgers a little tiny ones on the big puffy buns, you know
Mm-hmm
And the meat the meat let it's like mystery meat. You know it's a size of your thumb
I long for the days baby. I long for those days here. He goes again living in the past that old meal that ancient old troll
When you go into like a like looking at in a
How many times have we talked about it like that place on red road? What is it red and bird that um
Drugs to her hellons
Allons very good excellent job George Allen's drugs, baby
Where they have the old-fashioned fountain and you sit down
And you watch and make the burger the big thick juicy burger right there on the grill
And then they put the cheese on there and they put the little uh
The cover over the top and melt that cheese on there and you give me a nice fresh real burger made with real ground beef
Baby now do they have a soda jerk and they got a soda jerk jerk idiotic jerk then I'm sure they do and you watch and make like a real
Multid oh god
Something for real is opposed to pre-fabricated stuff that comes out of a gigantic box somewhere, you know
And so one thing I will say about the fast food joints and this is the truth
Whether it's in Amsterdam whether it's in Berlin whether it's in a roll-mount where they have all that great food and anybody
Weets in McDonald's ought to be shot in Rome, but anyway they do
No matter where you miss all the same. That's one thing that they do guarantee it's all consistent
But they send it in these gigantic cartons. I have no idea where they you know
Where they're killing the uh
Anemules or whatever, but it's all exactly the same if you got a cheeseburger at a fast food joint at burger King
Or McDonald's in Berlin and we'll taste exactly the same as when you get in next to the sawgrass
All right
Well
At least it's consistent like yeah
At least it's edible at least you know up to expect in Amistadam
Just because everybody's stone can't we have like a little real food in here, huh?
And of course, they're very special is pea soup is one of them oh
Peas and french fries with mayonnaise and that brown mystery sauce
Playoff what's all of that put the impecking
Alan tron's gonna be upset then you will really hear him
You
Move
The name of the game is the Bible
To
Invite them to your house
Make their possessions away
And then you burn it down
You can get somebody to believe in
If you make the Bible say it's true
No matter what you do you can be
Of the Lord will always forgive you pick up the poison it's made
All right
What
And you
Hey
Come on
Be to cry about as your kid
To be
Gonna
I
Will
Have to
Everybody wants to be boys and I'm gonna tell you right now Barack Obama will wipe the ground with Hillary's ass in the California primary
That's February 5 mark mark it down. I just got through tell you that
146 p.m. On the eyes of March Thursday March 15 you old thanks isn't a radio Barack Obama will clean up a big time in California
You know what I'm saying what he said you'll see all right
You're gonna kick her ass sideways to next Friday
Well, that's tomorrow ain't it
What what what is it that happened this week? I don't know
It's just not that I'm complaining you understand this week is just flowing on by that is Marlon game yesterday. Yeah
Well, we need to arrange a lot more of those
1219 votes on the pool. I guess I'll take one last peek at it. Okay, even though it's really very very bad
It's bad and so will it's called be Q. I. M. Hello
Q. I. M.
I told you I knew it would be good
12th they're wrestling with it 1224 votes. Oh, look at it. It's swillery. Thanks. Okay, so then
And there's John McCain. He you know, he's got two chances none and much less than on
1224 votes on the pool embarrassingly. I don't know and then you fill into blank
I know the answers to all of these 854 just under 70% liars. I hate this pool 131 10.7%
Lotta hate near can't you hear it? Lotta hate
The words to the star speggled banter 91
The answers to several of these I don't know 67 dummy
Where Iraq is on a map 31 31 people finally have admitted they couldn't find Iraq with both of their hands in half of yours
How do you like that probably couldn't find their ass either with all four hands
The answer to the several of these already said that answers to any of these 12
Ha ha ha ha ha ha right who are nation's capital is named for 10 isn't it Benjamin Harrison
The pleasure of allegiance nine who was president before w6
What size fought in the civil war for what your america declared its independence for how many states there are in a union three
And how many stars there are in the fact flag too. What is Arnold?
There's the epitome of what's wrong with america today. There is a shaman Arnold
Signing a measure to move up california's presidential prime california. Here's a guy who's governor of a state. He can't even pronounce it
Oh, well, let's let's change the law so Arnold can be the president right and keep in mind of course his father was one of them austrians
Got him a hornia made the nazis look like you know a sunday picnic
The austrians made the germans look like
They were like nazi deluxe that that yeah, that's right. They made the germans look like nazi light
The off-eat great. I'm a great pita. Yeah eat this
5.670 5.60 pound 5.60 and then even today the show is just flown on by I think we had like I don't know something
Sinti lady going on here. We got college hoops
Well, that must be a super duper r2's day is primaries. I thought that it's something new with the ballgame
I was on CNN and Bill Schneider's on there talking about super duper r2's day with the primaries
There's more and what you're doing is he knows
It's time better. Oh man
You can tell what I mean. That means nothing. There's 14 minutes to go
52 apiece david sin in Maryland 13th ranked devison fourth ranked Maryland any interest off by me. I'm shutting it right off
What a bunch of swill man. I'm actually they got that Calgary Colorado game style
No, that's a penguin. No, the rookie of the year race might have been over right there
That the most spectacular of the goals for getting Malcolm so far this season he has no one else at what what what what that
Hockey team and stuff. We know what that they don't that's like that would be like opening up a hollow vast land at the North Pole
I mean, what is the point? What is the point
227 on the pool what I said a Chris shoot for a little over 200 know what I said
Yep, I'm getting to be an expert prevert on this stuff. I got my thumb right in there. It's why we like it. I'm
Q.A.M. I knew
Yes, sir. How you doing great?
Um
Hey, guess what? Why?
I'm looking at a good good one. Dominic Q.A.M. Hello. Guess what? Hello, Neil. Yes
Yeah, this is all know that it's not feel like a twig if you continue to talk about me like that
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello
I want to go
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello
Neil, you have to know that yes sir good afternoon
Now that's what this is called the juicer's gonna have to find another place to go eat because that was
Favorite spot really oh, yeah, I see him in there four or five times him in his on to rise
Not not the one I'm talking about this must be in Kendall
So one in Kendall. Yeah, boy
But he was in there with his on to rush four or five times my friend loading up on the one pound first
Well, that's some pretty interesting stuff man not
With his on to rise man. He was in it with his on to ride. I don't care. We have no interest in OJ
They ought to take his ass away and do a Sodom on his ass
Don't the first hand you said otherwise rest of mr. Zance. Yeah, they're the Sodom is and that's right
You know, they never they do to your car. They is that they Simonizer they Sodomize and I think that's what they do
I cost extra, but they'll do both
231 votes on the poor some of you people that think you got such exciting lives man
Oh, I used to see OJ at floodwriters. Well great, you know
A very famous female philosopher once had a great line for that. Well, congratulations. Get a lie exactly
I have no last going Jennifer. How's she doing?
Haven't heard for good a long time Jennifer
Now give us the gods Jennifer. We love you. You're one of the radio people we really like
I had to think from Phil last minute a couple weeks ago and I could make heads who tails of it was I don't really have any idea what it really
He's a good guy. Yes, he is and loves me and loves you as man. Mm-hmm
And I love you Phil um, and then you remember I told you about that Paul guy with the victorious
There's a there's this other broad. He called himself Lot Tadiana
Lot Tadiana playing on my emotions about Italy and the whole thing with Italian food, etc
Lot Tadiana and she says oh, if I get 50 friends to sign up for this I get a free watch come on helping get a watch
Yeah, hey, Lot Tadiana watch this okay watch my finger on both hands go straight in the air and give it the old Italian salute
Here it is with a you know in the arm pit there in the pity arm
What do you what do you call that where what is that the crevice armpit? No, not armpit where you're
Your arm and your elbow. What do you call that thing? I
Don't the crook. I don't know the crook
You're talking about your bros going again. You pick it on the nice Italian people the Italian people are our wonderful people who never still are freight train
That's because Mussolini made the trains run on time and they were going too damn fast
231 votes on a very bad pool and let's oh they're a commercial break in the basketball game on a shame
Yeah, everybody get on the barc allown here and watch this garbage. Okay, why oh cuz it's on because it's on
Anybody really care about Davidson? I would know where you defined like like most of you with a rack
I couldn't find Davidson. I couldn't tell you what stayed it's in I never heard I heard a John Davidson
Yeah, both the bad singer that used to look pretty good years ago and also the hockey guy who talks like a toilet who's with the St. Louis Blues now
Which got him off the year. Thank God
My god motor mouth in fact JD never remember used to do a hockey show on the radio with JD
We used to carry it or talk about embarrassment
JD oh JD, you know
Man I legend is on time
What's that?
Check out your uncle
John David
I used to like him a lot man. He's so pretty good. He was real pretty and I can't believe he was
You could afford to look like then people laugh at you too much
He must be on a Hollywood's curses a lot John Davidson that's the same one
What that's the same John Davidson? Yeah, no, no, not the hockey guy. No, of course not. I know the hockey one
That's the one you just heard singing they used to be in the Hollywood squares. That's right wow
What wow, but yeah, but the way you said that sounded off. Hey. Oh my god. I think he's been working on a show too long
Uh, no, you're rubbing off on him. You're the way he said wow
That's something you're supposed to say to me baby. That's how they really fagged at this old fag
I'm telling that right now keep on now
Was that really christian said that there was there somebody took him really and he was dropping
Uh, it had to pull in dropping. He's got a good guy
You haven't your pollen used to chase his ass around the stage John Davidson
He was real pretty man. He's pretty guy. I liked him a lot. I used to play as a music on here
When I work in sorry so sorry in 1973 WSVB
I'm sorry to and a WJNO was prom 75 before I became a talk host with the most
There was my first talk radio job in 1975. It means I've been doing this crap 32 years
Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba ba like that and I was on six hours and I was on from six to midnight on JNO
Sixty seven was a sports talk hour believe it or not
Which is all the sports talk we had it was more than enough and I had no idea was I was talking about by the way
And what seven eight was the CBS mystery theater was giving our reprieve to get my brains unscathlete
And then eight to midnight was like regular topical talk, you know
Like talking about you know blueberry animals and stuff like that and Andre Baruchin B. Wayne swimming across
Lake worth over there in Palm Beach
So that station across the
Lake there that you couldn't hear it at night you could see the tower
But you couldn't hear it. It was like driving in to Detroit from the west
I'm right talking about Keener 13 at night time. They're single- but so do Russian and you could see their 85 towers
But you couldn't hear the station as soon as you drive by all the towers and wow
I just got real out of your radio. You know just about blow out your speakers
Those are the days baby when a radio was almost worth owning James Cameron presents
Jesus Christ in my
One son
Starring Jesus Christ Mary Magdalene
Judah and Pontius Pilate as Uncle Charlie
