You're pushing this pattern with a duplicate of those face-maving rules.
WQAM, B-P-P-R, Incorporate, X-Face.
The biggest names of their...
Sweetest face.
How about that Malcolm Cameron baby?
He is really doing it.
Oh.
How do you like the 10-10 era so far, boys and girls?
Oh my god.
Yeah.
5-6-K, WQAM, preset.
The Neil Rocker Show.
By the way, over the open with Monospa, Vega.
Oh, that's bad.
Radio, whole toll.
87775, Neil.
Or Final 560 on your AT&T.
And for Rise and Wireless Call.
All the opinions expressed by Neil.
Yes!
Oh, that's your...
Oh, the mic's open.
It's really with the mic's open.
That's the bad radio.
Very uncomfortable.
Yeah.
The Neil Roger Q with 305.
WQAM.
Hey!
The stench of Palminor covers over this performance by the Dolphin.
That's the loopy.
Oh, he's right.
That's the loopy.
Oh, he's doing...
Oh, this...
Oh, my god.
The world has changed forever.
Oh, my god.
We want to know if that's right.
Read your emails, Junior and Joyce and Jolly Joe.
Read your emails.
Normal Kent last night produced a...
He put together a 8-million-word email
for these bozos about playing the fart sounds.
And of course, about everything else they've done to the ball.
They show, well, guess what?
Are we going to roll over and play dead anymore for these idiots?
No.
Of course not.
They've done everything in their power to destroy whatever we had left.
And they're doing a fine job of that, too, by the way.
We're not going to roll over and play dead.
Just the way it is.
You know what I mean?
No.
I was trying my mouthful.
Don't be talking with your mouthful.
Don't be eating with your mouthful.
Right.
How else?
Don't be eating with your talking.
With bacon, especially.
That's bad.
Marcel Marcel had these closing words.
That was it.
Yeah.
Well, I didn't have anything to say.
Marcel Marcel who revived the art of mine and brought poetry to silence has died.
He was 84.
Marcel died Saturday in Paris, French media reported former assistant Emmanuel Vaca
announced the death on France info radio but gave no details about the cause.
Wearing white face paint, soft shoes and a battered hat top with red flower
are so notably through his fame, personage, bit.
Played the entire range of human emotions on stage for more than 50 years never uttering a word.
Now which one was the, was it the gummo or harpo?
Harpo.
Don't harp on it.
Offstage, however, he was famously chatty.
Never get a mind-talking.
He won't stop, he once said.
A French Jew.
Oi!
Marcel survived the Holocaust also worked with a French resistance to protect Jewish children.
His greatest inspiration was Charlie Chaplin.
Marcel, in turn, inspired countless young performers, Michael Jackson borrowed his famous moonwalk
from Marcel's sketch, walking against the wind.
Did you know that?
No.
The cockamoon walk.
Marcel performed tirelessly around the world until late in the life, never losing his agility,
never going out of style.
In one of his most poignant and philosophical acts, youth maturity, old age, and death, he
wordlessly showed the passing of an entire life in just minutes.
Do not, the most moving moments of our lives find us without words, he once said.
Prime Minister Francois Fillon.
I wonder if he's kinder or be Fillon and Sylvain Fillon and all those other, and Henri Fillon.
Praise Marcel as the master, saying here the rare gift of being able to communicate with each
and every one beyond the barriers of language.
But I mean, but I'm a bit of a bit about Marcel Mangal, was his real name.
I wonder if he knew Dr. Mangal, ooh, maybe.
Oh, I guess who's in trouble with the law?
Oh, no.
Dennis Rodman.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And trouble with the law again.
This is definitely smacking the ass of a female bar hopper.
TMZ has learned during the Orange County Sheriff's Department of Zestogate, an incident which
allegedly took place at Hennessy's Tavern in Dana Point near Laguna Beach.
One source says the Ex-Basketball star allegedly slapped the woman's rear so hard.
Back them.
It left a major mark.
Jim and Marmino, he's spokesman for the OC Sheriff told TMZ, officers did respond to an incident involving a man in a woman
police report was taken in currently with the sex crime unit of the Sheriff's Department.
Rodman's representative Darren Prince just issued this statement at TMZ.
This is just another woman trying to extort money out of Dennis, and I'm sure the situation will work itself out in Dennis' favor.
He's a real classy guy.
So how do you like the Cam Camonera so far, Chris?
It's wonderful.
It's been, I'm serious.
What do you think?
I mean, it made a really great comeback there at the end.
Trent Green drove him down the field twice, but it beat a bit of up to about 31 to 13.
Now all of a sudden, it's 31 to 28.
They tried the onside kick twice.
See, what I don't understand is the first time the onside kick, he didn't go 10 yards anyhow.
Even though the jet player illegally banded out a bounce, how come there was no other penalty for the, uh, it wasn't a legitimate kick, it didn't go out of bounds.
I don't have any.
They have to go 10 yards from to recover it.
Yeah.
It doesn't have to go 10 yards if the other team hits it.
Well, in some other words, these analysts that were on TV were giving us the wrong information.
How do you like that?
No, it wasn't because they said he batted the ball out of bounds.
For the, uh, what's your name kept saying it didn't go 10 yards?
What's the name?
Because they're getting recovered.
Dear the those 10 yards.
Well, it's a huge look.
What cares?
Games over.
They love it.
Oh and three.
Let me say it again.
Oh and three to the JETSSUCK.
And by the way, BILS, you see K, they don't have any team left now.
Nothing would make any difference, but all their whole team is injured now.
The bills.
So maybe when the dolphins play them twice, they might actually have a chance.
But, you know, maybe this is going to be another dolphin, perfect season boys and girls.
And we got the dolphin games here on QAM.
I'll ride with Jimmy Cifalus.
All right, here's the, uh, pull result from over the weekend.
Look at that.
We had 1585 votes on this.
Aren't you impressed?
No, not you.
Oh, you're not impressed by anything.
You're just a hardened little fan.
That's right.
I think the college cops who tasted the goofball guide University of Florida did the right thing.
264 did the right thing.
Oh my god.
Oh, rather, wow.
Is there any hope at all for the human, some human race now would make president Abu Garret
Dumbishment Proud 242.
Our cop ought to be so flunked to play.
See, let me just say this now, okay?
And you said you were going to fix me some more Charlie B.
Pools you never did, but it's probably just as well.
This man has, he has taken leave of his senses.
In other words, instead of just sending his polls, which in the past he sent us some that were pretty good
and some that really sucked, but at least they were just regular polls with choices.
Now, the choices are like these long, elaborate, silly ridiculous, and they're like 7,000
of them, you know?
Charlie, you've lost it, baby.
You really have to.
Whatever you did in Europe, man, don't do it again.
You know what I'm talking about, don't you?
Our cop ought to be so flunked to police exam 228.
Show the world yet again.
Democracy is dead in Florida, $195.
We're reaching to play caution rovers with the new toy tasers 183.
Our bunch of trigger-hacking goons.
That's goons, Bo Camper 163.
Should've used gun, a gun's 113.
Should've used goons.
We'll have more stars in get Stopped Up Round 103.
We're on a sugar rush from too many crispy creams 40.
Should have their own show of 34, and our two wax-in-the-head even for Wacken Hut 20.
See, every selection on there is Charlie B. trying to be a comedian.
Maybe he ought to get together with the fan-ass Jolly Joe, if you'd like, you know, compare notes.
Here's today's poll, and this is also a Charlie B, and it's also not very good.
Why did I use this?
Because you didn't have any other ideas?
No, I did, but it was there, and it wasn't as bad as a lot of other ones.
If you really didn't find a finger when you're a dead mouse and you're a Cheerios, what would you do?
567 votes. We're not going to make no thousand acres.
Yeah, we'll see.
And I put this on there. I don't know, yesterday afternoon, fairly early, but Charlie B is just...
Thank God we got some polls in from some other different shaw. This isn't the same shaw.
I don't know. This looks like the facts.
Well, at any rate, thank goodness we got that. Charlie needs a long rest.
567, if you find a finger in your chili or a dead mouse in your Cheerios, call a lawyer in Sioux, 340.
60% of this crowd, looking for an ambulance to ambulance-changing lawyer.
As for a refund, or another bowl, 85, you have given me another bowl that maybe my luck will be better this time.
Scoop it out and resume eating 36. Now we're talking. Just throw that right away.
Or mouse. Probably die from the shock 32. Finger-Schminger, so what I've eaten worse 20.
See, there's Charlie again being very, very amusing and very creative. Finger-Schminger.
Milk it for all the publicity I could in 19. Claim up, because who's going to believe me 19?
And interpret as an Omen or a sign from God 16.
Deal, God!
Wow. So that's the deal. I don't know. Our goal is 600.
Our goal is to stay on a year. That's what our goal is. I mean, after what these people are doing,
of course Friday the trends came out if you're out of town, or if you were like already in the year Jung Kipper mode.
It was Jung Kipper on this show. And Charlie Joseph's, oh, near you, you got it all wrong!
We did great. Bruce Beasley sent them up. Oh, great phase, everybody.
Great phase, all the stations, great phase. Yeah, as in when did that phase this show out?
Because it has nothing to do with ball games. And with the OM3 dolphins and all that other crap.
Jesus, God Almighty. But we're fighting back now. We're going to like, you know,
Norm can't find the, he grew a pair at least one. And he's fighting back. He wrote 80 trillion words on, you know,
Farts and all the sort of stuff. Nelson Mandela still very much alive despite an embarrassing gap by President George W. Bush.
What a shock. Who alluded to the former South African leaders' death and an attempt to explain sectarian violence in Iraq.
It's out there. All we can do is reassure people, especially South Africans that President Mandela is alive,
off my dango or chief executive officer of the Nelson Mandela Foundation said as Bush's comments received worldwide coverage.
As once again, he stuck both feet in his mouth and up his back dome ass.
In a speech defending his administrations of Iraq policy, Bush said former Iraqi president Saddam Hussein's brutality had made it impossible for a unifying leader to emerge and stop the sectarian violence that's in the Gulf of Middle Eastern nation.
I heard somebody say where's Mandela? Well, Mandela's dead because Saddam Hussein killed all of Mandela's Bush who has a reputation for verbal faux pas, said in the press conference of Washington Thursday.
Saddam Hussein killed all of Mandela's.
Huh?
Well, there you go. Don't be questioned in your president now.
Jail for 27 years for fighting white minority rule Mandela became South Africa's first black president, 94 one Nobel Peace Prize for preaching racial harmony and guided militia peacefully into the post-aparitite era.
References to his death are seen as insensitive in South Africa. He's 89 and increasingly frail but still very much alive in spite of your president, Dhamshmit, a moron if ever there was one.
I say let's send fat ass Jolly Joe. You know, I was thinking we got Joe Jr. in Joyce.
We don't have to call him Josh because then they'll confuse it with Josh. Of course we don't want to do that to him.
Junior Joyce and Joe. That's the tremor. That's the evil trio here at QM doing everything in their power to destroy this once a very well-esign new show and doing a great job of it, too, by the way.
Don't play that. I need you to stop doing this and I need you to stop doing that.
Oh, look at these polls you just sent me. Oh, my God, from Charlie, I'm losing it, but B.
Wow, that is sad. Let me put those way down in my power. I'm starting to start making up my own polls.
And by the way, you know, footies poll about should people be able to buy AK-47s, you know, like in the dime store, like that in the seven lov.
You got freaked by the 40 right wing NRA people, I guess, because it was like 87% said, oh yeah, sure no problem at all.
Yeah, nice pull there, footy, you idiot. God, what a.
But that's okay. Who are we to talk at this stage of our lives?
12 minutes after 10 at 5, 60 WQM, we got the mad dog at 2 power hour with mad dog in the Humper 4 to 5, Humper Goldberg solo between 5 and 7.
Then we got the infomercial for the dolphins. A dolphin doll asses between 7 and 9.
Followed by a game night with Eddie K. 9 and midnight. No Marlin game tonight.
Boy, they sure did a hell of a job against the mess, didn't they Chris? Oh, they kicked butt. They're on.
Exactly.
And I think they're almost got the last place in the division locked up, don't they, or maybe they do.
Yeah, they probably do.
Your question is, I've got a little bit of information.
Yeah, no, no.
You've got information at WQM and the Colgate Inc.
This is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station.
We're so sorry.
They miss Rodman.
We don't stop and pull the titties, it feels and green.
Oh, they miss so sorry.
They miss Rodman.
But the panties come with selfies to secure your little thing.
Don't feel Jackson notified me. He said you're very 50, but you're dressing cool with the teeth.
He asked if you were fine, wearing something under his feet. But your way to call.
Wait until Tom. Every time he jumps, you can see his basketball.
Hey, you look retarded. Retarded.
Who are you?
Say it in photogon.
Hey, you look retarded.
Retarded.
Retarded.
Who told us?
Let us not be my sister, throw the round.
Who is my sister, throw the round?
Who can you want to hold it down?
Let us not be my sister, throw the round.
Let us not be my sister, throw the round.
Who can you want to hold it down?
I'm gonna blow the round.
Who can you want to hold it down?
Who can you want to hold it down?
Hey, you look retarded.
Retarded.
Who told us?
Hey, you look retarded.
Retarded.
Who said it in photogon.
Who told us?
Can I see it at 5.60 WQM Happy Monday to you.
This is the Monday September 24th.
The day the gas came back on the show.
It has come back and then it disappears.
This is what we're up against.
Something has so yet innocuous as a little gas for a million.
You know the price of gas nowadays.
I drove my car over the weekend.
Did I mention that?
I picked up my new car.
I don't think you mentioned it on the air.
I didn't.
The rear window is like the size of a postage.
You can see it.
You better have those side mirrors adjusted just perfect.
Of course, if you think that well you know just check the blind spot.
There are so many blind spots.
I'm not complaining though it's a nice looking car.
It's four cylinders so it's got the balls of a mouse that's in the chile.
It's okay if you drive in the van and drive in the van.
It's like, oh gee, can I get somebody to pedal this thing?
I pulled it up with gas and I have no idea how much I paid because it's by the leader.
The good thing is it uses regular gas.
When's the last time anybody drove a car that used regular gas?
Oh, they don't say regular gas.
What do you mean by that?
Regular one loaded.
Right.
Does that mean it's less than regular gas?
No, no, not less than regular gas.
Despite the effort over a questioner,
I see him.
Well, I'm not reading this right.
It's just worded very badly.
Despite the effort over a questioner being shocked by this, it's illiterate.
It's not written by a roster.
It does this a lot.
Okay, get your act together over there roster.
You're a great website and you got some really neat stuff on there, but Jesus, God.
After a questioner was shocked following a forum centered John Kerry held in the floor of the Taze guy.
Not everyone is unhappy with the Tazeer.
At the National Rifle Association, Celebration of American Value is conference on Friday.
That's the American value they like the most.
When it doubt, shoot it out.
As Senator John Thune, Republican of South Dakota, a crazy person delivered his opening remarks.
A protest just stood up and began yelling.
The audience responded as she bellowed a source who was present to the newspaper,
Roll Call, all these old dudes started shouting, Taze her!
Taze her!
A last security personnel just quietly walked the offender out the door,
sands the 50,000 volts of electricity and is in our members' mind appreciate,
more stopping power than a 357 Magnum that Tazeer claims to survive,
approaching road maybe next time.
More stopping power than a 357 Magnum baby!
Alright, Taze her! Taze her!
A bunch of old goats.
That's the new deal now.
Since he didn't even know people had picked it on him,
he started a whole, he was great.
Andy, whatever his name is from Western.
Andy in Western, as opposed to, of course, that Jackass Andy in Hollywood
and his boyfriend in Port Saint-Lusley.
Who each facts at least once a day now?
Do they really?
Oh yeah.
And what they should know is that those facts is never make it here.
No, and I don't read them. I just recognize the handwriting.
They're writing the garbage without reading in the world.
And the word of the word of the word.
What they're desperately trying to tell the world is,
I have no idea.
But we already knew that a long time ago.
How very sad.
605 volts on a very marginal pool.
I don't know. I feel bad about this one today.
I have a really bad vibe.
And we apologize for it, but Charlie B has lost it.
It's not easy.
As you know,
not easy coming up with a really nifty pool idea every day.
I think it's going to be an interesting week, though,
because after those trends came out on Friday
and we realized that these people are doing the job
on us that they're trying desperately to do.
Junior and Joyce and Joe,
we're going to like say, you know,
well, after 31 years, I'm going to roll over and play dead
for these bastards. No way.
No freaking way.
And of course, Norma finally booked up last night.
Way past the time this should have happened a long time ago.
But now better late than never, Norma.
A magnificent piece on Farts.
Who wants to written 75 million words about gas?
People think it's funny that we have to have very
serious conversations about Farts.
We have a Farts as part of my job.
It's part of our job.
Right. The FCC doesn't care about Farts.
And the FCC also doesn't care about like, you know,
English flag and things like that.
But oh my god, we got Joyce over there in Naples
whose main job it is is to continue concocting things.
Oh, Neil can't say this and don't do that.
And oh, we're going to give you a big, uh,
appreciate it.
Probably my enemy would want you to fail.
Yeah, that's right.
We'll screw them.
If we do fail, we'll do it on our own.
Not not with the help. In our way.
That's right. We failed our way. That's correct.
US Vice President Dick Cheney is considered provoking
an exchange of military strikes between Iran and Israel
in order to give the US a pretext to attack Iran.
Newsweek magazine reports today.
But the newspaper says the magazine, whatever the hell it is,
says the steady departure of Neocons
from the administration over the past two years has helped tilt the balance away from the war.
One official who pushed an especially hawkish line on Iran was David Wormser
or should that be Mumser
for it served since 2003 at Cheney's Middle East advisor.
A spokeswoman at Cheney's office confirmed in his week that
Wormser, Wormser, left his position last month to spend more time with his family.
A few months before we quit, Wormser told a small group of people at Cheney had been mulling the idea
of pushing for a limited Israeli missile strikes against the Iranian nuclear state in the
side of the Tans and perhaps other sites in order to provoke Tehran into lashing out
Oh, brother. The Iranian reaction would then give Washington a pretext to launch strikes
against military and nuclear targets in Iran. Newsweek said.
When Newsweek attempted to reach Wormser for comment, his wife
Mayarov declined to put him on the phone and said the allegations were untrue.
A spokeswoman at Cheney's office told the weekly, the last president
supports the president's policy on Iran.
What are these things you're fixing me here? Oh, look at that!
Long time sportscaster and former doff and Jimmy Sifilis has contracted
Channel 10 expert on Friday. Now he's a free agent and may switch broadcasting
teams. He may be playing for the other side.
Oh, I think he may have been doing that a long time ago. Sifilis 50 Audition Saturday for Channel
4 for a News Anchor job. There is an opening Rob Hanrahan, SISPM
Co-anchor leaves next month. I'm honored they were considering for this
job, Sifilis. And this not ready to give up TV. I'm not ready to stop doing what I love.
Even as Sifilis gets an offer, he'll be sideline for a while. His WPLG
contract included a six month non-compete. Sifilis who graduated from Penn State
with the bachelor's and journalism joined the dolphins in 78. While on the
TMI co-hosted Channel 4's PM Magazine, he retired from Pro Ball in April
85 shortly after becoming co-host of AM South Florida. And awful
Channel 4 morning show. I was a guest on that one time and boy was bad. He left
RNBC News and did sports for NBC News and sunrise and did today show and sports
analization for the network. Later he hosted the game show Trump Card, then a WDQM
Sports Talk show. Do you have any idea what that is Chris? Trump Card?
No. Never heard of it. He joined Channel 10 and 93 as sports director anchor. He also is the voice of the dolphins.
Oh boy. He is co-owner of Sifilis Weinseller in the Grovels in Miami Beach. He and his wife Jan is 53.
And three daughters, me attend and twins Katie and Eva five. But a beep bit a
bit a bit above. Governor Charlie Christ attended his first
ever young kipper service Friday. Me attend the best show them. A reform
congregation in Miami Beach. Wow. I wonder if he had a tone for his sins.
Yay. And all that stuff. You think? Probably unlikely.
Dearly Christ. So Jimmy Sifilis is now maybe going to be over Channel 4. How do you like that?
That'd be something. And of course we got the little
dog is on Channel 6, right? Correct. NBC 6. Well, what is that? You're yawning about that?
No. No. It's a pretty exciting heavy duty stuff. You don't think so?
Yeah. Sure beats talking about Malcolm, what's his name? Cameron.
And your fish. Your O and three fish. I'm thinking perfect season is a possibility.
The biggest name is the best talent. He is near Rogers.
4.25.60 QAM. The fourth leader.
The biggest name. The best talent. It's the big O or Lando Alzagari.
Sports radio. 5.60 QAM. The sports leader. He'll ride your time.
It's called making up for last time I guess.
Good. Good.
Good. Good.
Good. Good.
Good. Good. Good.
Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good.
Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good.
Gentleman. Gentleman. Gentleman. Gentleman. Gentleman.
10.33, 2017.Before the Abend. I can just see the big bill board campaign now.
You arrived your show, 10-2 on 560 WQM, it's a gas.
Oh right.
Can you see it?
It's a gas gas.
I'll bring your pardon.
It's a gas gas gas gas gas.
That's right.
Jump a jet flash.
That's the one.
628 volts and Charlie B's very lane pool.
I think he's fired.
You know what?
I mean, not that he's getting paid or anything,
although Alex Marvez was getting paid.
And Ethan Skolnik, I'm sure, may have been getting paid.
And who else?
Who might leave him out?
And of course, well, what's his name?
Drew Rosenstein, Cranes.
I'm positive they're paying him.
And he's doing live spots to top it all off.
Anybody out there, you've had a live spot?
We'll put you on the air.
We'll give you a spot.
Maria?
Danny Boy.
You know something?
I never realized how bad he is on the air until I...
The only reason I watched a little bit,
because I never watched those pre-game shows
and the half time in the post-game shows,
because it's just a bunch of silly people
including the Unctions Jimmy Johnson,
sitting around slapping each other on the ass
and yucking up...
Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!
Yeah, just a bunch of crap.
But when I saw Shannon Sharp was still on there,
I thought they got rid of him.
Nah, he's still there.
He can't speak!
Even a little bit.
I beg your pardon?
Watch it, that's not them.
He cannot speak.
In fact, that's the surprise we don't hear him on QIA.
But anyway, when I saw him still being on there,
it was in such disbelief I left it on.
And then there was Danny Boyah,
who just has a hard time.
He also Larry, Larry, this one, Larry, whatever he was saying.
I don't know.
He's almost got the joe named with Quaggle.
And we just, Danny, you're a good guy,
but you can't speak.
But that's all right.
Just take the money.
Like we were doing here.
Just take the money.
Although we're not just going to take the money anymore,
we're going to fight back in Rebellh,
starting today.
You know what I mean?
Oh, right.
This is Rebellion Day, September 24th.
Mark it down.
And like you said,
you put your thumb right inside of it.
I did.
The idea that we have to have conversations
about whether or not we can play fart sounds on the room.
This is so juvenile and so Mickey Mouse.
People think I'm making it up.
Like when I would have these conversations with Vokobrine
about sounds that may or may not be in a certain bit.
And I'm having these really serious conversations on the phone
and I hang up in whoever's in the room with me.
It's like that was a joke, right?
That wasn't, you didn't just really have a serious long conversation
about a fart sound or what may or may not sound like a fart sound.
And I said, yeah, this is part of my job.
This is what I have to do.
That's what these people know about radio.
At any rate, OJ Simpson's violin,
Jellis Street didn't die with his ex-wife Nicole Brown,
according to a New York Post story published in yesterday's edition.
But they would have an OJ story.
I feel like we're failing the audience, don't you?
No.
Six weeks ago, OJ Simpson confronted and threatened to kill a Miami man.
Heard as a handyman for allegedly sleeping with his girlfriend,
TMZ.com reports yesterday.
It gives us a very handy man.
The entertainment site said on July 29th,
too much before Simpson's latest running with a law in Vegas.
He showed at the West Aid home of Hanoz Gonzalez.
J-E-N-O-S.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm right.
Sure.
Hanoz Gonzalez.
What?
Why do you say, sure, like, I know that?
That was right to me.
I never heard that name before.
Who Simpson had hired to work at his Kendall Homa,
quoted Gonzalez 42 and his wife Marlene 32, called the police.
The report was filed as a verbal altercation to Gonzalez
as told the newspaper.
Attempts to be semi-esthetic by the hero to run successful.
They said that Simpson and his girlfriend,
Christie Prody, came to their home in Alexis and Anne,
late in the evening, the entertainment site reported,
quoting a New York Post story.
Simpson shouted at her,
I need to effing talk with you, Marlene Gonzalez said.
He told her that her husband had sex with Prody earlier that day.
I told him he had to solve that problem with his girlfriend,
she said.
Hanoz Gonzalez had been inside Emergent Hold, Simpson to leave.
Simpson and Threaten here, come over here and buy the effing kill you,
Marlene Gonzalez said.
Simpson then placed his hand behind him as if drawing your gun.
I don't know if he really had one, she said.
And they're like that.
You go, Hanoz, come back, always just come back.
That's what they say in the big city.
What was it you say?
You heard what I said.
What's the slime ball?
I say.
Always just come back.
That's OJ, low life.
And new people out there still defending him.
It's just amazing to me.
It's part of that jock mentality.
If they ever wore a jock stamp,
if they ever had any notoriety,
and some kind of an athlete,
even if they couldn't speak.
Like, oh, gee, you're picking on Michael,
Vic, you're picking on OJ,
you're picking on the Demetrius Underwood,
you pick this idiot's.
How do you like the Ken Kaminer
so far, all you Dolphins out there?
Pages, boy, boy, boy, boy, they just kicked ass.
That Wes Welker is a Hello Player.
Thank you very much Dolphins.
For that, the Dolphin Organization.
644 votes on the pool.
I think we can make a good solid 900 today, Chris.
Okay, we'll do that with the very,
and I'm not going to read the results very often.
Thank God, probably a good idea,
but I mean to do it, it's so convoluted, you know?
Put in 75 different choices
and make them all like a thousand words.
And that seems to be the new Charlie B technique.
And you want to know why?
Because he was embarrassed over the fact that I outed him
for running out of material with all those, you know,
what's your favorite song by the circle?
What's your favorite song by all these other marginal groups
that nobody ever heard of?
And you know what the whole thing really is
after the good work he did, it's a crime shame.
Oh, it is.
Oh, it's a crime.
That is so good.
They were great.
Good group.
But, you know, here today, God, tomorrow,
that's Columbia Records for you.
They were here today and disappeared crime chains.
I'm one of the rare folks still alive
who remembers the crime chains, and it is a crime shame.
Crime shame that we work for these bastions.
I'll tell you that.
Oh, you're wrong, Neal.
You're wrong.
We really know our crap.
Look at that great trend we just had.
We had like a five share in men 25, 54 in the morning
and about a five share in the afternoon.
And you were sitting there with him.
We had read Scrop, that's true.
And of course they'll blame you for it
because it's obvious you were honest about time.
But they blame me when I'm number one by a mile.
They still say crap.
And you know what I'm talking about, it is that during that period of time
and you weren't much of that period of time,
you're taking calls.
And of course his Joe Bells, oh I like it so much better
when Neal takes the calls, him interacting.
And of course there are no calls as the same three or four idiots
who you know, hijacked the show.
And that's another one of Jolly Joes.
Not just the Kimmy and Volmourn show that he invented,
but his whole obsession with taking phone calls.
What you all hear today on this show,
okay, you want to hear phone calls, listen to it to all the people.
Waaah, man, the dolphins suck, waaah.
Like that, you know.
Right, won't that be it?
Well they made a great comeback there yesterday.
They made it exciting in the last couple of minutes.
And I thought to myself, J-E-T-S-S-U-C-K,
well they took them near blue and 18 point lead.
Didn't they Chris, they were trying?
Yes.
And then of course that touchy-feely guy.
And he did a good job with those onsite kicks.
I'll give him credit for that.
They were excellent, you know,
even though the first one didn't go 10 yards,
they couldn't recover it.
And the Jets and their own ineffitude
was bat the ball out of bounds if they, you know, first say.
If they just would let the, well they weren't, you know,
in the heat of battle,
you don't check to see the ball really go 10 yards or stuff like that, right?
Well I think you're supposed to stand on the yard line
and you don't move forward so you know.
But is that what it is?
I'll let you screw it up in the mid-air very exciting.
Trent Green, by the way,
he looked good to me again.
For an old guy, I'm going to tell you 10, 15 years ago,
I'd have been right in the locker room, rubbing him down.
He was just one pretty guy.
He's even still pretty, but he's going to be pretty dissolution too
after another three or four losses.
He's going to say,
with all the time I come here for it, play out the string.
But I guess maybe the money might be good.
I guess maybe here's all the money.
You don't have to rub your drugs there, you're a money fighter.
The QAM, the sports leader.
The biggest names, the best talent.
It's the Big Dog and Jacks,
Joe Rose, and Jason Jackson,
Morning, 7 o'clock,
4th, you'll 5'60, QAM,
the sports leader.
Yeah, nah.
I think we did a good sports show here.
My dirty underwear, my ski mask, my break fear, and my clothes.
You can strip my walls,
and you can take my balls, and the hanker chip I used to blow my nose.
Oh my god.
You can take my knife, my career knife, my toothbrush, and my can of Apple G.
You can take my pants, and that lamp I bought in France,
and that nico-picture vacie, and you'll be.
But don't take my heart, my any woho-art,
keep your back hands off my hands and choke me too.
Because if you take my heart, my any woho-art,
I might use someone new, my not woho-man to do.
You know what I mean, baby?
Don't take my heart, my any woho-art,
because that stuff I like, and I can't let it pass.
Because if you touch my heart, my any woho-art,
I might keep my Bruno's right up by the way.
Let them.
I never realized OG and the Big Boppa were the same person.
Did they send the watch to Big Bopper there?
Very much.
Only the Big Bopper's dead, what's OG waiting for?
What could we have a party or watch?
We would.
1047 at 560, over to QA, and Happy Monday to you.
It was just another morning at the Senior City and Center at Mahopak, New York.
Women were sewing, men were playing pool, and seven demonstrators,
average age 76, were picketing outside demanding donuts.
They wore sandwich boards pro-fimming,
give us our just desserts and their carbs not contraband.
An issue is the decision to refuse free donuts,
pies and bread that were being donated to senior citizens
around Putnam County, North and New York City.
Officials were concerned that the county was setting a bad nutritional precedent
by providing mounds of donuts and other sweets to seniors.
What things does it make?
They're going to croak pretty soon anyway.
Let them enjoy it.
That's right.
The picketers said they were objecting natural lack of sweets,
but that they weren't consulted about the ban.
Lacka respect is what it's all about.
It's a Joe Hedge Kowski 75 former labor union official
who organized an demonstration.
He said officials that implied that seniors were gorging themselves
on jelly donuts, and were too senile to make choices for themselves.
Inside, some seniors said they missed the donuts,
but others said they were glad to see them go.
It was disgusting the way the people went after them,
said 80-year-old Rita Jorgensen.
I think the senior senator did them a favor by taking it away.
Stan Settle coordinator of nutritional services
for the county's office for the aging said the program had gotten out of control
as many as 16 cases of bread cakes and pastries
were delivered by various means of the William Coler Memorial Senior Center each day.
The senior senator,
some were moldy, some had been stirred overnight
in trunks of volunteers, carcars, he said, in the trunk.
Caregivers therein else were say the donut
to be illustrates the difficulty of balancing nutrition and choice
when providing meals to the elderly, old farts.
Or don't say farts again now.
Back home.
Senior citizens can walk down the store and buy donuts.
Nobody stopped me, said Michael Jacobs,
and executive director of the Center for Science in the Public Interest in Washington.
But he notes that older people have high rates of heart disease
and high blood pressure, and says senior citizens nursing homes and assisted living centers
shouldn't be worsening the health problems of seniors.
At the northeast Bronx Senior Citizen Center, lunches served five times a week,
suggested contribution of buck and a half.
Sounds like a bargain to me working to get a good lunch for a buck and a half.
We don't tell them what to do.
We won't force them to eat what's good for them,
but we certainly don't give them anything that's bad for them since Soviet director Sylvia Ponds.
The church basement senior center, one of 125 out of the New York City Department for the aging,
is mostly attacked in American clientele in Naples, born and cooked,
and many of them includes eggplant parmesan and linguine with clams and manacotti.
We try to give them what they like, said the cook Stella Bruno.
The lunches have to supply third to the federal minimum daily requirements
and categories such as calories, protein, vitamin C, vitamin A,
sub-chrismolaration, folksmen for the department.
The sweetest thing here is the raisin and the raisin bagel said Nicholas Volphe,
Volphe Petelo, say 87.
The raisin and the raisin bagel, that sounds pretty good a raisin bagel, huh?
Yeah?
No? What up?
Mourin Janowski, director of nutrition resources for Morrison senior dining in Lina,
which provides meals at more than 370 senior living communities,
says residents' food preferences depend somewhat on their age.
Those born between 1901 and 25 generally prefer meat and potatoes.
Those born between 1925 and 42 are a little more trendy,
a little more adventurous, a lot more nutrition savvy, she said.
They have choices and we show them how to make good choices, she be saying.
At the Bronx Center, Bruno said she tries to help the seniors avoid the bad buffet choices
when they take the trip to Atlantic City,
as the group was departing she handed them bagel lunches with the roast beef sandwich,
cranberry juice and carrot sticks.
All right.
A roast beef sandwich with a killer bread, cranberry juice, pure sugar, and carrot sticks for a rabbit.
How do you like that?
I guess they're probably trying to kill them off and take away their pleasure too at the same time.
When you get to be 100 years old and you can't have a jolly donut,
what's the point of going on?
Or heroin.
66, by the way, on our survey and our poll today,
it's not a good poll but that's not important.
Oh, 667, then.
Inside Fort Lauderdale City Hall, a contingent of gay white men squared off against black ministers
this month says the hero of arguing over civil rights.
Outrage over the ministers decision to announce their supporter mayor Jim Novels
crusade against homos on September 4th about 20 gay activists wearing red shirts
and AIDS pins can then be cleared to you men the next day for not being sympathetic to their cause
when they say mirrors the African-American struggle the ministers don't agree,
because they're far-bicin.
You didn't have to drink from separate fountains, our struggle was not the same.
You can't equate race and sexuality, only old doger,
passed in the worldwide Christian Center to one activist, slavery was not a choice.
Yours is a message of hate minister, you don't speak on behalf of freedom answered
Michael Ragenerly campaign to win AIDS and non-profit group.
Now that it made over gay rights threatens to drive away between members of South Florida's black community,
despite the support that many ministers showed for Novel,
the local NAACP took a public stand against the mayor calling his crusade a hate campaign,
which of course it was.
And of course, remember on the morning show Kenny Walker saying,
oh Jim Novel loves gay people.
Remember that?
Yeah.
She said the branches position adopted after a while,
I'm not here to condone or condemn gay sex, Marcia Ellison, head of the Broward,
N.W.A.C.P. told the Herald,
it's a hate campaign against gay's launch by the mayor.
She said the branches position adopted after a unanimous vote of its 20th Member Executive Committee,
as well as branch members, echoes the national N.W.A.C.P's position.
Any time any group is discriminated against it becomes a civil rights issue, she said.
In the election, C.P. Chairman Julian Bond made national headlines
with his recent endorsement of gay marriage,
a step-serve of prominent black ministers' public he criticized.
While Bond has noted that no parallel between movements for rights is exact,
his position differs with the ministers and others who suggest that sexual orientation is a matter of choice.
He wrote last year like race, our sexuality isn't a preference,
it's inborn, and the constitution protects us all against discrimination based on immutable differences,
and it goes on and on about the Jim Nogra list in Jim Nogra Lack,
and he hates gays and hates blacks, but it'd be pitiful to put about.
Not that Jim Nogra was a bigot of anything like that,
but there are a whole lot of people that got some issues that I wonder about.
Right.
Wouldn't surprise me if he's a real toe-tap or two.
I don't know, I'm just thinking out loud,
and there's nothing wrong with thinking out loud.
That's what I'm thinking.
670-3 votes on the full,
a crystal-be-real happy would get to 800.
Don't you?
Oh, definitely.
Crystal-be-real happy would get to 675, to be honest with you.
All Chris cares about is getting a little bit of a paycheck,
which you should already have had, right?
Yes, I did.
I wonder if my checks showing up today or not.
It's better.
It sure is how better to be there today or tomorrow,
I'll tell you that, because this did with people's paychecks,
not a good thing, not a good policy, you know.
Although, Jolly Joe, that's the one thing he has done.
Most of my checks show up like a day or two early,
and that grade and that nice and the wedding.
I mean, he's still a jerk.
And has no clue about what this is all about.
But I'll need all of you know, I got to...
I remember the first conversation with him,
I think, was about Fartsounds.
I do believe that.
And of course, he agreed with me, you know.
Oh, my God, even kids shows have Fartsounds.
And so I started playing him in a right way.
Oh, well, I think you know, a little premature.
Yeah, premature.
Because I thought that he wasn't just a straw boss
that he might actually have to...
Since he's supposed to be the general mangrove,
he might have had something to say about it.
But come to find out, he didn't Joyce calls all the shots.
You know, that bitch Joyce?
What are her Naples?
The worst thing we could do is rejoice.
When you agree?
Indeed, let's start.
In other words, get her ass out of there.
Rejoice over there.
Or get her way.
Good again, I say rejoice.
675 votes on Charlie B's most protest pool.
If you really didn't find a finger in your chili
or a dead mouse in your Cheerios, what would you do?
First of all, I don't eat chili or Cheerios.
So it's kind of a mook point for me.
Rector, how are those should take the pool?
Call a lawyer in Sioux 409 or 51%.
Call a lawyer in Sioux or just call a lawyer and call them Sioux.
Ask for a refund or another bull 101.
If the lawyer is normal, can't buy the way he can call him Sioux.
It would be the first time.
Scoop it out and resume eating 41.
Probably die from the shock 33.
Fingershtminger, so what I've eaten worse, 26.
Milk it for all the publicity I could 23.
Claim up, because who's going to believe me 20?
And interpret as an ominous sign from God, 20.
Deal, God!
That is such a horse ball pool, Charlie.
I'm just, I'm embarrassed.
And you're right, why did I do it?
Well, you know, I was busy with my football games.
If you would have taken charge of it on a Sunday.
I don't know how to do it, but I was worried about it.
You know, Patriots actually fell behind 7-3
and then they scored 100 points in a row.
And then, of course, the dolphins, they made it pretty interesting
in their last couple of minutes.
And some people were actually stuck around and watched it.
You think so?
What do you think, Chris?
You think that all those loyal dolphins
were watching there at the bitter end?
Oh, yeah.
And they made that gigantic comeback and Dan knew yanked it out.
And that downtown Ronnie Brown, man, he had a hell of a game.
And Trent Green, you know,
the old passing machine, Trent Green.
Who looked lean and mean, but old, he's old.
You can see it in his face.
You know, he's 37 going on 60, you know what I mean by that?
Probably, of course, this dolphin thing will age in 20, 30 years in old time at all.
If it continues, the Cam, Cameron era.
All of the time, I've said it, it was no politics.
Five big launchers, I am the sports leader.
The biggest names, the best talent.
And you're home for Miami Dolphins football.
Sports radio, 560 WQAM.
Miami, cord and ladder, Dale.
Oh, god.
My anus, my anus, my anus, my anus.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
My anus, my anus.
My anus, my anus.
Hi kids, do y'all like cutting little stinkers?
That's funny little sound that comes right out, he's finkin'.
Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do?
Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo.
My brains are gone.
I'm tryin' to get my groove on.
But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm gonna fart on.
And Dr. Dre asked, yo, man, you passed good.
Yeah, I'm not.
What do I smell ass?
Man, you look way.
Well, since age 12, it seemed like I always smell.
I thought ripping gasses in two-ton was pretty swell.
I got pissed off when I took my jeans off.
And fought it so hard after my underwear backwards, like criss-cross.
And every night I'm like, oh, dinner's last.
Then fought out my ass, fastin' the fat, made you a-too fast.
Smell this runny, tell the people, wait a minute, my girl, cuddler.
I don't give a fuck, god sent me to stink the world up.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
My anus, my anus, my anus.
My anus, teachin' to wanna me kick down back in junior high.
Said the problem was, somethin' pulled up my ass and died.
I shot him in the face with my vapor.
The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper.
Walked in the strish, my intestines were filled up.
Moons of bartenders took a dump in a tin cup.
Went over to a dancer, had a fuckin' agonist.
She lifted a leg up, and I knew she was a fodder.
99% of my life I was lied to.
I just found out my mom's got all gas, and I do.
I told her I grow up to be a famous rapper.
Make a bracket about strange noises, made on the crap one.
You know you will dirt when the women rush to leave.
You try to hold it back, but you butt need it reliever.
The sky of white castle, said it was pretty cool.
But I had to go, go drop the kids off, and move.
My anus, my anus, my anus, smells shit.
My anus, my anus, my anus, smells shit.
My anus, my anus, my anus, smells shit.
That was a bit of a mystery.
I don't think I ever let that go all the way to the bitter end there.
I think it used to.
That can be a good old days.
I don't remember that long ago.
We can actually play stuff and say stuff.
That's what we're going to start doing again.
We're doing the Neorodger show today.
It's just the way it is.
Sweet.
That's right, we're doing the Neorodger show.
That's what I told by a Norma Kent last night.
Do a show, do what the way you want.
Do what the FCC guidelines.
Don't let a bunch of crazy people screw up your life.
I think that's a good way to look at it.
Large protestor plan is a Iranian president,
Makhmoud Ahmed Inajad, for prayers for two answering questions sessions with Americans today.
Ahmed Inajad will take questions in the lunchtime video conference with the National Press Club
and an afternoon event with about 600 students and faculty at Columbia University.
Despite an outcry against Ahmed Inajad that included New York tabloid headlines such as
the evil has landed, John Coatsworth acting Dean of Columbia's School of International and Public Affairs,
said it's important for Americans to hear from the Iranian leader.
Ahmed Inajad, I just did the story so we could say that over and over again.
Whistle the tune for about 60 seconds, okay?
Ahmed Inajad.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
Here's the news.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
And he's kind of like Mel Gibson with the fake and scripted beard.
And he wears a brown jacket that looks like he bought it at Banana Ray Public of the Discount Rack.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
I'm Ahmed Inajad.
Back at.
Where'd he go?
Maybe I got a college.
Maybe.
You think there was a fit?
Lash? Right in the middle of that song?
Or maybe he's getting a call from someone higher up.
He's complaining.
Oh, absolutely not.
What do you get all whipped up of us?
You know, he's just whipped up, speculating over here.
Iran is going to hold a key to peace in the Middle East.
We have to deal with it and negotiate with leaders like this.
However much we may disagree with our views.
Coatsworth said on CNN's American morning.
As a world leader, Ahmed Inajad is a platform wherever he wishes to have one.
What he doesn't have is a classroom, an opportunity to present his views,
but defend them in the face of challenges and tough questions.
Coatsworth said.
Christine Quinn, Speaker of the New York City Council,
said Columbia should not be giving Ahmed Inajad a platform.
All he'll do on that stage is few more hatred and more venom out there
to the world. Quinn said.
The Iranian leader has made statements suggesting that Israel will be politically wiped off the map,
though he insists that this can be accomplished without violence.
His question, the existence of the Holocaust and more Europeans that may pay a heavy price for their support of Israel,
Ahmed Inajad has also grown firefresants that are handled to fire international demands
that at all production of enriched uranium.
Iran insists producing nuclear fuel for civilian power plants,
but Washington accuses Tehran of front-of-create nuclear weapons program.
Ahmed Inajad, Ahmed Inajad, I just said it twice more.
There you go. Okay, you like it?
The money in the jar.
You know what I do.
Well, that's the only reason I did it.
I don't know.
So I could say that.
The Bush administration has been collecting detailed records.
Wait till you hear this on travel habits of Americans who had overseas,
whether you fly, bribery, or take cruises abroad.
Not simply your method of transit, but the personal items you carry with you
and the people you stay with, according documents and statements obtained by the Washington Post.
Did you hear that? Should I read that sentence paragraph again?
Please, I'm not adjusting it.
The Bush administration has been collecting detailed records on the travel habits of Americans who had overseas,
whether you fly, drive, or take cruises abroad.
Not simply your method of transit, but the personal items you carry with you and the people you stay with.
They even keep sometimes a tracker of what books you read for as long as 15 years.
In a terrifying front page article Saturday, they post outlines latest in U.S. government surveillance.
According to officials, the records are intended to assess the security threat posed by all travelers in the country.
Officials say the records which are analyzed by the State Department's automated targeting system
help border officials distinguish potential terrorists from innocent people entering the country.
The new details suggest a much broader net than that.
The details of the program were revealed when a group of activists requested copies of records on their travel
and found somebody had written a note about their flash, like hearing the symbol of a marijuana leaf.
Oh no!
The automated targeting systems have been used to screen passengers since the mid-1990s,
but the collection of data for it has been greatly expanded and automated since 2002,
according to former DHS officials, the Post said.
The federal government is trying to build a surveillance society,
said John Gilmore, a civil liberties activist in San Francisco,
whose records were requested and first revealed in wired news.
The government, he said, may be doing it with the best of worst of intentions,
but the job of building a surveillance database and populating it with information about us
is happening largely without our awareness and without our consent.
According to wired passengers pulled aside for extra screening or those most likely to wait for the record books,
Gilmore had been pulled aside and border patrol officials took notes of his belongings.
Home line security officials defended the program.
I flatly reject the premise that the Department's interest in what travelers are reading,
DHS folks and Russ Nocky told the paper,
were completely uninterested in the latest time fancy novel that the traveler may be reading.
According to the Post of DHS data,
based in running includes passenger name record information,
as well as notes taken during secondary screenings of travelers,
P&R data often provided airlines and other companies when reservations are made,
routine may include names, addresses, credit card information,
as well as telephone and email contact details,
itineraries, hotel and rental car reservations,
and even the type of bed requested in a hotel.
The millions of travelers whose records have been kept by the government
are generally unaware of what their records say,
and the government has not created an effective mechanism for reviewing the data and correcting in errors,
the activists said.
The activists alleged that the data collection effort is carried out,
now violates the privacy act, which bars the gathering of data related to Americans' exercise,
and their first amendment rights, such as their choice of reading material,
are persons with whom to associate.
They're watching you, baby,
where you're going, what you're doing, what you're sleeping in, what you're reading,
what you're doing in that bed, who you're doing it with, etc.
All of these things.
How do you like that?
I don't know.
Kind of scary.
Oh, son, would you thought that there was some re-procussions to the fact that we're actually going back and doing the job?
Oh, we were just speculating.
Of course not.
Of course not.
In other words, nobody is jumping up and down and doing cartwheels and clearances.
No, G, what's going on there?
No, they're too busy worried about that.
That's the camp caminer.
Yeah, exactly.
They have a lot to be refished to fry, baby.
They've got to worry about the O-3 record in a very bad start for the camp caminer.
They're in the game, that's all they want to talk about.
For their dolphins, baby.
Their dolphins.
And Jimmy Sifilis.
Well, I think that it was a lot of shrying in that game yesterday.
Against the marginal team now, they play Oakland next.
Right, Chris, if I write about that, they play the leaders.
Well, they got a chance to win that game.
The Raiders are one and two, and just barely squeaked by the brownies.
Correct?
Correct.
So they got a chance to win that game.
They better win the ones they got a chance to win, because they got news for it.
I have a feeling it's not going to be too many.
I think I said seven and nine at the beginning before the season started.
I'm thinking more like four and twelve, maybe three and thirteen.
Not a really good start for the Cameron era.
Seven hundred three votes on the pool.
Chris is thinking nine hundred votes.
I was going to say nine fifty, but you're not that crazy, are you?
Let's go to nine twenty five.
Four hundred and twenty five people.
That's fifty, almost fifty one percent, that they found a finger in a tree.
They surely were deadmouse in their Cheerios.
They would call a lawyer and sue.
When it doubt, get the lawsuit out.
That's the way to do it.
After the break, this story about Daniel Haulack has seen her delay to the Slim Slots revenues.
This is just so perfect for Florida.
This is what it's all about.
You can't complain about progress in Florida, because there isn't any.
Always the same about everything fails.
If it makes any sense, it works.
Every place else, it fails.
And if we had a chance to succeed, the Fedass outgoing governor and the legislature will make them sure that it fails.
Or slot machines in Daniel Haulack, why the hell would we want that?
Yeah, it's astonishing to me, but then we'll get what I know.
From what has passed eleven to QAM.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
Here is no largest.
The sport radio five sixty QAM.
The sports leader.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
The best talent.
You've been waiting for it.
Yeah.
The sport radio five sixty QAM.
The sports leader.
Holy cow, Aaron's coming.
This is I with this news.
Alkada is up to its old media tricks just in time for another 9-11 anniversary.
The new bin Laden tape is significant.
I'm on my Zenon, but are you on the crime team?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
I'm sorry to call you in the middle of the show, but I try to call Norm Kent and Norm Kent talk right now, but Norm is speechless, I guess. I don't know what that's all about. Maybe he's in court. So he's informing me that court was instructed them to dump the far-t sound. So if I insist on playing anymore, I just should know that they're going to be dumped. Right. And it's my job to do. Is that what he told you? Or Chris, one of us has to. He came in and told you that. Clarence. Clarence came in there and told you that. Junior came in. Sure. Junior program director. Junior
Jack. Yep. And he said what? That we have to dump the far-t sounds. And I said, all right. I know this puts you in a weird position. I said I live in a weird position. He told you that. It puts you in a weird position. Yeah. I said, I know. That's my address. Weird position 33020. No, it doesn't put you in a weird position because you don't believe they ought to be dumped in the first place. Of course not. It doesn't put any of us in a weird position. It just puts us in an impossible situation. Right. And Jolly Jo, I was trying to tell him, you know, I said, I said, dump them based on the
far-t sounds. Well, corporate doesn't want the far-t sounds on the ear. Corporate. The measly broad-cat, the banjo boys don't want the far-t sounds. In other words, Joyce. Right. This is what we've come to. It's us against Joyce. And I told him, I don't think he was still on the phone or not because I said, next thing you know, he can grab us down to a one-shear. Is there anything else you want to take away from us? And then I didn't hear anything more. And I looked and he was not there. So I have a feeling he ran away. Was there like a hit-and-run call? Yeah, like that. Hit-and-run call.
And like I said before, it's not so much the, it's the principle of it. It's not the answer. Sounds themselves. Right. And I noticed the principle about the far-t's as I have some of those other really innocuous words in terms. I didn't hear anything about that. No. Anything said about that? No. Like do sure it's all part of the same thing. Right. What do you mean it's all part of the same thing? I'm sure it is, but you know, nobody told me anything about anything. This is the problem when you have a company that's listed on the NASDAQ that's supposedly like a responsible broadcasting company. And they refuse and have
refuse for years and years now to articulate what their policy is. Put it in writing. That's what Norma has said to them. And that's what I said to them. And you'll write it can't do it because they don't know what it is. All they know is that Joyce doesn't like this show. She doesn't like me. She doesn't like you. I'm sure. And she might even hate Chris for that matter because he's on the show. And she's going to do everything in her power to take away any ability we have to get a chuckle out of anybody or do anything that might attract an audience. And that's where we are today. I'm, you know, when you talk about spending some wax, you have
no idea how tempted I am to start the near-larger's music show. Although after I do the story about being a part of it. Now I'm serious. Where does it end? Where in the world is it? What is the policy? What is it that we still can say? What is it that we still can do on a show? When this fat clown came along, we had a show that was kicking ass. We had big numbers all the time. Every book, every trend, month and month out year in and year out. Just like we did in IOD, just like it on ZZ.
And I am Z and for ZZ years in this market. And then all of a sudden it came down to Joyce Fitch's running the show. And that's because you've got a couple of clowns that don't understand the show. And they've handed the keys to the kingdom over to her. You think that Joyce is listening to the show this morning? No. So how about the Joyce No Were Playing Farts sound? All the shirts were tipped off. I see. Just like she was tipped off about that bit that she never heard. Right? No Farts sound. That we can't play that because she's going to sue the company. Is there anybody believes that? Yes. As if anybody who believes that someone who wants to continue being gainful.
The employee is going to sue their employer because of a comedy bit that might offend them. And anyway, here's the... Now I'm thinking about. I'm really thinking what I want to do at this point. No, no. I'm mulling over in my mind. Because I'm going to continue taking the money. You know, I show up every day. Every day I'm supposed to be here. I show up. Very seldom out sick. Although I could be out sick right now. Maybe my moment of silence before. So I should have thought that...
I heard my door. I must have been next door. I thought I heard somebody come in and go out. And I didn't come to find out was a false alarm. But at any rate, so I just wanted to double check. You know, because you never know might be the boogie man. Or might be the fart police. So I just wanted to know that if you insist on playing anymore, these were going to be dumping them. And I thought to myself, that's an appropriate term. It is, isn't it? Yeah. Maybe he's on. Maybe he thought he was going to be fine. Oh yeah, he's a very funny guy.
Neil, how are you? Joe Bell. Joe Bell. Johnny Joe Bell. Oh. Mother think, what are you doing? Can you say boogie man? Oh, KC don't bring any more pasty or face teenagers to my house like he didn't plantation that time. In Jekyll, Randaboy. I always kind of fun having them there on that show. We did, was that on what station was at Anzada? Yeah. Yeah, because the bird was there. I believe that. I mean, I'm going to, you know, I'm going to get to the car and then I'll be there.
They rest in peace the bird is dead. I think I think radio is dead and these people are doing a hell of a job to do
There was jolly Joe he didn't bother to tell me though about the great trend. They just have
Heck of a heck of a
Job there guys like Reverend Jones would say hell of a job Joe great show Joe
So we were in a really good mood here for an hour and a quarter and
Rolling long singing the song everything was fine and now we get a fly I get a phone call in the middle of the show in the middle of my program
From the general man who are to tell me I've been ordered by corporate to dump the fart challenge
You're a crazy person Joe you got the balls of a butterfly that's what you got a
Paper tiger like I told you a long time ago paper tiger
Daniel Highlight has a license to operate slot machines the back of Las Vegas gambling company and a prime time location
Your fortnight of Hollywood International Airport, but there's always a big but
But anything that might happen in South Florida big but
Plants to replace the cabin is 54-year-old venue with a new casino around hold and definitely you know the pool
I'm gonna take for tomorrow if I'm still here tomorrow is gonna be on the fart sounds all right
I mean I know what they're gonna say other than the most regressive repressive
Constipated people out there like Joyce. I can't imagine anybody that's the offended by it
I can't imagine anybody who believed that anybody's gonna get fined by the FCC for playing fart sounds
Because that's never happened and is never gonna happen
The earliest that slots could be ringing in day in the beach will be 2009 at least four years after brown County voters
Decided to allow the machines to prepare mutuals
And of course Norma can't who probably is in court you probably write about that or doing something doing somebody
The this is gonna be the question because I think we've reached the crossroads at this point
You know why me by that? I mean play that
What's that crossroads isn't that? No, no, I don't want to hear that
I don't want to play music okay. I want you spinning wax
You spun a lot of wax in August and look what it did for it did not spin any you didn't spin any wax no
Oh, they're once he's cute then
I guess what why I think corporate sabotage yes, we've gone on and off the air couple times now
Well, it's storming up ever since you were talking about the phone call
Ever since I talked about Jolly Joviel's phone call we've gone on and off the year maybe they'll shut the transmitter off
Yeah, we said just got a call from Joe Bell and he said and then we're off the air for a couple seconds
Came back and then now we just off the air for probably about a minute or so
We're out here for a minute. Maybe 30 seconds for you as long enough that I was looking for an engineer
Let me say it again had a phone call in the middle of my show from fan asked Jolly Jo Bell on my blackberry here
Neil Joe Bell hate to bother in the middle show. How are you today? I said I'm fine
Well, corporates directed me that they we have to dump the fart sounds if you insist on playing them
We're gonna have to dump them and I said based on what based on corporate doesn't want fart sounds on our air
I got news for a man every time you put the dolphin game on you got about seven hours of fart sounds you don't realize it
That's the Malcolm Cameron dolphins the cam camon era
While the other three paramutrials introduced slots within months of getting state licenses
Daniel Highlight's parent company void gaming watch this from the sidelines and what void gaming one of the countries largest gambling companies
Has seen so far has led it to abandon the late 2008 opening date for the casino
There were a lot of on-resolved issues said Blake cumbers void gaming's vice president development
Chief among those issues the lacklustrid performance of slots at the other barber of paramutrials
The similar traps push for expanded gambling rights and a pending court case that could affect the legality of slots
All those evil one-arm bandits baby. I think the state of Florida may go off into the ocean and just sink
Dang you beach officials said void gaming officials assured them the companies plans for a casino are still alive
Just like Don Corollion. We hit him with five shots and he's still alive
It's all very much on pause right now, which is exactly what I'd be doing if I was in their shoes said
I've been patoed Daniel Beach's city manager one of the advantages with void gaming is that they're not stuck with what they built
They can modify it. They already know what doesn't work. They know the other paramutrials aren't doing so well
Wall Street analysts have been disappointed by the early results of the three new racetrack casinos
Golfstein Park racing in casino
Marty Gras racetrack and gaming center and the aisle casino and racing at Pompa no Park
slot machines on these coast animated an average $269 and revenue for day and all this to currently
Gambling industry observer and industry newsletter that puts out a monthly report on East Coast slots the August averages for all three
Broward race track as seniors were below these coast average
Golfstream Park machines generated only $68 in revenue per day last month the worst performing slots on the East Coast
Not just the East Coast of Florida, but the East Coast of the world
$68 in revenue each per day I
Can put that much in in ten minutes you can me
five minutes
There
Usually is a first-mover advantage, but in the case of Howard County
It seems to be more of a snake bite than an advantage to the first to open said Joseph Leonard vice president of spectrum gaming Corp
And international consulting from the analyzes gambling markets in addition boy gaming is watching to see what forms a gambling the
Seminole travel Florida will get from the state as part of a gaming agreement if the tribe secures exclusive rights to some table games
It would seriously impair the term mutual ability compete Pato said
Comber said his company is also monitoring the court case in which thought opponents are seeking to nullify the
2004 statewide both had allowed Broward residents to decide whether they wanted slot machines the Florida Supreme Court is weighing whether the case can proceed
When all these issues are resolved will forge ahead with our plans come her said
What those plans are though remains unclear in community forms last year board gaming presented plans for new casino building
housing 1500 slot machines two restaurants and I club lounge and bars that were no plans for a hotel or residential retail components
Comber said boy gaming is evaluating those plans and they he is certain they'll be modified Pato says it's inevitable there will be a hotel at the site
right
Oh, look at that GM strike because there's the strike actually on or what I guess
We know what are we I keep changing it from seeing it because they keep putting that kid on there
Oh, I'm awesome, but they are they are they are and I bet you they start to make some far sounds to all
I am
Feel Rogers
Well, that's not about the Joe Bell. That's about the Joe from the whammy days isn't sure. Yes, am I right? Yes
Well, what do I do about that then I'd play something else instead like Jolly and Rolly Joe
Great out of
Where's the month?
Alex Joe Bell how are you today? I'm in the middle of a show you jackass you thankful
Fat pool of jacket now as North
Carolina goes
Rolly's a big city. You know, and that's where the bees. Please had to go for Jolly Rolly Joe
I knew GM
He'll do what he can
Shake your hand like a friend
Quickly walk away. Huh, they had Joe go to five six oh with ratings and the toilet bowl to get those
Blaming for full most in order and control and then so
Rolly Joe of a
You and him the note he let's most go and here's what blows it's got to be his own show
You make a big change
And read a range
It's worse for the same
He hasn't done a thing
Or goes
Air at two Joe don't have us think include out of four
Not medicine to eat blows for all radio
GM of
Five six oh
Jolly Rolly Joe
Oh
1133 27 oh no at 560 WDQAM everybody all 50 people listening are wondering what's gonna happen now
And of course I'm wondering what's gonna happen now because Norma can't if she's in court
You know leaves me hangs me out here to dry on one hand tells me to go ahead and do the near Roger show and play whatever it helped
I want you know within reason as long you know right use my own judgment and then I get a call at 1115 from fat as Jolly Joe
In fact, let me look at my thing here. That's one of the great things about the blackberry phone call log
Right you got that oh yeah 1111 received a call. Let's see how long was 42 second call from Jolly Joe
Saying oh corporate doesn't want the fart sounds on here
I'm just telling you a few insist on playing and we're gonna have to dump them because corporate though
Like that and they like disappeared in the middle of my sentence when I was trying to say thanks a lot you fat jerk
You goofball you idiot you moron you you fair. Yeah
Nice job. They'll get those dolphin games the one QM that's good
Get a lot of spots in those shows and we got that dolphins all asses the infomercials. Nice job Joe
26 till noon at 560 W. Well, what would you what would you do under the same circumstances not that you're like you know me
But what would you do right if I were you? Yes? Well, uh, do you get the car just take off well not during the show
Oh wait, my here's a phone call now. Let's see who this one's from this one's from Norma hello
I'll get a letter in five minutes that will say what give me an idea since I'm on the year and I'm fucking on the year right now
And they can't hear you I'll get a letter saying what
Yes
Yes
Good
Problem and dread okay
I'm getting a letter in five minutes putting them on notice that they're a breaching my contract. Oh, this is this is I mean
I didn't realize today is gonna be such an exciting day. Oh, this is good for ratings
That's not a joke either if anybody if anybody knew something was going on
Hey spread the word. There's doons of transpire spread the word
We're having a big fart war here at QA I'm on the near Roger show. Okay. Could be the final days for these bath art wars
Nothing but far or something wrong with these people. I mean is it just me or is it just something really wrong
It's like here's the show that was like the cash cow for all those years and now they want to do everything in a power to make sure that we fail
face the course on Joyce
And jolly joe and junior the triple day range
So in five minutes, I'm gonna get a letter
Like the box tops would say
And we what do you think
What's he gonna say? I have no idea yet
Maybe vanna will turn the letter or I'll leave it on here whenever it comes down
Why are you two and star the fart war is yeah, oh
I was gonna play war at your temple or now you're gonna dump him if I play him yes, and because you can't afford a good fire. That's right
You know
You see when first comes to shove
There's my good buddy George is he got back me up or what no back you and I don't blame me you can't afford a kid getting
I can't afford to work. I can't afford not to you can't afford to work and you can't afford not to when you work in there in your case
And Chris you can't afford to work and you can't afford not to that's a good way to
I wonder who the hell was that came into my I'm almost positive somebody came in and they turned around went out
Lock the door stop who's the maid maybe they're doing your cuz juniors asleep
What they're in the house
It was this danger
Yeah, the weapon give us stick no idea
I have my stick I could have like fired some fart sounds and some real one
But in my advanced age of course, it's kind of dangerous trying to do that. You never know what's gonna happen in the end
Go question to say that
Crawford doesn't want the farthest I mean seriously anybody out there over the age of five who's like not an adult
But just a child will have a brain
Stop and think about how ridiculous this is
Crawford is worried that Neil Rogers is playing
Park sounds on the radio and violation of something they just made up
And so on
Joyce and all these people are getting a letter same thing violation. You know something that's great right me a check
Okay, I'll never play a fart sound on QM again right me a check and I'll be gone faster than you can say ish to bible
What is that that you're playing oh dramatic music star wars. Yeah, oh fart wars right
Part more started the
That wasn't a fart
George played it too by the way I didn't play that it's a working. Oh, sorry
No, does this the does the let me ask you?
Yeah, is this dictum if I can say that can I say dictum? No
From Crawford does this include like raspberries also like occasionally will they like to you?
You know like that's a raspberry that's you know the answer to every question that you've ever asked them I know but I'm not asking whether we know when I'm asking whether they know
Well, you know what they will say what is the policy articulate a policy put it in writing say what it is
Does this include like a rat in other words anything that might be funny. We can't say we go that's anything that anyone would want to hear
That's right anything that I'm I am muse you hear the rest of the station right well then we can't do it
We want to be dead serious like about what do you think about those things yesterday and a great comeback?
They almost made there what about that I
Wasted by the way. What's the in-course in between the papers just kicking buffalo just tearing the kishkeys out of that and it was
It was amusing
Now did you see I'm sure Chris saw they highlight the him
It was second and inches at midfield and Brady through that long bomb to Randy Moss. Did you see that one? Yeah
And are you depressed? No
Randy Moss is just he's kicking ass man him and Brady
And I will tell you this Tom Brady. Look so I went in the post game interview yesterday
Or whenever the hell was they showed a clip? He looked so good. I don't what that happened
It's like must because he's banging all those hot chicks
He's the father of our country
Even though we thought he was a clean cut guy and as long as I live on him I forget that old kut de kaw
Oh, I can't believe Tom Brady always thought he was a clean cut guy
Because we all know that clean cut guys good-looking young studs making millions of dollars. They don't screw anybody
You know, they're like no why would they I have no idea
And of course I know one thing we're getting screwed
What do you do next?
Randy does. He was a blackberry
Lord
The fourth leader
The biggest name is the best talent. It's the big O or Landu El Zagiri
The sports radio 5.62 am the sports leader
This station stands for nothing
Not only are we forming in the North Atlantic Tomharkin
We're going to say Lucia and Miami
And the last arrest always and the Georgia scene
I'm like I want to make a
I'm a Kamen Islands and believe
And then you get that blitz off
Then we're going all the way through Mexico, Maryland
And clear up in the top of the other president
I sure miss that how we do now to at least there was a little bit of a segment there, you know
So let's see the call from Norma came in at 1134
I'm checking on my blackberry right now
1134 and now it's 1145 so it's 12 minutes later and he said within five minutes I was going to have a letter
Huh
Ask me if I have a letter do you have a letter and I sure hope he doesn't set it to me in that format that I can't open up
What do you call that windows whatever the thing
Okay, no, I don't have any letter. I don't have any
Email I don't have any text message. I don't have any letter in a bottle under my door. I don't have anything
That's a long five minutes Norma
Hanging me out to dry here. He's sending a letter baby and he's going to notify them about a beep but a boop but about like that, you know
Oh, wait a minute now. What's the story you jumped there?
What your births no
Okay, we can birth because you never asked if you could
Though game again, they're going to go shazies between the Seminole and governor Charlie
Chris team bogged down by politics the tribe hasn't forgotten about plan B a lawsuit and I mean federal court
The Seminole's filed a suit and marched partly as leverage in their year-long push to get the state to the table for a gambling agreement or compact
At the same time the tribe which had been unsuccessful negotiating with former or fat ass governor
Jevosh began negotiating with Chris for the right to offer biggest out of slot machines and possibly other games like
Blackjack and exchange for sending a portion of tribal revenue to state coffers. Oh my god
It's successful the suit would give the Seminoles and Prince potentially the Mekasupis who also sounded the suit federal permission to install new games and casinos
Cutting the stand under receiving a share of the Seminoles estimated one billion dollar plus revenue to relieve the tribe doesn't pay the state any taxes
The tribe would prefer to have a compact said Seminole lawyer very Richard
It's not that we're sitting here hoping the judge rules tomorrow the main significance of the suit is to keep pressure on the parties to reach a compact
It's been years they've been asking for this they want to get what they're entitled to
The suit which may reach conclusion by rolling next year ask us to judge Donald Middlebrook's to order interior secretary
Dirk Kempthorne to approve rules for the Vegas style or France three slots in Seminole casinos the interior department
It's got regulatory oversight over tribes
But it takes its appeals court decision last month called into question the department's legal basis for issuing such rules
And while lawyers for the Florida tribe say the ruling doesn't have any impact on their case
It applies on to the Texas Circuit other Indian gaming experts say it's complicated and already politically and legally difficult environment
Kind of like what we're working under a in a pull. How is it again?
Politically and legally there a difficult environment
Okay
Something like that
Here is a fact from Jonathan plantation. I find it absolutely reprehensible
Absolutely what these people have done to the Niro Rogers show are we supposed to operate there
See like I said no problem
I won't take it personally if they want them in a go away just write me a check will come up with it
I don't even want to pull them out. I got 15 months to go. I'll settle for 12 months
Write a check and I'll disappear
Just look away. That's right
You think that once they knew that they had a winner on their hands that has worked at other stations
They would allow you guys to keep the same winning formula
Instead they butcher it up slice it up and kill it slowly killing me softly with
Keep on keep it on me. Los hardcore fans will follow you anywhere you go
Hang tough and work with you the beesleys blow
Says Jonathan in plantation here's a facts university dogs chronics now. This is great radio
Challenge fat ass jolly Joe to come into the studio and take some calls from your pissed off audience
Come on Joe. Butch up. Give the audience what we want. Well the only problem is I'm not taking any calls
I mean you think I should take calls on this now on no. What's going on here?
It's gonna be the same five people because that's what they've never done to anyway
Maybe this was their game playing you know to like phase us out
Maybe get out of this deal is because one thing about these people
They don't want to pay anybody any money that they don't have to yeah because you know what the Bruce Beasley says
I believe in an honest days work for an honest days pay
I sure wish you could have been if that meeting man at that lunch and like I said the stake was crap
Uh here must this must be the letter norm can't patience it says patience
And now what is that I wanted to be perfect he says he's leaving me hanging me out here to dry on the air
It's 11 till noon. We got two hours and 11 minutes to go and he wants it to be perfect. Oh my god
Is this a silly queen or what he wants it to be perfect like like the
Thing you said last night was perfect
About the fart sounds is 85,000 pages on that of treat us
It was like it was like a yeah documentary on flatulence. I don't like how they treat us
And that's your really worked well didn't it normal that worked when I was very effective
So that at 11 minutes after 11 I get a phone call from fat ass Johnny Joe well corporate doesn't want the fart sounds on their air
And like I said if corporate doesn't want me on your right aid check
Okay, you won't believe how fast a federal queen like me can disappear. I can vanish like somebody waived a magic wand
You ain't w launches national strike against sentinel motors for those of you where there's WDIV in Detroit
Time today no word of a settlement between the union and if I
said 75,000 workers well that'll teach it of course that potty act man
No, it's a nice car the solstice
But they're all convertibles you know, and of course they do have the turbo. I see I'm not big on turbos
Okay, I once had a toilet super turbo and I wasn't really big on it because what it is is like it's like a make-believe fast car
You know, I mean right?
I hear the the turbo portion of it breaks down very easily really yeah
Oh, that's what I've always heard as opposed to when you've been driving Corvette for 20 years
Then you get in this thing like on the highway
Although I had a fine Saturday morning although I lost my ass, but I got in the car and drove out the woodbind
Know the way perfect I could go there blindfolded
You know, what do I need to be paying a cab guy right?
55 60 bucks each way when I can drive out there my beautiful solstice and the gas is only like a hundred bucks a gallon here, you know a leader
Take me to your leader and he uses regular gas anyway regular unleted
Been so long since I ever put regular gas into a car. Wow. So that's one saving grace
And like I said the rear windows about the size of your pinky
Seven of every 91 votes on the pool on Charlie B's pool. I shouldn't know when I put that pool on there was gonna be a bad day
Well, what kind of a a letter is that he writes to me patients. I want to make it perfect
Remember patients in fruited and tonight you belong to me on Liberty Records. I bet you I bet you chicken. I remember as the green label
That I
Wanted to be perfect. That's all I got
I have nothing else and don't set it to me and that
Whatever that form was the thing last night. The only way I could read it was on my blackberry
Because you know the problem with that thing on here
I don't have the information to type in on that
Microsoft whatever that the only thing whatever it is. Yes. Yeah, whatever it is
So just send me a copy of it if you're and I'll read it on the year normal if it's gonna happen sometime during the show
Sometime during my lifetime. I mean, I'm not saying that I need to be able to play fart sounds to do the show
But I'd like to know well what parameters we got what's going on here if every time I say douchebag or something
Somebody's gonna come running in there junior junior jock and as we say oh George
I know this is very tough for you, but you're gonna have to dump every time he says uh, you know whatever
We have a bitch over there in Naples who makes stuff up as she goes along and continues putting it in
And you know something if they want a music show if they want a one-sheer the next 15 months
I can do it because I'll continue taking the money
Because I've given almost 10 years to these bastards and when I get in return is audita nothing
How you like to billboards? We got how do you like the promotion? Oh?
You don't care as much about that
Right
Now I don't care very much about the fact that we had a one seven in persons 25 to 54 in the middle of August
Especially in a month when the esports nerd shows had a bogus number. I mean why are diaries
Anybody will use the Kenny and bowl morning show had a five-sheer when anything has got to be neat needs to be put in
Bellevue needs to be put in a mental institution
In Arcadia isn't that where it is over on the west coast with the nut house in Arcadia. I do believe so that's right
Is it I've driven through there I believe
Seven I read 95 votes. I think with all the tremendous
Uh crap that's going on here. We might actually make 900 votes
Chris
We got 800 we'll do we actually have a shot at 950 today that would be a real feather in our crap because this pool like I said
If you really find a finger in your chili or a dead mouse in your Cheerios or
Something unusual in your back. Oh, yeah, that would be bad like we're we're that's what we're getting today
We're getting the shaft in our back home
Now I know that opens up the door for a lot of very
A lot of really grotesque comments out there about just stuff like that
But that's not my bag you know sin. I may have to be wearing a bag after this deal today
So what I want I'm doing just throwing for time because I'm waiting for this perfect letter
That's gonna be written by Norma Kent
To uh to do something
It's it's not there and he called what time does he called
I forgot. I'll look at it again. Phone call logs here. 34 or something like that?
34. Very good. That's 20 minutes ago. It's 54. Even we can figure out that's 20 minutes ago.
And I still have no letter. What? Didn't he say? I was repeating on the year what he was saying.
Five minutes you'll have a letter. Didn't he say that? I mean, you didn't hear it, but I heard it.
He said it about four times. And five minutes. Give me five minutes you'll have a letter.
Bapapapapapi. Bapapi. Bapapi. Bapapi. I was sending it to this one and to that one and bye bye.
He's really pushing up Norma. You said that's it. And it is still waiting. 155. Here we are.
21 minutes later. Still waiting on the edge of my seat.
On the edge of my crack. Correct.
Waiting for this important letter from Norma Kent, my first-while agent in attorney who
should have held these people's feet to the fire a long time ago. But you know better late than never.
Wait a minute. This might be it. Norma, oh and the only right. Oh, this is just a repeat
because the blackberry you get the messages like 20 minutes later. Patience, it says. Patience.
Without prudence. Matter of saying, but then press you. Patience. No.
I mean, I'm on the year. In the middle of a right smack in the middle, it's almost the
little hand's going to hit the big hand a couple minutes going to be noon. Right smack in the middle
of what's supposed to be the knee-arrogere show. We have this major bruhaha over fart sounds.
Like we're dealing with management. It's like about a bunch of three-year-old children.
Wouldn't you say that's about the equivalent of their mentality like a bunch of little kids?
I don't need a plan. Fire sounds on the radio. He's been a bad boy. Let's knock the
fart sound. That above my mind. So what I'll do is I'll give him during the break and I'll check
and see if there's anything else on there on my hotmail. I eat. And if not, I think I'm just going
to leave down on the floor.
Where are it beaded 12-1 hour on WQ AM?
Who then dies of the mass? I got the candle. They quit Jerry Yoke.
Oh, baby. Open the code out of Jerry Jerry. Beaded Bruce.
Oh, baby. Shiny little little little smelly machine.
The person's been shit. Now, so I'm downstown the road in a bit. That is super bad way.
Now, when they harvest up, the big heels of they'll get around the place in the praise.
A night 79, found Boca do Nina. She'll look in bad. Now, it's my baby Cadillac.
Dawn of the evening.
Or another night on a journey. Jerry, beaded Bruce.
Oh, baby. Shiny little little smelly machine. Yoke.
I got a window down on a hot summer day because they're busy no work no way.
The spreading fresh weather loss eats dogs for smelly. Gets them touching, but get over time.
I'm on my back to find the shiny ground and smell like live. Thanks, my coffee.
Johnny, too, was having Washington with on the road.
The whole baby. Open the code out of Jerry Jerry. Beaded Bruce.
Oh, baby. Michael, Johnny, who's throwing over Steve Fump's into school.
Dawn baby. Fresh, but no, it's Jerry. You'll be faster to be. Beaded Bruce.
Dawn baby.
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Hello to at 5.60 WQAM on Happy Monday to September 24th.
I should have known it was right after you on Kipper Man. Bad crap was going to happen.
Oh, I think I just take about it. And can I read you what I have from normal kids so far?
Yeah. Excellent. I love it. That's it. Nothing.
34, 26 minutes and three more, 29 minute, half an hour.
Wait five minutes. It's going to be a letter. It's going to be a letter. It's going to be
unbelievable. It's going to be so great. You won't believe it. Yeah, right. You should live so long.
My hot shot attorney, man, he's going to put them in air place all this time.
It's been going on two years of Joe Bellitis. Look at his Z's. It's like something
we put it on Wikipedia. Joe Bellitis. A festering sick nauseating disease that infects radio
stations and turns them to done to big heaping pounds of mong. Bellitis.
You hear it? No, mongolitis. Yeah, mongolitis.
We had 811 votes on Chris's poll. He's pretty happy. All right. He's not too pleased we'll
put on it. Oh, that's all good. It's okay. It was on the top. No, it's not all good. That's not
a good poll. It's crap. This Charlie Beaman, I like to take him and put him in the same big pot of
boiling oil with him and Joe Bell to him. Have to be a big pot.
The George said he'll smoke it. Sure. So what do you think of this? I mean, I actually turned
the phone on here. W2AM. Hello. QAAM. I didn't say there was anybody on it, but there was ringing.
Hello, mute. Oh, yeah, with the phony voice. First call, the phony voice. Right.
Hello, muted. Yeah. Yeah. They're new. Let's see if the audience really cares about this. If they
want to add their two cents or not, okay, I don't mind taking calls. It is better than waiting for
more of Kent to send me the letter that's not coming. Just be patient. Be patient. There's a letter
coming. Okay. There's a letter. Yeah. 14 years from tissue growth is going to be a letter in
a bottle somewhere like in the Mediterranean. WQAM fart central. Hello. Hi. I know you guys
get a lot of stupid calls, but I am a faithful female listener and I love you guys. Thank you.
I listen to you without fail every day. I love you. And what would you suggest that we keep coming back?
Yes. At least for the women that listen. We are out here. We do have us. Okay. Thanks,
we have a great. We love you. Okay. Bye. Okay. Well, there you go. That was very nice. 5670560.
0.560 and a Verizon singular wireless line. See, I mean, we can have like a listener
revolution. The only problem is we don't have enough audience left to like make any impact. Do
you know what I mean? We can smell it. WQAM. Hello. Very Neil. Yes, sir. You're leaving it on
the Yovon? I should have been there. Oh, yeah. WQAM. Hello. QAM. Neil. Yes.
Neil, I just want to say the amazing thing about you is that after all these restrictions,
you're still kicking out. Oh, yeah. I'm kicking my own ass. Old style. Yeah.
I can smell it. Maybe there's far those fart sounds keep coming out. Okay. WQAM. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yeah. And why don't we think for them? Make sure, put that
joyfully down on the bottom of the boat. Make your sink. You know? Sounds like a plan to me.
Get started, baby. Don't waste too much time. Let me just check my hot mail and see if
I don't think so. Why? I don't know. Are you that negative? Are you going to be a
negative? I call it realistic. Oh, and it's spoken by me. You're right. There's nothing there.
Nothing there. Norma. And now let's see. 26 and 32 minutes later. Nothing there.
See in the audience, it's been wondering, well, how come Neil sits back and takes this
script and puts up with a bunch of garbage from these banjo picking Yahuos? Well, I think you're
getting a real good taste of it right now. He's composing a letter and he wants it to be perfect.
WQA and hello. Yes, QA. Yes, sir.
Hello. Yeah. I was calling to help Neil. You're speaking to him, sir. Oh,
he is. Yeah. Hey, I just wanted to say I don't know how much vacation time or sick we
do have. I've always needed you since you were on INZ. What else is? Make them make the move, man.
Just just just make them make the move. Stick it to a man, right? Stick it to a baby.
Tell him to stick it. We're the moon. Don't try. Oh, just make them make the move. Yeah.
Write me a direct. That's what I say. Write me a big fat chick.
Okay, I'll try. I mean you. I mean them. Okay. Are you going to write me one too if it's any good?
WQA and hello. Yes, I want to give a comment. The park sounds. Yes. Yeah. I think Neil should
go ahead and keep playing the part now. So Joyce, she needs to sit back relaxed with people to show
her to take a nice part herself. Okay. She's probably going right now. Yeah, forget about
normal, man. Go ahead yourself. And he's composing a letter. He's on the case. He's going to fight
the red fight. Yeah, I'm waiting. I'm waiting. Even Georgia sitting there like P in his pants.
Well, because you're afraid I'm going to play another part time. What's the point of doing it?
Putting you in a hurry of the way. The best hands. What? I'll dump it. What's the, you know,
a 14. Well, why would you do that to me after you these years? Yeah. Somebody keep it.
Q. I. M. Hello. Hola. Okay. Okay.
Oh, you know, I drive around all day and enjoy your show. It's just the way it is. It's just
the noise that they've got to do this to you. Yeah. Well, they, you know, they're just trying to kill it.
They're killing it. Goose to the big one. You know, 20 years. I'm driving around. I think
you're in for a problem. I'm on the road all day. And you just entertaining. It's just good to listen to.
It's funny. Well, go back to me, pal. Good luck to me. All right. Hey, man. Good luck to whistle.
I like tiny tins. They've got blessed one and all. That's right. And nobody even sneezed yet.
WQ. I am. Hello. Yes. How you doing, sir? Okay. Hey, I was calling. College of
Chicago. Are you going to that kid that got paid since when has being being obnoxious?
The crime under the Constitution. Yeah. Well, I guess. Call up. Joey.
He'll tell you. Joyce bitch will tell you she knows all about being obnoxious bitch. WQ.
I am. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you, sir? Okay, sir. I was watching a channel.
Pam left right. And they had a advertisement on where the band children are.
Chris and a little dummy and he leaned it over and had a part sound. And nobody said nothing
about that. But, uh, Joe Bell, I don't know how do you expect the surgeon to do a job if you
take a tool away. So, uh, they took away my tool, man. You're right. You take care of yourself.
If I'm coming down there, I'm going to fart in his face. How do you like that? And then he
says to me at the end of the call, well, you know, I'll be more happy to talk to you more later.
Like it to I'm not talking to you to I'm not talking to you on Simhastura Ramadan. Uh, Tisha
Boliv, uh, Shariat, uh, your ass. I'm not talking to you period. Talk to me.
That last one up. Yes. Talk to Norma. Have a good time. Okay. And you know what? Here's,
here's what Norma just wrote. Wow. Nothing. He's a word Smith. Nothing. He is a specialist.
26 and 10 36 minutes later. In this five minutes, it's the longest five minutes in the history
of the human freaking race. I'm going to write a letter. You're going to have it in five minutes.
I'm going to do this, but I mean, but I'm going to put them out. I'm going to. I'm waiting.
I'm waiting for some support is what I'm waiting for. I feel like a like a athlete without a
jockstrap is what I feel like. I need some support. In fact, you know, something they like it better
if I was sitting here wearing a jockstrap, then they might like me, including that simple
inc clearance. WQA and hello. Good bye, Neil.
WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. Is there an approved FCC noise list that you can do or not do?
Yeah, there's 10. There's eight sounds that we hate. Of course, there's not a noise list.
Whoever heard us such a thing. I mean, like things as you can get away.
Yeah, eight sounds that you hate. If we could put that on here, then how can we play
Farts on? I mean, Farts sounds are at least amusing. That was just, just, just, how are they knowing?
WQA and hello. Hey, Neil. I mean, they're trying to suppress bad taste and you've been doing this
for so many years and you're like at the top of your field. I mean, George, you listen to any part of
Georgia show. It's bad taste unlimited. You know, they should, they should, you know, look at his show
before they look at the fight sounds. Who show? George's. George.
That show is bad. I mean, that's been a, George shots since the call started. I don't know. Hey, I don't know.
I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.
You're from the Faxing Normal Letter? Yeah. You got it. I don't know. I don't know. Let me see.
And where did you get it? He sent it to my email. Well, let's see if I got it. No.
This is my erstwhile attorney. Okay. He sent it to your email. Well, at least he sent it to
somebody. Anyway, are you going to fax it to me now? I faxed it to you now. Okay. Well, do the break.
This brings up a little bit of suspense. Maybe we can have like a drum roll and come back.
I don't know. I don't know. You're going to make your 5.60 QAM.
Me. Of course. Leave. Come on. I am not gay. I never have been gay. Let's make one thing perfectly
clear. First you move your putsy from the heel to the toe. Make the tapping sound as you move it
to and throw. Point it towards the stall and someone you don't know. And then you tap around and
tap around like more's cold. Run your fingers all along the bottom of the stall. The signal that you're
ready for some toilet chin ball. When he signals back, he wants to take all your sack.
Right, that's what's called the baggity cup. You'll go around and find a glory hole.
If one can be found squirm down by the hole, push your head through to the other side.
Then ask of you and he want to see eye to fly. You're in the public take so make it fast.
At least until you both have a blast, then you're genuine blitz and pull up your hands.
That's what's called the baggity cup. Unless the other guy shows you his badge.
12.18 is 5.60. Nobody can hear his the letter. Okay, let's and I did finally get it on my
a little bit slow. Maybe my email is slow.
I think so. Yes. I'm not so hot man. Yes. I do.
I'm not real email. I don't know how to tell you that before but you don't know.
Sorry.
Sorry.
See, I would have played a farther but I know traditionally when you would have you had a dumpster.
Yeah, I would have been using people who are gone like that. Little chuckle. That's what people want.
Put a little smile on their face. As opposed to these bastards who put a big frown on your face.
So here from Norman Elliott Kent, attorney at law.
Here's the letter that he wrote to Joyce Fitch, legal counsel WQM,
and Bruce Beasley, president of WQM, Ray the Nearajer Show.
Dear Ms. Fitch. This morning I received a telephone call from Joe Bell. As did my client,
advising me that corporate had instructed him to drop all fart sounds and then Nearajer's chose
to play on the ear and concentrate with my letter of last night, which was about fart sounds.
As a matter of fact, Joe solicitously added that both Neal and I are impossible to deal with.
And this was a matter I would have to take up directly with Joyce or Bruce,
we're impossible to deal with.
Well, accordingly, at the direction of your own general manager, we will have no further
discussions with Mr. Bell on any matters whatsoever, which I would say is-
That's so lovely, correct.
I don't want to talk to him. I'm not going to smell him. I don't want to have it be anywhere near him.
Well, we could talk again later about what? About what, paper tiger?
And this is the same guy by the way, who in one of our first couple of phone conversations
when he called me agreed with me wholeheartedly. I mean, it was just incredulous that they would
not be playing fart sounds. I remember talking about him. Remember that two years ago?
Thus, you should feel free to call my office and articulate with specificity how the airing
of sounds of flancholence is within the administration ages of corporate control to control.
The truth is that, normally, 92 FCC in decency fines from 1970 to 2006, wherever we're based on
the comical airing of sounds associated with flancholence or farting, you should know that most
radio stations lawyers do. Here's a little shot. Not a good one, but a little shot.
University all finds you ball about a sexually oriented discussion which appeared on the
pre-iminterest, pornographic attractions, and obscene solicitation to the audience.
Nothing near was done comes within those parameters or threatens the station in any way.
Instead, you've violated material terms of the contract between Mr. Rogers and your company
on an ongoing basis, and these recent emails are an example of those transgressions.
You have invaded the territorial integrity of the Nino Rogers Show, have reached the material
term of his independent contractor agreement, and attempted to exercise in use
surprethirty over his historically established right to broadcast his thoughts bits and audible
comic parts. After NEO concludes his broadcast, today we'll explore the possibility of
filing a declaratory judgment action against the Beasley Corporation for these violations.
In order to avoid this confrontational determination, you're invited to discuss the same with me
forth with, sincerely, Norm can't attorney a law. Wow!
Are you, would you be intimidated or what? I'm shaken in my boots. Unless we discuss this
forth with, as in Pronto Tonto, we just might do this. We might seek the possibility of
filing a declaratory judgment action. I don't know what to do with this. I guess I can wait.
I'm relaxing some more than Norm sent something that he wanted me to fax to you, so I did.
More stuff. More stuff. Wow! He's making up for lost time out of it.
I didn't read, so when you say, what the hell is this? The answer for me?
I don't want you to write it. I don't want you to like screen my stuff at a time.
Of course, of course, but you don't be screened in my stuff.
Although the Gregio from Port St. Lucy stuff gets screened right into the garbage.
I'm not talking about that stuff. I'm talking about the importance of this stuff.
I don't talk about that. You're not talking about the key.
I'm not talking about that stuff. 832 votes on our poll, such as it is, and 60.3% say they'd call
a lawyer in Sioux if they found a finger or a dead mouse in their cell in a restaurant.
I did a good restaurant last night. I just discovered it by accident.
Highs stay-cows. It wasn't Jeff Highs stay-cows. It's pretty good. That's something when you find
a good restaurant by accident, you're walking around because I was lost downtown,
because I keep getting forced to drive to places that I could walk to.
That's because I'm weak, you know, old and weak. Here we go.
Here is a, let's see, fax it to him from Norman Kent. And so I did.
To Joyce Fitch, Joe Bell, and Josh Darrow, aka Junior, clearance.
Josh Darrow communicated an email last week, and instruction in the
able to terminate the ring of sounds relating to human flanchulants.
Unfortunately, Norman said this is unacceptable and the request will not be honored.
When and where appropriate is a matter of political expression, personal taste,
Mr. Rogers' lawyer sounds a flatulence. No contractual explanation was given a
meal or to me as agent and lawyers required by the agreement under which we're operating for 10
years now to terminate the sounds of flatulence. You heard the sounds of silence. These are the
sounds of flatulence. When Mr. Rogers was engaged, I don't remember being engaged, you were
contracting for a package of entertainment that included the use of these and other
audible sounds and furtherance of issues demeanoring style. You knew and brought into them as much
as Howard Stern's fartman was a character associated with him. So too was Neil's use of sounds
of flatulence been used on the unit to communicate political expression, ideology, dialogue,
and deprecation of characters he engages in debate.
There's more. Oh my god, look at this. This will take us till too easy.
More than just that, in fact, at no time in the past decade within which Neil's been employed
as an independent contractor by WDQM, has any attorney or general manager for the station ever
provided a guideline where Neil was advised what materials will be construed as offensive.
Now, their idea of making policy is a fact is a facts or an email or a phone call in the middle
of the show. Oh, don't play the fart sounds. Corporate, like that. That's their idea
by the seat of their pants. The only standard we have to go through by,
therefore, is the FCC pipe book, which is a more efficient fluctuating, often evolving is
fluctuating or fluctuating. Often evolving with continuing cases emerging from Washington,
why do as a First Amendment lawyer remain on the cutting edge so that numerous talents are
represent, remain within this is humorous, remain within the parameters and guidelines of
FCC regulations which are unstable and in some cases unconstitutional. You can't give someone a
ticket when you don't have signs posted on the highway indicating what the speed limit is.
Should I read this whole thing? I mean, it goes down for like, ever. Whatever. Whatever. I don't know.
I didn't read it. This is a copy of the thing he said last night, which they
had no impact whatsoever. It's his treatise on fart sounds and about FCC ruling that this goes on forever.
To the fears of QA Moverneel show airing something is not offensive as fart sounds,
breaches the independency hereby asserts as a contract within the scope of our agreement,
which has been enforced for over 10 years. First, you have not attempted to comply with the
spirit and intent over this past decade of delineating articulable guidelines within
dry car. And of course, the promotion is that they have violated this contract in 80s in
different ways. And it's almost as if they're like opening the door and saying, okay,
well listen, you guys saw goodbye like that, you know. Like I said, we have the agreement just
right to check. Like Joe Dodgiello would say, get a check. Right, a big fat check and we can just
put it and then you can put a really good sports you want in midday. I'm thinking Alex Marvez and
what's his name? Ethan Skolnik with the bad smelling VMs and he'll probably be farting on the air too.
Maybe if you get Dave Lamanne on the air midday, he farts a lot, real loud and real mal-odorous.
Can I say that? Nope. No. So why didn't he bother faxing that to me again?
Why having you faxed? Maybe he thought you'd be impressed by reading it.
I don't know. 26 past noon at 560 WQA.
So, let's make him out.
Make him out.
Mr. Malho.
Oh, I didn't think I was going to get you. This is Robert Eiger, president CEO of the
Washington. But you don't have to give your title every time you call.
I'm sorry sir. Is everything okay over there? I'm not used to you picking up the call.
No, everything isn't okay. Goofy's in rehab.
Oh no.
I had to send him to the Sunk lodge. He's in there with Lindsey Law and-
Oh, I'm so sorry sir.
Oh god. The office is in shambles. I can't find anything.
I didn't realize Goofy had a problem.
Oh yeah, he's all kind of f**ked up.
Boy, that's horrible sir.
Yeah, it's cold. It's booze. It's weed.
It's everything you can think of.
It's like the 80s when Chuck Grogon and I used to party pretty good.
Send Goofy my best sir.
Ah, shut up. What do you want?
Oh sir, if you read him and I was going to call you but I couldn't find your number.
You could-
No, I- A Goofy had some sort of filing system.
I don't know what the hell it is.
It was put together by an alcoholic.
Oh, everything okay?
Do you know the NASA Huggins?
Oh, but that's how to deal with young star high school musical one and-
Sir, sir.
Is there something wrong with the connection?
Have you seen the pictures of her online?
Pictures online. Oh, she's adorable.
And she's in the nude ones.
Oh, a lot?
She's totally nude.
Wow.
Uh-huh.
Where did you see nude pictures of the-
I just told you they were online.
Haven't you seen them on your computer?
Unfortunately, I don't know how to turn on my computer.
You want-
Hello, Icar.
You don't take a town card and work through you.
You take a little tiny yellow shirt, but how can you hear me on the phone
when I held it on?
Well, sir, what is it I can help you?
I hear help it off and pay attention.
Oh, okay, sir.
What is it I can help you with?
We're flying along.
I want the NASA Huggins in my office.
She's my kind of woman.
Really?
She's a bit young for you, sir, no?
Oh, no.
Have you seen Mini?
No, sir.
Get along in the truth, both talks, move enhancement, plastic surgery,
I'm a queer, sweet, calonite.
So you said Vanessa's your type of woman.
I don't understand, sir.
Yeah, I'm just seeing the pictures.
Right.
My kind of woman, because she doesn't
own a razor.
Come again?
Oh, God.
What I got too fast for you, Reverend Jim.
She's all not your all.
Why don't you know we eat top of the burger?
Well, yes, sir.
I believe in the desert areas.
There are tumbleweed.
Oh, no, no.
You functioning there on?
I'm sorry.
So I really don't understand.
Do you remember the 70s?
Oh, sure, sir.
Some of my best days.
That a great time and power.
Shut up, shop.
Did you ever see any porn on the 70s?
Well, one of the little different than it is now.
Right.
Do you know how?
We've been known razors.
I understand now.
You enjoy women that have hairy legs.
You know, to each is own.
I understand.
And ****.
OK.
Well, you don't go.
I mean, I just don't get it.
All right.
Well, this has been, uh, very, very, very, very educational.
Yeah, I'm here.
Yeah.
I want to have a meeting with it.
OK.
All right.
My other line is raised.
Wait, wait, I'm mad.
I say I want to tell her.
OK.
It's over.
Oh, we can say that again.
1233-27-01 at 560 W to QAM.
838 votes on a poll, Chris.
848.
What did I say?
838.
848.
That's great.
It's fresh on a small, me pool.
It's appropriate that we had a small me pool today,
because it's a small me day.
850.
Well, we'll make that 950th is the last day
if we have to stand till midnight.
Of course, George will be here.
I won't.
Right.
After a Friday editorial on page four in the Collegion,
that said, taser this F-Bush,
spark national upward controversy
regarding free speech.
Editor-in-chief J.D.
and McSwaying will be for Colorado State University's
Board of Student Communications today,
tomorrow to defend his job.
The expert that was spelled out about twice
the size of a headline.
BSC has authority sanctioned by the Board of Governors
of the CSU System to fire the editor-in-chief.
McSwaying and the Collegion editorial board
are standing by the decision.
The editorial board felt very strongly
that it's time-college students,
especially CSU students, started talking about issues,
he said, results for freedom of speech.
We felt that after Andrew Myers at the University of Florida
campus was pulled from his mic and abused,
that we started getting people to talk.
Guess what, Pally?
I agree with you, but there is no more freedom of speech.
There's not even freedom of flat silence.
But the end of it, the Board didn't realize
the whole consequence of the decision.
There were some unintended consequences,
he said, I think we caused a lot of grief to the advisors.
We've certainly affected our own advertising.
And undisclosed the Monarchaleges in advertising.
Money has been lost since the editorial was printed.
McSwaying said the editorial wasn't about the president,
but about freedom of speech.
I think it's been blown a little out of proportion.
It's been turned into more of a political issue.
We've said historically, our views are not
in favor of president Bush.
We very often slam them on that same section.
So this issue wasn't what we said, it was how we said it.
To us, it was a free speech issue.
The collegiate will not be suspended
by the University of the student newspaper.
Isn't that one of them?
Might it, why?
CSU president Larry Pennley,
should assume, regarding the editorial,
it said, while the University doesn't have the authority
to hold printing of the publication,
it expects deeper journalistic
to integrity from its student journalists
and doesn't support the editorial.
What did it say again?
It said, taser this, F. Bush, the F. Word,
and big bull letters.
They showed it before, because they,
of course, they've blotted out the F. Word.
They don't want to see that.
While student journalists enjoy all the privileges
and protections of the first amendment,
they must also accept full responsibility
for the choices they make, Pennley said,
the statement, right.
Once the SU teacher expressed his support
for the collegiate's choice with the word of caution,
I would support the paper no matter what it said,
it said, local attorney and journalism
is perfectly Christian,
but I fear that it's going to lose
some integrity among the community, right.
Say anything you want, but just don't offend anybody.
And if we decide we don't like it,
and can't say that, say anything you want,
but not that.
The Florida Democratic Party will stick with
a January 29 presidential primary.
So before I go into all these,
I've got a huge pile here.
Which we've been farting around.
I shouldn't say that.
We've been avoiding, you know,
doing, taking care of business
because we've had all this other fault
are all going on.
And Norma, in his usual self-legulating way,
sends me this copy of the thing he sent to me last time,
sent to them the eight million page treatise on Fartson.
Well, why does he write to me?
Well, this is so the audience will understand
what we're talking about.
The audience understands what we're talking about.
They get it.
This company's having a nervous breakdown
because they don't want me to play Fartsons on here.
Because some bitch who doesn't know
or radio if you're shoved for under an armpit,
she decided that it's bad.
And Joe Bell says we're impossible to deal with.
That's because Joe Bell, like I said,
has got the cajones of a hummingbird.
He's a paper tiger.
And what did I tell you two years ago?
I don't want to keep saying that to you.
So what did I tell you?
Did I tell you so?
You told us so.
No, sorry, I thought you were rhetorical.
No, it was not.
I'm waiting for you to say it.
Spit it out.
Wait, when in doubt you can do that, right?
You can spit it.
Guy who like, well, and the idea that I'm gonna talk to him,
I'm gonna waste any more of my time,
whatever I got left on this planet,
I'm gonna waste any of it talking to him about what?
What is there to discuss?
No, we're not impossible to deal with.
You're impossible to deal with.
Because you have no authority,
because you won't go to bed for us,
and because you're just a paper tiger,
whatever joy says,
oh, corporate legalness and corporate legal idea,
you know, corporate legal my ass.
This come, this is the same company
that signed up for the Howard Sterns here,
and then brooched it like a piece of swish cheese
when they did put it on the air with eight million dump
buttons, including every time Howard would play
fart sounds, they were dumping that and playing music.
And they signed up an agreement with them
to put the show on,
overlapping this show, which we already had a contract for.
That's the kind of honor that this company is a guilty of,
the kind of dishonor,
double dip in baby,
oh yeah, well, you know,
whatever Howard's done,
that's when you can start, whenever you.
And then of course, there was the,
and I'm looking at the schedule and seeing who was on
between five and seven this morning.
Oh, Jay McDuffie and Danny Cannell,
another slap in the face.
After that grow test,
and that was another area where my erstwhile attorney
should have been like wild screaming,
raving and ranting like a lunatic,
but was not.
When OG McDuffie teamed up with Kimba Boatcamp,
and Robert Greeper,
and a bunch of other,
oh, near Rogers called OG a cool-on-year,
come down here and say it to his face,
I'd do it right.
After I said we're doomed,
I said we're doomed, which we are.
But, you know,
and what happened?
And so Joe Bell gives Kimba Boatcamp
or my cell number,
which I didn't want any part of that,
and he calls me the next day to apologize
as for instructed by Joe Bell.
And that was supposed to smooth that over.
Going on here and claiming that I called
a black person a coon on the air.
You remember that?
Sure.
You were on vacation.
I know, I missed all the fun.
Let's see.
Oh, look at this.
Yeah, from what I just,
I just noticed that.
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
what's that guy called me?
what's that guy called me?
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
I was like,
what's that guy called me?
They would fight the,
why you Per is this guy,
Come on, come on and raise that barn.
They can't swear they can't just stay down, Junein.
If you miss it, they'll pay these kids.
They can't stay the same cause they're honest in the city.
Cause they're honest in the city.
No more eating only mutton.
They can use zippers instead of buttons.
First time seeing a computer, going for lunch at a place called Hooters.
Cars all never heard street noise.
And it's the first time they've ever seen a homeboy.
But back home is a different thing.
No death tunes or belly rings.
Come on, come on and feel no guilt.
When you get home you can finish that drill LA.
The place is so pretty if they stay.
How will they survive when they're honest in the city?
When they're honest in the city.
I'm dying over here.
12.45 at 5.60 W.A.
And we had Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
Not too soon by the way.
And then everybody can call in, oh jeez, what are we going to do about this camp camera?
And he's worse than Nick Saber, oh jeez.
Their defense was pretty crappy too yesterday by the way.
Chris, I hate to say that.
Jason Taylor, a lot of stupid on discipline penalties.
They look like the defenses like worn out.
It's the only three games in the season.
Am I being harsh on the team?
They look like they've about had it.
Not done.
Like me, not done.
At least with these people.
861 votes on the pool.
I think we're going to do that 9.50 just to, I don't know, doesn't mean anything, but just for the hell of it.
Just out of spite.
Vote on our pool if you're pissed off about Joe Bell and Joyce Fitz and clearance a junior derro.
The Florida Democratic Party will stick with the January 29th presidential primary,
even if it means losing all its nominating convention delegates the party sourced over the weekend.
The Democratic National Committee voted last month to strip Florida of its 210 delegates
if the State Party held a primary before February 5th,
but it gave state officials until next Saturday to come up with an alternative delegate selection plan,
such as caucuses or a vote by mail primary to stay within DNC rules.
But State Party leadership has rejected that course the source said after a pool of executive committee members found
at least 75% support for the early primary.
The source spoke on the condition of anonymity because executive committee members were still being notified of the State Party's stance.
State Party chairman Kieran Thurman members of the Congressional delegation and state legislative leader scheduled a new conference for yesterday to announce their position.
On January 29th to 1.50 million for meetings if you go into the polls and that's more telling than any caucus in Iowa said that
the Democratic Party chairman Joe Garcia will be damned for it by some, but I think we're doing the right thing.
You'll be damned all right.
What this means like I told you a couple weeks ago is that when you go and vote in the primary, it won't mean anything.
There will be no delegates, but nevertheless it'll be an exercise.
It'll be something to do.
Get you out of the house.
Right? Right.
The money spent one day on the war in a red could buy a homeless from almost 6,500 families or healthcare for 423,000 children or cut out to 1.27 million homeless
with a newable electricity according to the American Friends Service Committee, which display those statistics on large banners and cities nationwide Thursday and Friday.
The war is costing $720 million each day or $500,000 a minute. That's more than I'm making.
According to the group's analysis of the work of Nobel Prize winning economist Joe Stiglitz and Harvard Public Finance lecturer Linda Blind, Bill Mead, whatever name it is.
Bill Mead, Bill Mead later.
The estimates made by the group which opposed the conflict, including not only the immediate cost of the war, but also ongoing factors such as long term healthcare for veterans, interest on debt and replacement of military hardware.
The wounded are coming home and many of them have got severe brain and spinal injuries which will require around the clock here for the rest of their lives, said Michael McConnell, Great Lakes Regional Director of the AFSC, a peace group affiliated with the Quaker Church.
The $720 million figure breaks down into $280 million a day from a workforce supplementary fund of bills passed by Congress, plus $440 million a day, an incurred but unpaid long term cost, the rape of your tax dollars.
It's a beautiful thing.
Speaking of dollars, by the way the phone is just ringing off the open. I took the phone call friends here for a while.
Oh yeah, I see. Nothing.
I'd take some more if we got them.
When you think that the audience, if we still have one with these like up and arms, say, oh geez, what are we going to do with these bills?
They just don't care.
If we had one, yeah.
If we had an audience.
$5670560, pound 560 in the Verizon singular wireless line is a fart free one to two hour coming up.
And then what is that all supposed to mean? I'll let Vubiuch from Norma Kent.
He said him this. He said the thing last night what did it do?
Just what you saw.
Yeah, they probably farted in the paper. They probably wiped their butt with it.
Pass.
I mean, what did they accomplish?
I mean, is he going to try to impress me? Is he trying to impress the audience with all this verbiage that he's putting together in the history of Farts and fart noises on radio and television and yada yada yada yada and how it's stirring and fart man?
What is that?
What I'd like to know is what is happening right now. That's what I'd like to know.
What is happening? What is the result for me, for this show, for you shleppers? What's happening?
What I would like to know.
When you'd like to know? I would.
WDQYM, hello. WDQYM, hola.
Yeah, how you doing, Il?
Okay, sir.
I was on the island survey on the road that you did recently and I was wanting to know who on the chronic soul.
WDQYM, hello.
You?
Yes.
How you doing, buddy?
Okay, sir.
This is a border slap guy. I got good news.
No, okay, good. Yeah, you're going to die this week. That's the only good news we can get from you. WDQYM, hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello. Yes.
New York is amazing.
It's awkward to judge. I can speak in New York at Columbia, but you can't play Farts out.
That's correct.
It is in the spirit of the American people exactly what they did at 1776. Don't let them tread on you.
Meaning, what, what does that mean?
That means, that means, be as independent as you can and I would succeed from the union if I were you.
Yeah, okay.
I like the 25 cents lockout better than him. WDQYM, hello.
Yeah, I have to give them the proper correct date to make them.
WDQYM, hello.
We need Don Schubert.
QYM, hello.
WDQYM, hello.
Yes.
Hi.
Me and the girls at WDQYM wanted to give a shout out to George that we love him.
And also, I called that sports guy last week, Goldberg, I don't know, for a few.
And I was talking to him about the dolphins and how much they suck.
Can I say that on the radio?
Yeah, it's up for the audience.
And I asked why we didn't take Brady Quinn instead of a fossil for a quarterback.
And he just hung up on the SDU's really angry.
It's been a happy new year to you.
Well, happy new year to you too.
Thank you.
See you, bye.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10.
I see what a good idea was to go back and take these calls again.
Brilliant.
We do have 867 boats on our very weak and marginal pole loss.
That's not too bad.
You're fired, Charlie B.
WDQYM, hello.
QYM.
WDQYM, hola.
Quorum Murphy, the next J-Bombe Store 1.
WDQYM, hello.
One of the program mail.
I was wondering if you could take...
WDQYM, hello.
You got a mail.
Yeah.
How you doing, man?
Okay, man.
I'm just cruising around right now because you...
Yeah.
Okay.
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, I'll call me, all right, sir.
Okay, sir.
Oh, bad.
You know, I'm just going over this, listening to all this B.S.
That's going on over there at the Beasley's.
Or I should call it sleevely.
It's more like the Nazi regime or something.
It's just chopping up the shell.
It's not you.
It's not you.
They don't get it.
It's just unbelievable.
Unbelievable.
But usually.
They're unbelievable.
I'm sitting here at 28 years old with these shoes since I've been here.
They've been kind of a little peon and still listening every day and as a lawyer with Snurry has to listen
and I hope that this is his, I've they He's a screwing up a show leading
the reason he was doing.
Here's the man in near I love you.
Okay, you're done.
5.
8.76 on that pool boy.
Like 1776.
Like I said, the spirit of revolution yes man.
We are going to have a nut.
I got a normal keon Popehead Gencle of what I had.
Can I?
I mean, I see it.
Pop head Tom Hagen with what I got.
Maybe I can help.
You're out, Tom.
I think that's what I'll do.
I'll play Godfather Drafts the whole one and two hour today.
Just as an act of protest.
Better side.
Yeah.
Let me say that I swear.
I'm a soul of my grandchildren.
And I will not be the one to break the peace we've made today.
It leaves it good.
Take the can of all of you.
You know, I've made a bad mistake Saturday.
See, I'm not going to tell a story on here all the way.
Maybe I should, but I won't yet.
About what I did on Saturday.
Okay.
I should have kept going.
No.
No, this is way more fun.
This is fun.
Oh, it's a thrill.
This is Shaffer in your book that you're going to write.
Oh, brother.
W.A.N. Hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Is that Robbie Benson quarterbacking for the Dolphins?
W.A.N. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes.
Can I touch the meal, please?
Neil?
Yes.
Hello.
Hello, sir.
Good afternoon, Neil.
Welcome back. Happy Junky.
We're first of all.
W.A.N. Hello.
W.A.N. Hello.
Great show is always Neil.
Yeah.
I'd like to give my condolences to Eddie.
W.A.N. Hello.
Yes. I was wondering if you had read on the air today.
The statement coming out of Maureen, McCormick's new book that Marsha had a lesbian relationship with Jan.
This is true.
And that's how it's about, boy.
W.A.N. Hello.
W.A.N. Hello.
Big paycheck.
Or it's the board nation. Big paycheck wins.
Oh, so 56 of Q.A.N.
He's got the rail.
And when I'm up in Belk and take a slap in old women with painted lips around the pole, I listen to the Neil Rogers one to two.
I mean, I listen to the Neil Rogers fair and balanced one to two hours.
You won't have very great views to the round that you've had.
I'm a self-hating, white-wing moralizer.
A meal con. That's more a holy than you.
I only have just one selfish desire.
Cruising toilets to fondle, strange, two or three boards. That is you on the floor.
I want to take a little sneaky sneaky.
When guys try to take a little sneaky.
Hope my head out for hundreds of hell.
Just a little sneaky sneaky to see if there's horror meaning.
I like sausage and Chinese meatballs.
Two, three, four.
You're my bitch and I'da ho.
I said to the guy, it's to me, I think you're part of that.
My looks may not match my very high voice.
But in a dress, I look just like in modern.
Those that impress you enough to get more.
I said seven great. You flew it for 2008.
I want to take a little sneaky.
When guys try to take a little sneaky.
I only ask you to help give it a shake.
Just a little sneaky sneaky to see if there's horror meaning.
And by the way, I deny that I'm gay.
We can do it in the toilet.
You ferry.
We can do it on the street.
You ferry.
I think it's your sexy boy.
You ferry.
Turn my go home from Richard Pink.
101 at 560 WQM.
Here's a fact from Kirk who says, Neil, please stop the calls and go back to reading bedtime stories.
Almost all the calls are the same.
Please.
Thank you.
Or you're welcome Kirk, because I shut the amount of your off.
What did I do that?
I don't know.
The first points there were like, yeah, not good, but it was acceptable.
And then when the second bunch was like, oh, the word got over the pipeline.
He's back with a calls again.
Here's the 25 cent guy again.
Here's Reverend Schmeckle again, you know.
Same misfits.
And of course, that's part of the story.
That's part of what the Joe Bell diseases here on this show.
Oh, I don't know what to tell you, Neil.
I know we can't do this and we can't do that.
No, we can't do it.
Yeah.
You can't do anything, man.
You're a loser.
You've got a loser written all over you from head to toe.
And this business about Norma and I are impossible to do business with.
It's unbelievable.
This is a company that doesn't want to live up to anything they put in a contract with anybody.
Not just with me.
They just make it up as they go along.
A Nogatuk Connecticut priest who was accused last month of sexually assaulting a teenage boy has been arrested after allegedly sought contact with the youngster.
The Reverend Robert Grant was outside his gardener St. Mary's church on Saturday when he tried to call the boy over where he was standing.
So it's in the Robert Harrison, a Nogatuk police spokesman.
Grant who formerly served St. Mary isn't St. Henry's churches, which charged with breach of peace and released on $200 bond Saturday night.
He's scheduled to appear in Waterbury Superior Court, October 3rd.
Grant tried to approach the 16-year-old boy who accused Grant of giving him wine and money in 2006.
They've changed for allowing him to inspect his foreskin, claiming that a circumcision wasn't performed at the code of the church.
And he needed to rob a healing ointment on the skin over a period of months, police said.
Ha ha ha ha.
There's a red line for you.
Sure.
I never thought of that on.
He was laid out on his second with the second of his sexual assault and risk of injury to a minor and released on $200 bond.
Grant has played an innocent and St. Mary's parishioners have defended him. His lawyer William St. John of Waterbury couldn't be reached for comment.
The Archdiocese of Hartford is placed going on administratively.
But call was placed seeking comment from a spokesman for the Archdiocese.
But so far they are mum.
895 on the survey.
We're going to make 900 recruits rest easy.
We're going for what?
We're going for whatever we can get.
925.
We have 57 minutes here, man. How come we not get 925? We already got 895.
I think 950 is doable.
And we really care about that a lot. 896. See that?
So guess who's got the money besides Bill Gates?
I don't know.
But what we've got is $300 million.
The collective net worth of America's leading plutocrats rose to $290 billion.
$1.54 trillion.
Wow.
Leverage biotitons, David Bonderman and James Coder of Texas Pacific make their first appearances on list,
along with William Conway, Daniel D. Nielo and David Rubens in a steam of Carlisle.
Blackstone, but there is Peter Peterson and Tony James also joined the 400.
Forbes 400 for the first time.
Aren't you impressed?
No.
The biggest gain of this year was Kirk McCory, a new patent is fortune by 9 to $18 billion
as shares of a ZMGM garage casino off it rose 135% over the past year.
And you know what the biggest money maker is for all the casinos and vigas?
Slots?
Right.
The very same machines that just aren't attracted much in South Florida because you've got a bunch of old farts
who are all over the age of death.
Death plus ten.
I have no life.
I mean what a slot machines have to do with like shuffleboard and majron and early bird dinners.
Right.
It's just a, it's like walking death.
Like I said, I made a good mistake by not getting off the road.
I made a good thing.
$8.98 on there.
Next time we click it, it's going to be 900.
Oh, I made a dinner job, baby.
That's the big thing.
They're all, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
You know what?
Either you have freedom of speech or you don't.
You know, either he can spew his crap.
I mean if Bush can spew his crap everyday, why can't this fashus son of a bitch do it?
Right?
Right.
Excellent point, Neil.
Thank you.
Paul Krugman in the New York Times today writes politics in black and white.
Last Thursday there was a huge march in Genealusion to protest a harsh and unequal treatment of six black students arrested in the beating of a white classmate.
Students who hung nooses to warm blacks, not to sit under a white tree were suspended for three days.
On the other hand, the students accused in the beating were initially charged with second degree attempted murder.
And one of the genes, six remains in jail, even though appeals courts avoided his conviction on the grounds that he was improperly tried as an adult.
Many press accounts to the march of a tone of amazement.
Seems like those in Genealusion, the stories seem to imply belonging in the 60s, not the 21st century,
the headline on the New York Times report protested Louisiana case echoes the civil rights era or was fairly typical.
But the reality is that things haven't changed nearly as much as people think.
Racial tension, especially in the South, has never gone away and has never stopped being important.
And race remains one of the defining factors in modern American politics.
Consider voting in last year's congressional elections.
Republicans as President Bush conceded received a thumping with almost every major demographic group turning against them.
The one big exception was Southern whites, 62% of whom voted Republican House races.
And the end of Southern white exceptionalism was about race much more than it is about moral values, religion, support for the military, other expletions sometimes offered.
There is a large statistical literature on the subject, whose conclusion is summed up by the political scientist Thomas F. Schaller in the book Whistling Past Dixie.
Despite the best efforts of Republican spin-mystries to depict American conservatism as a non-racial phenomenon, the part is an impact of racial attitudes in the South is stronger today than in the past.
Republican politicians to understand quite well the GOP's national succents since the 70s, those everything to the partisan switch of Southern whites have tacitly acknowledged this reality.
Since the days of Gerald Ford just about every Republican presidential campaign has included some symbolic literature of approval for good old-fashioned racism.
Thus Ronald Reagan to begin his political career by campaigning against California's Fair Housing Act started his 1980 campaign with a speech supporting states rights delivered just outside Philadelphia, Mississippi, where three civil rights workers were murdered.
In 2000, Mr. Bush made a pilgrimage to Bob Jones University, famed it the time for its ban on interracial dating.
And all four leading Republican candidates for the 2008 nomination have turned down an invitation to debate on minority issues scheduled later on PBS this week.
Yet if the marchers at Genie reminded us that America still hasn't fully purged itself of the poisonous legacy of slavery, it'd be wrong to suggest that the nation has made no progress.
Racism, though not God, is greatly diminished. Both opinion polls and daily experience suggest that we're truly becoming a more tolerant open society.
And the cynicism of the Southern strategy introduced by Richard Nixon, which delivered decades of political victories to Republicans' now starting to look like a trap for the GOP.
One of the truly remarkable things about the contest for the Republican nomination is the way the contenders have stubbed not just blacks, but given the GOP's modern history probably won't vote for Republican significant numbers no matter what, but Hispanics.
In July, all the major contenders refused invitation to address the National Council of La Rosa, which Mr. Bush addressed in 2000.
Univision, the Spanish language TV never had a cancel of debate schedule for September 16, because only John McCain was willing to show up.
If this sounds like a good way to ensure defeat in future elections, that's because it is. Hispanics are rapidly growing force in the electorate.
But to get to the Republican, to get the Republican nomination, candidate must appeal to the base and the base consists in large part of Southern whites who carry over to immigrants the same racial attitudes that brought them into the Republican fold to begin with.
As a result, you have the spectacle of Rudy Giuliani and Mitt Romney, pragmatist on immigration issues when they actually had government in diverse states trying to reinvent themselves as defenders of fortress America.
And both Hispanics and Asians, another growing force in electorate, are getting the message. And actually they voted overwhelmingly Democratic by 69 and 62% respectively.
In other words, it looks as if the Republican party is about to start paying a price for its history of exploiting racial antagonism. If that happens, it will be deeply ironic, but it will also be poetic justice.
And of course, for justice, you know, we need, who we need to see.
That's correct. I thought we were going to play Godfather drops on this. Why not?
Do you have a plan to me? In fact, maybe we'll just make a show out of Godfather drops.
He was beautiful. He was young. He was innocent. He was the greatest priest of As I ever had. And I've had him all over the world.
All right.
907 on the poll. You're going to make your 950 easy, Mr. Chris. And then you're going to go home after the show and just tell the universe, we did 950 on the poll today on Charlie.
He's crappy. Paul, aren't you? Oh, yeah, definitely. There's nothing going to be talking about it with the water cooler.
I think once upon a time this incident would have happened today with the farth sounds. Once upon a time there had been a big hoon cry.
But that's back in the day when we still had an audience. That's back before Giuliani Joe came and decided to like
this in ballad in their radio station. Excellent job by the way, Giuliani Joe.
What biggest name?
The best talent. He's no Roger.
410-560 QAM.
The sports leader.
Tomore Sucking, please.
I'm so popular. Like nothing you've seen before.
Excuse me. I seem father.
What is it, my child?
I have something I must tell you.
What is it, my daughter?
Oh, Father, I'm afraid to tell you.
Afraid to tell me your own father?
I fear I will be ashamed upon our family.
Nonsense. I am your father. I love you very much. You must tell me what is wrong.
You promise you will still love me?
Of course, my sweet child.
A father's love is not erased by a simple mislead.
Very well. I am.
I am pregnant.
Oh, I see.
Do you still love me, father?
Of course I do.
But since you're pregnant and not married...
Yes, father?
I'm afraid I must drag you down to the town square and with the help of my friends and neighbors, stone you today.
My daughter, it is written that this is the punishment for what you have done.
Could you check again, father?
And I should only be grounded.
No, no, no.
The grounding is not what.
It must have been stone.
It's the first ever.
The focus is on a fundamentalist, Middle East, in fact.
May I speak with you, my esteemed husband?
What is it, my wife?
Oh, I have something to tell you.
Am I listening?
I am having an affair.
Oh, right, see.
Are you going?
Oh, after the backyard, you collect some stones.
What do you mean?
Yes, I must drag you to the town square where you will of course be stone today.
You'll be miserable.
You'll be followed the lives of the fuck-knad family and they deal with the many problems that like them.
May I speak with you, my esteemed father?
Yes, my son.
You're father.
Last night I used a little drugs.
Well, what do you know?
You are one lucky boy.
Oh, what is that, father?
You are going to get stone two nights in a row.
You are one of them.
The guiding she is.
The guiding she is shot on location in Baghdad.
One step to see the 560 WQ on a really wicked Monday, maybe September 24th.
Wow.
We got 918 votes on your poll, Chris.
Aren't you responsible for this grotesque poll today?
Yes, sure, why not?
Detectives arrested Martin Moore, 42 of 3349 B-Rage Road in Sarasota Thursday afternoon.
They charged him with 10 counts of sexual battery on a child and unlawful sexual activity with a minor.
The 17-year-old victim was a teacher.
She was a told teacher.
She had been sexually involved with more since she was 13.
The teenager told authority.
She met Moore through the Youth for Christ Christian teen center where Moore worked.
Oh, right, right.
I like that.
Youth for Christ.
Maybe Jesus was a pedophile, I think.
Never know.
He sure had that real slippery look about him.
Frank Rich writes, pardon for Larry Craig.
You know, your good buddy Doug Thompson wrote the same thing.
I did nothing wrong, said, Larry Craig.
I've just started his long national night, Maris America's favorite running or perhaps sitting gag.
That's the truth.
Justice lovers of all social persuasions must run to save the Idaho Senator before his first time in the world.
Before his fourth to premature evacuated scene.
Times running out, the final reckoning may arrive this week on Wednesday.
A Minnesota Corp. Hamster Craig's argument to throw out the goodie plea submitted by mail after being caught in a June sexting in the Minneapolis Airport.
If he succeeds, as a chance he might rescind his decision to resign from the Senate September 30th,
either way he should hold tight.
Not only did the Senator do nothing wrong, but in scandal he's proved the national treasure that he never was in his salad days as a pork-seeking party hack.
In the past month he has served as an invaluable human-guider counter for hypocrisy on the left and right alike.
He's been an unexpected boon not just to the nation's double-on-ton comedy industry, but to the imploding Republican Party.
Gays, not all of them, clasped maybe among the last minority groups with some representation in increasingly monochromatic GOP.
If it is to muster even a rainbow light coalition for 2008, it could use Larry Craig in the trenches.
On the legal front, Mr. Craig is now without his semi-spirited defenders and a collective group including Arlen Specter, the ACLU, the Washington Post editorial page, and scattered Democrats.
While his widespread agreement to Mr. Craig was an idiot not to consult a lawyer before entering a guilty plea,
ABC is no more than a federal offense than hypocrisy especially in Washington.
But Mr. Craig did a men's room, isn't an offense either. He didn't have sex in a public place, he didn't expose himself, his toe tapping, hand signals, and wide stance were at most a former flirtation.
As George Willis rightly argued, if VVNC can be defined on a signaling and interest in sex, then VVNC is what goes on in 10,000 bars every Saturday night in our country.
Its free speech even if the toes and the fingers do the talking.
The Minnesota Sting Operation may well be unconstitutional as the ACLU says,
In case of a rights organization, eager to see a family of values phony like Mr. Craig brought down, have often been muted or silent on this point.
They stood idly by while Republicans gathered their lynching party, thereby short circling public debate about the legitimacy of the brand of police entrapment that took place in Minnesota.
Shortly thereafter, Fort could have hired a uniform guard to police the public restroom rather than train a cop to enact a punitive, cajafool, pantomime.
A rare gay activist to stand up forthrightly for Mr. Craig is Franklin Camini, whom the Smithsonian Institute recently honored with an exhibition documenting his lonely Washington protest for civil or gay civil rights in the pre-Stome while 1960s.
When I spoke to him last week, the 82 year old Mr. Camini said that many Americans don't seem to know how much the law has changed in recent years.
Though he's no admirer of Mr. Craig, whom he describes as a self deluding immigrant who will homophobic bigot, he publicly made the case for the senator's innocence and literally conservative website world-met data.
Ferris Fere, Mr. Camini wrote Mr. Craig, the early of no public sex act, was the victim of a false arrest in an email-feecent prosecution.
Even if he had invited the police officer to a hotel room, there still would have been no crime. The last American law is criminalizing gay sex between consenting adults were thrown out by the Supreme Court in 2003.
The hypocrisy in some quarters of the left about the Craig cases arguably outstripped by that on the right heaven knows it's been priceless to watch conservative public systems and bloggers defend their common nation of Mr. Craig in contrast to the law.
The arrest of the white stents and tolerists they've taken toward David Vitter, the inimitable senator from the big easy.
On the same day Mr. Vitter was deploying move on.org at the Patreas Crocker hearings two weeks ago, a female prostitute was holding a California press conference with Larry Flint about her alleged participation in the unspecified sins to which the senator is publicly confessed.
He was a very clean man she hopefully explained to the times picking him up in New Orleans. He came in, took a shower, did his business and would leave.
Mr. Vitter, a shrill defender of marriage still has the support of the GOP hierarchy. Many believe that the Senate minority leader Mitch McConnell and his posse tried to I miss Mr. Craig and send him packing in a single week because Idaho as a Republican governor named Butch Noah's who would appoint a Republican successor, the governor of Louisiana as the Democrat.
Others argue simply that Republican leaders are homophobes who practice a double standard for heterosexual offenders but the reality is more complicated.
As we learned in the revelations surrounding the years long cover up of the Mark Foley scandal and maybe more gaming in the Republican leadership on Capitol Hill, then there are among Democrats.
Even Rick Santorum, the now departed senator who liked and homosexuality, demand on dog sex, had a gay director communications.
Homophobia, homophilia and homophobia have been twin fixtures in the modern GOP at least since the McCarthy era heyday of Roy Cohen.
As Rick's Taffle, the former executive director of the gay law Republicans, points out this internal contradiction couldn't hold once Carl Rove and President Bush decided to demigod the issue of same sex marriage by pushing it to center stage of a national political campaign.
That means spirited and cynical election erected a photo of homophobia accelerated the outing Republicans by activists on the left.
It made gay Republicans targets Mr. Taffle told me last week stories about Craig purplated on the internet long before the airport incident.
In response, Mr. Taffle said fearful gay Republicans on the Hill have retreated deeper into the closet.
The Bush Rove strategy created the lower craigsie, said it created that man crawling around toilets.
Mr. Craig is denied being gay, perhaps so in my belief, and had he not in 1982, gratuitously proclaimed his innocence in a pre-folied paid scandal even though no one accused him of doing anything.
But whatever Mr. Craig's orientation, many closeted Republicans are in in place on Capitol Hill, easy targets for political opponents who want to expose GOP hypocrisy.
Where Mr. Craig now to keep his seat, maybe by his trial by fire would drive him to end his perennial gay bathing and become a latent proselytizer for return to a more open, live and let live Republicanism in the retro style of Barry Goldwater.
Grant that Mr. Craig has shown no leadership of any kind in his career today, but if Trent Locke can have a second chance after seeming to embrace the desecrad racialism of strong thirmin, why not the totap or from Idaho?
The GOP needs at least one minority group in its ranks if it's going to be a viable political party in the 21st century as the former Vice President of the National nominee Jack Camp asked rhetorically last week, what are we going to do meet in a country club in the suburbs one day?
His comment was prompted by the news that major Republican candidates had claimed scheduling conflicts to avoid a debate at a historically black college in Baltimore.
This was so obvious a slight that even knew Gingrich's label to candidates excuses below me and usually controversy of R.J. Lino has moved to call for the Republicans to change their minds after the debates moderator Tavis Smiley aired the issue on the night show.
The brush off of that debate followed a similar rejection by the same candidates except John McCain of a debate sponsored by a universe in the country's most watched Spanish language network.
It's only the latest insult to hispanic voters the fascist growing American minority without hispanics the GOP is doomed in swing states from Florida to Nevada.
If you have any doubts just look at the panic at the staunchly Republican Wall Street Journal editorial page it's even now started attacking its own courthouse, cohort what it calls Fox News Poppilist and obsessive bloggers for driving away once Republican Hispanic voters with over the top invective about illegal immigrants.
It will be unfair to say that the GOP is devoid of sensitivity to all minorities true Peter King the Long Island Congressman said last week that America's got too many mosques but he was balanced by Mitt Romney who set out a press release wishing the Jewish people a hearty LaShona Trova for the New Year and let no one fall the Republican presidential feel for not looking like America Alan Keys is back too.
But the last minority with at least a modicum of influence in the party's power structure seems to be causing gay men as an alternative to cruising men's rooms the least they could do is use their crop to stay the manifestly unjust execution of Larry Craig poor Larry he's a real toe tech.
Don't you feel sorry for Larry? No. Me either. I feel sorry for us. Sure. Like Don Dele reason's fatso said I feel sorry for me.
I'm not a rejects. You're trying to find sixty QAM. Me. Fourth leader. Don't be bald.
Don't you sit down. You don't have to say the Jerry's on the way on a busman holiday. Don't you sit down. So find another way to get you through the day because you won't see no guys. Why don't they know how long it's gonna take.
Now they all go and take another break. They waste our time with nothing to defend just ride the guy and bring it to an end. No use today. That's too bad for OJ. He can't defend his rage. He's locked up in his cage.
What thirty at five sixty WQAM happy Monday to happy young Kipper. That's like saying happy death. But anyway there's a lot of going out there. What do they know?
935 votes. We're gonna make the 950 easy Chris. Maybe even a thousand. No. Are you a crazy person or what? Yes. If I have to ask that well look where you're working.
Correct. Look how much. Look how much you're working for. And we need 2.2 a minute to get to a thousand and a half an hour. I mean we need 64 votes in 30 minutes. We need a 2.2. It can happen. 950. That'll please us just fine on a day like today.
We're gonna play a few fart sounds this half-harmcy of George's on his toes. All right. Keep you on your toes man. Hey just remember I can only dump things three times in a row and then the delays gone. Really? Well you know.
If you wouldn't have told me that well you should know these things because you know it's your show.
Want to bet. Joyce. Joyce. That's right. Joyce and Joe show and of course don't forget junior. Get the honey junior you idiot. You you sports nerd. You fair more on.
Former Massachusetts government. Romney was his Michigan connections to good advantage over the weekend and easily winning a straw poll of registrants to the Michigan Republican Party's
White Annual Island Conference in Mackinac Island or someone say Mackinac. I don't think Joe Bowen says holy Mackinac. Does he?
You know Joe Bowen. Holy Mackinac. This is Joe Bowen the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God won't be long now baby.
Hockey's even be starting for real pretty soon after these exhibitionist games. Then George is going to whip up and get to be a hockey fan.
That's what we need to do to get the audience back baby a lot more hockey show is let's get rimmer on here. No.
Romney and Michigan native and son of former governor pulled in there was George Romney back in the day pulled in 39% of the vote open to delegates to the conference.
The Americans were also Michigan residents Arizona. US Senator John McCain was a relatively strong second 26 and a half percent 39 for Romney 26 and a half percent for a McCain.
Texas Congressman Ron Paul who's Internet field and surgeon. I wonder if he's kind of David Paul on bailable who's Internet field and surgeons at campaign was second on the Romney's visible presence at the conference.
Finish third with 10.8% aging Rudy Giuliani only had 10.6% Fred Thompson only 7.2%. Wow the straw poll conducted by the hotline Washington DC based online political newsletter for the state EOP ran all weekend drawing 979 of the approximate 2000 party activist attendance.
All five of the top finishers spoke at the conference along with California Congressman Duncan Hunter. Three other candidates Colorado Congressman Tom Tancredo who nobody ever heard of Kansas US Nazi Senator Sam Brownback and former Arkansas governor Mike Cuckabee did not appear.
That's in Michigan ever been in Michigan. Yeah, I think so. I worked in Michigan for 12 amazing years took a bus through there a couple of times maybe Marshall Michigan Albee Michigan Sturgis Michigan.
And her Hillsdale Michigan I worked in Hillsdale for one week. This you think we got spots on here on this station yet we do and this is back in the day before we even had carts.
We had these big discs that had spots recorded on them. Rudy's funny old gizmos you have to put the disc in and you have to queue up like 85 spots and whatever song you were playing in between was just barely enough time to queue up everything for the next break.
Well, I worked there for one week and then I went to back to Albion Albion Michigan. And then Kalamazoo Kalamazoo is not a bad town college town Western Michigan.
Michigan is a good state. There's some real real Midwestern people. They're in Michigan man. It's not a bad place. I mean, it's not so thought about that again. What is 942 on the survey.
If you really didn't find a finger in your chili or dead mouse in your Cheerios, what would you do? Call a lawyer and sue 60% 566 lawsuit sounds really good. Norma file it.
Soon these bastards, okay, put the pedal to the metal, put their feet to the floor.
Lots of grave robbing BSers playing radio. They're not radio people. They're playing radio. They ought to be on death roll for impersonating broadcasters and not to do a good job of it either.
Ask for a refund or another bowl 136 scoop it out. Resume eating 60. Yeah, what's what's a mouse? Just grab it out of there and heave it. Possibly a probably die from the shock 48 milk it for all the publicity. I could 36 finger shminger.
So what I've eaten worse 34 I interpreted as an old man or assigned from God 32 and the clam up who's going to believe me about 30.
Nice place out of 942. We're going to make the 950 baby. We got it made 944 see that they're coming in a tiny chunks.
The lab time for marine doubts column. She's got a lot of people. There's always time for marine doubt. She says.
Obserious or spurious. I don't even know what are serious means. I never saw that word before my luck. The view UXORI.
Marine that says the press pilot in a repile of NRA swag bags to watch Rudy straight into the ballroom with the tough guy.
He's got a cow touted of the powerful lobby once he once land base into his extremist. Would he pull a Romney and pretend to be an avid hunter with small apartments.
Would he have an epiphany about the second amendment the way he did about the first when he blew a gasket over that pinning him but down a dog with elephant dung and reinterpret the little rights to suit his needs. The heat was on.
Fred Thompson already spoke into the group we calling pounding around with Charlton Heston shooting skeet with some good old boys from the NRA and hanging out of gunsters and gun shows.
After guns sports Moses and reference to his youngins there's only one ingredient needed for Flintstone Fred's testosterone cocktail a sexy blonde.
Introducing his wife Jerry he'd rolled I think she'd make a much better first lady than Bill Clinton.
Rudy was going to have to think fast to keep up with that. He kept it simple selling himself as the Gotham crime fighter because after all if you don't have a reasonable degree of safety you can't exercise the other rights.
Fright of free speech even your right to bear arms is all based on a reasonable degree of safety that you have to have.
It's an interesting bit of cause history I'm going to make you safe by enforcing gun laws in case you want guns to keep you safe.
Also given that he was criticized for undermining free speech at the first sign of a little dung his audience might not have been reassured.
Asked about a lawsuit initiated in New York against American handgun manufacturers Rudy said that 9-11 cast somewhat a different light on the second amendment rights.
He said that maybe it highlights the necessity for more of them. That's right more guns baby more shooting more guns.
What exactly is that different light you need some assault weapons to shoot the terrorists planting dirty bombs beneath your tulips.
In the end no one was deconstructing Rudy's swarving stance because they were too busy of assessing on a strange interlude with his cell.
Right in the middle of a disquisition about legal decision underscoring the doctrine that a person's home is their castle the terror crown Queen of Rudy's castle called.
Hello dear he said with his toothy grin. To the amazement of the audience he interrupted his speech to have a lovely w chat with Judy who was about to get on a plane back from London.
After telling her that he was talking to the NRA a big speech that you imagine she'd know about and not want to interrupt he asked if she wanted to give a shout out to the gun lovers and then pause while she spoke to him.
After saying I love you twice and signing off with another deer he drove to the audience that he would have been in trouble if he hadn't taken the call.
Noting that this is one of the great blessings of the modern age being always available or maybe this is not not sure he said.
It almost made Bill and Hillary seem like a model of normalcy almost.
The odd interval triggered a huge lot of analysis was a creepy cute stage spontaneous rude awkwarded down right weird.
Shouldn't Rudy have left the phone with an aether silenced it? Was this a harbinger that President Rudy would interrupt another important stuff to talk to Judy in the White House.
A husband and a jet goes crazy okay more crazy would Rudy be focused like a laser or would he take a call from Judy but whether she could redecorate Air Force 1 and Louis Vuitton.
First the Times Mark Santura noted that it wasn't the first time Rudy interrupted an appearance to take a call from his princess bride as Vanity Ferris dubbed her.
He did the same thing in June the Haya Lea with more mushy talk during a rally.
This suggests either that Friday's call was staged to humanize the dictatorial former mayor or that Judy Rudy is afraid of Judy's digital wrath or that the candidate is still struggling with how to integrate his third wife into his campaign after her puppet killing husband hiding cabinet sitting rough start.
The episode also provided ammunition to Mitt Romney's camp would sense the chance to highlight their candidates scary perfect wife and scary perfect kids.
They found video of the first cellist interruptus and sent reporters links to you.
Cups of both calls on CNN Carol Castello, Grille de NRA's Wayne Lee, a lot of year about the conjugal intermission at first he called it a lighthearted moment but then considered he founded odd.
I don't know that I have a cell phone in my pocket during a speech he said who knows it might be a valuable lesson for Rudy that guns and marriage don't mix says your friend Marie McQueen.
The off-mallined Marie McQueen.
950 to go we made the 950 Chris what are you thinking? I'm thinking we made 950.
I'm thinking we got 952 and if we really push we might make even like 960.
We've been love's Neil Rogers.
We've been love's Neil Rogers.
957 votes that are award-winning Charlie B. Poll about crap in your food man.
The song the tune that goes to the tune of the song you know what it is.
The U.S.S.A. in your shirt overlaid on a shore with the down a shore show theme.
100 years ago Fannie Rose whatever her name was she was Jewish and she was so mortified.
She had that southern draw you know she come on like this real southern guy and the holding all her life and then when she was on this is your life with her out of the words they gave her real name out and pointed to was Jewish.
Oh Jesus so bad.
And then she died.
Here's Ahmed Yiddahjad on her he's not Jewish.
See the U.S.A.
Is that it?
No.
What is that?
It's down a shore.
It's down a good duel a menchikaboo a bibbubba.
I can hear you guys sleep party.
Can't play part sound the other.
Yeah.
There's all these there just openings in there baking to be closed.
So let's go all the way.
Oh no let's not.
96e on the survey if we wouldn't have had all that harbor on killing.
So anyway on Apple Paymed outy she was like pie is that what that was?
Yep.
I just love that.
I don't know what it is but I love it.
It sounds like a real high fructose.
At any rate so I'm looking on here to what's the response you think I've gotten through all of this after all the is self-agreting.
And I think normal can't read the email and read the letter all nothing.
Zipity.
Zipity, do does.
Zipity A nothing.
Zero.
What do you make of that?
Nothing.
You might be impatient.
Well you usually are but whatever.
You don't think there should be some kind of response in this particular case?
Yeah maybe there should be something but I don't know.
Maybe they're waiting for you to get off the air so that everybody can call you all at once.
You know no one knows all these.
Guess what.
Oh Joe Bell.
The chances of my answering the phone when Joe Bell is calling on, he hung up on me before.
See, I didn't realize it because as you probably know on your cell phones, especially on Blackberry,
you can be in the middle of a call and then get disconnected. Sure.
And it happens, you know, not a lot, but once in a while.
And I thought to myself, he just hung up on me, you know, and he did.
When I said, you know, if he'd keep working on it, maybe he'd get us down to a one-shear and then I heard silence and silence.
Oh, you're impossible to deal with me. Nobody can talk to you.
Yeah, you can talk to me if you speak the language. I speak a radio language.
You know, I have something to do with broadcasting with this show, with how to do it, what we need, what we're doing, what's going on, what life is all about.
You don't speak the same language as me, Joe. And you never will.
You're a country bumpkin, baby, with your Raleigh connection, you bring all your boyfriends down from Raleigh, Fire and a Miguel, and anybody you can just stick all your cronies in there.
And you know what? It's still like it to work.
Because you'll sure as hell needed. Bob Herbert in the Times today writes, or what's the day today, 20th on Saturday wrote.
And this is scary. In 2008, Bush versus Gore Redux, question mark.
Right now, it's just a petition rather on its way to becoming a ballot initiative in California.
But you should think of this as a tropical depression that could develop into a major storm that blows away the Democrat chances of winning the White House next year.
And it could become a constitutional crisis.
It's panic time in Republican circles. The GOP could go out of next year's election, burdened by the twin demons of an unpopular war and economic downturn.
The party that took the White House in 2000, while losing the popular vote, figures it may have to do it again.
The presidential election reform act is the name of a devious proposal that Republican operatives have dreamed up to siphon off 20 or more of the 55 electoral votes that the Democrats will get as if expected they win California 2008.
That's a lot of electoral votes, the equivalent of winning the state of Ohio.
If this proposed change makes it out of the ballot and becomes law, those 20 or so electoral votes could well be enough to hand the White House to a Republican candidate who loses the popular vote nationwide.
Even Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, Republicans suggest the initiative is a form of dirty pool.
While not explicitly opposing it, Mr. Schwarzenegger said the max of changing the rules in the middle of the game, Democrats are saying it is unconstitutional.
Let me say it again. Unconstitutional.
The proposal would rewrite the rules for the distribution of electoral votes in California under current law, all of California's 55 electoral votes go to the presidential candidate who wins the popular vote state wide, that winner take all system is the norm in the U.S.
Under the proposed change, electoral votes would be a portion according to the winner of the popular vote in each of California's congressional districts, that would likely throw 20 or more electoral votes to the Republican candidate even if the Democrat carries the state.
Assigned to the bad faith in this proposal is the fact that there were no similar efforts by the GOP to a portion of electoral votes, not congressional districts for, in example, Texas, a state with 34 electoral votes that's likely to be Republican next year.
Long time of servers in California believe the proponents of this change, lawyers with close ties to the Republican Party statewide and nationally will have no trouble collecting the signatures to get them on the ballot in June.
The first poll taken on the measure, which isn't yet widely understood by voters, show that it would pass.
Lawrence Tribe, a Harvard Law Professor, one of the nation's PM and a constitutional scholars believes the initiative is blatantly unconstitutional.
And, entirely apart from the politics, he said, this clearly violates article through the Constitution, which very explicitly requires that the electors of, for president, be selected in such a manner as the legislature of the state directs.
In Mr. Tribe's view, the one and only way for California to change the manner which its electoral votes are a portion is through an act of the state legislature.
Professor Tribe is not a disinterested party. He represented Al Gore in the disputed 2000 presidential election, and not all Constitutional experts agree that this would be such an easy call.
This is not an open and short case that Richard Pildes, a professor at NYU School of Law.
What is undisputed is that the Democrats will mod a ferocious legal challenge if the ballot mission passes, maybe even before it has a chance to pass the Democratic source of yesterday, thus opening the order to an ugly constitutional fight reminiscent of Bush versus Gore in 2000.
The potential for trouble in the event of a close election is huge.
Said Professor Tribe, this is really a prescription for a possible constitutional crisis in which we have one president of California Electors act in accordance with the methods set up by the state legislature, and another president of the electors that abide according to this ballot initiative.
The operatives behind the initiative are our experts in causing trouble.
The effort is being led by Thomas Hiltax, a lawyer who was one of the lawyers of the successful effort to recall California Governor Gray Davis in 2003.
Politics isn't just hardballed with this crowd, it's almost literally a fight to the death.
The proponents of the initiative understand completely that a constitutional crisis could damage the nation's democratic process and undermine the legitimacy of a presidential election.
In their view, that's preferable to a Republican defeat.
California voters would be doing themselves an elimination of favor by soundly defeating this poisonous initiative if it makes it onto the ballot in June since Bob Herbert in the New York Times over the weekend.
I like that by hooker by crook. Well, the last two by crook, so why not try to do it again?
If it first you can't succeed, steal, steal again.
So what's the story are we coming back tomorrow? Let me check the hotmail. There might be a really something really hot off the press.
You're going to like, faxes, e-mailing. I do not know. Nothing new.
You could take a look at my hotmail and see nothing there. I'm looking on the fax machine. I have nothing of course that would be coming from you anyway.
So what does that say? It says nothing.
960-year-old on your pool, by the way, like I said, if it wouldn't have been for all the fall to rob of the fart sounds, we'd have passed 1,000 easy today, even with the Charlie B's very mediocre and embarrassing and humiliating pool.
So your thoughts are this. You think that at 2 o'clock or shortly thereafter my phone is going to start ringing. It's going to be this one and that one and Norma and the...
Yeah, at least Norma.
Yeah, oh, you think Norma's going to call me a two?
I think what?
To be able to put word in the word, you say we're going to impress by all that, I wrote.
See here, the stuff that I didn't bother reading on here, the 85 million words about the history of farting on radio and TV and commercials and stuff like that.
You know, he sent that last night and you saw the tremendous impact that had on corporate, didn't you?
So that it'll be 11 after 11, I get a phone call from Jolly Jo Bell, right in the middle of my show saying, oh, corporate doesn't want you to play this fart, so how are you, Neil? How are you?
I should have said I was pretty good to the phone rang, Schmuck.
Puts. Schmeckle.
Kym Michael.
But nevertheless, you know, there's an old saying that I'd like a lot, where there's no sense, there's no feeling.
You ever hear that?
Sure.
All the time.
It's kind of like the expression talking to a rock.
And that's what you're doing when you're dealing with him.
You're talking a foreign language.
Oh, radio, what's the language?
Talk radio, what's that?
How do I know about that?
Well, we know that.
So I guess we come back tomorrow, is that correct?
So far?
Well, I have to.
Yeah.
One way or another.
Mosque 11, is that what you're saying?
Oh, yeah.
You know.
9.69 on Arabic, Chris feels really bad.
We didn't push for those other 31 votes.
Don't you fancy or feel real bad?
Yeah, don't.
We start burning down.
There's no logic.
4.25.
6.9.
Q.A.M.
The sports leader.
Stay!
If I have the talent.
Uh-huh.
And 560 WQ.A.M.
That's what you mean.
I'm dying out of here.
Huh?
Anybody here?
Seen Jack gave Vermont.
Here his orange comes soon and for dawn.
These brutal lot of people, the thieves sometimes get caught.
I got it for writing, you come.
Anybody here?
Seen good question, Dots.
They'll dig all around your town.
He's not just thinking of you, but should be for his dawn.
Taking a look at you.
You're fair.
Avers and eyes is what the White House is capable of.
Or it's Christians who know what's best.
Or you with me.
Aver of all might be.
He was in some people.
In other words, do we have anybody here?
Please say in town to lady.
For this shelter, I'll talk to hoys.
These kind of signs, they've longed, can't pay why.
Aver of all doubt, since they've come.
Bye bye bye!
Bye!
