Why are you fast?
Yeah, all you folks who poo and those of you who don't
We're sure jealous about that. I'll tell you
Tell one at five sixty. There's Richard Quest with the eighty five teeth. Oh my god
He's enough to make you let's have the revolutionary. We're all over again
Let's forget about Iraq. Let's send all the troops to Britain and bomb those bloody Brits
Bastards
Anyway, we got all the stuff going on today. So are you gonna take care of that? We get that because you know
We have the money on these pages on here. It's like they're my job done and soon it'll be there
What do you mean by better Rick is gonna do it?
Well, he's the one that has to do it. Yeah, he's got the power
To take a shot. I do that to the the page you were talking about is the Neil Rogers dot com page right? Yes
Yeah, because obviously a lot more people see that that then are on my space page and look at those comments and stuff like that and
The kid with a t-shirt that's his I got but
Something that never let it'll be done by the first brain. Oh, I got was a crappy t-shirt
But yes, pretty Quinn and they're just clowning around you know with a couple young guys there in a gutty chain each other's hands on each other's
Basket I just I don't know. I mean
Coming around is one thing but that looks kind of serious to me
And there were all those rumors you know about Brady and then there was that pasty looking blog girlfriend
Which believed me if he was a they had a sexual bent he would be doing a lot better than that
She just the beard, you know, but maybe she's a guy
So we got the ratings coming out in a second. We got a great call to start
mentally now and
Then we got Dave Johnson calling you a lover of clients with our Derby preview. You know what I did
I did a minimum of homework on the Derby this time. Okay, no, I really did because it's what's the point?
It's not a fair list. There's 20 horses. It's like I it's like well
And when I was in Amsterdam because the BBC is on lot there's only stations when you're in Europe that's the only
Only thing I would say is kind of a letdown is TV
Although in Amsterdam they do have a lot of shows in English with duck subtitles
You know, and they just leave the English audio. Thank God. Oh, you know stuff
But the BBC was showing the horse races I think on the weekend
As I came in the hotel to relax for a little oxygen in between my activities at any rate and
They have all these Dave and I've talked about it before they have these that they come is it what is this people's
Traces that was the hurdles or is that yes actually I know that and the bricks are very big on that and that's right
And it's just unbelievable
Yeah, like the one hurdle like six horses get wiped out to go falling all over each other in a jockey's go flying in the air
And it's like oh, well, they'll be lost four and six and 18 on that hurdle there and they just keep
Gallop in the long like nothing happened, you know while we only had a destroy three today
Just barbarians. That's what they are the brits
Maybe that's why they have those rotten nasty teeth. Oh look at that Queen Elizabeth visiting James town shortly
Don't anybody touch the Queen. I'd forgotten I had read I had heard that before and then forgot about it
Because I don't pay any much attention to that particular Queen. Well, who'd what's the Queen? I'm a good partner
Who would want to want to touch that bitch?
You know, I remember reading the book The Royals by Kitty Kelly
That was really a very funny book and just ripped the royal family
That's why I found out that their name was Battenberg and they were really a bunch of Nazis. I mean Germans and
And
The comment was Prince Philip was getting really exasperated because he couldn't keep the old bitch the Queen out of his bed
They obviously have separate maybe even separate bedrooms. I don't know because you know
It's the royal family and everything has to be prim and proper and God forbid they should like, you know
Do stuff like that, but anyway, she he couldn't keep the O'Hornier old Queen out of his bed
Well, I know something about being a horny old queen
Believe me wow at any rate rich or question shame
Put this into contact. Oh, she's I mean he needs to be taken out right now
I don't mean like taking out for a walk like a dog. I mean just
Taking out Jesus God
Well before we get to ratings and Dave Johnson and our Derby preview and another great call here Q.A.M. Hello
Q.A.M.
No shaw again, huh?
Rose still wearing options very jackass writes in the hairless morning and it was a Chris who you know, I got a
email yesterday in my space from some guy who's obsessed with Chris. He said he went he voted at work and then he ran home and voted in the
Well, whatever he voted twice on the polls. We get our 1600 yesterday. So I did it for Chris. Does that make you feel good?
Kind of scares me though now you're not scared of a craggy old-looking guy probably another queen
Barry jackass says Jimmy syphilis has decided his broadcasting future, but his buddy and former dolphins radio partner Joe Rose
apparently is still mulling his
Suffolored that dolphins radio play by play voice are you kidding me confirmed this week?
He'll leave channel Tim on his contract expires in September
Rose mean while was offered a three-year contract extension to remain
790 to tickets morning host but was given a deadline within next couple of weeks Q.A.M.s got interest in Rose
But isn't allowed to contact him till his contract expires September 1
Rose declined to comment, but his agent Ralph Stringer said Rose hadn't made a decision as of yesterday afternoon
Says Barry jackass because Rose does not have an on-compete clause
He would be allowed hypothetically to leave 790 on September 1 and go to work elsewhere like Q.A.M. the next day
Nobody would be surprised to throw stays at 790 says Barry though the dolphins are moving from the ticket to Q.A.M
Rose probably would not well won't have an opportunity continue working as the analyst on the game broadcast
The dolphins a Q.A.M. initially discussed having Rose joined several and managed in a three-man booth
But now there's a feeling internally three voices on a radio broadcast is one too many
Uno
Tomas how do you say two
Too many yet one too many then I see out of oh wow
We'll be on my capacity
So wqm with dolphin offered to Rose like to include a regular talk show plus a rule on dolphin pregame repost game programming
But probably not a rule on game broadcast unless the dolphin change their thinking on three-man booth
Which is possible says Barry the fairy rose the former dolphins tight end intense remained with sports catcher NBC six
Sephelo mean walk it up continued to a channel 10 beyond this contract
But never having desire to do so hired as wplg leads force caster 93 the former dolphins receiver reduced his TV duties to Sunday and Monday nights
After landing the dolphins gig Helancher's final plg broadcast in September my wine business is growing
And it's where my time needs to be spent syphilose said my loyalty is to the dolphins and wqam
syphilore mean the voices of the offense on the radio hey Jimmy do fairy
Channel tend to climb to come in on several as departure, but I'll raise decided to make will man
So it leads forks anchor after miss syphilose leaves
former dolphin receiver oj mcduffy will give up his midday talk show on the ticket last summer where he had a oh point oh
Met with qm officials in the past week appeared on air Monday's been considered for a role. Oh my god. I hope it's just a jelly roll
Wow
And get very this is this is really amazing this stuff qa m likely needs to add the least one
Our air for on air first now the not only for dolphin pregame or postgame shows
But also they handle some evening talk shows after they expected departure of the marlins after the season and the panthers the panthers
With the panthers were likely changing stations possibly to the ticket play by playman Steve gildstein
He also had value as a talk show bury says host probably couldn't continue doing shows for qm long
To get that voice off the air q on initially try to have any k appearing only after marlins games and other slots
But as decided to resume wearing his light night show every weeknight one change from past years cappan goes off their 1 a m not to
And it goes on about the number of female sports cashers doubled from 1 to 2 with the Jill Martin returning
Andrea Brody about a beep to anybody cares
Uh, and then something about Keith Overman. Oh, geez
And Bob ever saw did this and this one did that and Keisha and Johnson
And
Beginning Monday ESPN 2 signature morning show will change its name from cold pizza to first take and
Relocate from the arc to ESPN's Bristol Connecticut studios a bonus very says we can now watch Stephen A Smith argue with colleagues in high definition
Well won't that be something to watch Stephen A Smith argue with colleagues in high death
I'm sure George will be tuned in will be glued what to say so that's very safe on all the stuff and the facts machine is going out
Did you just send me something here? Yes, oh
The rating is this the ratings yes, oh
Oh, be still my aching heart. They're bad. I'm told
Are they really that's what I heard what a surprise not big
Is number one overall him in 2554 wow from fourth and number one and this is before they put the ramen ancient Paul on 40 hours
Today 6.4 for big WBGG
Wow CNQFM no speaking English. They're still second power. It would look at the jump they made from
12 to third 5.2 for power radio rhythm. Oh, this is really heavy ethnic radio rhythm. Oh 6 to 4 hot 105 from a second
They dropped a fifth radio on more all the ethnics all the time from first down to a time for six love 94 from
7 to 6 and the coast from 370 to a 40 that's the top 8 overall the whole week
Really bad well that's no surprise WS DJ no speaking English 3.8 WEDR
WIOD 26 up to a 3 3 in overall in a week
Number 11 from 14 to 11. I'm still looking for a oh no
Oh no
Do you see that? Why don't they roll in the machine there went from a tie for 19 to 15 for the 2.8 and QA from a 3 3 from 11 to a tie for 18
2 5 they kicked our ass. Oh no
The ticket then I can hear Joel right now
Yeah, you can ask all right your number 15 wow. I'd be pretty excited about that. We're number 18 overall
That's the whole station Monday through Sunday 6 am to midnight. Wow
How does graceful?
Scare America went from a 2 6 down to a 1 8 radio mom beat from 25 to 24th. They're making a really big move
Uh look at that. There's a station called WTPS. They used to be I worked there
I managed that station in Kalamazoo in port is Michigan
1968 and 9 and the callers disappeared because it became WB UK country buck and now there's a WTPS
Which nobody knows what it is. Do we know what's it's an AM?
Can you believe that? What and by the way WFTL 850 that's uh, oh my god. That's the what's his name?
Man cow station they got a 0.3 overall during the week
Hey man man at man cows sure doing it isn't he just like we are hey listen we're nobody to talk
The ticket kicked our ass. Oh man. You can just eat Joel Fienberg over there high-fiving. Hey Joel
You want to stay here man. Hey Joel. I hate you by the way Joel. He hates you. Which is you would die a wicked death
So that's not a very good not very a spikatory start
That was in uh
Network Hughes that I remember that narrator with the deep voice. Yes
And it was not that the debut of the Howard Beale show was not a spikatory or something like that
Morning this man. Oh, let's do the break first and when we come back then we'll do the breakdown these day parks
And I think probably breakdown is the word
Friday you
West is
Available now and in a cold sirees on jay
Me
That me
Food husband oh
A lot of money me eat husband
Death married work head
Cute sex is fun baby pretty me
Pills and in the cold sirees on tape me no feel good
Oh, yeah, me no feel good 10 16 at 5 60 WQ I mean you can say that again me no feel good yeah
I'm gonna keep my guts out
Let's take a look at that schedule before we get into these numbers dig right into these ratings
Of course you can't complain about ratings on this station because we don't have any but anyway
I'll power our old mad dog at two you have to power our with hankin a mad dog four to five
Well the Humper's gonna be on today. Wow. That's what it says here. Although I don't know
Because then it says 80k from Vegas five to six thirty because the hopper is in alluville
Now marlins on decades six thirty marlins against to the pie race right here in town
No less well not here in town, but they're in town
705 and then game night with Craig Mish follows the Marlin game to the marlins actually in play us today. So that's good
Men 25 to 54. This is our bread and butter release to use to be let's take a look at these stellar numbers
Number one is big wow now what did they put run an ancient Paul on there for a million hours?
They had a 7.6 there number one which says a lot about the market
In the morning WX DJ is number two
WHQT how one oh five oh and the brand it tells me that WTPS and L
Sharkton station where they have I don't know a lot of angry dark folks
Top 105 number three in the morning
Aradio Amor dropped from first to fourth oh
7290 about 4.9 share cnq FM FAM a
49 to a 41 there's still number five
Power 96 look at look at the jump they made over at power. I must be the Greg Reuter factor
two
42 will four one from time for 14 to fifth in the morning a power 96
An audio rhythm. Oh is fifth of the coast is six this is men 25 54 you show me a guy no sense to
The coast through ferry WEDR dropped from six to nine for they seem to be fading aren't they WEDR?
And they always amend they were way up there right away
life
WLIF the music of your life slush is 10th and then Waxi in the morning is number 10 tied for 10th with a three point
Look at that they went from a two five up to a three point. Oh, first that's Joe Rose who probably is coming over here
We hope don't don't stay over there Joe. They hate to the he hates their Joel Fember like poison won't get no better
What did I tell you was the straw that broke the camel's back when they let Joe Rose go in this joint?
Did I tell you that yeah, but it was worth it because we had to get Howard over here
Oh, I forgot about that. Don't don't don't let's see and but now their number 10 tied in the morning
Waxi with a three point oh what of our guys got all work
We're number 21 with a two two. Oh boy wouldn't Kimba look cute with a two two one
From a two four down to a two two
dropping like a boulder from the top of the Empire State Building
Wow and speaking of dropping look at us here midday. We're I think this is a record in my memory
The record low. I don't remember ever seeing a number that low. No ever. We're tied for seventh though
We're way above everybody else on this station is all I can tell you and we'd be to craft out of the guys across the street
This is the one day part where we can continue to prevail although with the very embarrassing number last
10 to three we had a six point two we were second and then
The 10 to two we got the number one right?
Right, do we get numbered huh? No, we got number one. Yeah, yeah, we did yes with the breakdown. Yes
Here from 10 to three we got a three point seven. We're tied for seven. So that means we got a four
I don't know probably less than four because the three one follows us. So it's not going to go up that much
For something four one four two pass audio did more so we'll be in the top five six something whatever we got not good
Not good not on this not on this show
That's a pretty Paul two number but you know something you have you have to look at what's around you man
That two two in the morning that's just sure leaves me cold and oh shivery. You blame those guys
What is it said how's it going?
afternoons
Big oh big is just kick an ass who was number one? Oh cmqf and midday
No speaking English iE and big boy big is just going crazy
It's a good thing they made all those changes though. You know they were kicking ass and now they were running Paul being on there 100 hours a day
Uh, they'll probably screw it all up. That's what radio people do the best
That's what management does the best they screw it all up and look at what great great job they've done here
Big number one with a six eight in the afternoon boy must have a lot of wired diaries over there
Radio on more is number two dropping from number one dropping from an eight six to a five point eight
Power from eighth to third power 96 had a big book. Well, that'll make somebody in the building happy. They're running around proud as a peacock
And when they see the qm members are going to be going oh
Radio ritmo
37 to a four six there up to fourth love 94 is fifth love 94 cmqf ma number six iod three one to a three eight
That's the ischmitmeister right in the afternoon. Okay three to seven and then waxy from a two point eight to a three point eight
The love bastard guy oh brother from 17th to a time for seventh
kicked our ass
Of the coast three point six hdr is three three audio swabby three point one and wq a minute afternoon at least we're consistent from a three point one
In the fault of a three point one in the ointer from time for 12th to time for 11th. Oh, we moved up a slot
So a labaster had three eight and we had a three one
Not good
But you can't tell these bastards anything because their experts i.n.z
The
Scar America went from a three point four into fall to a two point three in a winter book
They dropped like a rock they just faded fast
Wtps at a one point two. Oh, what about in the morning the man cow. We haven't looked at that yet
Because people keep asking oh, he's gonna be a factor isn't he? Yeah, he's got an old point something
Guarantee that if he shows it all let's see wf to you. Well, that's how he's consistent and it was just a fall book
He had a point three and in the winter book. He's got a point three man cow. He is really a factor not
So where did our audience go? I mean we had a three seven. What do they have across the street at two point three
So we kicked I mean we had a four something ten to two so we kicked them double you know their number
But all the other day parts it looks to me like they just cleaned our clock
So to speak
That's pretty embarrassing isn't it?
And didn't I predict it didn't I tell you we were going down baby. We're going down
You could smell it. You could feel it. You could taste it. It was uh, you know palpable whatever the hell that means
The stench of Kalmanor but now that we got the dolphins back right
Huh? Yeah, let's actually have an impact on that
Here's the apple from yesterday. We did over 1600 votes during the show at least
We're still holding a little something there not you know
I'm not saying we're kicking ass, but we have a little something in fact just for all time sake
Let's play this for the last time
Not
Yeah, cuz I don't think we'll ever play that again not the way things are going in this joint
That's it. What's your favorite theme song from a 70s TV sitcom?
We asked yesterday and we had 1746 votes
It writes back in the middle of a week and may wow
By the way, I'll uh, sync with a mile tomorrow. I'll sync with a mile speaking of our real celebration sleep at it
Your favorite theme song from a 70s TV sitcom mash edged out all in the family. This was a tight debattled
197 for mash 191 for all in the family
Welcome back caught a 151 the Jefferson's 138 Sanford and the Sun 135 W. Crap and Cincinnati 131
Maybe we ought to change our colors to W. Crap
Good times 95. I love that song good times George Hacen. That's part of the reason they hate George
Right for any middle of 77 taxi 65. I got a pounding headache now from reading those numbers. That'll blame you
I kind of nauseous myself
Happy day 64 hour remember those
The Murray talent Moore show 45 the odd couple 41 the love boat 35. We have to say right the love boat
Beverly Hill believes 32 the Parkridge family 31 greatest American hero head
These company 27 Chico and a man 27 the Brady Bunch 26 different strokes 25
Maude 24 green acres 23 Dufsen has your 22 LeVernin surely 21 soap
17 get smart 15 one day the time 15 the Bob Newhart show 15 Alice had 11 room true to 222 to many numbers room
222 had nine. That's like the morning show with a 22 oh
Nine for room 222 Maude had four
Ah as somebody said we have Maude on here twice and we do Maude's got 24 on the top and nine from four more here
Someone had 28 big deal
fax a life three Benson's tree and Rhoda had only one
Rhoda as in Rhoda dendron
Well, isn't that special huh?
I'm sure it's special
In fact, I'm ready to pick up look at this the whole button. I just knocked the uh. Yeah, I can't put my bacon order. Would you there Chris?
I just discovered a great new diet. Yeah
Let me hit that whole button. Yeah
Now I know the thing popped off because I got I'm so animated here after seeing those numbers
I knew they were gonna be bad enough clearance was into this morning saying oh they might not be so bad
And I said are you who are you kidding man? Who are you kidding you idiot? You fair, you know
Trying to talk himself into it. You can't talk yourself in a number as clarity either godamer
You don't we had those people by the neck
We had them on the verge of extinction across the street. They were on the way out
And we just we opened up the door. We said hey, come on back in baby. Here it is
Let's just put it right in your hand
I'm 18 I'm excited
And like
Don't share what summer
Sir
It's my
Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. Farn, Mr. F
Good day to him.
Don't that's his that on the right that's pretty I told him so he got a better one
What I
Suggested a different caption he discovered a funny or one
When you stop interrupting Jesus no wonder people hate you like poison who does
Brady Quinn scores a touch down down there. I guess is what I mean as God Brady is on the right there
And I picture and he's got these two other young guys there and they're touching each other's
parts
I don't know what that is. I do know what that is okay. It's yay is that's what it is
But he's got a big smile on his face which means he's either just fun and around or he's having a hell of a good time or both
I don't know maybe he's enjoying it
So I guess you're
Chris didn't go and you didn't go last night amid nights a C spider-man 3 huh?
No, I'll go this weekend
What are you eating now? This is celebratory meal bacon. It's a compilation meal during this next break
I'm gonna make some more to celebrate those ratings. What did I tell you?
I can't complain about our ratings because we don't have any
They whipped and every sports I know about night. I didn't even look after we got to like three to seven
I stopped I told you don't send anymore and I can't take no more. I don't want to see it
Although I do have the nighttime. Let's see
I'm praising didn't print out
In fact, maybe that's an omen the nighttime that they had a two-forward night across the street. They were 15 and
What did we have we're in the top 500 or?
Where are we?
Oh, we love the panthers look at what we had at night in his last in the winner book
From a 2.5 in the fall at night, which we never do well at night anyway because we put a lot of garbage on
But in the winner we had a 0.7. Oh baby
I
0.7
What's your point?
My point is I'm throwing up a little in my throat is what I'm doing
Who could have ever believed WQA and we used to be great. Hello. Hi Neil. How you doing there? Okay, sir
All right real quick. You were talking about the ratings and big 1059 and all that nonsense
Yeah, I actually called them and I told them that since they extended fallen runs hours
That'll be two more hours that I won't be listening to 105.9 good and
You know what I'd love to get a book
So I could just think you guys in there for every day. I listen to you all the time and
Well, you know you enjoy when you're not around and to hell with Paul and Ron. I just don't need him
Yeah, me either
What's your first one?
Your first time it's exactly it's just neurotic for a petition. I guess okay, pal. Thanks. Thank you
One of our friends. We got one left there. Good guy. He loves us a lot of other people used to love us
But not no more we used to be great. We used to be loved. We used to feel the love and now we feel like
Ventum is that one jackass? I can't I never forget that as long as I live feel the Ventum
Did we ever do the pool? I didn't do the pool. I don't know look at the Spider-Man 3 momentarily
All right, Dave Johnson a little more that Kentucky Derby stuff
I started to say before I didn't do really I did a little homework. I read a couple articles and whatever and then I
Pick the couple horses that I like. I just like that one name no business like showbindness
Showbindness we used to be in showbindness remember we used to be in radio. No, what about nine ten years?
I was good. Okay, that's what I said
783 votes on the pool so far today. We got a thousand made Chris
It's good that we at least get a thousand votes. It means it all our people vote four times then
My spouse girlfriend or boyfriend is smoking hot 220. I ain't got nobody 200. I ain't got nobody
Oh, we're so lonely here at QA
Used to be hot but not so much anymore 146 more like Luke warm now. I guess ooh used to be hot but
Just okay 98
Well, wait, what's that? Of course I didn't invent this pool somebody over there at the university Dodge
One of Kimba's boyfriend's probably invented this and so I slack that baby on there in a pool too
Just okay 98. Well, nothing wrong with looking just okay. I wouldn't mind looking just okay and as opposed to this
Okay, too fat 68 average looking 26
Well average looking like like George's average looking, you know, not great not bad. Just average kind of like a non-descript
Obvious in 14 and two skinny 11. Well, that's bad. My spouse girlfriend and boyfriend is ugly as in
14 well, maybe they have some other redeeming qualities, you know, like maybe they smell real nice or maybe they're very
considerate and kind and loving and or maybe it's just you know they can't do no better. I don't know
That's what it is on the first 783
Spidey fans packed South Florida theaters after midnight
Spider-Man 3 open for a special midnight previews. Yeah, yesterday
It sold out movie theaters and coconut grove. I'm in sure for loaded on Miami Beach and dozens of other cities
The Cobb Dolphin Cinnamon West dates started showing the film about every half hour since midnight and it's continuing to run through Saturday morning
We'll cut back to every hour. Oh, you know what movie is on? I should turn it on right now inapolis
And you know who's inapolis looking really good. No, I don't know James Franco. Oh
He's he's like a human comedian. He you ever know anybody like that? Yes
There are people in show business depending on how much I guess drugs they've been doing in between the last film or whatever
But they look really great one time and then they look really I don't know like not so great the next time
James Franco looking really good inapolis
And I think he's running around naked in part of that movie. I've seen it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. I've speaking of
Spider-Man now he's in Spider-Man 3, right? Yes, well good. Thank God the much anticipated movie opens nationwide today
But here's what some sneak peak viewers thought early this morning is they were leaving the regal cinema on Lincoln Road and I mean beach and of course on
City calls here they were doing the same thing this morning. They were interviewing people who've seen last night
Did it the same thing all over the place?
On a ten point and why you know why would you want to go at midnight to see me?
Is it really that exciting? Well, what would be the reason I had no lie?
On a ten point scale how does Spider-Man 3 rate and why go to the midnight showing that was what the accident herald George
Gene Miami Beach give it a nine the other ones were a ten this one was just missing something I worked late
I got out of working came here said Jorge. I guess that's George John Jorge John or whatever it is
J. Del Rio of Miami Beach gives it a ten. It was awesome. Everything about it awesome. I had to catch the catch the first
What does it mean? I had to catch the fruit. I'm gonna have anything to do with it
It means Stephanie Hernandez Miami Beach gave it a nine
I like that there were more villains than before said Stephanie Sydney brass senior
Dave Miami date country day gave it a nine bad guy venom was awesome
I brought my tickets like three years ago added friend Leah Aronson she was so excited she cried before the movie started
Vladimir Dorsenville administration animation student. I'm sorry. That's the administration animation student
I'm an international university of art and design given 8.5. It was slick
The storyline didn't stick exactly the comic book but that's okay
I wanted to see what the graphics were like said Vladimir
They definitely lived up to my expectations and Jose Bedia film student at U of M gave it a 2.5. Who?
The graphics were like video game quality was beyond cheesy and the script don't even get me started
Jose said but I had to come check it out and he did and he ate too happy about it
Well it goes to show you there's Rob what's he doing Marciano there on CNN?
Standing there along some kind of a long shoot. I'm sure it's gonna give a lot of you people excited
Maybe even Brady Quinn might get excited that picture raises a lot of questions in my mind
Remember I was telling you a month ago about all the rumors about Brady and he'd been spotted in this place and I know I don't you know
What the ends of that make he still got drafted 20 seconds maybe maybe that's a part of it
You know maybe there just isn't a big market for gay quarterbacks in NFL anymore now that we got
What's his name? Married off he is married by the way the gum chewing Jeff Garcia. He's married to that hot babe
Okay
How is that possible nobody wants fresh branch?
She's a baby. He's just maybe he's just a little effeminate
There plenty of heterosexual guys who are little on the femy side or maybe he's just gay who knows or maybe she's a
Beard a dike. I don't know maybe not gonna change my life. I'm not gonna lose any sleep over it
Twenty before 11 at 560 WQM where we don't do any promotion
We don't and we have you know who killed us don't you besides clearance?
You know who put the nail in our coffin?
Ira win bag Ira win bag destroyed WQ a.m
Yeah took over and except for this one he took over every show on a station I
Still say we ought to change the color is to W I R a all I wrote all day
And this is what happens when you put the keys to the king in the hands of a little child like clearance and say hey
Have a good time clearance. Let's put on every loser that ever can and the fact that they put no Jimic Duffy on you again
Maybe who had a oh oh cross a street who belongs on the air like I have long doing open heart surgery at noon today
It's just you just scratch your hand and wonder what are these people thinking thinking thinking either you
Sanjaya you say something talk about ready thought it was to plan all about the both fools were off
Simon thought it was horrendous
America voted
Sanjaya you are going home to them
Just be nice and say goodbye
Especially my brother. All right, then girl. See you good bad
Yeah
I'm bye-bye
Good afternoon chair does Vidanya 1046 and 560 do we put scenes et cetera all of these things
You know there's no sense in getting we knew it was gonna be really bad right? Yeah, I don't know
Well, what is there to say about it? I mean we know no bonus money, right? Right?
So what's the point whether we're like number five or number seven or number 85?
We're like at least we had we were tied for seventh morning was number 21 afternoons were tied for 11 and night time was number
855 but what do we have at night? Oh?
What did I tell you about hockey in this town and thank God they're finally getting rid of that stuff
I mean nothing I'm not a big hockey fan, but it's like it's like you know nothing wrong with Halavaba
You're not gonna sell it in Saudi Arabia. They just don't like it. They don't want it
You can't sell Halavaba to North Pole you can't sell Halavaba to go him and you can't sell
Kaka I were a windbag man. What did I what did I tell you about him?
And like you always say what do you know? What do you know? I don't know anything they say they say that to me
They say that about what you say we always say the same thing about what do we know about neurocans doing about putting Alex Marvay
I never really read all these other non-broadcast people
Let's get OJ McDuffian and put them on 15 hours a day like Ron and O'Paul and see if we can't break a point. Oh wow
Yeah, I wasn't I screaming and yelling a year ago and sending emails to Jolly Jo about the clearance and about this sports nerd
It's just people want to be
That's right. They want a little entertainment. They just don't want to sniff the whole thing
So they even find his job for your role. I know I know don't start that routine again
Okay, I'm not in the mood for that routine
Not in the mood for the QA and psychotic. I am looking at that picture again though
Brady Quinn and that kid with his hand on that kid's crotch that puts a smile on my and a smile on his face
The other two guys are kind of like the kid the kid in the middle of it Brady's got his arm around there
Who's pretty ugly by the way that kid in the middle? I think Brady could do a lot better than that
But anyway, he's he looks like terrified doesn't he?
No, he's got his hand and Brady's crotch. What is that? What do you mean? What is it? Yeah?
Don't you know it's a basket fest boy
Maybe they're practicing for October fest. I don't know. It's a basket fest a Tiscuit a Tanskid. Let me squeeze your basket
I just I just
Where did that come from? I
Guess that's where he doesn't aspire time WQ. Why am hello?
Any I know okay. I just want to point out yesterday's poll. Well, there's a little mistake on there
It's room to you know, we don't care. We don't really care. Okay. Go to hell
That's my comment to you sir. I'm an assurly mood now and you know, we don't need nitpickers yesterday
It's poor you made a mistake you put mod on yeah, I got an email on my space from some jackass to tell me man mod on there twice
Oh, excuse us. Okay, we made a mistake. Well, obviously we made a lot of mistakes based on these numbers
WQ way and hello
Hello, yes
Yes, where did I reach?
What is it?
What comfort did I reach? What number did you call sir? Who are you calling?
I was calling Neil
Well, that's Neil. What wouldn't be what number did you reach out? What what did I say when I answered you? I said WQ. I am hello
Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't choose this well
Nobody call on hello
Oh
Yeah, great WQ. I am hello male. Yes, sir. I guess you'll want us to come in now
Yeah, come in from the pool
Yeah, come again cool
We're gonna roast all your ass in it
WQ a m hello
I'm sorry. Is this Q a m?
What number did I reach WQ a m hello
Well, Neil your ratings are direct results of George Rodriguez acting on the right
Yeah, that's right like the last 17 years right when we had the great books
He got no credit for that but George Rodriguez sucks. That's why we're number seven
We're probably number seven in the middle of this Titanic experience here at Q a m
WQ a m death radio hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't know whether I should congratulate you on your numbers or not. No
No, okay. This is the deal
Me and adult male 30 something I listen to you from 10 to two but other than that meal it's satellite radio
Yeah, satellite radio is like having a constant TV playing. No, you can go from rock. Just but whatever you listen to
That's basically what's coming out to your shows the best. Well be Neil and I have one request
Can you play that one that you're somewhere on 907?
It's like future Neil Rogers
What is that? What's the cold deal?
The old man now now get out of here old Neil that way. That was the fake Christopher again on a phone. You're not kidding us
817 votes on the full. I mean, I you know, we're getting requests from fake people
I'm not talking about this caller, but I'm just saying online
How's it going doing with the launch by the way? I think she's coming in today George. Oh,
817 votes my spouse girlfriend a boyfriend is smoking hot 228. I'll ride. I ain't got nobody 205
Used to be hot, but not so much no mole 152 just okay 103 looking two fat 71 average looking 33 nothing wrong with being average looking
Many of us would settle for that many of us who are way below
average obvious in 14 and two skinny 11 well, Phantom up a little bit take him out to eat
Although that can get a little bit expensive 820 vote on a poll
Dave Johnson's gonna be calling lemon probably I'd do the break a little bit early
Okay, I don't want to be in the middle of an 85 minute break that that's another thing
But I don't want to go in all the negatives. You know, we're just
basking in the glory of ancient success, you know
You just wonder will people still talk you when your number 45 and number 75 and number 82 and a 35 station marker
Well, they still even will they still even dignify you by their presence. That's the obvious question WQ a.m
Hello
Yes, sir, hey, buddy
Just want to let you know your skits are going national
On million years couple weeks ago. Yeah, I had a guy on there and he calls you know
Your life lines get the awesome buddy while you call somebody in Miami and the answer was Bob
Excellent
That made my day didn't make you a day
Yeah, yeah, I'm taking that right of the WQ a.m. Hello, hey, I went last night seems fighting. I give it an 8
I like to I like to know the action was real good the storyline
They get sentimental we were laughing when there's where I guess we're supposed to be crying or something
But other than that you're like it because the the son of the goblin he comes out with a shirt off and a little short
So I know you know, I better go see it right now. I'll see you guys. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Hey, no one more thing. I'm going to pick Brandy Quinn
Brandy Quinn. I like that
Brandy he left the end out of his name Brandy Quinn. How maybe they know a little something about Brandy
Hmm
820 vote on that pool will make a thousand. I mean, you know, it's all the numbers. Just they were so you fork with that
1600 during the show like just setting the world on fire and now we're just not setting the world on fire. We're just
Aiming WQ. I am hello
Uh, good afternoon. I'm a nail. Good morning. May I ask your question? Anything you like?
Thank you. You get tons of downloads or bits or drops or whatever you'll call them. You get the one from the
Uh, Godzilla thing. Can I ask you where you got that from? Can you point me in the right direction?
Oh, that's perfect. I want to get that for a Google Godzilla sound effect
Godzilla sound effect just Google it
Google Godzilla
He just started off. We just can't even help these. Not thanks. Yeah. Thank you
Now thanks a lot guys. Well, it makes me feel very self-floor. Yeah, he's he's Google in the right way. He's he's working on it and a Google too
What a nice star girl man. You've seen you're giving them good information. You should have found out. I know. I've got where I was
He's just a user man. That's a user and an abuser that guy. He's a self-freak and Floridian selfish
Self-indulgent no good down whatever
Oh, and look at this. A couple more numbers came in
Ha ha ha ha. Oh look at that
WFTL and man talk 640. Well, do they have call it is WMEN?
Says you're missing up to different stations. Okay, well, I have during the break and after the break and after Dave Johnson
I'll check that all out
Because I'm sure he well, in fact, I can check it out right now. We got to come in it
Mornings WMEN. That's man cow. He's not even on it. One that had a point three. Maybe he's WMEN. Let's see
WMEN is not on that page. It's not on this page
It's not on any page. It's on
It doesn't the show
It doesn't make the book. It doesn't it's not in here. He doesn't he doesn't exist
How about in mid days 10 to 3 WMEN. Is it on the second page? No. Is it on the third page?
No
Is it on the fourth page?
TPS is a point eight
No, is it on the last page? So he has a point. Oh
Nice going here man. Can I know I don't feel so bad about our
be number seven or whatever the hell we are
How the mighty have fallen jolly joe you really doing it
This is the Neil Roger show
What solid is your brain?
Any questions
Oh, yeah, there's some questions
You want to know why we go into our ran for the money that's why we would do it
I do believe that it's a five physics for the world trade center tower seven
The fall the way it fell without explosive big involved
Do you think the government's purpose lead this led the American people to believe that a rack had something to do with 9-11?
Yes
In America we are fed propaganda and if you want to know what's happening in the world go outside of the US media
It's pretty obvious to anyone that listens that Rosie hates America
Christianity is just as threatening as radical Islam, but she loves the people who are trying to kill us
A brand is a danger a rack and a stand of a threat to kill her don't ever disparage anyone who's trying to kill us to Rosie
You think terrorists you think that robs them of their humanity that name terrorists makes them not human anymore
Yep, Rosie loves the terrorists, but apparently she has absolutely no compassionate sensitivity for Asians
Rosie's finally leaving the view and pretty much every rational American is thrilled about it
Especially Donald Trump
Both inside of now you take a look at her she's a slot. She talks like a truck driver
Rosie is a loser
It's 11-01 I didn't know that bat line ring and I didn't see it. I maybe I wasn't paying any attention or why I didn't see it
Because Dave Johnson's always like he you could set the atomic clock by his call 11-30 maybe he abandoned us too
Maybe he heard about the numbers. Oh, that's possible
Think that could be it we got speaking of numbers 841 votes on the pool
So now it's like our life is on hold for a second. This is very are you sure that you didn't make this up? Yeah, I made it up just to set you up
All but I call him how's that you're gonna call him yeah, well, maybe he's busy right now
Maybe he's punching his guts. I mean I have to advance wagering or something like that
Are you gonna call him yeah, go ahead call him on the bat line see and say hey Dave what's going on here man?
Just because you're old like uh like Neely
Call him on a cell
Not from the bat line that's a little bit
I'm sure I call him on a bat line because if you were I'd see it right no
I'm gonna call him from my cell to his because that's where I have his number program
Oh, and then you're gonna have him call I said oh this is a pretty pretty complicated thing
Well, I'll give the pool result. Okay, that'll kill enough time to free you to stall
That's where the horse is hanging out in the stall. That's what we're doing here a Q amp
Let's get our windbag on a phone in the meantime see if we can't get down there in the ones two
See we're gonna get a two two well least we did a four something. That's for certain right in men
He's calling right now
That's a pretty that's a pretty weak number by the way a four something front that's as you said almost unplicit
He was in the new Adam boy jolly joe were kicking ass baby and wasn't a jolly joe said oh, I know you're gonna have a jolly
You had a march if we just play a couple of fart sounds. I think they would put us over the top
I'm watching line 12. I don't see anything happening
I do now just like magic there he is I told you well they've getting a little org right
To us right Dave good morning. How you doing? I'm doing great for an old man. How about you? I'm doing great for an old man
So how's the weather at Louisville I'm in New York
What the hell are you doing in New York? Well, I'm finished in Louisville. I came home
What does that mean?
I'm finished I did the draw show. Yeah, but I'm not there is no
No radio broadcast of the Derby so I'm I'm all I'll be on the couch like everybody else around the country
Yeah, you're not calling that this has got to be the first time in what since regret one in 1915. I called that race
Yeah, I know that's what I'm saying. I can't believe that there's no radio of the Derby this year
Well, I think there is but I
I'm not involved and I think I actually think there's some radio
But it's not across the country. Maybe it's a local thing or a local thing where you wouldn't you guy like you doesn't mess around with some local kind of thing
Now I mean, you know, I wasn't asked so I'm coming home
Oh man, so you you in letterman you're the only people I call for now
Well, here you go. Hey listen, we we wouldn't forget about you
I'm all of us all of us old guys got us stick together
Well, I want to find out who you like though because you know you've been you in the in the long line of picks. I think you're beating me
Listen, I got news for a between the two of us. We couldn't pick a winner in two more grades
If check and picker was one horse and the secretary was the other one we still couldn't picker
So that's been well, at least we give people horses to eliminate
I gotta tell you I still don't like this 20 horse field business. I can't stand that
Well, you know, it's not a horse race. It's a cavalry chart. I wish it were 14
I think I think that would be a much fair race, but you know, then there are some derby winners like for instance Canyon arrow
uh
Oh, no, what was it? Well, yeah, that was Canyon arrow. Yeah, the Canyon arrow. Yeah, he well he would have gotten in
um
Yeah, but there's some long shots that probably wouldn't have gotten in if it wasn't 20 how about jacamo at 50 to one
Yeah, how about him? Yeah, I mean the same people are back with Thiago. That's a pretty good horse
Long shot
Yeah, now you're gonna pick a long shot. I got news for I didn't do a lot of homework this time because in the past years
I've wasted a lot of my time reading the racing form and reading articles and trying to study up and then we wanted to pick in
Our nose, you know, what's the point? So I just basically picked a couple base. Hey, I did a little bit of homework
I picked nobody nobody's like show business only because of the name and because it seems to be a pretty good horse
Yeah, it and Barclay Tags a good trainer. I think street senses my top choice because
You know, I'm very very high on on the trainer Karl Nascar's a terrific horseman
He won the breeders cup juvenile on that track and even though there's a jinx against two year old champions coming back
Carl's a kind of a trainer that could get it done. Well, I threw him out
I picked nobis like showbiz to win and hook him up with curling well curling could be a freak
I mean he might win the Kentucky Derby
By the same amount of lengths is barbrow and we say well, what what what why were we not there at the
$12 or $14, you know
Zing is going to offer that kind of a price. I think it'd be second choice. I think you'll be second choice maybe
5.6 to 1 5.6 to 1. Yeah, well, you might you might get I'm gonna use them in some exact boxes
That's what I'm all it's all I'm gonna do maybe maybe a try box but the street sense is my number one choice
But you know, I'm looking at the at the oaks today if you looked over the field for the oaks. No
Well, let me tell you there's a there's a hunch play in here, you know
You know my you know, I tried to get tested to be whether I was the father for anana calls baby
Don't you remember my Christmas card of a couple years ago?
Anyway, I'm not touching that line. Yeah, go ahead my dearly beloved anana pole
But listen to the horses in today's oaks. Are you ready? Yeah, if this isn't an exact a box
I've never heard of one are they you got dream anavanna
regs to riches high again
Swift camper high heels and the best of all cash included wow. I mean, that's got to be a superfect a box for me
Any old I'm still just in a steady shock. Okay back to it now who you've picking with street sense? So you hook it him up with
Well, I'll go with the how about circular key the the Todd Pledge you Todd's got five of the horses out of the water trainer
Um, and I think circular key might be the best of the of the bunch
So I'll use him I'll use no bizz like showbiz if you if he's your he's your top choice. Yeah, it'll make me feel better
I'll use it and then maybe Thiago as a long shot to clunk up in there because he can go minor quarter
I know that you know
I was telling George and last ours about when I was in Amsterdam this a couple of months ago
And watching those races from England
And those steeple chase races that we talked about this year or two ago you and I the fact that
Horses are just falling everywhere and those hurdles and the jockeys are flying and the horses are falling on top of each other
And at the end of the race they were only two had to be put down
You know, and it's just what is that what is that all about why don't the animal lovers put a stop to them?
I'm surprised they don't but yeah, they're there you can bet on how many horses will finish really yeah
I think if they start with 25 you you can actually bet that you know it'll be five or eight or whatever
I don't know I don't get it
I've never seen anything like it in my life
I mean there was one hurdle where about six horses went down the same time and the announcer just he was just
Lollie gagging right along like it was nothing unusual and life goes on yeah, I guess for us not for them
um, but I don't think they have many depths over there by
You know falling I think we have probably more more horses that are put down for broken bones and things here
Like barbara
That well he didn't have a broken bonnie. I don't have an eye. Yeah, yeah, but that was that was uh the after after effect of the injury
And I raised yeah, but putting the weight down on the wrong foot or whatever something like that
So you don't really think I mean you like street sense
But you don't think we have unless it turns out to be curling well super horse this year
We've been looking one for how many years now
Well, yeah, you know, I thought I'm remember Empire maker the the year he was what he was but funny side wasn't he?
Right, I thought he was the the closest thing to a triple crown winner before the derby that I saw and he'd even win the derby
Um
But curlin could could be the the real deal. I mean street sense might might show him up
Could be a freak
Uh, curlin's only been to the track three times
Is the first time he ran he ran so fast that these people bought him
Uh, he was trained by Helen Kits then now they gave him to Steve aspucin
Steve's only had him for two races and he won both races by
Amile like eight or nine ten lengths right so Steve doesn't even know
How good he is so he could he could be any kind of horse and I guess there's only one horse can win the triple crown after tomorrow afternoon
Excellent observation
Okay, they've listened. It's a great hearing from you sitting there in your country. Who are you gonna take? Who's your whose your top joy?
No, but it's like show this guy with an oven and I'll take street sense and then we'll talk about it at the preckmas
Okay, I threw street sense out okay, and you and you you since that for me. Oh, okay
Thanks. They take care of yourself. Bye. Bye. See you
Wow, what do you say he's the father of anaclose baby?
He's a contender oh
Wow somebody picked me up off the floor
864 votes on our pole by the way, but you know
Your spouse your boyfriend your girlfriend. You're this one. You're that one. How about them more than one of the above
All right
So basically, I didn't want to I just the thing with her about racing to me is it's just so
disappointing last several years
I just can't get all of excited about it, but I don't want to like poor cold water on it
So how do you like the fact that Dave isn't doing the broadcast on radio this year?
Whatever see that's what happens when you get to be old and gray and they just discard you lucky like you like a used dish rag
Beware of exploding balls. It's the certifiably intense
John the king singing his way through the hearts of voters across the country
I think
Bob
Bam Bam
After a rescue vacation in the Middle East towered ice of Iraq he packed a bag dad and his jeeps to embark on a bench boy straight jacket tour
Oh it'd be nice to have
You truly a short destruction
So everyone can have bombs on their head
As your overlord I will have no
function
To mention thank you for your vote making you dead
It's not nice to poke but a mentally handicapped so let the old man wear out the war hero welcome that my
brain
So now to my cheeks
Where I store nuts and many other things
I'm in the room for my wild car keys and even a wrist walking
And I crazy a hole
McCain's message is clear if you listen carefully to the voices inside his cheeks
God only knows when we're getting on to get him
They're my cigarette
They're my cigarette
They're my cigarette
1118 at 560 WDQM well they sound good anyways sitting there in the city in New York
You always sounds the same you know he does an age
Well I guess your voice doesn't age doesn't sure does
Oh you can sound like that from the condo
I'm maybe something else on like that just sitting on my soul
Anyway this fast just really cracks me up
I think you're mixing up two different stations man cows not on WFL
He's on man talk WMEN the old WGNA
See those of you who are like
Who pretend to yourselves like Steve Lapper you pretend that these marginal palm beats
Broward the whatever these low power stations are the nobody even knows where they are in a battle what the color is are
They're both owned and operated by the James crystal radio group in addition to a yada yada yada
And all these other stations that nobody were heard of
And then it's got the line-ups here for the two stations how they do up against you
I'll tell you the same thing they do against everybody else WMEN is gonna point against everybody
Not just against me. Oh they don't show up anywhere men talk six forty. They don't show up. Oh
Man cow Dennis Miller
Romy like us all these people they got a point. Oh, oh, oh, oh
They don't show up in this book
And WFTL like I said Dr. Laura and Bill O'Reilly the radio effector they got a point three from ten to three
So evidently the James crystal radio group continues flondering and staggling and all these things
Well
I'll tell you let's now let's go back now that we got the time. Okay. We had to rush that little bit there in the first hour
I want to go back and really analyze the
Really oh yeah, you do a
QA and they're yeah, sir
Hey, buddy. How you doing? I'm sorry. I called a minute ago about the
God's really okay good
Well, thank you, Jan. Okay, you lost
It's called a minute ago about the God's Zillow sound was boring then and I'm not gonna talk to you again. Okay. What is wrong with you?
Well, what is wrong with these people nobody wants to hear about your God's Zillow sound effect get a life pal
He get out of here. I have no life take a hike
WQ a.m. Hello. You know how you're doing this morning. Okay, sir
Hey, what do you think of this QA? I'm bowling and they got going
Bowling did you hear about now? Oh, there he is bowling with O
No, they're pulling yeah, they're bowling on the Don Carter's lanes and Camelac. It's a QA M guys. Yeah
You're not gonna be bowling. How you well? What does that mean? What what are you talking about? You're like a bowling team
Yeah, they have a bowling league, so what about it? So what's wrong with that? I used to bowl in three leagues as a matter of fact and
Calamazoo a hundred years ago. Well, who cares whether they're bowling off the air? Okay?
Maybe I'll start bowling on the earth certainly could improve in some of these day parts
Not that I don't know that I want to start playing amateur program director because as you all
Point out all the time. What could I know about right? What do I know
And I'm sure there will or that I know nothing WQ a.m. Hello
I know if I had a horse running in the Kentucky Derby
I named it naphy headed horse. How would the network handle that be headed horse? I like that. That's not as great
Nappy headed horse. That was a funny lie. Yeah, Don I miss could call a race because Dave Johnson's at home
WQ a.m. Hello
Any oh, yes sir. Can you play the bridge tender? No. I'll give you kids
No, I don't know no chance on the black. No chance. Yeah, I know where you're going next
Have to think about that send a picture
Okay, how we got do
If we could play one or two far sounds every now and then just the little one
We might still have like a five, you know, that wouldn't be great
But I mean time for seventh. What kind of a number is that on a prestigious show like this?
And these people are like sitting around under a thumb, you know, they got there's oh, we got the billing way up there
We got all these spots on and we're going to make them some money
Yeah, you're going to make a lot of money with these kind of numbers. Let me tell you that right now
878 votes
And if Norma can thinks that I'm going to kiss Jolly Joe's ass after looking at numbers like this because he's in in the middle of intensive contract
Renewal negotiation. I might have to rethink that whole deal anyway when you come right down to it
I mean what what do we want to do sticker on long enough that we can work it down to like
Oh like like me. Yeah, you know like manco
a 0.0
Wtq.y.m. Hello
Listen, we can come in for about the one or two hour
Wtq.y.m. Hello
Hey, Neil, how you doing today? Okay great anyway, I was thinking that you know more about radio and anybody else except for one other person
Rick. Who is that? Who is it?
Yeah, only you and Ricky taking no more about radio and anybody else that's I'm the business today and
Well, you know Ricky's not ready to retire and you're still on
Yeah, okay. Thanks for the first vacation observation my squeaky voice friend. We're that very bad
Tony voice Ricky Tickey's got one week to go. Well, congratulations Rick. Rick shot. There's a guy
Got to give a tip of the cap to it. I don't wear a cap, but tip his cap
Tickey can do in time or two whatever that means
Remember Tickey can do William Henry Harrison? No
He's the guy that they couldn't get out of the cold. He died. What I heard. Yeah, he's still dead
Wtq.y.m. Hello
I'm that bowling leave. We're gonna shine your ball
Wtq.y.m. Hello, hey Neil. Yes, very controversial radio. Oh controversial. Yeah, Wtq.y.m. Hello
Wtq.y.m. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
Because you're talking about the Kentucky Derby I heard that uh, yes
It actually heard that Michael Jackson's going there. He heard those gonna be a couple of three year old over there
Hmm, the Queen's there too, by the way, Queen's there. She's not the only one. I'm sure
Yeah, don't touch the Queen. That was the big thing they're doing on there. There are five people who have touched the Queen and
Five Americans I guess who have made the mistake because they don't know the uh, etiquette and you're not supposed to touch the Queen
You don't shake her hand. You don't uh, pattern on the back or on the booby or uh
You I have no idea what her call rope could really have the title. It's silly. It's silly. Just like the bridge
So, okay, it fits in perfectly. It's silly and that's what the Brits are. They're silly silly people
You don't have to go to London to see the Brewer anywhere in England
Just go to Amsterdam any weekend and you'll see a bunch of really silly people getting very drunk acting really silly
And really loud and really stupid and those are the Brits. They'll give you the schmitz
Queen is in uh
Where the hell she was in Virginia. She was in Jamestown
She was saying oh, would be so wonderful if we could just colonize you poor people again
Yeah, we'd never been the same since we cut the cord with you and at least you know, at least in America
We spelled color COLOR without the you you know favor color all over the you Canada still hasn't cut that a billi-co cord
labor LABO you are
It's very laborious
WQIM hello
Yeah, I just wanted to say George's game
Well great. We're really delighted to hear you say it WQIM hello
Could you prairie the bridge dunders WQIM hello room two two seven not two two two
I'm gonna tell you that early
I don't want to talk to you two when you're still a jackass
WQIM hello
Why is that
Magic underwear baby. Magic underwear for everybody for free. That's scarier than a fundamentalist president
Yeah, that's right scarier than some fundamentalist goi that we like we got now some far-bison fundamentalist
Yeah, doesn't the start of us warm in president scary. Yeah
He's got about as much chance of winning as uh as uh I do
887 he got about as much chances a manco and at number on
Thank you in the end. Why the you
good
Bikitty car
Live to tell the truth. It's been a while
You had a pretty good run on my surprise to see
I like this at the 10th of rage of
96
Oh, that's one less angel panelist
Professional contestant next for the old actor death who like put my money down on charlotte
And still alive that I'm under it and
You did a maltrow this film the rest was game show
Oh
All in
Oh
This is your baby, but tell your best, my son.
Besting in the memory, hold a bone forgotten names.
But better bow and don't your brain.
11.32 at 5.60 W.Q.M. Mad Dog at 2 this afternoon.
And what can I say?
Let's go back and look at those numbers again.
Maybe there'll be difference this time, George.
Maybe I'll make some up.
Look at that.
We had a 42 share.
All right.
Yeah.
Monday to Sunday, the entire week, man.
In 25 to 54, that coveted demographic.
Now let's see.
I would use got a 3-3.
Waxies got, they went from a 2-1 to a 2-8.
And then this is the winner book.
This is January, February, and March.
This is Post Dauphin.
And Q-A-M went from number 11, which
is pretty embarrassing as it was back in the fall 3.3,
to tied for number 1825.
Tag with doubt.
Oh, there it is.
M-I-B.
That's the station, isn't it?
See this idiot that gave me this man talk?
Isn't that, no, that's not.
M-I-B is on F-M.
That's what am I talking about?
That's a music, men in black.
We're tied with them.
We're at number 18 overall during the week.
Number 18 in men 25, 50.
Do you have any idea how embarrassing that is?
Pretty much.
Pretty much.
And what I'm talking about sports talk.
The format is, but nevertheless, we know nothing
and they keep plugging on.
You know what people want when they turn on the radio?
They want to be amused.
They want to be entertained.
They want something.
Yeah.
They don't just want to hear the same thing they do.
They win bags.
And I'm not just talking about Ira Winbag.
We have plenty of other win bags.
But Ira Winbag in particular, they
don't want to hear the same guy talking about over it, over it,
over it until you got some out of your ears and out of your back
dome.
That's right.
Every orifice in your body.
But I don't know if I'm just, while I'm doing
is just thinking out loud.
That's all I'm doing.
I'm not trying to give anybody any suggestions.
That's all I'm doing.
Thinking out loud.
And I have a habit of doing that, opening up a big mouth.
I would be doing no great chase.
And I will say this though, if you put those two numbers together,
we actually two eight and QM25, you got a five, three,
that would be a bad number.
But pretty much what you've done is divided in two.
And because this station doesn't do any promotion
or any involvement area.
And our idea of what the way to combat
is to take anybody who failed over there and put them,
let's grab them right up and put them on your like OJ McDuffie.
The fact that they've got him there,
I mean, that morning a show believed me,
doesn't need any help and failing.
Do you know what I'm saying by that?
Do you follow the bouncing balls?
They do need any more nails in their coffin.
And the fact that they took him and put him on there.
To talk whatever it is he'd be talking.
I don't understand what he's even saying.
To me, it's mind blowing.
Now, whose idea do you think that was?
Do you think that could have been Clans?
Do you think that could have been him?
What?
And the brain trust.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
You're hearing me.
I'm tuning you out.
You're hearing every word I'm saying, Mr. and you're in your weeping.
You're sitting there weeping.
Yeah, I am, I'm curious.
Whatever.
And I don't blame you.
We all ought to be.
Maybe you can do without the bonus.
I can squeeze by without the bonus.
Yes, I know.
So, okay, Mr. I can squeeze by.
If we have another couple of books like this,
then I'll croak and then if you're in my will,
then maybe you don't have enough money to cover a few bonuses.
In fact, that's what you better hope.
You better start talking real nice now,
and hope I stick your ass in my will for a couple hundred grand.
Because otherwise, if you think bonus money
is going to keep you going for a while,
you better, I ain't going to see that before.
You better dream another dream, man.
You better stick another thought.
Don't worry.
890 in the pool.
Look over a thousand today and we don't really care.
Talk about depressing.
I mean, you know, everybody has bad books or bad months or whatever,
but it's just, you could smell it.
You could feel it, you know,
like those people in the Titanic.
They could tell that water was coming up over their head, you know?
They could hear all the screaming and the carrying on around them.
And they knew something was happening and it wasn't something good.
My spouse, girlfriend or boyfriend, is Smoking Hot 252.
I ain't got nobody, 223.
Used to be hot, not so much anymore, 165, not so hot.
Ooh.
Just okay, 108.
Too fat, 77.
Average looking, 45.
Like I said, nothing wrong with being average looking.
Most people would give their left nut, even women,
to be average looking.
46.
Ugly as sin 15 and two skinny 13.
We'll see that, 2579.
Two skinny,
Sultiment de Tracea, only 13.
904 there, by the way, Chris, aren't you excited? No.
Oh, very excited.
Let's have a wake today.
Let's light some Yorkside candles.
Let's wave our hands over the candles.
Barul Kha'atah, say a prayer that maybe we might make a little comeback.
Of course, we got cursed with that really brutal January.
Once that month went down, we were done for this book.
I totally did not.
Yes.
I mean, it was like, you know,
none of our people got diaries.
Or they just all turned on us like cornered rats or whatever the deal was.
And of course, satellite radius got nothing to do with this for the other mavens out there who would,
well, you know, not with satellite radio, because it's a share of the people who are listening.
The numbers that we're giving you, that's a share of people who are listening.
So it has nothing to do with satellite radio one way or the other.
WQAM, hello.
Josh Darrow should be fired.
Right. Amen.
Let's get Josh Darrow fired.
Oh!
How do you like that?
That was probably across the street.
In fact, maybe let's send him over there.
That seems to be the routine now.
It's like a revolving door out of QAM in its ticket, out of the ticket into QM back and forth.
Yeah, just run across the street.
Oh, there's the queen with a really nasty look on her face.
Oh!
And that's because Vice President Cheney is welcoming the queen.
And she looks like, mmm, he's a real far-bison.
That's what he's thinking.
You can tell what old people are thinking because they have all these wrinkles and stuff.
I don't have a lot of wrinkles.
Although I think after the day that might change.
WQAM, hello.
Yeah, I must be stupid, but I'm on your website.
I can't figure out how to vote from there.
Is there a place you go to vote?
You see the poll?
Yeah.
And you can't vote?
No.
Why not?
Because it nothing pops up.
Yeah, just keep working on it.
It's something will pop up.
Just keep looking at Brady Quinn with his hands on those guys' crouches.
It's something will pop up.
Brandy Quinn.
904 is in toast.
Wow.
And if people are going to keep calling in badmouthing George,
let me tell you, George is probably the third best broadcaster on that station right this minute.
So, have you ever got this?
Lay off, George.
No, we're not sport-intensive.
I'll tell you one thing.
He's no hour windbag.
I'll say to that.
Well, I need no Alex Marvaz either.
But, you know, we can only hope and strive to improve, right?
I hope that those guys die, right?
Yeah, I've been honest to God.
You know, these little wannabe muscle boys.
They're not even muscle boys.
They're fat now to shape and they want to be jock.
And I'm sick of the whole thing today.
You know what?
Yeah.
So, I, you know, I'm just going to keep going.
Let him keep hanging around the hurricane lock room,
sniffing the jock and grasp all they want.
And then when you raise, keep going out of there.
I'll, by the way, I was going to ask you, are there ratings based on the whole thing or...
Where are the ratings for?
A2L data and the whole thing.
Since you got 24 minutes of commercials every hour,
do the ratings go down during the commercials or...
Well, not on this show.
Maybe that's why we still have a little bit audience left.
We don't run the 85 minutes an hour.
But listen, have a great life.
There's a guy.
Now, he must work across his tree.
There's no question about that.
And that's basically what it boils down to.
It was our people call it.
There are people in there.
People call it our people.
And it's like, you know, a bunch of little kids in the playground.
And that's, is that what kids do?
They play games in the playground.
That's sure.
It's all about...
Give me the ball.
Give me a...
Wait, wait, give me a game.
Oh, right.
Sorry about that.
925 votes on a pool.
I'll tell you one thing.
No matter how bad I like,
if I turn around and look in the mirror,
I probably look extra surly and extra bad right now.
Extra bad.
So bad that I knocked a thing down off the...
I'm really auditioned.
Isn't that bad?
Mm-hmm.
That's not a good day.
Since 2004, those emails have been separated from an R&C policy,
which is to automatically delete every 30 days, deleted emails.
So, be screwed up.
Oh, all the email and all the deleted email.
You can't delete the audio one, but you're gonna pass.
You're gonna be relieved when you no longer see me on your drops.
But I'm still alive.
I'm still a little bit overriding.
I've made a great one, won't lie.
The great-for-lady, I got this thing that you think.
You owe me away.
All the things that you say,
that what a type of new thing.
I'm an email.
You can't erase emails.
They've gone through too many surveys.
They can't say they've been lost.
That's like saying the dogs ate my homework.
It doesn't work that way.
They just don't want to produce an old egg, huh?
No, the White House.
Power of new shoes.
That knows how to use a new shoe.
Thangles of new dirt.
They can't trade any paper.
But try to place a blame on a key punch operator.
I just don't know a way.
You can fail, but you'll fail.
I always need a trail.
I'm an email.
No, I'm an email.
And I'm an email.
You can try to dump me.
But I'm still glad I'll tell you.
It looks like you violated.
The hatched hatch.
And how about that?
Another 18-minute guy.
Yeah, history repeats with more republic than I think.
When it's the 5 million email.
Something stinks.
But you can't make them go away.
Once you send me around.
Doc can always be found.
I'm an email.
13-year-old, I'm going to play this again.
Because it'll make you feel better.
Okay.
No, we're not.
Yeah.
I want to hasten to add that we're definitely or not.
But we're number 7 tied for 7.
Almost number 7.
We're like number 7 and a half.
I predicted this.
I've been screaming about it for a year and a half.
And Jolly Joe is...
But it'll be...
But it'll be...
But it'll be...
Yeah.
Jolly Joe who doesn't even know that I'm on Tuesday and Thursday.
Only in the summertime.
But I'm not going to rip him because Norma Kent says,
oh, don't get him all whipped up now.
Well, yeah, right.
Whatever.
You know, I can take it, I can leave it.
You know what I'm saying?
I'll survive one more day.
I'm not going to miss any meals.
No sugar, by the way.
Chris, yesterday that's two days in a row, aren't you proud of me?
No.
Very good.
You're jealous.
I didn't either.
Although now, see, now it's the depression set to say a thing...
No, no, no, no.
What?
You got to get a different attitude.
See, starve yourself.
I got to get a different attitude.
Yes, starve yourself out of depression instead of eating, you know, for comfort.
Do you think I'm depressed about these numbers?
I mean, first of all, I knew we were going to get the bonus anyway.
So whether you're fourth, fifth, seventh, a hundred and eight...
And again, at least compared to what we're surrounded with on there.
I mean, the nighttime, eight, point seven, which is in the winter time, of course, mostly the Panthers.
We love the Panthers.
We just don't pay any attention.
We don't want to know about them.
And we certainly won't listen to the game on the radio.
On the radio.
Oh.
A gay couple is asking for an investigation after they claim they heard threatening comments announced they were the intercom system.
And for a Saturday, they'll holly with international airport.
The couple of six years said they were in the baggage plimmer of terminal three, a one o'clock in the morning Tuesday when the announcement was made.
My partner said, did you hear that?
And I said, I kind of think I did. It's an Anthony need wiki.
Then about two minutes later, we heard it again.
A man who lies with a man is if he were lying with a woman, shall be subject to death.
It was almost so threatening. I was frightened, said Waman Hutsen need wiki's partner.
The passage is found in the Bible according to a new international version of it against 2013,
and says if a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, both of them have done what is detestable.
They must be put to death, just like those disobedient children stoned into death. Kill everybody.
I'll ride.
I understand it's a Bible verse, but there should be no reason why a Bible verse should be coming over the PA system of a public entity need wiki says.
Need wiki says he filed a report with the security manager at the airport in an email he advised the Broward County commissioners of the situation.
Airport officials said there are numerous paging systems throughout the terminals that are reserved for employee use only.
They said at that time of the morning anyone could have gotten their hands on the system.
That time of the morning, one in the morning you can get your hands on it.
So far we don't think we can identify the location, but that's what we're trying to do.
Said Airport representative Steve Bellamy.
The couple said that someone should be held accountable.
Someone who's younger or just coming out or even someone who's coming out coming to our city for the first time.
If that's the first impression they get, it's really sad Hutsen said.
The man who lies with a man like Brandy Quinn or even at the, is got his hand and some guys crotch like that.
How was that? Maybe he's just feeling a little crotchety or feeling a little crotch.
Sure, it's had a big smile on his face. I'll say that. The mighty Quinn.
Okay, now let's get back and spend a couple hours on these numbers.
I don't know, I just get him a look and a smear as the saying goes.
Oh yeah, that's more than they deserve, but six to 10 a.m. let's see W.I.O.D. how they're doing.
What do they have on it anymore? They're actually doing new. Look at that. Joe Rose beat him.
If I were, if it was me, I'd just write him a check for million bucks.
Say September one, come on over and no matter what they offer you just tell Joe Feinberg to take a big dump.
Isn't that what you would say? Sure, why not?
Off from 10 million bucks. Don't give it to him, it just offered to him.
Well, actually 3.0 in the morning, they're, you know, that's actually not a bad number during the present.
I think what's his name?
Duh, duh, duh, duh.
They're better than that. See, that's the thing that's really bizarre about this all looking at all these numbers.
It's just, you're taking about a five or six year and you're slicing it in half and they get a little bit more and we get a little bit less.
And that's it. I would be at 2.5 to 2.6 in the morning.
I guess they're doing news in Dave LaMont's farting or something like that.
See, if we could play the fart sounds, eh, that's another thing.
Like I said, you want to be entertaining, but when you can't play anything and you can't say anything and you can't do anything and you can't make those,
all you can do is make sounds with your mouth like that.
Hey, now, QAM, now this is a death nail, it looks like to me.
I think the square table and who's gay and who's not gay, all those other nifty assigments they put in there.
Who programmed that show? Whose idea were all those ideas?
Toast. The aptly named one toast. He is.
In the fall book in the morning, they had a horrible number, two four, tied for 14th, but now they've reached the number that even they can't believe I'm sure a two two, a two point two share.
That's 21st. How many statements are listed on here? 34.
Being 21st out of 34 is not exactly what I call hot.
You know what I'm saying?
What is that? That's so hot. I say.
And wins WINZ in the morning, I had a scare America, I had a one five.
They dropped precipitously from a two six down to a one five.
Wow, wow, wow, wow. So Joe Rose of 3.0 and the Kenyan Bow morning show two two.
And annihilation and abortion. And abortion.
I think if we can just get OJ McDuffie on there all by himself or we can get that thing down the way.
Oh, and no time. Maybe the next book.
Then midday, we're number seven tied for it or at least the 10 to three.
See that's the one thing. You're saying, well, you maybe we did a four.
We cracked a four between 10 and two.
Sure. We attended that right now. Okay, we cracked it.
All right. We're the crack show. Crack is whack.
Six two in the fall book. That was 10 to three.
See, we can't get the hourly breakdowns till next week.
But we did wind up being number one in the fall book. I'm sure that I'm positive.
Then we Chris, yes. What do you know?
Exactly.
And now to a three seven, which means between 10 and two.
We got maybe a four one, four point two.
Sure. That's pretty weak for this show. But you know something.
Take the morning, take the two two. Yeah.
And then we got a three one in the afternoon. You put those numbers and then we got a four something.
Wow. We're awesome.
And what do they got across the street in midday?
This is the only day part where we just kicked their ass.
That's it. The kid, you know, said Rosenstein, Cran Schwartz,
and left over a reject from the IMA show. That nappy headed the schmo.
He had a two oh and a fall is out of two three.
Now I went from 20th to a tie for 17th.
Not exactly something I'd be writing a home about.
Okay. So the kid, especially when the rest of your people had a number.
And I will say this. And you'll be shocked when I tell you this.
Okay.
And I probably shouldn't say it on a year because it's you that somebody's going to be like,
oh gee, Neil is giving them, you know, boosting them. I'm not boosting them at all because I wish that their tower would fall.
790, my ass. I used to work at WNWS for 100 years.
That was 790. That was talk radio baby for old people.
Old people. Not just a bunch. But I guess I don't know because I don't hear them.
But I was told by a close mutual personal friend of ours.
I don't want to mention the professor or anything like that that he used to be a huge Hank Goldberg fan.
And then now he's listening over there in the afternoon.
I don't want to mention LeBaster because that would be bad.
But anyway, in the afternoon, Waxi had a 3.8. Now there's a respectable number.
Not great, not sensational in men for a sports station, but that's a respectable number.
From a 2.8 up to a 3.8. From 17 to tied for seventh.
3.8. And the mad dog and the Humper between 3.8 and 7 went from a 3.1 to a 3.1.
Flat. They're not moving anywhere.
From tied for 12th to tied for 11th.
So 3.8 to a 3.1 to kick our eyes there. And at night, like I said, they got a 2.5.
We got a 0.7. Thank God they can have the Panthers.
In fact, let's have Jelly Gov. and start recreating some Panther games now in the middle of the day.
Because then we might make a little bit of progress.
And how many markets can you think of? Maybe LA that are more transient than South Florida?
Not too many. And as a result of that, promotion is like desperately needed.
Because you have all these people coming in. And if people aren't already listening, they haven't got a clue that we're on.
And not just this show, the whole station.
QAM, what's that? Do we have a billboard? I'm putting up a billboard. Big one.
And you know what's going to say?
Help! Help! That's what it's going to say.
Help! Old Neal says help! Throw us a life back.
Okay, throw us a rope.
Yeah, that's what we need. Drive. Little Richard, baby. Somebody help me. Please. Somebody help us. Please.
Between my knees.
952 votes. I'm getting out here then. I'm moving to Amsterdam. I'm getting out.
What are you laughing about?
My first girlfriend or boyfriend is 952 votes. That's where I can't move to Amsterdam yet. Till we get to Dolphin tickets.
Smoke in Hot 269. I ain't got nobody. 238. That sounds so sad. Oh, I ain't got nobody. I ain't got no boyfriend, girlfriend, spouse.
Not anybody whose name I know, anyway.
Used to be hot, but not so much anymore. 170. Just okay. 112. How's Brandy Quinn doing?
Too fat, 81. Average looking 52. Average is fine. Of course, it's 17 and too skinny. Only 13.
This is Brandy Quinn. Whenever I shake my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
A long, long time ago, he was 1900 and Jesse Helms was just a lad of nine.
And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War.
So they ported like it was 1899. There were events that made you shiver, but there were times we did deliver.
A promise that was kept with that famous one small step. I can't remember each event or everything that man did invent.
A century we will present. This is how it went.
My, my, how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did try.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
It all started when two guys were right when they put an airplane into flight.
And the start of radio. Signified had his month to think and want to theory and act blank and the Titanic.
That story we all know.
Well, World War I it soon began with shooting arch to Francis Herd and then millions died from the flu.
And plastic was brand new. And then Russia had its revolution.
Panapar connected all the oceans. The Nafelies we won't see again. A hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of a night.
A hundred years have gone by.
Albeit had his bellative a tea name that's produced a new model tea and the birdland did near Paris.
Then some moldy bread gave Panacillin Wall Street and the great depression and women would vote like you and me.
And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in and World War II would soon begin.
Major Ritzoff and Land. The Project Miner 10. Their voluptuous trial in Tennessee.
We caught a first look at TV. Then the day that lives in infamy. A hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of a night. A hundred years have gone by.
Franklin Winston they were soon be winning starting with the day invasion but at what an appalling cost.
In Russia no one did the frost and Germany they finally lost discovered the horrors of the Holocaust.
Fat man little boy and old a gay changed the whole world on that very day.
Meadow had just begun and trying to move by messy town.
The first player in baseball that was black is real got their homeland back.
Massachusetts like the Jack Gunn. Three years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of a night. A hundred years have gone by.
Separate for equal mates such a fuss. A rosa to time went on the bus. Only you cured with a vaccine.
Then Russia scared us big time with spot Nick. Our troops into Korea quick discovered the double helix scheme.
Oh JFK left us way too soon but promised to get us all to the moon.
Yuri is first in space. Yeah the pill we did it grace. And the French have been climbed into the night.
Cubus missiles gave us quite a fright. Selfie station is on to fight. A hundred years gone by.
And we were singing my, my how the years they did fly since it started something deported many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of a night. A hundred years have gone by.
Neil's giant step was the big news. Rovers way gave women right to choose. Nixon resigns about water gates.
Got the troops at a Vietnam had hostage is taken by Iran and a virus made us too scared to go days.
A test to babies held the loft some guy named Bill started Microsoft. Chernobyl explosion.
The Berlin wall gets broken. The USSR says goodbye. Some students in China they did try seven died in the Florida sky. A hundred years gone by.
And they were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry.
For the century it's time that we said goodbye. It all happened in the blink of a night. A hundred years have gone by.
Ti you here.
And we were singing my, my how the time it did fly since it started some deported many tears we did cry. For the century it's time that we say goodbye cause a hundred years have gone by.
point me and i'll be a trouble now i miss him baking while i was playing as far
i see
what's wrong with that i don't know if you were just uh... in the bathroom puking your
guts up
why over one bad book
let me i need something how many thousand years of i've been on your
a hundred thousand years and so we got a bad book am i am i gonna like like a
child
all jiz we had a week time for number seven and then uh... who cares
well good
well i am what's the what's the fault of the building what's going on there
there people jumping out the window what's happening there well i don't see
what's happening in the hallways as you know
well i know a lot of the little rinkers come in here and say oh no was right
we suck your idea clear as you should be fired right now
right in the middle of your lunch this year come in here say hey carats have a
nice weekend and by the way you're fired to do do do do do do do do do do do do do
oh and speaking of did do do do do do do do do you know it's probably really
left out of the sleeve now
but the job is already
am i right
oh yeah
he's i am you can be dancer he's listening to me we miss you badly mo
not
if we had a point zero zero zero zero zero one we still would miss you
trouble making turd
i like the eliteration that trouble making sure it's not good
miss bacon man extra crispy
my right nothing in the world i won't say right nothing
but there are few things better than crispy bacon am i right you are right
not too crispy just you know that sweet spot in between work got a little
bit of chewiness a little bit of crispiness
yeah that sweet spot yes well just got an email from during the break
i don't know remember Christopher your phone you know yeah yeah yeah my
people right yeah because i've been using that email that you know ten
it's just it's just amusing you know
he said i'm an emotional cripple i am very entertaining and he enjoys the show
but i'm emotional cripple doesn't understand that their people play
want to play games with me and he's not one of them in your head he's not one
right
that's why his profile was deleted that's why we got hacked and that's why he's
ha and he's a christ and he's eaten and he's
alright
but very entertaining though i'm ready to hear that
because that's what the public wants they want to be entertained don't want to
hear some loser sports ass from the newspaper being on the air
four hundred hours a like arrow windbag
how about you know i can remember last year writing emails to jolly joe
screaming just wailing about the stuff and he's just you know in one ear not the
other in run rear what do you know that's right what's all the wine oh
nothing i know what days i don't work during the summer
i know which days i do work and i know which days i don't work
those are the ones i like the best one day wednesday friday
and i thought that was damn lighted joe to say oh yeah well
george will continue working uh those days monday wednesday friday
no tapes how about although i'm sure he'd much rather put on a tape i'm sure
he would too especially since i'm you know since i can play so many
different bits now and say so many things and make some
funny noises you know like that with your mouth making noises with my mouth
maybe that would be a new format for the show making noises
with my mouth not bad i wonder what joeys would say about that
uh
nine hundred seventy votes on the pool you know something that leaning on that
crisp yes i noticed there's the queen marking the foreign
anniversary of james town she's got a bunch of flowers she's always
slept in a bunch of other there's digtany there laugh it and yuck it up
saying poor i thought i had a good scam
and she's got that little oil she's got a new person now she's got a new black
purse i wonder how it's the british your public could afford that looks like
she's wearing a nightconn i know do you see that no or not a crazy old bag
crazy old bitch the queen well the queen the royal her majesty
and you think that you know we think you've got problems
let me qa and hello qa and
all body what is it oh i look just looking at a last girl walk by here
by and i'm trying to distract it there probably
percentage uh... the uh...
locations of the whole email there in chat new good to see
it could be breaking the news any any day now
yeah i know you don't believe me i believe you
i just don't care wqa and hello again with the ratings
tap tap
oh i haven't finished reading them by the way let's get back to those
very surly crowded a man very surly and swirly not happy campers it's the
fourth of marzell synco de my own
or days the anniversary can't stay by the way
i was going to you know dig out that thing uh... what's that thing called a
high-level
cross-best day oh yeah what about it we're gonna get out
why didn't do it though and don't you do it either all right i won't too much
like a way to it yeah these people don't care about can't stay
they don't care about anything when's the early bird dinner meal when's the
early bird and uh... yeah i can go to the early bird now
i can probably get a senior discount wqa and hello and look at that and
look at what you're doing and what you're doing wqa and hello
hola not there wqa and hello
hello yes yes contact the new speaking
new yeah how are you okay how are you very very good
listen i was watching through the um
sick Rosenberg show and he mentioned that you uh...
that he had a lot more listeners than you did wrong
wrong a lot more and he stressed he stressed a lot
this one of the best you know let me say it again wrong
he's got a two three year over there okay
he stressed this you know here he did the thing of it is the their station
did well for them and kicked our ass in all the sports segments but for him
to go on here here here here and i mean this guy is just talking crap
he had a lot more listeners actually their cume was higher
and you know what much higher their cume is much higher
our cume way way our cume went in the toilet
but their average quarter hour was uh... they had
53 and we had 8400 you know something neither one is anything to write
home about that that's been 2554 um average quarter hour
nothing to write home about you know what i'm saying
so you keep going on here and lying on the course who who don't care is about
cume his life the listenership was sad another was a listen for a couple
minutes here in five minutes over there all of you we don't want to hear any more
that new york sound and then they ran away
w.a.m. hello that's not to write to w
w.a.m. hello and you yes sir um yesterday you were talking about
smokers and people who smoked a lot what about um
how about the early smokers yesterday yeah you're talking about people on tv
who smoked a lot who used to do that's right yeah rot rot sterling
what about him and uh... Edward armero
that's all you ever saw him doing with smoke right
did you know you're all new yeah there's also what about a couple
weeks ago you were talking i haven't had a chance to call you
you're talking about the movie willard
right yeah i did it right by the way chris oh don't do the break yet
great break no i didn't do the break yet no
it's twelve seventeen for crying out loud get out of here
right uh... you
were
finals
bereft
or
sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports Sports
Sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports
