The music expressed on the previous programs are those of the hosts, guests and collars, and do not reflect those of the busy...
What do you say to a guy who wishes another guy happy Valentine's Day?
Yeah, I think that fits in.
A little bit gay.
Let us talk about my voice back today.
So, ladies, we haven't had an amazing break from heart down here 8.50.
I couldn't talk or squawk about like that.
Must be that good tea with you.
You go back to Canada, you few bastards.
All right.
She was driving, driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver.
She was driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver.
Look into when she's special friends in her suspension.
When we we, when we we never be, we be in a duty.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
She was driving, driving, driving in a diver.
All right.
Look into when she's special friends in her suspension.
When we we, when we see, and they be in a duty.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
She was driving, driving, driving in a duty.
Oh my God.
All right.
Getting down the floor of the front bike.
We even ended up like she was in a race.
Calling the 9 Inspector to follow an electric force.
That had a stranger sprayer fake with me.
But what I'm never thinking was the hell what she's thinking.
She was driving, driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver.
She was driving, driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver.
Look into him and his special friends in us, the best thing you wait for he weep with me, heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and heep and
he and heep and heep and heep and heep and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the story and the real thing.
Wow, your eunuch, you over the wave, your former ant's the minute.
WOW, your a fae inv有點 titan, that wasn't a swung ball.
Look, that wasn't a swung ball.
Sir Lausanne, you just brought that swung ball.
Look, that was the accident.
I go out there and put my guts out and that's not good.
Sounds great.
And it's going to be like real mad about there.
Either I should be able to find me a good machine man.
Maybe we'll have my friends out there praying for me today.
Let's pray to Abraham today.
It couldn't be a bad.
Here's the poll for me yesterday.
This again, I apologize profusely.
But you got to understand when you're under the weather.
And thanks to Charles B. Wow.
Charlie B started my day out a high note this morning
by factoring in about 7,000 great polls.
Well, that's what we need.
How you meet Charlie B.
Don't you think that's a great thing?
I'm sure you do.
Yeah, it is.
Even you.
Say, as well.
And I have some bad news that we have 1192 my space friends.
Yesterday we had 1193.
I'm trying to get to 1200, but it's just come to a halt.
And we actually lost one.
And I haven't taken the time to check out.
It may be Johnny G because I gave him a little shot.
The other day about what?
Well, he's very emotional.
I know.
I mean, I'm emotional.
That's the understatement of the century on that thing.
But he is a basket case.
And all I got to do is, you know,
fart the wrong flavor in his direction and pour Johnny G.
Oh, G. Niels, pick it on me again.
You'll like that.
I can relate.
That's the way I am.
I'm a basket case.
But I've overcome that.
Everything is fine.
1192 my space friends.
We'd like to get to 1200 by the end of the year would be good.
And not that it really makes any difference.
Here's the poll for me yesterday.
1383.
That's not bad for a really crappy poll.
You know, this the voice thing isn't going to last very long.
And I did drink some more of that comfort.
What is it?
A constant comfort.
Okay.
I had a line.
No, I had a line, but I decided not to use it.
You don't need to.
I went in doubt.
Leave it out.
What do you think Neil wears while doing his daily show?
Now, I will say this.
No, I am wearing a t-shirt today because it's.
You know, I could make it as hot in here like a sauna if I wanted to.
I don't like using the regular building heat.
Because like I told you, the heat in the wintertime dries out your sinuses and makes you just really.
Oh, it makes me sick as hell.
So what I do, I have base forward heating in my building and also I got like, it's just fine.
But I do have the t-shirt and breathe.
That is not the correct answer though.
Today it would be 360.
Reef from t-shirt.
I gave them the right answer.
And there's still two still put it in the air.
I mean, this is just, this should tell you all you need to know about Florida.
Oh boy.
Garter belt and stockings 130.
I'm going out shopping for those this weekend after the snow subsides.
After I went enough money to buy a new wardrobe at Woodbuying today.
Garter belt and stockings.
Not just regular stockings, but the ones that come up to like your crack, you know.
Sure.
The ones that come up to like your crack, you know.
The ones that come up to like your crack, you know.
Sure.
The ones that come up to like your crack, you know.
Sure.
Still only 8.8% of the audience.
Even when I told them the right answer, they still know.
Now we know better than you do.
Everybody knows better than I do.
You know, that was the whole thing my whole life with my mother.
She knew it was better than she knew better.
No matter what it was, same with George.
Everybody I know knows better than I do.
That's right.
Well good.
I'm happy for you.
His bathrobe 110.
Don't have one here, but I'm wearing it.
These people, I hate this pool 108.
Not too bad, 7.8%.
Sharks and a Hawaiian shirt 106.
That sounds really gay.
Adult diapers 82.
That may start after that episode a couple days ago.
Tom Brady football jersey 76.
Brown quarter-wise in a plaid shirt 62.
How about a white, this four coat in a pink carnation?
What do you say?
Marty Robbins.
Yeah, you don't have it still, do you?
I don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
You were four hours into it.
I was working on it, but never wanted.
I showed the starting to get surrogate.
I better start taking that robot test again.
Because the flim has mostly subsided.
But if your throat is a little irritated when you have a cold
and then you start talking for four hours,
this would have been a really good day to take off the day.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
Valura sweatsuit 51.
Nada, nothing el Nudo 43.
That is the most disgusting thought.
If I was even though you can't see,
I would be so embarrassed just from the psychological impact
if the audience knew I was sitting here naked as a jaboury.
It just, oh man, all that flab and fat.
43 people said nothing.
Nightgown 41.
I thought you said nightgown was for like, gay ladies.
Well, they're good.
They're trying to say, you're fair.
Only a jock 32.
I still say jock is very uncomfortable.
I don't know why you tell me a jock strap is chuffed.
You must have had the wrong size.
Yeah.
No comment.
I'm not touching that.
Or the comment.
What I heard, yeah.
I can tell you about Jim Park.
I told you that story.
I can't tell it on the earth.
That was...
What do you mean you can't?
No, I did not tell you that story.
I did?
You did?
On the ear?
Yes, you did.
It was so moving.
Bokobrind wrote a song about it.
It was moving, as a matter of fact.
I think it's so bad.
That was...
That was...
That was in high school.
I think he was a senior.
I was a jolt 40.
I think I had a 10 or 20.
Anyway, well, he was sure of something else.
Tan Slice and maybe play...
See, the bad part about that is that was back when he would have been 18.
And that's 1960-59.
So that's 41.
It's 48 years ago.
So 48 and 17, he'd be 18.
He'd be 66 now, his older and I am.
Yeah.
So I bet you don't look that good anymore, Jim Park.
That goes to Shory.
If you wait long enough, if you're jealous of how some people look, just wait.
When you get to be 60, 70 years old, they don't look so good anymore.
Of course, I don't either, but I never did.
Tan Slice and maybe play the 25.
Line Green Pants, Pantaloonies.
15, that's the Florida Outfit Man, that's uniform, especially like in...
Symmetry Village and Windmore, places like that.
You gotta have your Line Green Pants.
Oh, yeah.
Tuxedo 12, right.
Three P-Suit 6 and a Night Shirt only 2.
Now, can you explain to me again the difference between a night gown and a night shirt?
Night Gowd is for women and a night shirt is for men.
Well, I've only got 2 that say that I'm a man and I got 29 that say I'm a woman.
Well, how do you like that?
You fair.
I didn't bother me.
Oh, no.
Oh, this story you just sent from East Med, only York.
A couple good ones.
I don't know how much reading I can do here today.
I don't have a lot of voice.
Read it to yourself.
Okay.
Hmm.
Wow.
The 13-year-old boy who's sonomized another boy with a drumstick in their school locker room
and he'd been over to pull up his pants.
Surprise!
Yeah.
Was arrested yesterday on Assault Chargers, police said.
I hope so.
Assault.
While the victim reached over to pull up his shorts,
oh, this is in the locker room.
I thought maybe he was just out in the hallway or something.
Another student poked him in the, oh, no.
Backed him with a wooden drumstick.
Now, that's not funny.
Police spoke to him in the effect.
It's urgent.
Anthony Repelone said.
I guess the, oh, no.
No, it was a rimstick.
Yeah, no kidding.
Repelone said the 5th or 6th attack at a 13-year-old middle school school.
Student caused the victim substantial pain.
He kind of went on.
Oh, my God.
Right.
The accused teenager, whose name was not released by police,
was being charged as a juvenile was to appear in a family court.
He would have faced felony charges had he been at least 16 years old police said.
I didn't know that it was a felony to attack somebody in the rear with a wooden drumstick,
but I guess it was a East Meadow, New York.
I don't know.
It better stop.
I don't know.
That sound like New York-y, like Long Island somewhere.
I have no idea.
School officials said that they learned about the incident from students today after the attack in the East Meadow School District.
The school notified parents of the victim who took him to receive medical attention and notified the police.
Not like that.
Wow.
Tacked in the...
Black Dome with a wooden drumstick.
Well, that's something he can write in his resume anyway,
but you're not too many 13-year-old guys ever were attacked with a wooden drumstick.
Especially in the...
Black Dome.
Waterham.
772 votes on today's poll.
We'll get a thousand easy.
This is an old brand new today.
And certainly, heads and shoulders, as they say in the Sham Food Business above yesterday's marginal poll.
Which Democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008?
772 votes.
Barack Obama is kicking big fat serious ass.
237...
It's really pretty close.
Al Gore was ahead when I first put this up last night.
Al Gore 194.
He's only like 640-3 votes behind.
Then that's amazing because he's not even running alleged.
Yeah.
Barack got 237.
He is the man.
Trust me when I tell you.
He is the great...
Not White Hope, but the great mixed...
Whatever he is, a great hope.
Mokalate.
There you go.
Al Gore 194.
Swellery's only got 85.
John Edwards 65.
Whoever.
50.
In other words, eh.
I'm a Republican 50.
Well, you know, nobody's perfect.
All we can say to you is, eh.
Bill Richardson 35.
I hate this poll 23.
Joe Biden 19.
And Howard Dean, which I omitted in my bad, George Hedges.
How come Howard Dean is not in there?
I said, eh.
Because I'm stupid.
And he's got 14 for Howard Dean.
Who's a good old being?
I think he'd be good, but he wouldn't have a child of his chance in hell when he left.
Oh.
Let's check.
Oh, nice and dark, man.
Ooh.
Nice and dark.
As dark green, I think you call it like, sharp truce.
The biggest name of best talent to the thesis, Neil Rogers.
Force Radio 560, SUAM.
Oh, me, oh, God.
Now, inside addition.
The death of Anna Nicole Smith, it's left some messy and very complicated legal battles.
You know what?
Honestly, I don't know where to start.
This paternity issue is getting crazy.
We now have someone else stepping up saying, I could be the father.
Hey, El Gore, you and Anna Nicole.
You know, I've been there and done that.
Really?
Oh, absolutely.
How many times?
Over and over again.
Aw, it's too difficult to count them.
Where was your favorite place to have sets?
In the end.
Where?
Behind.
No, what geographical location?
In a Winnebago with her poodle.
Pinkie.
I heard you can get into the upside down atomic wedgie position.
It's not a new position for me.
Well, you're a freak.
You ain't seen nothing yet.
Oh.
Help!
Put that thing away.
Oh.
Obitation will be fight back.
Ten, eighteen, five, sixty, WQM.
It's Eddie Kay, the staff, no, no, two.
How do you like that?
Wow.
Eddie Kay right in the middle of the daytime when people are walking around in a wake, Eddie Kay for the man dog at two o'clock.
Power hour with Hank and Eddie Kay from four to five.
No man dog today.
Hank Solo, five to seven.
Then we got Panther Pribe.
Panther shots.
Cannot he cut at Yens the LA Abatans, the frogs last night one zip.
Eddie DeBiegel finally got it together.
Panther's at Ottawa tonight, 730 with a guilty and the Red Deer Randy, silly ass.
And that's what we got going today.
Speaking of Al Gore, and there's a story come up, I'll get it for you in a second.
As soon as it ever pops up, let me see if it popped up.
No, it didn't pop up.
And the story either.
Narrowing fast.
There's a new US pool.
They see the ripping me off today.
It's not just the Paul and Old Ron.
By the way, they tried to put a thing on our MySpace page, Paul and Old Ron,
whoever's over there at the big stuff that we're the Mundo and China.
Okay, get out of my face about Johnny Deppie and I'm with them over there.
Who cares what they're doing, you know what?
Every single thing I talk about Johnny Deppie, I mean I would be on Zeta a hundred years ago.
And right away, all Paul's got Ryan, Johnny Depp on, great.
Good luck to you.
Now that he's old and you know, whatever.
Then he just make you want to puke.
A little bit.
Castor Novi, just annoys the hell out of me.
Narrowing fast, it says, Hillary holds just an 8% lead over Obama, a new national US pool.
And Al Gore is a 26% without even running yet.
Now that's kind of interesting because that's showing kind of like red along with what we're doing over here.
As his voice cracks, 807 on the pool.
Barack Obama, 246, Al Gore 200.
In fact, what did say?
Gore had 26% nationwide.
24.7% are pool.
Then how do you like that?
Amazing.
I beg your pardon?
Sorry, I have to have it a quiet all myself here.
What were you choked up about it?
Apparently.
Hillary's only got 91.
Johnny Depp reached 67.
I'm a Republican 53.
Well, let me say it again.
Nobody's perfect.
Whoever 51, they just don't care.
Bill Richardson 36.
I hit this full 24, you'll buy it in 24 and Howard Dean 15.
Old bean out of 807.
Got a thousand left easy.
And the good news is that you guys got a little char-hot today.
Not too much, just a little bit of ration.
Next time Duff comes in, they remind me to just rip him an ass.
But wouldn't be the first time I'm sure.
Speaking of Al Gore, rumors continue to swirl about whether or not former Vice President Al Gore will end of the race for the presidency in 2008.
According to an essay today in the New York Observer,
Gore wants to keep the buzz going about whether or not he'll end of the Democrats crowded fray
because the length of the decision helps him if he runs for president.
Steve Kornacky writes today that according to the latest rumors,
the rumor mill, the buzz,
Grovel considering the race for Democratic nomination in September,
if an opening presents itself, an opening,
the former Vice President spoke's first issue to a classic non-denial denial about Gore's plans.
And Kornacky, I sound pretty good to that, I don't understand why,
because when I woke up, man, I couldn't write.
I must add like a lump of the deep green flame, like right in my vocal cord,
I'll look out.
I thought, oh no, wait a day.
Coff drops in tea.
I have any Coff Drops.
I should give me some Hall's Mental Liptus.
I do have that comfort.
It tastes like old, like musty stuff.
Like the constant content.
Yeah.
It tastes like musty like mothballs.
Oh.
Something out of an old, stale, mildewy closet.
And don't you think?
Anyway, thank you, Patrick.
Sure, please.
The former Vice President spoke's first issue to a classic non-denial denial about Gore's plans
and Kornacky says, there are multiple reasons for Grovel to hold off and entering the race.
First, he can back on his name reputation, getting stronger in the intervening months,
as he continues to promote his message on controlling global warming.
Meanwhile, Kornacky writes, he can steer clear of any early skirmishes between
Swore, Barack Obama and John Edwards, instead allowing the three fronters to drive each other's negatives up.
In other words, he can kind of like stand off to the side while they rip each other's ass to shreds,
while they tear each other's kiskeys out as they say in China.
The moment Gore is looking for he adds is one in which the race becomes about Hillary.
The likely scenario for Gore to become a candidate is one in which he is convinced that he could quickly and
bloodlessly push Obama and Edwards aside, setting up a Hillary versus Al contest for the nomination.
But there are also reasons Gore might not choose to under the race if Obama or Edwards makes gains against
Kornacky writes that he may not want to further crowd the free.
He must also fear the risk of being branded for all of history, a two-time loser. That would be bad.
A two-time.
I think that's what I like about claiming the works right away, and I was actually able to enjoy my Thanksgiving.
Naspitellus, Gravis, and Trambyris, South-O-Woo!
Oh yeah, I like the service. Now we're cooking.
But Kornacky concludes that Gore is wanting to be present. Most of his life in wonder is, can he resist?
That's from the New York observer, which is a very strange looking newspaper.
It's not some good articles in it, but it kind of stands out like an off. I don't know what kind of color, like pink.
Pink, light brown, maybe the dog done something on it. I don't know.
Have you ever seen the New Yorker observer?
Not lately.
How many better be more observant?
I avoid the new cover.
Judge Rool's Anonical Smith's body must remain with the medical examiner.
Just in.
Over the body of Anonical Smith, Susan.
By the way, I see that.
Hey, what was down to Tony, he doesn't ask.
Have I seen who? The medical examiner here.
No. He's something to see.
There's our good friend, Susan Candy-Odi.
I love you, Susan.
I stayed quick for the moment.
A lot of people I love. They don't love me, but I love them.
That's okay.
While the dispute over an attorney test goes on, you recall that this attorney test matter was brought up by one of Anonical Smith's ex-boyfriend Larry Burkhead.
And his lawyer, to this day, got a judge in an emergency hearing in his chambers with none of the other parties represented.
Was it on their own chairs?
On their own chairs?
To hear their request for him to order an injunction to keep the body at the medical examiner's office.
The reason they wanted that down is that it's been the contention of the court.
Why? I'm sure this is what they're all saying to that.
She has had her illness.
Yeah.
I don't know if those things look so fake.
They are fake.
They are fake, but we don't care.
I know that, but I mean, talk about really fake.
I see.
I mean, she has something embedded in a watermelon pad.
They remain at the medical examiner's office.
Now, this also means that it is okay for the body to be embonged until that time.
Yeah, I heard she was there.
It's time to settle.
There was a concern expressed by the medical examiner yesterday and assigned at the David in saying that the time...
I think it's very naked in that picture.
Take the key.
It's decomposing as gruesome as it may sound.
Oh, it's decomposing.
Listen, how about if we get James Brown and Nicole and Liam side by each other?
We can say any cake in like I get the morning line out and who's going to decompose first.
I guess he will.
We've been dead a little longer.
The service and the life that she should be embonged sooner than later.
So that's an happen.
So Susan, just to sort of be clear about this.
Yeah, let's be clear about this.
This is a myth's body can't be buried yet until there is some kind of final determination.
They smell so bad they just can't take it normal.
I think that's a determining factor isn't it?
When it smells so bad that nobody can even remember in a silence of lambs?
Yeah.
Now, what was that stuff that they were inhaling because the stench of death was so bad?
I don't know.
I thought it was a vix or something like that.
Man, you are sick.
That vix is good stuff.
I started talking about the airstain and you sidetracked me.
No, it was Chris that did that.
Chris sidetracked me because he doesn't know from vix.
He was talking about mustard plasters and sticking it on your chest and the vix too.
The hot poultice?
Yeah, hot poultice.
Whatever the hell that means.
Actually, the vix is just wonders.
I put it under my neck.
Under my chin, under my neck and right by my vocal cords.
And then also under my nose, under my shoulders, under my upper lip.
It's a good way to keep a stiff upper lip.
827 votes on the pole.
Al Gore is still only 43 behind Barack Obama and he's not even running.
How do you like that?
I don't think there's any comparison.
I think, although I think Gore could win easy, I still think Barack Obama can win because he's got the charisma.
He's got the personality.
He's got it, man.
He is a rock star.
He is a young, living and breathing dynamic human beings.
That's what we need.
It's supposed to all these daughtering old fools like those of us here on QAN.
That's what you'll find over this name.
Daughtering that oil.
Sorry, Joel.
Roger.
We got the number.
Radio 560.
Radio 8M.
It means just the way I like him.
Goodbye, Anna Cole.
Goodbye, Pasty Holder.
They'll need us.
You haunt to wed you inside of the I know case.
To know where your bad ass in the ground.
Guess you can't spend that money now.
But you sure die trying.
Say how's that white trash diet that was gonna get you back to me with whiskey and in bed of me?
And I'm really surprised that you do have to die because you were that dumb.
You accomplished nothing and it became a media superstar.
I would have asked you to break this wanky but can't no more.
And now that corporate media has something other to pitch outside of crazy panther wearing astronaut food.
Man, he just he is just too good to be true.
You know, yes he is.
Old chicken echoed Baldi.
We love you Baldi.
You're okay in our book.
Little only weird stuff.
But that's why we like you.
Just like Jim Skiler said.
A schlepper like Boka Brian has got their equipment than him.
I'm just smitten with it.
I don't know what it is about that.
But what is that called?
I want to be like, huh?
I want to be like Jim Skiler.
I want to be Jim Skiler.
Yeah, that's it.
This is I don't know what it is.
Err, when I turn up I want to be just like Jim Skiler with a $30 key for tea.
Not bad man.
I wouldn't need to file a fancy pat or a computer.
A microphone and tape-legged wheel.
Even a schlepper like Boka Brian has better equipment but even sound.
Oh, and I grow up I want to be just like Jim Skiler.
Then I wouldn't have to spend my day.
Here comes my son.
I wouldn't have to spend my day.
I think that sounds just fine.
Oh, we're fine.
1033 he's a crazy guy too.
See the crazy people are the ones we like the best because they do the best work.
That's right.
Sure would Ross writes, but my voice is completely back.
This is a nerdy.
It's a miracle.
I think we'll have a big day at Woodbind today, Ma'am.
You just had some fuzz in there.
Well, the article says in America if you won't impeach this tyrant, who will you impeach?
Long, by the way.
I don't think I will get through all of this.
You can do it in stages.
Staging?
He plays for the Leafs.
Please, by the way, lost in the shootout last night and the panthers beat Montreal.
Just for the you hockey fan out there.
We have any hockey fans?
Oh, sorry.
We got the panthers in Ottawa Senators in Ottawa tonight.
Any interest at all?
No.
I knew you wouldn't.
Well, I see the Adolphins are raising ticket prices again.
And you do know Lychris because of the excellent product they're putting on the field.
Well, you know, we're going to have money for the new coach.
And because we keep the dolphins keep making a playoffs every year and they want all these super balls and etc.
Cool.
Anyway, sure would Ross write, what's that?
Oh, I just like to say.
I'll just like to say.
Oh, if you, my fellow Americans, will not demand the impeachment of the worst president in American history,
a man who was attrated to our constitution and instigator of unjust wars,
a destroyer of worlds, a strutting global tyrant, and attracted the very survival of human life on this planet.
Who will you impeach?
This George W. Vostis was astral, this smirking twister of truth, this volcano of lies,
this heinous torturer, this killer of innocence, this thief of Baghdad, this mass murderer,
this open sewer of aggressive militarism.
In short, this blot on the very name of America must be compelled by Congress
and the American people are right there for his alleged and apparent crimes.
What does he really think?
He and every couple of members of his cabal must be impeached and made to stand trial before the Senate
for the genocide of Iraq and countless other criminal acts.
One of the least of his crimes ordering wiretaps without court order and violation of the 78 foreign intelligence surveillance act
and titles him to a five-year incarceration at Levinworth for trampling the Fourth Amendment's protection against unreasonable search and seizure.
His most heinous crime, the war of aggression upon Iraq violates the UN Charter
and other covenants to which the West is a signatory, a war with an unleashed,
then-U. unsecretary general, Kofiyanid, denounced as illegal.
Surely Americans who are too timid to sign a petition for impeachment,
if I will consider there are 650,000 Iraqis who had they lived,
could have written their signatures in their own blood.
Far from being the war of self-defense, it was claimed the war on Iraq is a crime of aggression
since it exposes a mechanism for steaming Iraq's oil wealth
and a war that's brought about the destruction and dismemberment of an innocent nation.
In October 2005, an if-soaked public affairs poll found 50% of the public agreed with the statement
if President Bush didn't tell the truth about his reasons for going to war with Iraq,
Congress should consider holding him accountable by impeaching him.
A year later, a news we poll-fought a majority-favored impeachment.
Now his new evidence comes to light each day documenting how Bush and his aides lied
to this nation into a criminal war of aggression.
Yes, Justice Hitler lied when he invaded Poland,
Justice Stalin lied when he invaded Finland,
Justice Mussolini lied when he invaded Ethiopia,
Justice Japan lied when invaded China.
The numbers of Americans who want George W. Bush impeaches swallowing by the millions.
Passively favoring impeachment though is not the same as actively demanding it of the Congress.
At the Constitutional Convention, Ben Franklin insisted on the inclusion of the impeachment provision in the name of fairness
to give the President an opportunity to defend against charges of high crimes and misdemeanors.
Otherwise, Franklin said the only way to remove an air in president would be to assassinate him.
Today, Americans have more urgent reason to remove King George Bush the two from office than the Congress had for overthrowing King George III and founding this nation.
King George III's crimes against the Congress were nothing compared to the damage this self made King George Bush the two was visited upon America and Americans and upon the Middle East.
Even though he's not a King, George W. Bush conducts himself as one for he has ever gated to himself sweeping King Lee Powers.
Powers seized in secret power stolen in the dead of night without debate.
Powers had grandized with the compliance of a lie to Congress.
And they would take a drink.
Powers to arrest any citizen fling the individual in jail and throwing away the key.
Powers to listen in on any private conversation.
Powers to order the pentagrams spying on anti-war protesters in the clergy.
Powers to win or any home and search and seize without a warrant.
Powers to read without a court order any citizens mail on internet communications.
Powers to invade our library records and our medical records and our financial papers.
See, I told you it wouldn't last.
It's bad, huh? I said daily.
Oh, well, it's still dripping, man.
You know, it's dripping.
I better do the break and then when I come back, because it's not that long, very long enough.
And the story's paid.
23-11 of QAM, where we're dying over here.
The biggest name of the best of all.
The best of all.
The best is the Royal Rogers, 4th radio 560.
The QA.
I join your honey.
Don't lie.
All the hard burns.
Don't don't know every time I see.
Don't don't know that we are in which.
Don't don't know.
Call my TV.
Oh, he's president of the ****.
Republigate muscle, baby.
And in our tingling idiot.
I don't know why they wanted to come.
But now he's here.
First comes the next four years.
With president of the ****.
Love or fall ****.
Or what I get to know both ones more.
And get me a bullet hole.
If you want this, don't come to live, strumming stupidly.
And this drug in which kid.
Don't don't know even.
Lumber than me.
These president of ****.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got a meal by hooker and roll.
Holy Christian, roll.
Hold what's best of you and die in the hell no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president of ****.
Don't don't don't.
Oh, president of ****.
First to show you, man, when you think you got your voice back, when you got all that nasal drip and all that nasty dark green mung just dripping down into your throat.
And our bow work was this not easy, but I'll struggle along.
I'm struggling.
And I got to story about that.
Nationwide pull, by the way.
Swellery ain't exactly kicking ass.
Maybe her own.
Sure would rust, by the way, who wrote this thing that I'm reading.
He's an American reporter, worked for Major American newspapers magazines, as well as international wire services.
Just for those who are getting real picky.
Well, who would have wrote this crap?
Anyway, it goes on.
Even though he's not a king, George W. Bush conducts himself as one free.
He's aggregated to himself sweeping kingly powers, power seized in secret, power stolen in the dead night without debate.
Power is a grand dies with the compliance of a lied to Congress.
Powers to arrest any citizen, fling the individual in jail and throw away away the key.
Powers to listen in on any private conversation.
Powers to order Pentagon spying on any more protesters and the clergy.
Powers to enter any home in search and seas without a warrant.
Powers to read without a court order.
Any citizens mail in internet communications.
Powers to invade our library records and our medical records and our financial papers.
Powers to nullify the acts of Congress.
Powers to reach around the globe and kidnap any foreigner off any street in any country.
And remove them without trial to some remote dungeon for torture.
Powers to scrap binding treaties.
Powers to invade other countries with great armies on lies and pretext.
To make war upon them and to dragnet arrest their citizens.
Powers to tear people away from their native lands and their families.
And to remove them to distant secret prisons without recourse.
To the most primary principles of law.
Without lawyers, without trials, without habeas, corpus, without red cross visits.
And to detain them forever.
And they're to torture them until bodily disintegration is suicide.
Or death.
Or...
Part of these things.
All of these things.
The President must also be impeached for the mass roundup and arrest.
A foreigner is living in the U.S. for the military incarceration of U.S. citizens.
For violating the First Amendment rights of Americans.
For violating the Third and Fourth Geneva conventions.
For reinstitution of the notorious Co-Intell Pro-Spy program.
For violating the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
For violating Article 2 of the UN Charter by Crimes Against Peace.
For violating what the UN Committee on Torture last made declared was the ill-treatment of detainees.
And violation of the International Convention against Torture.
For violating the Hague regulations on Land Warfare.
For violating the Nuremberg Charter banning the wanton devastation of a city or area.
For violating the genocide convention by turning a racket away, Charnel House.
For violation of his Commander-in-Chief of U.S. Army Field Manual Regulation 2710.
Against conspiracy to commit war crimes.
For usurping the power to imprison people arbitrarily for indefinite periods.
By making himself Judge Injury.
For creating illegal secret prisons by executive order.
For lowering a shroud of secrecy over the operations of U.S. government.
For willful non-compliance with the Freedom of Information Act.
For failure to faithful execute the laws including Article 6 of the Constitution.
That holds U.S. treaties shall be the supreme law of the land.
For resuming work on nuclear devices and re-initiating a nuclear arms race.
In defiance of the nuclear arms treaty.
For terrorizing Iran with a threat of nuclear war.
For using illegal weapons against Iraq such as White phosphorus.
Depleted uranium of ammunition at a new type of napalm.
For launching an aggressive campaign to militarize space in order to dominate the earth.
For violating the bacteriological warfare covenant by engaging in Jurem warfare research.
Excluding the restoration of long dead pathogens that impair all the planet.
And for the creation of delivery assistance for such sinister pathogens.
It is for all these reasons.
All of these things.
And likely for treacherous reasons yet undiscovered.
The American people must stand up to their sacred obligation to appease George W. Bush now.
Absolutely.
If the American people will not do it for themselves.
And the name of their sons and daughters being slain in this Holocaust.
We are morally obliged to do so.
The name of the people of Iraq upon whom the saddest in the White House has hurled down.
A hellish reign of Brimstone.
For if we do not impeach this terror.
We'll deserve the lowest theme that is now the veritable universal opinion about America.
If we do not impeach.
We'll go on living as oppressed objects unworthy of the name citizens.
People whose federal government has turned us into a nation of.
Patsy, stooges, victim, sheep and doops.
People will make no outcry when our blood, our treasure, our time, our precious liberties.
And even our dreams for world of peace.
Our stolen from us by this ministry humanity.
This George W. Bush the most dangerous and despicable human being.
Every who occupies public office in America.
What does he really think?
Should we hold this?
Nice article should be written.
Should we hold this?
Kick ass.
Now, getting back to that poll.
I can't do this for four hours.
I'll tell you that.
You're a crazy person.
You're a crazy person.
You'll be a crazy person.
You'll be a crazy person.
Anyway, Senator Clinton holds slim lead over Obama and New Poll.
Go out 26 percent but he's not even running.
How do you like that?
The Al Gore factor.
Well, he did win in 2000.
You know, he should be the president.
Law, that's something to say.
Huh?
Law, bog.
Are you trying to say that Big Al is boring?
Yeah, but that's beside the point.
Senator Hillary Clinton holds an 8 percent lead over Barack Obama among Democratic candidates.
And the latest terrorist interactive poll just out today.
Just in time for Valentine's Day.
By the way, happy Valentine's Day to all you ladies out there and all you pansies.
Guys don't, you know, we don't wish guys even on this show, happy Valentine's Day.
Do we?
That's unsolved.
Yeah, even I'm not.
Well, I guess I am.
What?
Letting you beat me to the punchline set.
But I mean, I just, I don't know.
I just, to me, it's just so faded.
Or one guy to wish another guy happy Valentine's Day.
Oh, you don't think?
Yeah, I do think I agreed with you before the show.
I mean, I wouldn't even wish Josh Corris happy Valentine's Day.
I mean, other than, you know, love him.
In just and stick, you know, the public conducted among nearly 3,500 adults of Democratic Republican
independent voters reveals that one in five U.S. adults would choose Clinton in a list of all possible candidates
with Obama's second at 10 percent and Rudy Giuliani at eight.
The survey also indicates that 45 percent of respondents would first choose a Democrat for president compared to 31 percent
who would first choose a Republican.
Among Democratic candidates, Clinton and Obama tapped the list, which ended with its third at 28 percent.
And former vice president Al Gore has even announced his intention to run at 26 percent.
Scary John Kerry is a distant fifth with 12 percent.
And Julie Lieberman, oh my goodness, all I can say to that is,
who is only behind Obama among Republicans choosing a Democrat.
Among Republican candidates, Colin Powell, who hasn't expressed a desire to run leads with 32 percent,
must be because he lied to the world and he win when he held up that vile,
what was vile acts and lied through his teeth about anthrax and all that crap.
A Colin Powell leads with 32 percent among Republicans, Giuliani, second at 29 and then John McCain 26
and Condom Liza, oh please, and not Condom Liza at 19 percent.
Oh yeah, oh please run her.
Yeah, please run Condom Liza, I would agree with that.
Second at emotion, like Smokey would say.
Let's have a little Smokey Robinson, a little Motown here today for next two hours and whatever.
Come it right up, but purge.
Yeah, I want it.
Because it came up earlier.
There you go.
Oh, I'm Marty Robbins, I can't believe it, you domain.
I cannot believe it.
I did download it, I just forgot where I needed it.
I just exploded or something.
I do that.
Something close to my weekend, yes.
Just in time for Valentine's Day.
No, don't stop it.
Oh my favorite songs of all time, I love this.
And I hate companies.
Marty Robbins, you still did, though, right?
Yeah, I just...
Did I tell you how I interviewed him after his death?
No.
It was at the radio station in Montana where I worked.
We had these canned interviews that we had to edit our own voices into.
Oh, yeah.
The regular feature.
And obviously I didn't know he was long since dead.
So, you know, it was just the next one up in line and I cut it and aired it.
We were flooded with phone calls from old codgers like,
Hey, daddy, that's a yes.
How are you interviewing him?
You fakers.
Well, nobody else could do it.
I know.
Probably real feather in your cap.
It was a psychic interview.
I was a channel leader.
They say in Anselaigne, a real feather in your cap.
It was a boring interview, too, as you might imagine.
It was a dandy.
What does that mean?
Yeah.
I think that's what the bridge is.
Not what the bridge could say.
Yeah.
It was a dandy.
Why is it?
I was taking Marty Robinson.
Oh, I'm sorry, I had a whole thing.
Oh, anyway.
It's one of your records, man.
I would say 1958.
It's very close.
1957.
All right.
Boy, am I a sharp as a monster ball or what?
I am so good.
Just ask me.
I'll tell you.
I'm phenomenal.
Not too many people have heard me.
I'm so happy.
I'm getting shocked that I'm about it.
That's how good I am.
I'm legendary and I'm spectacular.
889 votes.
So we got 1,000 left today.
It's fine.
Okay, that's enough for Marty Robinson.
That is a good song.
Don't you like that song?
I do.
How about Chris?
You like that?
You hated it.
Actually, it wasn't too bad.
Really?
Yes.
Yeah.
As country music goes, it wasn't one of those depressing ones about,
where is that Larry Lujac?
Was anything about Tieren as beer and his wife,
to have over his car?
Oh, I love it.
Here's the wife from the song.
It took a hell of a man to take my hand,
but Trident didn't take it long.
I like that.
Yeah.
She ain't much to see,
but she looks good through the bottom of a glass.
Oh, yes.
I've heard that one.
That's a good one.
I wouldn't take you to a dogfight,
even if I thought you could win.
Don't cry down my back, baby,
you might rust my spurs.
If fingerprints showed up on skin,
I wonder who's I'd find on you.
Here's a good one.
If you get the feeling that I don't love you, feel again.
Here's one.
Obviously, there's some guy singing this song,
and he's in some cheap flusy bedroom at the time.
I'm ashamed to be here,
but not ashamed enough to leave.
That kind of sums up our situation here at WLS too.
I'm ashamed to be here,
but not ashamed enough to leave.
We'll just take the money.
Thank you.
I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart.
Oh, I want to hear it.
You really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this.
You don't almost drink and they've been doing.
It's the bottle against the Bible
and the battle for Daddy's soul.
Here's what I really like.
It's Commode Hugin' Time in the Valley.
If you want to keep the beer real cold,
put it next to my ex-wife's heart.
My wife, friend,
off with my best friend, and I miss him.
You thought the bird was historical.
A little tummy there.
He's going to bust a gun, didn't it?
What's he on?
Does he share?
He's on something.
Really good, obviously.
Larry Lujek was really great.
He's got a blog.
He's right now, I guess.
I was reading about it somewhere.
Maybe inside radio there today.
He was great on the air, but off the air,
in fact, he once sent me,
where the hell would that have been?
I got an email from him and where the hell would he have
my email address?
Oh, this is years ago,
long before any of this MySpace stuff.
Where the hell would he have my email address?
Anyway, I got it and he was over in Sarasota
somewhere and just ripped me and asked about it.
So it told me you were a hostile nasty son of a bitch.
I don't know what to add,
even though what that's all about.
Even though he knew I existed.
I have no idea what it was all about.
Pretty sure it was Larry Lujek.
I think so, or maybe it was somebody in person name Larry.
Maybe it was, yeah, it could have been him.
You never know.
He never really sure when it was messages just come in
from outer space.
Anyway, Larry Lujek was great.
WLS, I think he was on CFL for a while too in Chicago.
And anybody who lived up north, of course,
heard all those stations.
Even in the morning,
an upstate in New York, you could hear WLS.
Even in the daytime.
I like that.
Here we're on QAM though,
and if you got a good computer,
you can listen to us online.
If you have a radio, it's probably not too good.
1056 at QAM.
The biggest name,
the best talent.
The best name,
the best name,
the watchers.
Force radio 560.
QAM.
Oh my god.
This is your brain.
Oh my god.
Any questions?
Real American A-holes.
Real American A-holes.
Wiesel Lujek.
Mr. Support the war in Iraq,
but we'll never volunteer guy.
Mr. Support the war in Iraq,
but we'll never volunteer guy.
You fully endorse the war on terror.
But they don't get American shopper in fact, Dad.
So it looks like you'll be sitting this one out.
Love to watch the turtles now.
Your blood boils when you view the carnage on the evening news.
But hey,
you have season tickets on the 40-yard line.
And isn't that the real American dream?
I almost read the playoffs.
Sure.
Your grandfather left an arm in Normandy.
And Uncle Jimmy still thinks he's in denial.
But things are different now.
They didn't have to program their iPod.
Yeah, well, Mr. Podcast now.
The sight of Sadan Hussein's lifeless body dangling in the air
gave you chills.
But so does Central Air.
And that's why you're staying put.
So we salute you.
Mr. Support the war in Iraq,
but we'll never volunteer guy.
The yellow ribbon matted on your high grip.
Your FDNY ball cap and your summer home.
You are a real American A-hole.
It's 11.02.560.
Speaking of real American A-hole,
the position of US troops.
Oh, brother.
It's just I get the chills.
I get very upset and have a relapse every time I see him on my TV screen.
Oh, brother.
I wonder if city pulses got him on or two if they're carrying this.
I don't hope not.
I hope the Canada can avoid.
Let's see.
Hamilton was hit even harder as drivers discovered this morning
when they couldn't get any traction.
I do like that.
Well, I tell you Hamilton and I were falls.
Usainc cancer and snow off the old and of course upstate New York.
Like I told you yesterday,
all new people out there from Buffalo Rochester,
Binghamton, Syracuse,
Batavia,
Ithaca,
all these other places who reminisce about the good old days
and how wonderful was North-State New York.
Yeah, Rochester, we had Don and Bob.
That's about it.
Comsill,
had lilacs, you know.
That was pretty much it.
Trying to think of something else,
or vicarnerves.
Anything else good in Rochester?
Not that I can recall.
And the 12 corners, of course.
Earl's Barbershop.
No, I'm sorry.
It was Earl's drugs.
I don't remember what the Barbershop was.
Isn't it amazing how you can remember it?
When I was a kid,
my address,
I told you this long time ago.
I can't remember what I had for lunch yesterday,
but my our phone number in Rochester was
Monroe 577OM.
What the hell is that mud row business?
Oh, it's M.O.
As in Moe.
Moe for your money.
Monroe 577,
and you know how long ago that was?
A hundred years?
That was, huh?
A hundred years?
About 150 years ago.
Monroe 577's and the address was 123 for Reena Drive
in Rochester, like a block away from the 12 corners
on Monroe Avenue,
Winton Road.
That's for all your Rochesterians out there.
By the way, Rochester sucks.
Okay, I hate to break the news to you.
I mean, you know, I mean,
I mean, I've been back a couple of times,
and it was still there.
You know,
and then of course once they closed up Don and Bob,
I said,
oh, I'm not going back there in no Moe.
I got 9009 votes on the pool.
And Barack is a full and away from Al Gore,
although Al is hanging in there pretty good.
Forgot it's not even running.
I have no problem with Al Gore.
Me is boring.
Me either.
He's okay.
It isn't supposed to be about personalities.
Unfortunately, it is.
Listen.
At this point in time,
we need a dynamic young,
just like what Kennedy ran in 16.
That's what we need.
Somebody young,
and a full of them in figure,
and whatever goes with them,
and whatever.
I'm telling you,
the guy who's got a vision.
The guy who's got some balls,
got a big pair.
When Shakespeare, you know,
everybody always talks about Cleopatra,
and how beautiful she was in the audio.
Well, here's an article that might like
turn your whole ass around.
Well, she was supposed to be a ugly beast.
Well, guess what?
What?
When Shakespeare wrote that the face of Cleopatra,
the ancient queen of Egypt,
beggared all the description.
He meant that words could not
sum up her beauty,
maybe in the bugger.
I think that's what it was.
Buggered all the description.
But a coin dating from 32 BC.
Correct them.
Well, they know those Romans, man.
The Romans in the griefs.
They sure had their way.
How in the story that you're reading?
How old is this story?
I think it was in 38 minutes.
I think I read it in high school.
You know, if you're going to start
peeing in my parade,
I'm going to throw a comforter right over your head.
Dry what I hope.
Yeah.
No, one from Vegas.
A what blanket?
A coin dating from 32 BC.
And put on display in Britain yesterday,
Mr. Smarty Pants,
heard your hot shy.
Put on display in Britain yesterday,
shows the phrase had an unintended double meaning.
It depicts the queen as no great looker
with a pointed chin thin-lit and a sharp nose.
Man, you want to see these coins.
She looks nasty.
Ooh, we, man.
I think the story that I read was when the coin was discovered.
They're finally putting it on display.
Can I finish the story or not?
No, listen, if you keep talking, it's good for my voice.
That's what I'm saying.
I'm watching there cleaning up the roads here real good.
We had to say maybe two, three inches of snow
for whatever it was supposed to be.
Here in the GTA,
for all those people,
keep track of the Toronto weather.
And here's your president.
Uh-oh.
I wasn't a long time.
I was a little too deep.
People in my administration heard a lot of things.
I was a little too deep.
He's getting worse as he goes along.
He must be doing heavy,
beautiful.
He must be doing whatever Teresa Heinz
Carrie was doing.
Anyway, getting back to Cleopatra,
if we must.
Boy, she looked like that.
My goodness.
Her lover, Mark Anthony,
fears a little better on the coin's flip side.
The Roman general is shown with a
hook nose, bulging eyes, and a thick neck.
Don't have any idea.
If you're really wondered,
I mean, I realize maybe I've got too much time on my hands,
which is very obvious lately, especially.
Sorry about that.
When you have too much time on your hands,
you bugged a lot of people.
I don't mean to bug anybody.
But it's been a bulging eyes.
But have you ever wondered about what people
really looked like back in the day?
I mean, not that we really have a way of knowing.
We see all these statues,
but that doesn't really mean very much.
Right.
And not until photography.
I always figure that they must have flattered them up,
but then on the other hand,
what might have been flattering to them might be ugly to us.
So who knows?
Maybe they were actually better looking.
Yeah.
So maybe some of them ancient Romans really were hot numbers, man.
Yeah.
You never know.
Never know.
The portraits are a long way from the famously salty depiction
of the couple by Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor
in the 63 film, Cleopatra.
That's before Liz's started to be going ballistic.
No, she was already starting to get far.
Oh, she was going to be a boozin and other people.
And discussing things all beast-done and swollen.
Bag hack, yeah.
The coin is gone on display at Newcastle University
in North East England on Valentine's Day after years of lying in a bank.
Cleopatra, who also had an affair with legendary Roman Emperor Julius Caesar,
also inspired Shakespeare to write one of his most famous lines,
age cannot wither her nor custom-stale her infinite variety.
Wasn't that sweet?
On Valentine's Day, no, it was happy Valentine's Day to all you ladies out there
and all you queens.
And you, a hero, guys, don't want nobody wishing you,
well, I don't know.
I guess if your girlfriend or wife were a both,
wish you a happy Valentine's Day, that would be okay, wouldn't it?
Sure.
If they gave something really special for Valentine's Day, that's right.
Not to get too specific.
Although it probably only is one thing.
But Lindsay Allison Jones, the University's Director of Archaeological Museum,
said that the image of her is a great beauty.
It's comparatively modern.
Dating back to medieval English poet Jeffrey Chaucer.
I think I read some in Chaucer and I really wish I don't remember doing it.
There's a lot of talk in Washington about benchmarks I agree.
Yeah, I agree too, that you need to go.
Impeach today.
Worry tomorrow, but impede today.
Roman writers tell us that Cleopatra was intelligent and charismatic
and that she had a seductive voice.
But telling me they did not mention her beauty, she said.
Well, that's because she didn't have any.
Can't complain about Cleopatra's beauty, she didn't have none.
It's one of those perpetual myths that's been perpetuated by having people
like Elizabeth Taylor playing her,
it's very difficult to get that out of people's psyches.
She does look as if she's forgotten to put her teeth.
Yes, yes.
I think that's telling you.
She does look as if she's forgotten to put her teeth in that's bad.
She looks like an old clone.
Oh, the picture on the coin.
I mean, I have never seen too such gruesome I am serious man.
She'd be looking bad.
Which hood.
Boy, it self represents one hundredth of a Roman soldier's salary
and was probably minted to pay the wages of those stations in Egypt.
Wouldn't it be great if we had the time tunnel?
Whether without James Deren, could go back in time.
Yeah, maybe one of the most wonderful things.
And of course, be able to come back.
I guess, I don't know, although we've got some bad stuff going on now.
Thanks to.
Thanks to him.
But nevermind.
Wouldn't that be great to be able to see how those...
And of course, I still wonder about the ancient times.
Remember we were talking about the Brits?
What was that movie?
Which movie with my boy James Of Franco?
Which was.
You know the one I'm talking about.
Tristan and his older.
His old.
His...
His...
But anyway, in that movie they got all that armor on and all that other stuff
and they were wearing all these layers of clothing.
Yeah.
And you wondered how they were ever like doing a quickie, you know, back in those days.
And they obviously were.
There's no question about that.
In fact, even in Tristan and his old.
I don't think they were doing quickies.
Yeah, they were pretty quick, I guess.
They sure knew how to draw that sword, but at any rate.
You just never wonder about that?
They had all those layers of clothing, my God.
Yeah, just to...
What I wonder about is how bad did it smell.
Not if it smelled, but how pungent was it?
And could you...
Wait, and maybe...
Maybe I really don't want you to do this, but maybe the audience is wondering what is the it that you're talking about?
Uh-huh, all of it.
Anything you name?
Yeah, yeah.
Well, I guess there probably wasn't no bodywashed back then.
I'm very proud of Chris, by the way, that told us yesterday that he's doing bodywash and not soap.
I'm gonna say it again.
Any body that's doing bodywash now, I mean doing soap now, is somebody wants to drop it.
There's no question.
Yeah, I got tired of that film over your skin.
Yeah.
That coating over the soap, and of course that monglic, it's on it.
Because what you're doing is you're smeared it on your body and so whatever dirt that it's taken off there, it's also getting on the soap.
Unless you're using a wash cloth, which the Lufa thing is really good for the bodywash.
Now, you use one of those, Chris, you don't have to be...
Yes, that's right.
There you go.
That's the way to do it.
A real man uses a Lufa in bodywash.
People have to look at him.
He got a little bit of that old skin.
That's what's right there.
They'll really throw off the old cells, man.
And scrub all that shmuts off your body.
Some bodywash.
A few people still using the soap, especially, like my mother, I told you, always buy that ivory soap, you know, the...
Yeah.
The clothes that might explain.
Yeah, it floats all right and so do I, maybe that was what happened to me.
Oh, I never did get around.
Well, I told you someday I'll tell you that whole story of my childhood.
That it'll be kind of fun.
That the jet park story.
I never told that story on the air.
I told it on the air more than once in a great detail.
I sure couldn't tell it now.
No, no, you can't.
Oh, you told me to buy about half a second for that bath.
It was then, by his locker room, and I'm going to tell you, you talk about old glory.
I mean, I came out of that shower stall.
I forget what I was going to my locker to get something like my job strap or whatever.
And there is Jim Park.
Man, he might have been the best looking guy I've ever seen in my life.
He was like, I don't want to go through it.
Like if you walk her and said, look at that guy.
Yeah.
No, there was only one thing that was on my mind.
My God, is that thing real?
That's kind of what I was thinking.
And of course, I'm sure it was, but that's about as close as I got.
That's not been cold that day.
Oh, man, all the missed opportunities in life.
Well, let me tell you how you young whipper snappers out there.
And I still don't know what that means.
What's a whipper?
Don't miss the opportunities, man.
If you got a shot at it, grab it.
That's my suggestion to you.
Beware of exploding balls.
Now, for the Stiffwood heterosexual counseling center, the Reverend Ted Haggard.
Hello, friends.
You may remember hearing about me a few months ago, when there were some nasty rumors involving me and a male escort.
Well, it turns out, I was just confused.
After working with the trained professionals at the Stiffwood heterosexual counseling center, I can probably say, I am 100% straight.
That's right.
You'd never catch the Reverend Ted Haggard sharing a Snickers bar with another man until our lips made an a kiss.
Of course, if I was stranded on a desert aisle with, let's say, Brad Pitt.
And we had no food.
And it turns out, Brad was hiding a Snickers bar.
And I called him eating it.
And I started knowing on the other end, in my lips, accidentally bruised Brad Pitt's lips.
Well, that wouldn't be gay, right?
Where was I?
Oh, yes.
Now that I am 100% to not day, 100% to...
I can leave a normal life.
Not tormented with thoughts of sweaty shirtless young men.
And I can do 100% normal stuff.
Like drive through my neighborhood like I am now.
Checking out the chicks.
Hey, baby.
And you're going out and getting lunch.
Well, I am cured.
Welcome to Terry Queen.
Can I take your order?
Yes.
I would like the footlong hot dog with mustard and veins.
The Stiffwood heterosexual counseling center.
When you need to claim your homo, no mo.
I can't believe it.
You hear the buzzer going off?
Can you hear that?
Microwamp, did you hear it?
I heard it a little bit.
Wow.
That means my hot water, my tea is ready.
I actually want to let it get cold.
So what are you going to do in the 30 seconds it's going to take for me to...
But third man!
Go in the kitchen and grab my...
That was just bad timing, I guess.
Or maybe it was good timing.
Maybe we could put your present in it off.
Don't do that.
I shall lay me in here.
I'd rather hear this dead guy.
Okay.
Oh no comment.
The person I was standing in this article of the deal about,
how do you do me?
Somebody sent me?
Yeah, of course.
I did that razor that they were talking about.
We were talking about that.
Yes, and we're also in everything that was ravly,
really good.
I would have told you that.
That's only what you got.
I went on to get it.
Thank you so much for whatever article you're going to send me.
I heard some mumbling in the back.
Yeah, but not mumbling.
You're not mumbling anymore.
Thank God you're going to be mumbling.
Maybe you know who maybe dropped off of our MySpace.
Maybe what's his name?
Jerry, the Evolum Collector.
Erick, do you want to ask yesterday?
That's exactly Johnny G.
I'm going to send you the article,
but also I'm going to send you the link to the site
because they have some interactive videos that you can click on.
Of what?
What is it?
I didn't hear what you were mumbling.
I mean, I'm talking about.
How to shave the modern nail?
Oh, are you starting with us again?
I'm not starting.
Somebody sent me this article and I'm going to send it to you.
Okay.
Whatever you say.
And of course, if it's a Mexican,
does that make him a Mexican?
Oh, oh, a pigist?
That's bad.
Well, the least Miguel is half-attended and half-Mexican,
which half is which?
He looked pretty good once upon a time before his ass got bigger
than an apartment complex.
He was really great.
He still is great.
I'm sure, but of course, I'm out of touch with that stuff.
We don't have a whole bunch of Julios here.
We got everything else.
I wonder why that is.
Well, I guess Julio's don't like cold weather, right?
They don't.
Although there's a lot of Julio's in Jersey.
I think I'm pretty crappy weather in Jersey.
And Jersey sucks.
So I don't know what that's all about.
Union City, wait.
They're on the list.
I know it's on the list.
We'll get there.
Don't know.
They're very few Julios here.
Just point my concierge is here.
I'll just wait.
146 votes on the pool.
Let's take a quick put.
Oh, here it is.
How to shave the modern mail in which a helpful corporate...
It's bad title.
Courages you to please groom your well, whatever.
I'm just popped up there on the bottom.
I have an email from Jorge Rodriguez.
See.
Which Democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008?
That's our poll today.
And when just coincidentally with that raw story poll that we had before too,
what are genius I am occasionally.
Not very often though.
946 votes before the hour's over will have a thousand.
And then I can just really sit back and relax.
Barack Obama, 282.
He is the man.
Trust me when I tell you.
Make no.
And you know, the amazing part of it is that he's doing so well in the national polls
because most people don't know a squad about him.
Am I right?
Right.
How many people read him so much about him?
His middle name is Hussein!
Al Gore 244.
So it's a 38 vote leads.
Pretty close.
So will we Clinton 104 for swallowing?
I'm counting it.
She's got a personality like a dead woman.
She is as wooden as a totem pole.
I mean obviously if she gets an nomination I'm going to vote for her but nevertheless,
she's just, you know, doesn't do it for me.
John Edwards 82.
I'm a Republican 62.
Whoever 56.
Bill Richardson 43.
Joe Biden 28.
I hate this full 25.
And Howard Dean 22.
Out of 950 vote.
Now what is this thing you sent me about, I have a much more important message I have to read
before.
I am so bad.
You know, I really am.
I'm horrible.
Go ahead.
He read your message.
I'm not going to read it on the air.
Let me see what you sent.
I can just print it.
The article up.
I can send it to you.
How to raise the modern.
Why do you need me?
I already told you because those little pictures that you see there you can click on them and see
the video demonstrations that this article is referring to.
Yeah.
Because you can still ask Nurelco.
I'm asking you this for a right now.
Phillips Nurelco apparently has an online ad campaign for this particular product made specifically for the
other regions.
Via.
And the article explains that the little video pictures are actually kind of funny and ex-rated
or r-rated or something.
I haven't watched them yet though so I can't tell you.
But I'm going to.
Okay.
Well, I'll give the bad eventually.
Right.
Or not whatever.
Three battle and Broward for Andy Colesmith's body.
Frank and Beans.
A three-way battle for Andy Colesmith remains eruptive for her remains.
A eruptive yesterday.
See this is the important stuff.
Forget about him.
Other voices in the United States.
Forget about him.
A three-way battle for Andy Colesmith remains eruptive yesterday as Broward County's medical examiner warned her body was slowly decomposing
a refrigerator at his office.
Sounded like something at what's his name's house?
Jeffrey Dahmer.
Oh yeah.
What's his name?
Jeffrey Dahmer.
Medical examiner Dr. Joshua Perper found himself in the crossfire with attorneys for Smith's lawyer companion Howard Case-Durne.
Well, that's the medical examiner he was talking about kind of a weird dude.
Yeah, have you not seen his head?
Not having seen him at all.
It's not symmetrical.
I see.
Strange head, huh?
Yeah.
Howard Case-Durne and Smith's mother, Virgi Arthur, both asking Perper for custody of Smith's body for burial.
Everybody wants her body.
And of course, when she was alive, it was pretty much the same.
And most everybody got it.
When she was alive.
From the sound of it.
Like I said, human pin cushion comes to mind.
An attorneys for Larry Burkhead, Smith's ex-boyfriend and one of three men claiming to be the father of five-month-old daughter.
Foul, the motion-brower circuit court, had the former playboy playmate's body held until at least February 20th for paternity testing in line with a California judge's order.
Perper wants to release Smith's body immediately, singing to plenty of samples for future tests.
We have three cards of DNA.
Blood vials, we have bone marrow perper set.
Well, anybody want, let's put it on eBay, some of the undergoes bone marrow.
It's kind of narrow, unlike here.
Smith's daughter, body and fortunes have been at stake ever since he died Thursday after collapsing at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel in Casino, in Hollywood.
Her death remains a mystery with a 30-still-a-waiting test to determine exactly what killed her.
Couldn't have been all those pills, it couldn't have been all the booze, it couldn't have been all those things.
Couldn't have been?
All of these now.
Smith's body remained refrigerated until the perfect receives a judge's order.
Boy, oh boy, remaining on ice.
Now, this is stuff you sent me about, oh, how to shave the motor mails, or it's finally broke down a factory?
I'm looking at the little slide show here.
I see.
Well, I don't want to slide it.
Nevertheless, getting back to poor Anna Nicole.
Smith's body will remain refrigerated until he receives a judge's order.
Meanwhile, her body will slowly break down, he wrote, in an affidavit of sterns and arthas attorney.
She needs to be bomb, man.
Not just bomb, but inbombed.
Christ almighty.
Christ, uh, who should we have?
Halfway there.
Christ the roadie.
Christ the roadie.
No, Christ, whatever that is, motors.
Ron rail, the attorney, would represent Smith in the LA court battle over paternity.
Said late Tuesday, he planned to go to the LA court Wednesday morning to ask that the hold on the body be reduced on grounds that the court had already extracted DNA.
Her DNA is never going to show paternity for the baby rail set.
Along with the paternity case, rail is the executive of Smith's estate.
He and Stern also a co-executor are authorized to make funeral arrangements.
Rail, however, full associated press, a television news that Smith's mother was fighting to bring her body to Texas for burial.
Everybody wants her body, man.
I'm afraid to what they're going to do with it.
On Friday, Prince Frederick von Anhalt, a husband of Joshua Gabor announced he may be the girl's father.
Larry King may be the father.
And the son that died last, whatever was, he may be the father.
Stern has listed on the birthday of his child's father a 31-second 9-level audio tape released yesterday about how they would police be a little about her death.
She's not breathing.
She's not responsive. A Seminole police officer tells the 9-11 dispatcher.
She's actually antichol-subduced if you guys could please hurry it up because I think she's bade.
How does Shave a modern male?
Do I get to pick which male I'm going to shave?
We'll tell about that.
Sure.
But oh, certainly.
You could open up the...
Think about it.
You could open up a barbershop.
A barbershop.
Yeah, the biggest name.
You know what I heard?
How much is this?
We'll be in Rochester.
Forth radio 560.
You A.M.
God?
You're a busy professional woman.
With your eye on the corner office.
You've got it all.
Nice car.
Nice house.
Plenty of money.
Yet there's still something missing.
You've tried online dating.
Single bars.
We out of shows.
And even blind dates set up by your mother.
But you still can't find Mr. Wright.
Well now, you can stop looking.
Microsoft introduces...
The Huzzbot.
A life-size window-based anatomically correct,
fully functional companion that simulates all husbandly duties.
Your customized Huzzbot will arrive the aground shipping in 46 weeks.
Completely ready to go.
Huzzbot, will you take out the garbage, please?
I am lost.
It's a game.
You've been sitting in front of that television set for hours.
Shut up, bitch.
What did you say to me?
You heard me.
You don't talk to me that way.
I am the food boss.
You know what?
My mother was right about you, Huzzbot.
You are just like that, Banshee.
What is that supposed to mean?
Just get me up here and soak you toes and zip it.
Here's Huzzbot creator.
Dr. Fritz Beckenbauer.
I thought still things would be it's the perfect partner for the woman.
Then I stumbled upon the Huzzbot.
I met him exactly like the man.
Ah, ah, what was that?
I farted.
You're disgusting.
Let's make movie.
Make movie.
Are you kidding?
You repulsed me.
Come on, baby.
Baddies, horny.
Ah, get away from me.
The Huzzbot is available in white.
Hello, black.
What's up, dog?
Hispanic.
Oh, la.
Indian.
Male, tax support.
And albino.
Turn off the lights.
Women all over the world are getting their Huzzbots.
I thought being single was bad.
But now I'm married in miserable.
Thank you, Huzzbot.
That meatloaf is not going to cook its tails.
Go to hell, Huzzbot.
At least they can cook my meatloaf.
Ah, the Huzzbot from Microsoft.
Just as lousy as a normal guy.
Fight meat.
It's a 27-hour pass on that 27-minute noon at QM.
I got a minor crisis here and you're going to have to help me out on this.
Just like we were the other day about the prod thing yesterday.
Okay, we're here for you.
Oh, man.
I've had a relapse for you today.
What is your story?
Nothing.
What did you talk about?
I was just showing off.
He was really busy.
My right Chris is a little bit bizarre today, more than usual.
Why is that a great mood today?
I did show you.
Why is that?
It's Valentine's Day.
Yeah, maybe he got a card.
I got a card.
Listen, I'm not going to even gel into anything having to do with your, you know, with your whole Valentine's experience.
I'll leave these in your life.
I mean, just, no, seriously.
So anyway, my big dinner coming down there looks like I'm going to be going to lunch that day instead of dinner.
We should be more convenient for my close-person, my friend.
You know me, I'm willing to oblige.
You're a very accommodating cutie.
I am.
I mean, I'm free as a bird whenever that is, so that we can.
And so I got to find a great place for lunch that maybe like, do you think shoelaces open for lunch?
For steakhouse, I'm talking about some plays really good.
I think they are, but because more than this is not a verify.
That's someone will verify it.
Yeah.
Let's find a really good, great steakhouse that's open for lunch on a weekend.
Okay.
Yeah, just, you know, just want to give that all straight enough.
I'll see if Mortons is as well.
No, Mortons is not already picked that on their website.
They open it 530, Monday, Saturday, and 5 o'clock on Sunday.
I already just checked that out.
Chris is researching it now.
Chris is working on it right now, so I have no fear.
When it comes to working out.
Shulas was very good.
The food and, you know, at least, you know, you'll have an amusing story to tell when you, you know,
about the football, about the football.
Holding it, rotating it.
We'll, uh, Don himself actually come and greet me if I go into Shulas, where he come by and say, uh,
he'll cut your steak for you.
Don Shulra, they have them!
Oh!
Yeah, probably to something like that.
The brainstem.
Anyway, again, back to this article, how to shave the modern male.
Where did this come from?
Somebody emailed it to me because, uh, you know, we had been talking about it, days hence.
In which a helpful corporate giant encourages you to please groom your crotch.
It says, oh!
Who wrote this?
Mark Morford, all on the wonder.
In the San Francisco gate, uh, newspaper.
The SF gate.
Well, I'd figure this.
It says, I've often wondered in common moments that profound wisdom, unaffected,
bio-enteral, subtle thought, or deeper intellectual concerns.
Why there is no sly and essential maintenance manual for the penis.
Oh, brother.
Now, you sure I can read this article?
Yeah, I mean, you, you know, I think I'm getting laid down the guard.
I got the paid voting.
Hi there.
If you're here, you probably know that body grooming is a sensitive issue.
Ruminigrapat?
Chest.
I thought point pickers pop up.
It may have been difficult to attain.
Well, let me read more specific, where it's Mark.
Why has no man's magazine out there square and out of maximum?
Certainly not.
Yupi-Rific GQ.
Dear adventurer to my knowledge anyway.
A single enthusiastically detailed column.
After the general health and upkeep and perhaps most importantly of all.
As far as overall aesthetics and tactile friendliness are concerned.
The prudent follicular trimage of the enchanted regions surrounding the male appendage.
Well, I got to read that last thing again.
The prudver-inducing of the enchanted regions surrounding the male appendage.
Well, I know it's a sensitive topic.
There's male maintenance things, so to speak.
It's not one many sexually confused modern men open up too easily.
That's something we like to develop on and analyze.
And the way women can so easily discuss menstrual flow or waxing techniques or purse design.
Men in our infinite, mule-ish, simple-mindedness tend to think about all body parts.
It's supposed to work and all the stuff growing in our backs and thighs and groinal regions look damn fine.
As if it is no matter how tangled and jagged and utterly extraterrestrial might appear.
And how often our lovers cringin' shutter at the sight of us naked.
Beside this little we can do about it anyway, right?
Wrong, says Mark.
Wrong.
For example, grooming.
Queer eye in the entire unloved, metrocessial movement of size.
Simply shocking is the size of the male population of things.
Trimming the male's body, incredible swarm of herfals is silly and unnecessary.
And just far too feminine.
In other words, kind of like that.
And it's only meant to be restricted to the head and face and maybe a few strays on the biceps.
When in fact there's an entire universe of trimmers that could take place and grateful indeed,
would be most attuned women of the world.
By the way, says Mark, I think I ought to do the breaker because this is a very hard way to send me.
About waxing and all this other stuff.
A waxy buildup.
How does shave the modern male without him getting away, I guess?
The biggest names of best talents to the business,
Neil Rogers, 4th radio 560.
Shoes A.M.
Bratum and sage cheese.
Coming up tonight, an inside-the-behind-the-true Hollywood celebrity music-pography profile story.
Even the great nation like the United States has had a few sorry blots in its history.
There have been wars.
There have been diseases.
And there was...
Disco.
Man!
Man!
Man!
Walk it down the line.
I'm back in town tonight.
I think enough time has passed now that I can talk about it.
Mitch is the man who invented disco in his clear water floor to basement back in the mid 1970s.
Inside-the-behind-secure this interview,
I'm conditioned of anonymity.
Since a lot of people still want to cure this guy for sending real music into the toilet for half a decade.
Well, I still have the machine I made to create disco music right here.
You can see when I turn the crank, it works much like a high-tech audio meat grinder.
Into the top of the machine goes one of the three basic song subjects.
Dancing.
Dancing all night.
And dancing like you're never going to stop.
I'll send a few references to booty and you're ready to go.
Then you program in 120 beats per minute and the final ingredient.
What is that you're duffing into the top of the machine?
Oh, that's the crap.
It's easy to find.
So many people don't pick up after their dogs.
Occasionally when I've had beans for dinner, I just find...
And before you know it, you have a top quality disco song.
Yeah!
Like the platform shoes?
Get down everybody!
Ow!
Sorry, you just so totally deserved that.
Disco.
For rock and roll fans, it was our killing feels.
It's a big, juicy, softy mud look at show business.
Tonight, uninside the mind.
Okay, I'm 43, 17, the little little homework there for me, Chris or what?
He did.
And it is Monday through Friday, 11, 30 to 230.
If they don't have lunch on the weekends.
At chulas.
At chulas.
Yes.
Chula?
Yes.
Chula?
But that's okay.
I'm sure that there are a lot of fine outstanding places available on a weekend for lunch.
I'm sure there are.
Well, we'll work...
I'll see this.
I'll tell you some more good timeline.
The first time with that, we went through all the steak houses and all of those things.
Anyway, can I get back to shaving the modern male please?
Okay.
I was right in the middle of a super cut.
It's a matter of fact.
Hang on one second.
Shaving your d***.
Doesn't just reduce odor.
Make you feel more comfortable and improve the way you look at underwear.
They can create a new you and a better you can do.
As soon as your partner seems you're new.
Well, pretty much anything can happen.
They want to be frozen yogurt all of your things.
Don't make your ass roll.
Anyway, can I get back to this?
By the way, many of the top waxing salons, especially here in Tham,
Francisco, have a great plethora of straight male clients.
Well, many of whom are brought in by their wives and girlfriends.
And as any worthy and attentive porn fan knows, many of the male stars are waxed in trim
and almost shaved that it completely all the way down and back up and underneath well up into God's country.
Makes for more aesthetically pleasing camera shots is why.
Just, you know, FYI it says.
What a screamer.
Which brings us finally after too many meandering paragraphs to Phillips Norelko.
Oh, Phillips Norelko.
A major appliance man.
And global leader in high end hospital medical devices recently venturing with seeming unchecked fearlessness in the delicate
rate of you know, shaving the male crotch.
I'm going to tell you something.
I don't care what anybody says to me.
This is just this little Queen's opinion.
That to me sounds so gay.
I am.
This, uh, and here tell me all the ladies like it.
That's what they are like.
Listen, the first, the very first female to, to make fun of me when we were both making fun of Joe Castello.
Yes.
Was intern Shannon who you knew very well?
She was the first and a long way to female to stay.
I mean, I was just telling the audience about intern Shannon.
She was a real hot young lady.
And George always gave her assignments that required her bending down on the floor.
Going into that cupboard that we got there and before.
He always had her bending down on the floor.
You always would find some reason to have her going into that cabinet.
So anyway, go ahead.
Look down the back of her pants.
Anyway, and blouse, she was the first and a long light of women to tell me that A, I was wrong and B, I was gross.
So, but we owe that part.
Which brings us finally after far too many meandering paragraphs.
He says to filter Norelko a major appliance manufacturer in global leader in high end hospital medical devices.
Recently, venturing with seemingly unchecked fearlessness of the delicate terrain of shaving the male crotch, I just read that.
Gaze, you won't, you I Phillips, Demoko is latest and surprisingly bold viral internet and campaign from 2006.
Found on shaveeverywhere.com.
It's hysterical.
You got to go there and click on some of the things.
It's all one word.
Shaveeverywhere.com.
Shaving your d***.
No, with Sunday musement.
That the shaveeverywhere.com URL was apparently still available.
Phillips hadn't already been claimed by some on underground fetish porn outfit.
Wonders, he says.
Yeah, I wonder.
I wonder what kind of a queen write stuff like this about male crotches, but nevertheless, what do I know about such things, right?
Anyway, for the records, shaveeverywhere.com is what the new breed of interactive live action campaigns that use a series of fluid fast-loading video splices of real actors to give the feel that the character is actually speaking right to you.
There's another prime example of this, John, run Microsoft's baffling, but highly entertaining.
Well, for about ten minutes, search site called Ms. Doey.
MS, MsDoey.com, which a terrifically sexy actress, Janina Gabenkar, simultaneously firts with and fully berates her army of swooning geekboy viewers as they desperately scramble to type something clever to get her attention.
Check it out, it says.
Okay, I will.
Right off the bat, a playfully smartly filipist pitchman, let's call him Gary.
A guy apparently meant to be a cross between a likeable fraternity guy and a be grade who have to and that dude at the bar.
I can't stop thinking about that movie.
I can't take it the name, but.
We're creating it.
With the bed, huh?
As soon as you're a partner, scenes, you're new.
The one with the geek in it.
The Dutch geek, the one that I can't stand.
Oh, I don't know.
You know the one I'm talking about.
Yeah, I know.
Or you can't think of it either.
No.
I love that move.
And what's her fate, Daniel, we're done with, isn't it?
And they're dancing up on the bed and the whole deal.
And the scene at the restaurant downstairs with the two mothers and the two guys, it's just, seriously, you talk about a peen-your-pants moment in that movie.
What is that movie?
I don't know.
Come on.
I don't know.
Well, Google, fate, done away.
I'll tell you.
All right.
I mean, how many movies is she done in the last since she's been a hundred years old?
A hundred.
Right off the bat, the playfully smartly Phillips-pitchman, let's call him Gary.
A guy apparently meant to be a cross between a likable frack guy and a big grade Hugh Hefner and the dude at the bar hoarders, a gin and tonic.
And won't stop talking about his love of cigars and parasailing.
Gary lets you know the game.
He mentions the absolute necessity of trimming with full bleeps intact, of course.
You're back, you're a f***ing fat.
Oh, and those f***ing ass.
I'm not even gonna say balls, but certainly none of the context of this.
No, it's tennis balls, base of balls, foot of balls.
He keeps the straight face throughout all winking nudge nudge in the in the no guy chitchat, in the no like wink wink nudge nudge.
Gary is selling something called the body gruel, may rather cheaply modified electric shaver.
Made exclusively for men.
It is apparently an all over trimmer for all sorts of hair from back to armpits to undercarriage.
And he has to really exist.
Phillips is sold a truckload of them far more than they expected and all thanks to Gary.
The pitch is clear. Gary will tell you straight out that the body room will help make your f***ing up bigger.
Well, he does.
I better check this out. That'd be a miracle for me.
This is a theme in a key selling point.
He will also tell you with a winking straight face that the body room is the convenient easy gentle way to make your gentle as bloom.
And if you ask him if women really prefer a law groomed man, a significant disbelief and barely be able to contain his life to be forecomposing himself, looking straight at the camera dead panning, yes they do.
In fact, the opening introduction loan addresses your average American friend guys nagging the homophobic concerns right from the start.
Very even admitted to himself.
Let me tell you this whole issue of gentle grooming used to make me quite uncomfortable.
He says, but now with a hair-free back, well groomed shoulders and an extra optical inch on my f***ing.
Let's just say life has gotten pretty darn cozy, he says.
Well, you'll smile and say to yourself, this is Phillips Nirmalco.
This is a major manufacturer of mountains of Chinese made consumer products.
Are they insane? Are they simply begging the Christian right to right nasty little notes to corporate headquarters and threaten a shaver boycott as they puked about the afflagrid innuendo and bleeds in the offensive notion that American men should shave their perinium.
I don't think I ever saw that word before in my life.
I don't think I've ever heard it perinium.
Well, whatever it is. We haven't pretty got a day idea of what it is.
Doesn't matter, click through this side a couple of times.
Be sure to watch the music video and you can't help but admit it's a ballsy move.
Not only is Phillips Agency traveled DDB's,
smartly defined the cultural conservative mindset that was about gays and cries about sex and screams of the Saturday female nipple,
but they're simultaneously going after that rarist of homophobic, monolithic demographic beasts,
the untrimmed American Net-Sat-E-Frat-Guy blog reading dude.
The untrimmed American Net-Sat-E-Frat-Guy blog reading dude, and if sales are in indication, they're succeeding fabulously it says.
In this way, you might even say that Phillips is serving a deeper humanitarian purposeful,
feeling a serious cultural need. They are inadvertently, of course, doing nothing less than informing
armories of young sexily confused men beasts that the general trimming of body here,
including his Gary Repeedley states the...
...and asks.
Well, I'm not going to read those words for crying out loud.
Even the balls I am a little nervous about. Well, that all depends.
Sometimes, isn't just for transvestites and gay porn stars and metro-sexual writers anymore?
In other words, caring about this sort of thing doesn't make you gay or stupid or immasculated.
It actually makes you sort of hot, says Mark.
Well, I wonder where Mark is coming from.
You're fair.
And besides, who wouldn't want to play an extra optical, well...
I'm loading the music video.
Leave it to George to load me up with some kind of pornographic story like that.
We got a thousand, fourteen votes, by the way.
All you hairy guys.
Talk about a close shave.
I don't know. It's not a topic I really give in an awful lot of thought.
No neither had I, but the old ladies they don't mind. They don't know any difference.
But the young girls, they have a definite opinion about it.
Well, they tend to be a little pushy at times, the young girls.
Yeah, well.
2018.
The porn industry.
A thousand eighteen votes on the pool.
Yeah, sure. I guess you're on Germany and if it would have made it.
No, it would have to say...
...day and day.
That's how we ever did make it. It's a real wonder.
Whichever company you'd like to see nominated in 2008 is our pool today.
We got a thousand eighteen votes. Let's hear it.
Look at the comeback I've made today with my throat the way it is, man.
Great job.
Barack Obama, well this is close.
This is a little bit too tight for my comfort. I'll say that for my comfort...
...constant comfort T.
You think it's a T? That's done it because I did make another cup during the break.
Whatever.
I'm liquid. That's what you need.
Is that what it is?
Yeah.
See, I can get confused in that hot and cold crap.
It's like that time I took that tumbling fall and amped today and I broke the bone in my hand, you know?
Mm-hmm.
And started swelling up.
And I went back... I got on the tram and I went back to my apartment.
And I put it in a pot of boiling water.
Whoa!
And I did just the opposite of what you're supposed to.
Well, then really make a difference because I didn't know the bone was broken in my hand.
It's swelling up to like, you know, gigantic.
A thousand eighteen votes on the pool.
Barack Obama's got 298, Al Gore 262.
It's 36 vote lead for Barack Obama.
If you people will just listen to me and understand what I'm telling you.
Barack Obama has got more personality in his little finger and more charisma and more dynamism in his pinky.
Then Al Gore has gotten his entire stagie body.
Not that I don't like Al Gore.
He is just wooden, man.
And I don't want to say well spoken because everybody thinks that you're saying well spoken for a black guy.
No, well spoken for any broken period.
Like you don't want to let your Biden stuff.
Great delivery.
He's outstanding.
Bracks the man.
Anyways, that's 36 vote lead.
It's tight.
298, 262.
Hillary is a distant third, 111.
Man, she talk about personality.
Can't complain about her is anyone.
I don't know why she doesn't have any.
She is nasty.
John Edwards, 87.
I'm a Republican, 69.
Well, guess what?
Let me say it again.
Baaaaming!
There you go.
Whoever's 62, people who are indifferent.
How can you be indifferent when we got this?
I like the start.
We like to see you finish like it.
It's the saffron would be good.
And leave.
Bill Richardson, 45.
I have Howard Dean.
Look how many how he's got.
But third man.
Joe Biden, 29.
And I hate this pool only 27, 2.6%.
How can anybody not like this pool?
Even though it's only February 14th, it's Valentine's Day 2007.
And he'll like to date until November 2008.
But everybody so anxious to get rid of this bozo just desperate.
You know what?
I wonder if he's shaving it.
I think the whole world has got to go shave within.
Oh.
Now can we play that Joe Costello?
I don't think so.
Probably not a good idea.
I think you'll be getting emails from Joe Bell and from Joyce from Longway.
You will.
In how long you'll be my hand in hot water.
The biggest news of the best talent in the season.
Bill Rogers, sports radio 560.
He's a...
Juller.
And I sound like Bob Hope on acid.
And I want to tell you, it's the 12-door now or whatever it is.
Rally to Joe.
To Lisa Nook.
Ground control to Lisa Nook.
Set your rules control and keep your diaper on.
This mission control you are going for once.
I'm going for lunch.
Not lunch, not lunch.
No, babe.
Don't you think I know that?
Ah.
Four.
Three.
Two.
We have ignition.
Yes.
And you're shifting your knee pounds.
Why follow me?
The center bolts will you as you sit in your duke.
Yes.
Four.
Four leases.
It's just love, man.
That's what it's all about.
It's just love.
Love makes you do strange things.
Anyways, 12-o-one, a Q-I-M.
I haven't taken a call today, have I?
I don't know.
Well, that's a bad idea.
I should be taking the protocols with my voice in this kind of shape.
Although it's not too bad today, it made it phenomenal.
Come back.
Well, suppose you know that you need those lunch suggestions.
Yeah.
Well, my close personal friend said that Anthony's the runway 84 is open on Sunday for lunch.
And I just looked up their website.
I know it doesn't say that.
It says they're open Monday through Friday for lunch.
So I don't see that.
I don't want to walk out of that restroom with just my credit card in my hand.
Whatever that means.
You know what I'm saying?
Right.
So I don't know where he found that.
Maybe in the yellow pages.
Maybe, you know, that's a great place, by the way.
I love that place.
Anthony's here.
We've been there runway 84.
Don't think so.
In fact, you better like fast for a week before you go there.
They give you enough food for an Italian army.
WDQ-I-M.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I love your show.
I've been here four or five years ago.
You had to get going.
I almost made me just dying my pants laughing.
But the Scottish Magpie player teaching that out.
You can't play that no more.
You've got to be dreaming, man.
We can't play that no more.
Really?
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?
Janet Jackson and Justin Tinkerbell flipped her boobies on the Super Bowl.
Oh, you can't play anything.
You know that.
Too bad.
I didn't know that.
It's all right to hear that.
I keep on going to work.
OK, thanks, pal.
Thank you, buddy.
Yeah, I mean, we can play like, you know, about four seconds of it.
I mean, it's still in there.
We can play a place of tar.
Here it is.
Hi, there, boys and girls.
Today, we've got a very extra special friend stopping by.
Yeah, there you go.
And that's about as much as we're playing with that.
5667-0560, 05-560, and they've arrived in the Singular Rottos Line.
My experience has been that most like, you know,
a sensational steakhouse kind of places,
they don't open for lunch, even during the week.
Right.
Would you agree with that or not, generally speaking?
I mean, after this is a major crisis, I'll try.
They're a kind of thing.
What is it?
Steakhouses.
It's dinner kind of thing.
Yeah.
Let's see.
Somebody was coming up with something.
Oh, yeah.
I did send a message that I am bringing you something along.
There will be a chart.
Oh, I think I may be talking myself out of this meal.
I better cut the crap, you know.
Although it might be.
Yeah.
I had a little entertainment.
At any rate.
Hey, well listen, you know, it's just one of those things.
So Anthony's, I guess, I don't know.
Somebody will come up with some really sensational guests that they open for lunch,
even on the weekends, okay?
There have to be.
I mean, my God, how many, how many thousand restaurants must they be in software?
At least 30,000 right.
In a world-class city like this?
Oh, man.
There's always Mickey D.
Yeah.
Wow.
Drive through.
WQAM, hello.
Make the request.
Bring out the game.
Yeah, okay.
Good.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Radio.
Yes, sir.
But it may be different than that.
The lot of rooms.
Got that turkey drumstick.
Got that guy's that?
Yeah, it would have been a big difference.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, not there.
And this is like you said.
They're going to be flocking.
They're going to be flocking us in with suggestions now.
I think we, I think we burned that whole deal out.
I saved that thing with the steak houses, by the way.
Good.
Remember somebody faxed in all those capital grill?
But then I think you got to go to the individual websites to find out what hour is there open?
Because it's not on here.
The good news is most respectable places do have their own website with their hours.
Oh, yeah.
And the menu.
Well, that's why I looked at Anthony's runway 84.
I don't see anything on here about being open on Sunday for lunch.
Maybe it was the threat of a bath that caused a little bit of a brain fart there.
I don't know.
WQAM, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, nearly.
Yes, I am.
Hey, how's it going, man?
All right.
Hey, check it out.
Have you ever enjoyed your party?
What?
You don't know about wired magazines?
Yes.
What about you?
Okay.
On not this issue, but the last issue.
It has like some door with glasses on it.
And it's called the enemy about army people, whatever, getting sick with this super bug.
And if you go onto wire.com and find out about it and read it, it goes from Baghdad to like Europe.
And then it goes to Washington.
And we have a few days ago.
I had this story.
I think I read a few days ago.
Oh, for real?
Yeah.
I'm wired.
Wicked.
It is wicked.
Well, it's a wicked world, man.
It's a wicked universe.
Have a great life, pal.
Later.
Okay.
Have a good time.
Later.
See, he was doing great until he got that on later.
That was kind of a tip off.
He's a good guy though.
He was under the age of 100 and he sounded like he had his head screwed on straight.
In fact, he wants to come over here.
And he had a little haircut, even a haircut.
5.6705.605.605.605.
Shaving the trim.
Yeah, there you go on the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
All you little shavers out there.
Well, what for a snapper is so old-fashioned, you know, but you little shavers.
That sounds like so cute to me.
And if you are real cute, come by.
I bet this thing is probably getting dull because I keep doing that up against the mic.
I don't know why I do that.
I've had this pretty long time.
I've been shaving my head.
I keep this sharpener in my shelter.
Grumar, I'm probably able to get a new one.
Well, this is a noreal co thing that spawned that article is supposed to be for everything,
including your head, it's your head on, yeah.
It's fresh.
It's bent at an angle so that you can get nooks and crannies, I see.
Play nooks and crannies and even maybe for a granny, it might not be too bad.
And your fanny.
Right.
WQA, I'm hello.
Neil, how you doing today?
Great.
Did you find out the uranium, what it was?
I have no idea.
It's the medical term for the skin between the butt and the groin.
I see.
So it's the taint.
The taint, yes sir, George, that's what it is.
That's what it is.
Wow, no, no.
How to real name?
The uranium is the medical term.
Okay sir.
Thank you very much sir.
Taint too bad.
567056, I've been here like, and just my uranium.
Well see we've learned something about it.
I already, who said this is an educational show, even when we've been under the weather and all and stuff like that?
So I'd like to get that straight out about anthony's because it wouldn't you think on their website,
they would know what hours they were open.
I imagine.
You would think so.
But of course this creates a little more drama.
You know, it's always good to have a little bit drama.
Do you think?
Oh yeah, I love the drama.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
Oh and it says the associate producer is timed out.
Oh, internet.
It'll come back.
Oh I did come back.
See, just like that.
And I was seeing when that good thing came back right there.
Yeah.
WQAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
QAM, hello.
Okay.
Yes sir.
And I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hey Neil.
Yeah.
All right, good to talk to you.
I've only called you once before.
I've listened to you forever.
I mean, it always is about.
Oh my God.
It's over 20 I guess.
Huh?
Over 20 years, yeah.
Yeah, all the stations.
I don't even get March 30 March 1st.
That's what is that 14 about?
52 weeks away.
We got my 31st anniversary coming up.
So come up with some good presents.
Okay.
Well, what I want to ask you about, I remember.
I don't remember what the patient was on.
I think it was IOT.
Where the lineup was you, Rick and Sud and Phil Henry.
Uh huh.
That program directly was the genius.
It was phenomenal.
Oh yeah, program is.
Yeah, boy, Gary, that's a real genius, right?
I know what you're doing, but you know, I wanted to give credit.
I wasn't doing it.
I wasn't his doing, but nevertheless.
What are you doing?
What do you got?
What I wanted to ask you was, what happened to Rick and Sud?
Sud was on with George last Friday.
He's on with George when he could get a free meal when George is filling in.
And the Rick, I don't know.
We don't really care.
Oh.
Okay.
I was curious about that.
Well, I'll carry out the decad.
Okay.
That's what Sid Levento will make your ass that he killed the cat.
There's an important fact coming over to Machino.
Yeah, man.
I sure hope it's something.
See, I think we killed that thing with a restaurant's two weeks ago, whenever we did that.
I think we've buried that.
Oh no.
No, I'll look at a way to Fonser right now.
That's right.
Let's see.
Oh, look at that.
Chula's on the beach is open Monday through Sunday.
Oh, there you go.
Chula's on the beach in Fort Lauderdale.
321 North Fort Lauderdale Beach Boulevard.
That's pretty long.
But I'll see how that works with my palli there.
Put it on the pile of options.
Yeah, I forget to get a lot of opportunities there.
Right.
You know what I'm going to put on top of the pile?
There it is.
Well, for people just to hold it all down.
Just about broke my glass with that.
Yeah, Chula's on the beach in Fort Lauderdale.
On A1A.
321 North Fort Lauderdale Beach Boulevard is A1A.
How many years it's been since I've been on Fort Lauderdale Beach?
I mean, I've been sitting here since they closed down the poop deck and all the places there, man.
Oh, I could tell you some really great stories about Fort Lauderdale Beach going way way back.
But that's back when it...
And what was the guy that just died?
Not that long ago that had the...
Wasn't the poop deck.
No, it was the little bar on the corner there.
Charlie Versace.
Get out of here.
You are so useless, man.
Anyway, it's just...it's just ain't what he used to be.
And then again, what is?
You know, it all depends on how old you are and what you grew up and when you grew up.
And what was there and everything is relative, you know?
Mm-hmm.
Everything is with your relatives.
How we doing on the pool?
Barack Obama's head by 33 votes.
Al Gore is making a move.
You know, a big lumbering guy like him.
When you least expect it, man, he...
I'll be sitting right over your shoulder.
So what do you think about Chulas?
Do you think that...
Does there have to be my pile?
Yeah, I do.
I mean, I've never been to the one in Fort Lauderdale.
They're even open for breakfast.
I'm not doing no breakfast right now.
Huh?
How do you like that?
Now, if they open for lunch every day,
11, 3 to 4, 30, which would even include a Saturday.
They will see.
We'll see what works out for everybody.
We even George will come along.
No.
Not the worries.
11 past noon in QA.
Shuffle.
Newtons in the room.
Chalk.
Welcome to the final segment of the final installment of the Al Franken farewell show finale.
I'd like to thank all the interns and underpaid staff who were so eager to please me.
Most of all, I'd like to thank the Air America intern who put my grateful dead ramp on an old cartridge tape that Peter tripped left here when it was a telewemg.
Can we up?
Can we hear that one night last time?
Got there, there it is.
Yeah, yeah.
You know that added so much more body and flavor to my show?
Because I thank you for that.
As you know, I'm leaving to pontificate upon a run for political orifice.
And I'm not that I believe my own press, you understand.
By Justin Ks.
Tom Davis joins me from across my phone.
The high top.
What else?
And I look at it.
If I decide not to run for Senator of the universe, what do you say?
We form a comedy team again.
Now I wish you luck with your run for office.
I just...
I thought of asking Mort Saul, but he's much too close to death.
He turned you down, huh?
Yes.
So am I too take it that you would...
Can I hang up now?
That Tom Chuck, he's such a card.
Chuck, yes.
You know, as the grateful dead once said, what a long, strange, sojourn it has been.
So let me exit stage left, right?
Simply saying, uh, thanks for the memories.
I'm not gonna go away.
And that is, of course, to say, should I actually run for office?
Charlie, if not, I can always cry my hand in the job and radio.
You know, it's a challenge.
And that's relevant because I...
Yeah, but I am.
He just gets a chopped off right on the end.
1217 and 560 WDQM, we got Eddie Kaye for the Mad Dogger 2 this afternoon.
I guess Mad Dog's getting off of Valentine's Day, wouldn't you think?
All right.
Well, it will be the other reason.
I'm working with you once too.
Yeah, because you don't feel like it.
Good reason.
How many QAM, hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Don.
Good.
Now, I ask you a question.
When you, uh, sheave, what do you do if you nick your nooks and crannies?
Well, that's the whole point.
I don't want to.
That's why I ordered this new product.
Okay.
And, uh, hey, Neil, what do you think about going against Jim Romeder on the afternoon here?
Oh, yeah, that's sad.
I don't know how we can handle that.
Yeah, I'm afraid I'm against them.
Huh?
How are you afraid I guess?
What are you talking about?
Have you lost your mind?
This would be a joke to see from a customer.
He doesn't even show up on the Richter scale.
Are you kidding me?
Oh, my God.
Jim Rome, how many times has Romey been on all day with his point 0.00, 0.0?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, like that.
Yeah, how are we doing against Jim Rome?
Oh, no, obviously he's ready for programming the station.
No question about that.
You're hired, Pally.
Start on Monday.
WQAM, hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Billy Frederick from Shoes on the Beach.
How you doing?
Great.
Hey, uh, in answer to your question, that was crazy, renewal.
I don't know the button.
Right, button on the beach.
Here's a good guy.
Yep.
Was.
Well, was.
His memory still lingers on though.
Yeah.
And, uh, yeah, Shoes is open for breakfast.
Yeah, but I don't want to come by for breakfast.
But you're open every day for lunch though, right?
Yeah.
And I'm not looking for no freebie now, my friend.
I'm not looking for that because that would be a very, uh,
grotesque thing to do.
No, I'm serious.
I hate doing that, you know, because what kind of a deal is that?
Well, uh, could you deal with, uh, whatever you got to do it while I'm there?
No, don't worry about it.
I'll see you soon.
I know it's a long trip.
Thanks, Pally.
Take care.
You too.
And what did he just say?
No, I'm not looking to find a place to get a freebie.
What kind of a way would that be to do something, you know, all of you know, typical?
What?
The typical way?
I'm gonna say for you.
I do, I do freebies.
Not so-
Except for radio.
Right.
Oh.
And I'll floor to and radio and all of you.
That'll be a cool day in hell when I invite to buy somebody a good meal and I could turns out to be a freebie.
Boy, I would be really grotesque and unacceptable to me.
I don't really know why I said rocket science.
I think George had done it earlier that because it's such a world class city.
And that's such a, I mean, you know, you would think that ordinarily there'd be a zillion places you could use.
Roomba just did not quite that easy.
I'm sure somebody will have some of this.
I feel like that.
There's the guy from a show that's on the beach calling in.
That was pretty quick, wouldn't it?
Yes it was.
That was phenomenal.
W-Q-Y-M crankline.
Hello.
Yeah, that's the one.
Body wash.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
I'm a bigot Scott.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
In the infamous words of that Brainiac and anacoltanus,
like my body, not anymore, it's decomposing you.
So glad that you people are focused on the important things like anacolt or body start distinct worse than it usually did and all this other stuff.
And that lovely, that's the important stuff.
Crazy astronaut bitch and anacolt.
Why would anybody care about anything other than that?
Right?
What else is there?
Zine America baby.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Neil, good afternoon.
Good afternoon to you sir.
For the love of God please stop reading the news.
Yeah.
Tepplo, take more of these calls.
Yeah, I'm learning to take a lot more good calls with people that are something important to say like you, right?
That's right.
Okay, thanks.
Good caller, yeah.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, you know what I've seen is how do you not shave the boys?
It's very liberating and cool, man.
Down here at work.
I worked outside and it's nice for a change.
Not naked or anything.
I think that last call we had an excellent point, don't you?
By the way, just because you don't know because you don't have the local news.
There's a high speed chase going on through the streets of South Florida.
The cops are chasing a woman in a U-Haul.
Yeah.
Truck.
And so it's great.
Nothing, just, you know, some of the light we care about is that light.
I guess it's something that I'd never diversion, you know.
There's, there's anything almost as good as perversion.
It's a good diversion.
And in South Florida, we could use a few.
W-Q-Y-M, hello.
Hey, Neil, you're watching this crazy bitch in Miami.
What's the U-Haul in front of you?
I'm just going to say that about four seconds ago.
Sorry, I'm watching it right now.
Maybe it's on MSNBC.
Maybe they got it.
Yeah, I don't know.
I sure hope not.
There it is, yeah.
And we're on a...
And we're on a...
And we're on a...
And we're on a...
And we're on a...
And we're on a...
And we're on a...
And we're on a...
And we're on a...
μ
And we're on a...
A...
A...
A...
A...
And we're on an averageن going on a 24 year in Birmingham for
From one instance.
We who know...
They...
In between Prester.
Initus.
wieann...
has a band in the vehicle at this point.
We do want to let our viewers know this tape is on a delay at this point.
Just obviously for six minutes.
Wait a minute.
Make sure that nothing is going to fall through and then on your TV screen.
The police there, swarming the U-Haul jumping in can't get a good visual on whether or
not they've been able to.
After hitting the test vector, not she's at the top of her heart.
You can even get a dog pile.
When it was moving and as we continue to take a look.
They got something over there.
They're all gathered around.
They got on the car.
There she is.
They're dragging around.
They're dragging around.
Yeah, they're dragging around.
Right when she failed out, she ran over to the center of this intersection.
And then they immediately there was a police officer that jumped in to stop the moving truck
from the train that intersection.
And there she is right there.
You see her on your screen in the middle of the screen.
And I will get you an exact location in just a moment.
We are at 441 and I'm trying to look here, Bob.
Look at the street sign, honey.
You're listening in there to the reporter who's in the shopper at WTVJ as we watched the
conclusion of this high speed chase that started in Hollywood, Florida, but went well into the
Miami-Dade County.
The way this ended is the way you hope these kind of things ended.
Nobody specifically hurt the driver abandoning the vehicle jumping out.
Why is she in the problem?
She had deputy Tiffany outward joining us.
She's been trained in these sort of high speed chases.
And deputy, as this comes to a conclusion, is this the best conclusion we could have had?
Absolutely.
The goal is to end it quickly and safely with no one injured.
And of course, get this person into custody safely.
So this is the best conclusion.
A lot of people who are probably watching this saw the police officers following behind at a certain distance
and wondered why they didn't intervene in any way.
Can you give us a little bit of insight about that, why they just continued to follow the U-hole?
It really kind of depends on what kind of information that they have.
This is so exciting.
I'm just going to go into a coma.
It's just the flora on Sam Yahoo broad hauler ass with a U-haul and they're chasing her and she jumped out and they grabbed her ass and
she's in the police car going to the whosco.
And what's it all about? Do we have any idea?
No.
No, look like some crackhead, some drunk.
Get out of here.
Now that's not a nice thing to say.
How do you know that?
You can tell a crackhead drunk just by looking at that bitch out there.
I said crackhead or a drunk.
Oh.
And look at all the vehicles there, man.
Look at all the police cars.
This is more exciting than almost as much exciting as Alianito when they were on the way to a Situ Jeans house.
I thought it was exciting.
Remember that when they were zipping across the Juno Tonto car?
Oh, yeah.
Turn them on and come back.
There's nobody going to be there.
Turn them on and come back.
Crazy person, Ricky Tiki Sanchez.
We got a thousand ninety two votes on the pool today.
Why I never expected all this excitement on the same day.
No.
Which Democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008?
Of course I realize that's not very important because how does that compare with like police chasing Miami on 441 or any of the cars?
And in the coals, the rotting carcass or the all the we don't hear too much about the crazy bitch ass.
You're not no more thank goodness for that.
Well, there we go.
She got it.
How folks are coping with storm, but there's an in the cool on left looking really good there is my and there.
Wow.
Even I would get excited about that, but nevertheless.
Which Democrat would you like to see in Barack Obama 316 Al Gore 285?
It's getting close.
It's getting tight.
Fifteen is 31 votes.
Man, Al Gore is right on Barack's butt.
Hillary Clinton won 18.
John Edwards 95.
I'm a Republican 72.
Well, they're still listening.
And that's something.
Quit reading the newspaper, Neil.
Stop.
No.
Whoever 66, Bill Richardson 47.
Howardine 35.
Joe Biden's got.
Dr.
The man.
And I hate this poll a mere 282.5%.
Out of a 1092.
I think we got a shot of 12 today.
Don't you?
200?
I think you do.
Well, I think that's an omen for a woodbind today.
The biggest thing I've always gone by the way.
The biggest thing I've always gone by the way.
The biggest thing is real Rodgers.
Around 4 to 1.
I'm 60 out of you.
A late-pop little boy.
This is I with this new.
The autopsy is set for tomorrow to determine what killed and an occult man.
Like her life, her career also had its ups and downs.
I'm doing a part of the movie.
In 1994, she married an 89-year-old oil tycoon, Died a Year Later.
I want to help him now.
In 2002, she started her own reality TV series.
This is kind of scary for sure.
But by the late 90s, her figure had changed.
She lost weight again and more recently became the spokesperson for the Diet Product Trim Spa.
Queen Snow in my belly button.
It's no secret Smith loved the limelight and she's fast in it often.
You don't fast through up when I didn't.
Smith's world changed dramatically with the birth of her daughter, Danny Lynn, last fall.
If you have to pee pee in the middle of the night, here's my told us.
Smith will remain in the media over the controversy surrounding her daughter's paternity.
I'm doing a porn always.
I'm standing by over two girls in her thigh.
The result of her autopsy should provide some anxiety.
Put your bitch in and eat your pizza.
Okay, 12.32, she was a class act.
I'm not going to read any more of these stories because I think I had a good point.
Let's take a whole bunch of great calls like his.
Take all these calls right now.
Let's take everyone that's on here.
I noticed line one still is not working by the way.
Wow, it's a way it goes.
We don't really care about such stuff.
I'll be care about his payday.
Just like that schmuck that called it, nothing to say about anything.
What reads the newspaper now?
Yeah, we're waiting for your fantastic calls by the way there's one on the board.
Five and of course even when they do come in, they have something to say.
Not usually, but nevertheless, you're the experts.
I'm just the puts that's been doing this on for years.
Don't forget now.
What day is March 1?
Thursday, 21, 28.
A week from tomorrow.
No choice from tomorrow.
Is my 31st anniversary on here in South Florida.
And that exciting?
Wow.
Oh yeah, exciting.
And the best part of the whole deal is the lights installed went out on the phone.
How do you like that?
As soon as your partner sees your new, have you got them?
Have you got the lights?
Yeah, I got lights.
I got nothing.
Oh, there they go.
Finally, just came back.
Some of the I think is patching around.
Who knows?
Maybe what's his name?
Maybe Bob Vermuth is in the building.
Maybe it's the weather.
What are you talking about?
You know those blizzards of Louisville.
WQIM, hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing?
I'm fine.
Okay.
Well, I say happy Valentine's Day because I deliver flowers, so I have to make sure.
Well, happy Valentine's Day to you.
Well, thank you very much and thank you for the entertainment.
I have a suggestion for you.
If you're going to be in town and you're looking for a great steak in the daytime.
The capital grow, but it's up at the gallery of malls in the front of it.
I mean, it's not too much of a flat, not as far as school is, but awesome.
Really?
I think they're pretty sure they're open in the daytime.
Okay. I'll check it out.
Thanks, we don't.
Okay. Thanks, Neil. Have a good day.
Thanks, bye.
How do you like that?
Capital, we're doing the thing about the steakhouse.
There's a lot of people called and raved about how great that was.
They did, but it blew up.
And the gallery, I mean, I don't remember how to get there.
I'm just out of Fort Lauderdale guy, even I was living in plantation for 100 years.
When you get east, huh?
You just go east.
Go east of one. What?
Oh, on anything until you get there.
That's why I don't want to go over there, man.
When you get east of 441 and you get into Fort Lauderdale, boy, it's a permanent construction man.
Fairly under construction.
I'll do that. It's a picnic there.
Right.
Tell them whatever I'll go in there.
I'll go in there.
Okay, nothing but time. WDQYM. Hello.
Hey, Neil, how's it going?
All right, Palley.
I saw that you, I started in Poland for the Democrat in 2008.
And it's funny to see that because off of 95, well, like down in the aventure,
there's a bunch of people holding up kinds protesting Hillary Clinton.
I'm in my car right now.
Oh, I got to get a schedule.
All right.
I like the guys that come with their own sound effects.
Oh, yeah.
That was excellent.
1113 votes on the poll.
We all make money today.
How about you, parton?
I feel like we should send a guy a check or something for all that.
You know, when I got up this morning, I mean, this maybe it's an old man.
I might actually have a winning day.
It would bind all the way down it.
They're just saying pain lately.
But I got up this morning.
I was positive.
I was going to come in here and say, George, you're doing a show like, you know,
I couldn't speak.
You sounded like, like, like, death boil over.
I felt pretty good.
Now I feel great.
I feel on top of the world.
It was just a layer of fuzz.
Is that what it was?
Yeah, you need to know.
Don't you, QA and hello?
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You got to try that on Hollandville Beach Boulevard in this game.
I forget the name.
I think it's Vera.
I spoke too much.
I don't remember, but you have to try the lamb chops with Carla.
What is on the hood?
I think it's Vera.
I spoke too much.
I'm not going to remember.
Okay.
When you said it the first time, you spoke too much.
Somebody suggested that and I forget the name of it.
Greek restaurant.
Oh, Greek.
Well, I'm not into Greek.
No way.
Look, big and fancy.
Oh, I just was still a little Richard again there on the guy called.
Damn it.
What's that?
What's that?
Well, maybe Brandon will get you a good quality audio that some day.
Although, I think I don't know where the hell he is today.
He's a vanished dummy.
He probably upset because I don't care about Vince McMahon and Donald Trump.
I just see one thing about me.
I cannot pretend to be interested in something I just don't care about.
I just, I can't know where we'll need to do it.
Like what?
I can't do it.
Well, like wrestling, like that stuff.
You know, like the WWE and the WWE FE and F, you know, FU and WR.
Yeah.
Are you ready to rumble?
All I've got is.
No, I'm not.
It's only February and already Dahlson fans have had a lot to complain about.
Rightsbury Jackass.
Oh, don't be reading the newspaper now, Neil.
Take more calls.
Okay.
WDQ is about to take a price of going up.
QAM.
WDQAM, hello.
Hello, Neil.
I'll be back next day.
Back to you.
Neil, do you happen to know where the obtuse, the obtrition beat up that old man from that new source
but part of Toronto that was?
No.
You have no idea because I want to go there.
Beat his ass.
I'd like that guy.
I'm not a child.
That guy.
He's got a cup of chocolate.
That guy's got a cup of tea.
Take care, Neil.
Okay.
Pete Silverman, by the way, is the guy 75 years old and this crazy obtition, fo-fo-fo-ni-optition.
I told you that yesterday he comes out and he just beats-they're trying to beat the crap out of him.
But Fred, there are Pete, whatever his name is.
Pete Silverman, he held his own.
He was duking it out.
He had his fist up, you know.
Like that.
And he-he-when he opened the door, this is a nut job.
He opened the door and slammed it right there.
Oh, did I hit you?
Excuse me.
And he starts punching at him and crazy.
Looks like one of those guys from India, somewhere like that.
See, you got all these, do I dare say it, fake doctors, you know, like in highly and sweet water and so on.
You're people, you know.
Yes.
With a fo-ni-um, that's right, credentials on the wall, fo-ni-degrees, etc.
And here we got like some India people like that.
Mm-hmm.
A lot of people from India, a lot of people from Pakistan, a lot of people from China, a lot of people from Philippines, some people from Hungary.
Anyway, where's the-
Rade hike on the dolphin season tickets.
And of course, Baldi, Pockmark says we raise ticket prices every year regardless of what the season is.
That's what Wayne says.
The dolphins say the $59 average ticket price was among the eight lowest in the NFL in 2006.
Meanwhile, Wayne, whose team hasn't been blacked out at home during the regular season since October of 98.
Makes the apologies for the big hike on club seats, affecting more than 4,000 renewals.
Some sweets also went up.
He says it justified asserting many club seat holders assigned to deals 20 years ago had no escalation for five years, then only a little bit.
Your increases haven't kept up with where they should have been.
He said, you had a great free ride for 20 years.
The guy sitting next to him is paying what you've got to pay now.
You've got to catch up.
Marlon's president, David Sampson, could resist mentioning the dolphin price hike during a town hall meeting Saturday.
Saying he would keep ticket costs low and a proposed new baseball stadium.
Sampson said the dolphins, whose paying for the renovations, maybe it's the fans.
Better be better, Boophead.
And with the upgrades, I think I said the club level is going to be like a golf course clubhouse, new restaurants, new clubs, new restrooms, new turlits, all of these things.
All of these things.
Despite complaints, we hit the number of nonmenuals has been comparable to past years.
Barry says we don't want to lose one ticket season ticket order, Wayne said.
However, there's a long waiting list for those seats on the sideline.
So in other words, club deer and drear, the same thing.
They don't like it.
Take a hike.
Just like they got to call before it, don't read the newest paper.
You don't like the show?
Take a hike.
Get lost.
Audio's.
Your ghost.
Can't stand those people.
And you know they won.
Those are the people who would never ever leave.
The bitures, the complainers, the winers.
Can't pay them too.
You couldn't hold a gun to their head.
Exactly.
I'd like to.
Yeah, I know.
Well, there you go.
There's Andrea and where's that hot weather guy on CNN?
As soon as I mentioned something about that, he's never come back.
That I key guy.
He's not I key and he's not IE.
Maybe he's waiting for some hot weather.
He's pretty hot.
20 to 1 in 5, 60 WQM.
And hold it.
Previously on 24.
The following takes place between 10 and 10 5 a.m.
On Jack Bauer's 24 hours off.
Well, Mr. Bauer, I'm Dr. Schnitzel Grober.
If you just bend over there and grab your ankles for just a second,
this shouldn't take long.
Thought you'd ever come into my office and talk to me like that.
I can't you understand me?
You're in my office.
I'm tired of putting my ass on the line for nothing.
I'm done putting my ass on the line for nothing.
The winds so tense as well, hurts.
It's just a question of how much you wanted to hurt.
I come down Mr. Bauer, maybe if I call it the nurse.
Nurse.
Nurse.
I'm not really not like your teacher, though.
24 hours off.
Then I only on Fox.
I Fox.
12.45 at 5.60 WQM.
And I feel like I haven't even had this cold.
How do you like that?
Just like a branded child.
I wonder what that's all about.
Don't tell me it was that stupid as tea either.
Okay, I will think it's just nature doing its thing.
Plus the fact that I went to bed mighty early last night,
I slept like a child, man, like an infant.
Hot liquid.
Is that what it is?
Yes.
It'll be drinking 18 out of it.
And then I'll have to involve it out of your throat, though.
That's what got rid of it.
The velvet?
The velvet fond?
The velvet fond?
The velvet fond?
Former Bush, I ought to not read this guy's been to get upset.
Former Bush National Security Council official.
Also said a wait a minute.
Sam reading the wrong spot here.
This is from the Ross story.
Former Bush National Security Council officer Flint Levert,
speaking today at a forum held by the New America Foundation,
told the crowd in the Senate office building that in 2003,
then Secretary of State, Ruling, Kohl and Powell received a grand bargain offer from Iran
and was rebuffed by the White House.
I know it's a fact from multiple sources.
This went all the way up to Secretary Powell Levert,
said citing multiple sources at the State Department and the National Security Council,
and Powell's words, he couldn't sell it at the White House.
In other words, Iran made them an offer that couldn't refuse and they refused.
Levert said the letter was also delivered to the UN Security Council,
right to the Congress last week that she'd never seen it.
Right.
The document went over to the NSC and it's unthinkable that it wouldn't have been
God's National Security Advisor, Condom Lisa Levert, asserted she owes Congress an apology
for saying she hadn't seen the document.
The statement she's making before Congress are not true, Levert,
noted that, whilst almost certainly, knows they aren't true.
In other words, liar, liar, your pantaloonies are on fire, bitch.
Levert, who served as the senior director from at least affairs on the National Security Council
from March 2002 to March 2003, added that Condom Lisa was probably lying,
which she said she hadn't seen the offer Iran made, which was channeled through Tim Gulderman,
the Swiss Ambassador to Iran.
The Washington Post printed a PDF of the offer today's online edition of their newspaper.
Gulderman told US officials in 2003 that an Iranian proposal for comprehensive talks
had been approved by Iran's Supreme Religious Leader, Ayatollah Ali Kamani,
then President Mohamed Kattami, and then for Minister Kamal Karazah,
according to a copy of the cover letter, to the Iranian document obtained by the post.
Better be better, but a boot better, but a boot better.
How do you like that?
I've posted a couple of stories about that.
Did you?
During the vacation week?
Sure, nobody cares.
No, I mean, what does it got to do with Anna McCool for granted?
Right, her rotting carcass.
And the fact that we're going to start dropping nukes on Iran and stuff like that.
Why should anybody care about that or all those dead people in Iraq?
See, that's one good thing about the American people.
Thanks to the mass media, they really got their priorities straightened up.
They got their heads on straight, eh?
And as far as these calls are concerned, I see we've got back into this dilemma again.
How did you allow me to do this?
Weakness?
Drugs?
Because it is Wednesday.
And I thought that yesterday went okay, considering the fact that I couldn't speak.
And Monday went just spiffy as what you told me.
And today has been, you know, just fine.
But all of a sudden, I look at the phone and it's dead as a durant.
And line one, by the way, still doesn't work.
Here at QIAM.
I just mentioned that.
I'll mention it every day.
Just care.
What is it?
Yeah, I'm no as picking and then picking.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound 5, 60.
And they've arrived in Singular wireless line.
And like you said, in a world-class city like in South Florida, why should there be any problem,
any time of any day of the week finding a magnificent place for a fantastic meal?
WDQYM, hello.
Hey, Neil, how are you?
Pretty good, sir.
I want to say that two things.
Let me raise my windows in my car.
And beautiful, Delray Beach.
How do you bounce on this day to you?
And back to you.
And also, the reason I think that, like you said, Barack Obama is so attractive to the voters on many levels,
is because A, the Republicans are just completely melting everything up and everybody knows that.
But also, for this generation, he kind of reminds me of a multi-cultural, catagraph,
Kennedy, Conor.
Yeah, that's what I said before, right?
Right.
And I just think that that is going to resonate.
If this guy does something serious doesn't come out on him, I can't see how he doesn't go forward.
Okay, well, that's all.
I got my fingers and my legs crossed.
Love you, baby.
Thanks, Pali.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Barack in 2008.
He'll be great.
Don't be late.
And Pound 5, 60.
And he arrives in Singular wireless line.
WDQYM, hello.
And collaboration with Neil Rogers in the hard rock.
We bring you the fight she's all been waiting for.
WDQYM, hello.
And Neil, I got a question.
Yeah.
This last Sunday I was watching a movie on, I think it was an FX channel.
And in the movie, they showed two guys, you know, they're back, you know, the fun.
And I thought that was not possible, but I was just wondering why they did that.
It's not possible.
It's not possible.
It's not possible.
It's not possible.
It's not possible.
It's not possible.
It's not possible.
And it's a cable channel FX.
Oh, gosh.
Thank you very much.
No, none of my friends could answer the question.
Okay, well, I'm glad you guys all enjoyed that though.
The beer butts.
That was good.
Backed them.
Uh-huh.
So you had no problem with that.
You just want to know how they could get away with that.
That's because it was on cable.
Although I do notice that even on cable, they still bleep out a lot of words and stuff and crowd it.
So that's America for you.
They just don't want to cause a ruckus.
They don't want to take their chance.
They don't want to stick their neck out there and get stuck in a ringer.
They're going to get a zinger and a dinger.
How we doing on a pool?
We're going to make 1200?
I mean, I do sound pretty good considering what I did this morning.
I've been here for about 100 hours.
1147 votes on the pool.
We'll get 1200 easy.
And then Joe Bell will come in here to a clock and say, great job, guys.
Excellent job.
And by the way, George, he said that word before.
Yeah.
What was the word again, pervenium?
What was that word about?
Oh, geez.
I wish I knew.
I have no idea what that.
Something about your ball.
What a work.
WQA.
Hello.
WQA and hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
You're right.
I didn't like hearing of a news article read.
Yeah, good.
Drop dead.
Okay.
That's his material.
He's got nothing else to say.
And there's anybody else.
I don't know why I get stuck in this phone thing, man.
Every once in a while, it looks like there's going to be a little bit of progress.
And then all of a sudden it's right back to this again.
And of course, he felt compelled to call back again.
To tell me that he won't mind.
No, no, no, no, no.
In fact, I'll tell you what he could do after every article I read he can call and say,
you're right, I didn't want to hear another article on here.
You can do that.
Because at least it will give him something.
I have no idea.
You know, fill up his time.
Like this one.
Jackson Michigan.
Well, I remember Jackson Michigan man.
Jackson Harris raceway.
Remember that clearance A.O. to your band field?
Glenn Quick.
There comes Whitey Amesville on the far outside.
But anyway, Jackson Michigan.
You know where that is?
Nope.
It's like it's like right in Central Michigan.
It's south of Lansing.
Right behind Kalamazoo in Detroit.
A Christian University in Jackson County is firing a transgendered professor.
Dr. John Nemechek has taught at the school for 16 years.
But when he started transitioning to become a woman,
the school reduced Nemechek's responsibilities eventually ending his contract.
But not everyone supports the university's decision.
Spring Harbor is a Christian school.
But one group of faculty and students there say that doesn't mean there is a room for students.
It's a room for diversity or a proversity.
Monday they held a rally to support the transgendered professor fired by the school.
I'm overwhelmed.
I'm really grateful for them coming out on a cold and wintry day.
So Dr. Julie Nemechek, they came out on a cold and wintry day.
And by the way, what that was that basketball player that came out of the closet?
John Amichi.
There was a huge article in the yesterday's, I'm sure I'll read it through the paper way.
And the yesterday's Toronto star about him and about how he said that Toronto is ready for a gay athlete to come out of the closet
and how progressive and open minded and wait, which he's read about that.
Because this city is extraordinarily gay, but nevertheless.
Anyway, the people were all gathered in front of Spring Harbor University for Dr. Julie Nemechek.
Spring Harbor hasn't given a solid reason why Julie can't stay here.
We think it's really important that she stay said one supporter.
I wonder if Jim Park was wearing a supporter that well, he didn't have it on at the moment.
Nemechek's attorney Randy Barnaby says letting Julie go amounts to discrimination.
I wish he wouldn't have reminded me of that by the way.
It makes him emotional when I think about it.
Three at a moment.
Yes.
I wish I could turn the clock back in time and just relive that moment.
I might relive it later.
What word did you say?
Clock.
Oh.
Nemechek's attorney Randy Barnaby says letting Julie go amounts to discrimination.
This may be a Christian college.
I thought that's what it was all about, Christianity's discrimination.
Height.
Right.
But they accept federal funds.
Their students get federal funding.
And when you get federal funds, you have to follow the federal law said Barnaby.
This case is said to go to mediation march.
But Nemechek's attorney says that if that doesn't work, they're going to take it to court.
They're going to take it.
Oh, Judge, Julie was on last night, King.
That's why I went to bed.
I do a lot of damage.
I wanted to, for one moment, to watch, I'll watch Larry King to hear what she's got to say.
She's been, you even put up with his crafts, right?
She said, you're a stranger.
They don't come any stranger than Larry.
Well, that's for name sure.
And I'll tell you, he's not the one that pooped his pants a couple days ago.
Well, as far as we know, at least we haven't had the reports yet.
12.56 on QYM.
It's the one to two hour.
I want to move back to DC.
So please vote for Hillary, my curvil winner.
Move back into the White House.
You can call me the first fossil plant state dinners.
But for my lady, vote, vote for my lady.
I'm talking about former first lady.
That's right, folks.
It is Hillary's time.
Once he's flying Air Force One, I'll be home, get ready.
He has some in the last wing.
And when I lie in chief, I cannot be impeached.
That's the best thing.
Before my lady, vote, vote, vote for my lady.
Talking about former first lady.
It is Hillary's time.
Do you want to smash your babies?
That's right.
Roll that.
You would all back into the Lincoln bedroom.
I want to wish positions.
Don't give me a secretary of state.
That's what I want.
Let me see.
Now I'll be chief of staff.
Well, there you go, staff is the word.
101 and 560.
Uh-oh.
CBS4 investigative reporter Mike Kirsch was arrested
and they doing a traffic stop in D'Arral, according to the date police.
I thought there was another page coming there.
It just sounded like it, but nothing happened.
No, it was a false alarm.
Yeah.
It happened this morning at Northwest 150th,
Avenue 42nd Terrace.
Stop reading the news, Neil.
Oh, I'm sorry.
According to police, Kirsch was driving his daughter to school when he made an illegal
left turn and officer pulled his ass over.
And the rest of them too.
Kirsch charged the officer in an aggressive manner said,
Mary Walters with the date police department.
The charger charges were not immediately known.
We just found out ourselves that Channel 4's spokesman Lee Zimmerman were trying to
what get to the bottom of it.
I wonder what ever happened to Mike Zimmer?
Who?
Mike Zimmer used to be my producer when I worked at W.S. News once upon a time.
Then he went to be a cameraman at Channel 4.
He was a fine-looking young man.
He was, uh, you know, one of those guys.
Let me help call it.
Mike Zimmer?
Get out of here.
What would ever happen to Mike Korvath?
He used to be, you know, that would be an interesting thing to find out
all that we never probably will.
And certainly by taking the calls, you know, how much information we get.
I think Capitol Grill sounds like a good answer to my dilemma.
They're open weekends noon to four.
And highly, um, my highly rated, I mean, get nothing but rave reviews.
What do you think?
Have you ever eaten there?
No, I have not.
So I can't help that.
Well, what about Chris?
No, sir.
Anything?
Well, listen, you, I can't believe there's any place you haven't eaten.
Now that's a little bit of a shot coming from a fat slide like me, but, you know, you certainly don't...
You've been Broward, correct?
Yeah, in the Galaria.
Well, I've been...
He lived down by the Metro Zoo.
I beg your pardon?
Chris almost lives in Key West.
You lived by the Metro Zoo?
Yes.
Well, I'll be damned.
And now, is it you or who is it that hates what's his name from the Ramagil?
That would be me.
And what is it about Ramagil?
I'll let you despise him.
In fact, he's fake.
Very.
Well, I'll play that open for the one or two hour again.
And you see how it's since you were...
This is Ramagil from Army Metro Zoo.
And I listen to that, and you know, Rodgers wanted to.
Hell, let's eat better than sex with the animals.
No, that's not a pretty sincere to me.
Didn't it to you?
He has to meet with everybody every day a million times.
So he's got that whole...
Oh, I love you too, down.
But when you're behind the scenes, you see him.
He's very fake.
Are you saying like backstabbers that we're trying to say?
I don't know about backstabber, but you know that...
That's cool.
You know, you're a good friend.
Yeah, it turns to whatever.
Get away from me, type thing.
Now, do you work for him or something?
Because it sounds like you've got a personal bug up your ass about Porra and McGill.
I was in the...
He's always been a lot of school in the Magna-Param and Eighth and Eighth and Eighth grade.
You were in the Zoological Magna-Param?
Magna-Param.
You know, that's what we have down here where...
Well, what does that mean?
It's to integrate schools, like, you know, different high schools in junior highs have special programs
to bring other kids into the school?
I'm going to tell you, if they bring the...
They're showing all the snow here.
I don't know who this guy is.
This mocha guy in Albany.
I'm CNN.
But if they bring the other weather guy back, I may have to, like,
have an interlude and, like, hover over the TV set or something.
That guy is really something.
I'm just telling you because you guys wouldn't know, but I'm just, you know...
No.
The Aki guy.
In fact, yeah, there's an arrow.
When he comes on the screen on TV, there's an arrow.
I can't tell you where it's pointing to his...
But it says Aki.
I don't know what that means.
You'll have to translate for me.
All right.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Good call so far.
Not too bad.
Q-A-M.
That's one of the quietest deadlines I've ever heard.
I love those.
And W-Q-A-M.
Hello, our last one.
Hello.
Like I said.
Okay.
Yeah, quite a bit of those news stories.
And let's go back to the great calls, man.
They're really dynamite.
Capital Real, I think, is a capital idea.
Now, if I go through my pile of stuff here,
that's probably not a good idea.
Because, you know, one thing about this audience,
you can never go back.
How many tens do we discuss that?
How many million times?
You can do the most hysterical, the most enjoyable,
the most loved show.
And if you come back the next day
and you do anything that even smacks of anything similar...
Oh, GD, I've been playing that game, Neil.
I've already played that game.
I've played this.
Oh, there's also a capital grill in Brick Labanoo.
In Miami.
Oh, I don't...
Do I want to go all the way down there?
Oh, I don't know if you do.
I don't.
Well, I can fight about it with my close personal friend.
We can battle it out before...
444 Brickle, Rivergate Plaza.
Now, you're a date county guy.
Chris, here you go.
Where's that?
It's never heard of it.
It's out in town.
It's never...
You never want?
I've not heard of Rivergate Plaza.
What are you...
You kind of...
No.
Well, what thought that's in Dade County?
I don't even date county.
Like, you...
What kind of people live in Dade County?
People who are stuck there, I'm sure.
Exactly.
Brickle Avenue is down, town, and just south of...
Well, wait, wait a minute.
Are you suggesting that I don't know where Brickle Avenue is?
Are you suspecting where you didn't know where you were?
In other words, you think that I'm that stupid?
That after having been there for like 30 years,
I don't know where Brickle Avenue is?
That's all I've ever thought.
That's wrong with you, man.
That's all the time I was going lately.
Don't remember how you tell that gin park story every year.
Yeah, well, I guess.
That's something I'll never forget.
Believe me.
You just forget telling people about it.
Well, maybe back into the eye, I could tell them about it.
As you know now, just like they got a one-to-hit room.
The bit.
Yeah, the playing...
Playing...
Playing...
Pag by, yeah.
Bang Flag Clifes, right.
That was the same park thing, something we can play or not.
I don't know.
I think it's...
I think it's...
When you be in a room, you'll be in a park.
I recall my life school days.
And we're dreaming about gin park.
I should.
Yes, I do.
I should.
We weren't swimming.
They could have did it.
Now, I never went swimming.
They could with him.
I did see him naked though.
They were in the locker room that one day.
But, uh, because he was not in the same class.
But I was telling you one thing.
P-E.
And when I saw the gin in the room,
I felt like dropping into my knee.
Oh, no.
Well, that's probably just the same one of those prayers for me.
It would bite us.
A lot of people drop into their knees these days.
It was a summer day of school, right?
Yeah.
It was a seminal idea, I think, to check out this.
So there's a capital of grilled is more than one.
I guess I'll Google it during the break.
There's no emergency now.
This isn't something that's coming up like in five minutes
or something like that.
But I hear nothing but it says,
juicy porter house steaks,
North Atlantic lobster,
grilled seafood,
and classic desserts.
I'm gonna...
And that's some good.
Yeah, it doesn't even have any bacon to make today.
It's because we got that damn snow out there.
How's the snow doing up there right now?
Now, Neil, not too bad.
I've got...
I'll tell you one thing about up north, okay?
At least here,
although we haven't had any snow up until today,
like hardly at all, all season.
But like in Buffalo,
and other horrible places that nobody is seeing wants to live,
they sure know how to do it when the snow comes in.
The gigantic mountainous amounts of lake effects snow
and all the other crap comes in.
They know how to clear it pretty good.
Pretty fast.
Now, can you imagine if it ever weepy snow would say
what was on the beach thought about that?
Like they can't drive what it had to be.
They can't drive on a perfectly dry road.
Can you imagine the Alpha Cockers?
What is our friend Susan Candy on?
Emergency hearing.
And that...
Body can be in bomb, but not buried.
Getting custody.
That's what the judge says.
Here comes the judge.
Here comes the judge.
The lawyers representing Howard Kaster and her partner
have successful repetition for this emergency hearing
in about a half hour from now.
Oh my God.
To argue before the judge that they have the rights
to aninocle smith's remains.
Now, in order to prove that, they attached
affidavits to their petition.
And those are statements coming from
a former bodyguard from a doctor who is a friend
of Smith and Sterns, a friend of Smith from Texas,
as well as an interview that aninocle smith
once did with entertainment tonight, that show,
in which she states that she wishes to be buried
in the Bahamas next to her son Daniel.
Oh my God.
She died of an overdose at the age of 20 back in September,
literally a few days after the birth of Danny Lynn
aninocle smith's infant daughter.
Yeah, you know, I love Susan Candy out.
She's a sweetheart and she...
You know, remember the day that Steve Nichol
had her come in to do that?
Yeah.
She said, yeah, she's an interview about some diet
that I wasn't even on.
I was so embarrassing.
Yeah, so she loves us.
But nevertheless, we love you too, Susan.
But you'd almost think that there was an important story
about Aninocle and who's the father of the baby?
And is she rotting and how bad is it smell?
Capital grill in Miami on 444 Brickle.
Let's see when they're open.
They're open Monday through Thursday.
Oh, see that isn't going to work, not for them.
How's that possible?
Oh, you want to know why?
Why?
Because they're in downtown Miami.
They're like for business people, see?
Right.
Restaurants that cater to the business crowd
on the weekends are not open for lunch.
Just like here in the city.
There's nothing going on in downtown Miami on the way.
So I guess that kind of nervous it down to the Gila Ria,
which is a good spot.
It's kind of a close shave.
I think I really ought to bring that thing here.
Shaving your ****.
And this guy's giving me, don't read the newspaper on here.
Where did that come from?
One of our listeners?
What?
The shaving, yeah.
I got an email from William.
That was one of the all-time bests.
Thank you, William.
Don't pay any attention to that putts they called earlier.
I wouldn't know his assets today.
Somebody put both hands on it.
God, that was pathetic.
175 votes on the pool.
Is it this point we just want you to honor the California
courts order?
Just keep the body here, judge, until the Cali.
I have never, other than James Brown, which I guess is not a controversy.
I guess there was intentional the way that he wanted it.
Right?
Yeah.
But in her case, I have never seen such a fuss over a body.
I mean, granted, there's plenty of body there, but my God.
Everybody's going to pull in and tugging in.
And it's like a, like, the wishbone.
And thanksgiving, man.
Everybody's yanking in all kinds of directions, so to speak.
I don't think I can say that.
W-D-Q-A-M, hello.
Hey!
Yes, sir.
Who's this?
Who you calling?
I was going to talk to George.
What do you want to talk to him for?
There's a real one I talked to George for.
What am I?
What am I?
What am I?
What am I?
What am I?
What am I?
What am I?
What am I?
What am I?
What am I?
I don't open on the weekend, there, anyway, so I can't do that.
Plus, I don't want to go there.
I don't know.
I mean, Dave County for me, eh, you know.
And my quarterback is a television producer in Dallas.
Really?
Yes.
What a, he's a good guy.
Did you know Mike?
I know him, yeah.
I mean, real personal like, or what?
I know, I'm not at all.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
See, the people that I remember are the good looking guys.
You know, my quarterback was a good looking young guy.
When he was a camera guy, Channel Sixer, a news guy, whatever he was, now he's in Dallas.
Love you, Mike.
I'll say, see, I'm easy.
Just about I am, you know, like that song goes, I'm easy.
What's that, the parody we got?
I'm skinny.
And I'm easy.
What it is?
You don't have it?
Skinny?
The parody.
I don't know where to even look for it.
You don't have it?
You know, I don't think you're keeping up to date.
And then once it gets to be April and then other service starts without the disc anymore.
And chicken neck is going to have to, I don't know how you guys are going to get, you know,
a fight over that thing.
I don't know, I'm going to try to convince them to keep mailing the discs.
Right.
Here it is.
What's wrong with you, man?
There's so many magic mushrooms there, man.
The combo will bitch you.
I'm not too crazy about my original content right now.
And stand up.
No, it's not as crazy, but you drink small bands.
Oh, I do like that song.
I don't know why.
Do you like that song?
I don't know where she is.
Let me see.
It started out as a good song and then they played it five thousand times.
They don't play memma.
They don't play memma.
I don't know.
No, it was free.
Oh boy.
I hate it.
I hate it.
I'm so excited.
I think it's freeback.
No, it's down.
It's going to burn up.
It's going to scare me.
1180.
That 1180.
WHA and Rochester.
I've never said about, you know, used to get free hockey tickets for the Rochester Amers from Bob Turner.
I used to do this forks on WHA and Rochester.
Not exciting?
Nope.
And he would read the names of the winner because nobody else wanted them.
You know, I mean, no, actually the Amers are still around.
They drew well, but it was one of those things.
It was one of those radio nerds, you know, and there's the send-in postcards to win the free hockey tickets.
And just every week almost I get to get a pair of free hockey tickets from Bob Turner.
I like that.
And he'd reach in the thing and, oh, yeah, Nelson be how far and Canada is like that.
How the hell did I ever get here?
You know, when you really come right down to what stuff I'm thinking about it?
How did I get my ass sitting in this chair right now?
You know what I mean?
Gravity.
Seriously, I should write a book.
Nobody would read by it, but, you know, maybe I'll just write it on my blog and I'll have sure that you got it.
I haven't written anything on there in a long time.
Somebody else will cut and paste it and then they'll, they'll, you know, release the book and make a million dollars.
Right.
That's okay.
One thing I'm not sure of, by the way, is money.
Sonny.
I don't say that to rub it into you guys since you're getting paid the big bucks.
That's right.
But that's one thing.
And I want to tell you something.
Money isn't everything, but you know what?
Having more of it is not a bad idea.
The biggest thing.
As a whole, it's not what.
The biggest thing is the raw truth.
As the social media is going to be alive on a bill by Mission Roly.
And, and hold it.
And now, Fred from rehab, Ms. USA Tara Conner talks about her battles with drugs and drinking about her recovery on Mary King Live.
What do you do to Mrs. USA?
Who's supposed to do?
You know, still my boy with drugs and alcohol.
Really?
I think so.
Cocaine?
Exactly.
Does it lead you to wilder things, sexual things?
Whatever.
Let's watch.
I don't think so.
I'm very insecure.
I'm very insufficient.
What was the worst thing about rehab?
I didn't get to use my phone.
Do you have a desire, alcohol?
Oh, well, maybe I can just have one more.
One more's not going to hurt.
Now, we'll be right back.
I'm Mary King Live.
Don't go away.
I'm okay.
Ah.
One-I-teen.
All the trauma all the time.
And we got so many important things going on.
We got, oh, yeah, her and then we got the astronaut.
We got poor Anne in the cold.
Who was rotting.
Who was fleshers rotting and stinking and all.
Grotesque.
Like, you were saying before about how do those people smell back in the day?
Probably not all I could, I imagine.
But since everything is relative, it probably didn't, you know, they didn't notice.
Yeah, I was just the background smell of the world.
Kind of like an afternoon at Woodbine is what reminds me of.
The sights, the sounds, and the smells.
I remember on high in Z one time I did a thing about the sights and the sounds of prune world.
Of course, we can't play those sounds anymore, but you can use your imagination.
Right.
5.670560.
I don't want to read any more of this stuff because, number one, I'm losing my voice again.
Have you noticed?
Let's go.
I'm not thinking any more of that hot tea.
And number two, I don't want to get that guy very upset.
He was like going to jump, didn't it?
Yeah, it was right on the edge of the balcony there.
He had one leg over it and one leg up his...
Correct him.
But 5.670560.
Pond 560 and they've arrived in Singular Wireless Line.
Have you duty fast from mechalads?
Is it going to be possible to place a link for that shaving site?
And whatever that says.
Shaving the article.
Let's put that up on our website on theorages.com.
Okay.
Probably there are a lot of shabery around us.
Her boyfriend or husband or both who get a close shave.
Who now knows?
I still say, and you can go on from now until the end of time.
It sounds very gay to me.
Just from personal experience, they...
They noted the body wash they when you first brought it up.
It sounded very gay to me.
I know because you're gay.
What is it?
I said you're gay.
Oh no.
You're gay.
Oh!
I came handling.
W-Q-I-M, hello.
Q-A-M.
Let's talk to you, Mielby.
Speaking.
How are you doing?
Good.
I've been waiting years to call you to thank you for something you did a couple years ago.
Okay.
Back during the LA riots, someone called up and said about that there was going to be a revolution.
You will understand that when you said to them, nothing's going to change.
From that day on, I looked at the world a different way and had a better life because of that.
I just wanted to call them.
Thank you for that.
Good.
So, in our life, man, those are my two words of advice.
Enjoy life.
I'm telling you.
But after...
Are you going to keep on taking calls as a fluke today?
What do you mean by that?
Well, I mean, you know, sometimes I enjoy the calls, but I think you were down.
You probably know that body.
George is a mess with you.
Quit playing that body.
No, no, that was an accident.
I was getting a quick pace like it's something's missing.
Go ahead, sir.
I'm just saying that I'm just glad you think you called it.
I've been waiting years to thank you for that and so.
Well, you're very welcome and the price was right.
Exactly.
Enjoy life, Palli.
Thank you.
No, that's my advice to people.
I mean, you know, I read a lot of this serious stuff and I try to get people to look...
Like, here's Doug Thompson's article.
I might read that if I have time or if I have enough voice, I doubt it.
They don't want to hear me reading all this fond of this stuff.
But, you know, sitting here on the radio is not going to change the world.
There's some people who take themselves way too seriously.
And I used to do that back in the day.
You know, I did those boring shows with the guests and all this other crap.
And I was talking to the average demographic back then was death plus 20, you know.
And I'm thinking I'm going to change something.
I'm not saying we totally disinterested and don't give a crap about what else is going on.
But enjoy your life because if you think that you're going to change the powers that be
and the insanity of the world, I mean, just look what's going on right now.
Just take a look at it and then puked your guts out and go back and have a good time.
That's my best advice.
You have a very limited time.
Enjoy. We got 1200 votes on the poll.
How do you like that, huh?
How do you like them rotten apples?
I don't know what that means either.
No, they're stupid, they're cliche.
How do you like them apples?
Well, I don't know.
How about you like them blueberries?
Yeah.
Which Democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008?
Promethary votes.
Barack Obama, 350.
He's pulling away a little bit.
You go, man.
He's 42 votes ahead of Al Gore with his 308.
Hillary Clinton, 129.
John Edwards, 105.
I'm Republican 81.
Well, your mama.
Whoever's 71, they just don't care.
71.
5.9%.
They're busy enjoying life and having a good time out of blame them.
Bill Richardson, 57.
How are Dean 40?
Joe Biden, 31.
And I hate this poll only 28 to 0.3%.
Finally got a poll that somebody liked.
WQIM, hello.
Which we had to do after that horrible poll yesterday,
which I still apologize for.
That was very, very weak on Georgia's point.
I'm sorry I talked to it.
WQIM, hello.
Okay, so there's two for two on that.
See, the questions are going to continue taking it out.
Yeah, if we get them, you know.
But assuming that they're going to be calls means that you're assuming somebody
might have actually something to say and a question soft-forwarder.
That's highly unlikely, extraordinarily, extremely, amazingly, un-un-un.
Likely is what I would suggest.
I could be wrong about that.
It's being the hard bit and old bastard that I am.
But it just, you know, doesn't happen very often.
I mean, we've had some people today who had a little bit,
a little something, something, right?
Yeah.
I mean, not like overwhelming, not spectacular, not sensational,
not really, you know, educational, informative, amusing, et cetera.
Although the one guy that had the sound effect going,
the whole thing, that was pretty good.
Where can we get more of those guys?
Yeah, we need a lot more like him.
Get your own equipment going over there.
Maybe Jim Scholar, help you out.
WNQA and Hello.
Hey, what's up, Uncle Neil?
How you doing, sir?
Uh, my throat's starting to feel like yours,
I'm like all rat-free and crack.
Raspberry, yeah.
Anyway.
Yeah.
I'll just to wish you and Georgie a happy Valentine's Day,
and that's it.
I ain't got no-no.
Back to you.
Okay, see you having an Edm of the same.
He's a nice guy.
Mm-hmm.
Sounds very, uh, gay.
Now I don't mean him, but just a comment.
Heterosexual men do not wish other men happy Valentine's Day.
I don't care what anybody says.
It just, you know, I mean, they can do it.
Like he just did it.
We've had a few people do that today.
To me, it sounds extraordinarily gay, you know.
It's just that kind of a holiday, you know.
It's a holiday for sweetheart.
Right.
Could be two guys.
Could be a guy in a chick.
Could be, you know, whatever.
Could be two chicks.
Could be a chick in a chunk.
26 past one at five, 60 WQM.
What the hell was that?
I don't know.
Oh, it must have a real quiet, uh, old grump.
Real quiet.
I don't think it, uh, that one actually recorded.
Look at that.
I don't think I've ever done that before in my life.
It was the first time I've ever.
This one did, though.
How do you like that?
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
I'm not a fan.
Okay, well, I wouldn't record a thank-youness for that.
Yeah, there was, uh, like, 30 seconds of, uh, uh, blanks.
Probably it was.
Well, that's a way it goes.
It's a technical screw-up.
And, and this time, it's on this end, and I'm proud of it.
I'm real happy for myself.
It felt 120 votes on the poll.
Well, Chris would have really leaned heavily on this, and he's, uh,
got the ability to lean heavily.
We could have made 13 today.
But it doesn't look like that's gonna happen.
And because there are absolutely no calls on it,
or I'm going to read Doug Thompson's column.
Oh, no!
Oh, yes.
But business as usual on Capitol Hill.
From Capitol Hill Blue.com.
He says, yet things are different in Washington,
since the Democrats took over the Hill
and turned the place into the most ethical Congress in history.
No more gridlock, no more fat, cataloguist, buying access,
no more talking to talk, but not walking the walk.
Wait a minute.
Let's look again.
President Bush is still doing pretty much
whatever the hell he wants,
sending more American troops to buy in his illegal and immoral war.
Congress hasn't stopped him,
nor are they close to finding any way to do so.
The Senate still can't make up its mind
how to debate on a nine-binding resolution
while the House promises one by the end of this week.
But it's too little,
more than a political, oh, I can't even read that.
Yank off.
Uh-oh.
Well, I'm not going to read what it says.
After the public relations,
we have an 100-hour agenda
that Huffton, Puffton, produced little,
the hell is settled into the same old bastion
of all talk, less work, and even less action.
And those lobbyists who speak for Nancy Pelosi,
a majority leader, Harry Reid,
promised to be driven from the halls of power.
They're still around,
still writing out the big checks,
still buying access,
and still controlling the legislative agenda.
Democratic Senator Bill Nelson had a bunch of them down
to Miami Weekend before last for the Super Bowl.
For five grand each,
they got to cozy up to the Senator in the sky box and mingle.
Now they're back in Washington,
writing legislation to benefit their clients
that the Senator will be, oh, so happy to sponsor.
Senator Tom Carpour,
Democrat from Delaware,
set up a skiing weekend at the risk of Huffton,
Bachelor, Galtz, Resorting, Colorado,
for lobbyists willing to pony up five grand each.
That's also the cost to go skiing
in snowmobiling this month in Montana
with Senator Max Boccus.
Can't make it this month?
That's all right.
Max is having a fly fishing weekend this summer.
Cost the same, just write out a check for five big ones.
But that's cheap compared to the weekend
at Harbor House Resort sponsored
by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee.
It'll take a check for 25 grand
to hop now with members of the most ethical Congress in history.
Over on the House side,
Representative Stephanie Tubbs doesn't want
the girls left out,
so Lady lobbyists are welcome to join her
manicures and muffins at Capitol Nails in Washington.
The price is a true bargain by lobbying standards,
just $2,500 bucks.
Republicans, of course,
aren't sitting back and claiming the high road.
They're too busy finding their own way
to let lobbyists buy votes.
Senator Mel Martinez is sponsoring a $5,000
head president's day weekend at Disney World
while Virginia Representative Eric Cantor
will drink coffee with lobbyists at Starbucks
for $2,500.
The cost of a double latte just went up.
One of the first actions promised
by the New Leadership of Congress
was a ban on free trips and lavish gifts
from lobbyists to members of Congress,
a reaction of scandal-scarred former Republican
whippedom blaze mini-golfing trips
and lavish vacation on somebody else's tab.
But the ink hadn't dried on the bill
before the campaign funding committees
on both sides started circulating memos
and how to get around the new restrictions.
Instead of letting the lobbyists pay the tab directly,
the money now goes into the political campaign fund
which pays the tab.
Members of Congress have long lived large
out their campaign war chest.
A look at the Federal Election Commission reports
the speaker of the House Pelosi shows
her campaign funds pay for clothing,
cars, dinners of fancy restaurants,
and manicures.
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid stays
in $1,500 a night hotel suites
and lets his campaign fund foot the bill.
The fund also buys his cars.
And it doesn't take long for newcomers
to learn the ways of the world freshman
Democratic Senator Jim Webb,
the so-called breath of fresh air
who delivered the highly-present
response to Bush's tedious state of the Union
and dressed, set up a leadership pack
as soon as he got to town.
Leadership pack?
What or who is Webb leading?
Such willingness to sell their souls
should come as no surprise.
It became obvious as soon as Democrats
picked their leaders that this would be
business as usual.
Reid is a well-known Nevada con man
who uses the power of office to line his pockets
with shady real estate deals
in much the same way as former Republican
speaker Denny Hasdard.
Pelosi branched, she learned politics
at her daddy's knee, which is a dubious honor
when he considered that he was a bagman
for the mafia, a mob-controlled mayor of Baltimore.
California political boss Jesse Umrah
used to say, money is the mother's milk of politics.
It still is, but the milk is going to
sour from all the pimps and whores
from the most ethical, congress, and history
sucking it on Mama's teeth.
How do you like that, Doug?
Tonson, the word worked up to the dog.
Going, Dougie.
Now, certainly, we couldn't, you know,
probably that guy would call back and say,
gee, you know, again,
but he won't even do that.
That is shame, because he's out of material
twice, twice as many can handle.
From 120 votes on the pool,
how's Barack doing, man?
He is the man.
I'm telling you right now.
You'll see, you'll see a groundswell.
He, I mean, it's only February,
middle of February of 2007.
He's going to leave Hillary in the dust,
and he's not doing all that well with our crowd.
He's got about not even 11%.
Barack Obama, 354, he's got a 37 vote lead in the Al Gore.
354, 317.
Swillery's only got 103, 1.
So in other words, he's got almost three times as many
as Swillery has got.
I just don't, you know, if her last name wasn't Clinton,
if she wasn't Bill Clinton's wife.
I mean, granted, so she's a senator from New York.
What we do, you know, and that's the only reason
she got elected senator in New York.
But anyway, I mean, if she wasn't Bill Clinton's wife,
would anybody take her seriously?
Her brilliant healthcare operation,
and that was brilliant.
And her vote for the war, which now she's trying
every way to manipulate verbally out of that deal,
she's just a full of crap, is what she is.
I've got a personality like a stone, like a rock,
like a brick.
She's got 131 votes, though.
John Edwards, 106.
I'm a Republican 83, 6.7% of this crowd Republican.
Well, we're in bear.
We'll pray for you.
Whoever, 73, Bill Richardson, 57,
how a Dean's got 41.
Joe Biden, 33, and I hate this pull only 28,
a mere 2.2% of 2.2.
Which for this crowd is staggering, they low.
Here's Sam who says, when you go to Woodbind,
you play two machines sometimes,
or is it best to play one at a time?
Also, you've been on any horses while spinning the wheel.
No.
No, I don't bet the horses that would buy.
And I did way back when I started going a couple of times.
Had a little bit of success,
but I stayed downstairs with the machines, Mon.
Anyway, do I play two machines?
If you play two machines at once,
you know what that does?
It makes you lose twice as fast.
What the set of facts?
Oh, absolutely.
I mean, right.
Anyway, it says, I hope and pray you have an outstanding
Woodbind Wednesday and have a great Valentine's.
They thank you, Sam.
I pray for you.
I pray to my grandfather, AB Solomon.
You know, he can pray to Abraham,
or he can pray to Solomon,
but what's much easier to pray to,
AB Solomon, or Muzzy Solomon,
my uncle who's been dead for many years, the bookie.
If you're going to go to the track,
might as well pray to a bookie, right?
Right.
And speaking of that,
any cake coming up for the Mad Dog of 2.
The biggest name of the best talent
for this is Neo Rogers,
4.20560,
for you, A.M.
Neo.
Neo.
Yeah.
Neo.
You're going to cheesecake.
Smaking the niche.
All of the old folks out there the mile.
The check in the CDs.
No, they never say please.
Just waiting for the early birds,
special to come.
Wasting, waking, and good old happy.
Searching for the false teeth
they left in a glass.
And how they're reclaimed that there's a tall host
to play,
nothing known.
Is there on their phone?
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I see
And how many say that it's a ball of truth?
Is it day or a foot for sun?
And why in the blues?
Your folks don't know the reason, but nothing is freezing.
The muscles ache and the teeth just don't fit.
And what doesn't matter when they call up Neil and Shadow?
I hate you Neil and never listen to your show.
But wasting away again and going on a holiday.
Just the thoughts of that unusual and a radio.
Huh?
And how they'll explain that it's a dark horse to play.
That's it?
Let me know.
They can't wait for the show.
And how they'll explain that it's a dark horse to play.
Huh?
Let me know.
They just can't wait for the show.
You know that phone ring sounds like a bird's chirping in the background.
But I did a phone ring in that studio, whether you recorded that.
Frank Exelcato and that crowd from back in the INZ days.
Those are the days, man.
Those are the precursors of those days.
That was the precursor of the IOD days.
And that was the precursor to this.
Speaking of that, getting old.
And that 31st anniversary coming up on the year in this town.
So I just get an email on my blackberry here.
Remember I told you my friends from high school came not to park by the way.
I don't think I'd want to see Jim Park now.
Naked or clothe the way.
Anyway, this is my friend Dave, who came up with his lady friend, Jenny,
when in the last summer.
I took him to Ruth Chris and we had a great meal and a great time.
We just had a lot of laughs.
He sends me an email saying,
I seem to recall that you mentioned that Alan Block was a friend of yours in high school.
I see from his mother's obituary, he's living in Florida.
Hope all is well with you.
So this is what we hear.
So sorry to hear that.
I don't know if Alan is still listening.
Alan actually called on the air a couple of years ago.
Maybe it's not a couple of years ago.
Alan Block.
I went to school with him.
Good guy.
Sorry, Alan.
And his mother's name was Bee, Beatrice, Feed Block, Chipothe old block.
So this is the kind of news you get when you get to being old.
I don't want to get anybody depressed like that.
But the guy who called me before, I'm telling you right now.
And this is the message.
I gave it that do-no-harm thing for years.
In fact, it wasn't that what Jacob was giving that business about do-no-harm.
Remember that?
Uh-huh.
Yeah, he shouldn't do any harm to me.
I'll tell you that.
Damn, you put me over the edge of my balcony.
Nice going, Jacob.
Do-no-harm my ass.
Okay, you idiot.
You lunatic.
You do fair.
I think he's vanished by the way.
Which would be good.
I hope he's out on that rock in the middle of the desert in Vegas again.
The rock squatter.
Mm-hmm.
But that's the one thing.
Do-no.
And the other thing is enjoy life.
That's all I can tell you.
Have a good time.
Because that's as much as you're going to do.
I mean, all this other stuff.
I mean, if you're going to bat your head against the wall.
Oh, gee, what are we going to do about all these religious crazy people and all these people killing each other?
I'll tell you what you're going to do about it.
Nothing.
That's what you're going to do about it.
Now, that isn't to like, you know, say don't be an activist.
Don't get involved politically or stuff like that.
I'm not discouraging that.
I respect people that, you know, want to waste.
I mean, want to give their time.
You know what I'm saying?
Yes, I do.
Batten your head up against the wall.
Just like the article by Doug Thompson that I just read.
A right on target, man.
They're all there, not because they're a bunch of wonderful humanists and wonderful giving people.
They're there because they're mostly a bunch of crooks.
Right.
They're there because they got their hand in the cookie jar, baby.
And they're squeezing and grabbing every dancing they can.
That's what it's all about.
1237 votes on the poll, boy, yeah.
Of course, what a really a heave down this.
Would you heave on it?
I should be this.
I don't want to get that one guy very upset because if I do one more, he'll get really peeled.
QAM, hello.
QAM.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Call it about both bridges and rivers.
Yeah.
Oh, boy.
Oh, I have it.
Are we left?
Only in South Florida, man.
I'm telling you.
Anybody visiting, you know, any of your snowbirds on Valentine's Day, I apologize for the, not
not for the show or for anything I'm doing.
I apologize for the people of South Florida.
There are, you know, about 80 percent.
We don't look like that dodo birds.
There's some nice people down there, but a lot of dodo birds.
I think I tend to say right to the edge today.
In other words, I may be able to squeak through this last rate.
Maybe not.
Jonathan Landay from a classy newspaper is joint chiefs, chairmen, sees no evidence of meddling by Iran's regime.
This is an important story.
I mean, not as important as Anne Nicole's body is rotting and stuff like that.
I don't think I'm going to be able to get through the whole thing.
I'll just do it a little bit.
I can't.
I don't even know if I've got time.
Do I have time?
Refast.
Oh.
How's that?
Read it.
A day after the US military charged Iran's government with shipping powerful explosive devices to
Shiite Muslim fighters interact to use against American troops, the chairmen of the joint chiefs
of staff said Monday that he hasn't seen any intelligence to support the claim.
Marine General Peter Pace's comment could make it harder for the Bush administration
its credibility about a ran question because of its false pre-work claims about Saddam Hussein
to make its case that Iranian meddling in Iraq is fueling sectarian violence and causing
US casualties.
At a briefing Sunday in Baghdad, US military officials said the Al-Quds Force and elite
Iranian parliamentary organization is sending arms into Iraq that include bombs that shoot
molten metal jets through the armor of American tanks and humbies.
They said these explosively formed projectiles or EFPs have killed 170 US troops and wounded
more than 600 others and are coming from the highest level of the Iranian government.
Asked about the briefing during a visit Monday to Canberra, Australia, Pace said he couldn't
substantiate the search net the clerical regime into Iran, assuring such devices to Shiite
militias in Iraq.
We know that the explosively formed projectiles are manufactured in Iran.
What I would not say is that the Iranian government per se knows about this Pace reply.
It's clear that Iranians are involved and it's clear that materials from Iran are involved,
but I would not say based on what I know that the Iranian government clearly knows or is complicit.
He be saying,
neither the White House nor the Pentagon responded to quite request for an explanation of the
apparent contradiction between the nation's highest ranking military officer and its subordinates
in Baghdad.
A senior US intelligence official told McFatty newspapers that US intelligence agencies
blaed the Al-Quds Force a component of the Iranian revolutionary guards corps couldn't
conduct such a major undertaking without the knowledge of top leaders.
Based on our understanding of the Iranian system and the history of the Iranian Revolutionary
Guard Corps operations, the intelligence community assesses that activity is extensive on the
part of the Quds Force would not be conducted without approval from top leaders in Iran,
the senior intelligence official said, who requested anonymity by the way because he vaders his life.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmedina Jad, who I love saying is named the night Monday,
that Iran is supplying weapons to Shiite militias in Iraq or stirring up violence by majority
Shiites against minority Sunnis, contending that the US military presence is the blame for the bloodshed.
The bloodshed, baby.
Ah!
Ah!
That article I read about the impeachment point, that was outstanding.
Remember that 100 years ago today?
Yeah.
The 8 million reasons why Bush ought to be impeached now and all of his cohorts, his partners in crime,
1242 votes on the pull by the way, not too bad.
The biggest name, so best talent, is the business, neo-Rodgers, Force Radio 560, UAM.
It's day-out!
If I am the town, at 560 WQA.
You and I went to the bar, we drank some whiskey from the jar,
we got drunk all over town, then I asked you to go down, you go up dead,
like a master but soon there, was disaster, the butcher went down easy,
now you're saying you're queasy, it felt good just like it should, but then it's done,
cause you were drunk, you spilled your guts, you can have my nights.
This drunk in horror is really wack, I look down to see her last night, can't come right back.
Pugin on my sack.
I thought I could get a decent homer, but dinner on my boner is a bummer.
I think at this point, maybe it was gonna stay.
Oh man.
I don't know where that came from.
Where what came from?
That bit!
What do you mean you don't know where it came from?
It came from the DCS, where it's always been.
I see.
And the best part of it is I go in the other room, in the tea room, to do a little leaky,
and I come back and I'm listening to this, and I thought we played it all the time.
I don't know anymore, we're not, we had it long delay thing, so I'm sure we all dumped it, didn't we?
Oh yeah, well no.
I did.
No, trust me we did.
Anyway, here's the final poll result.
Oh man.
Woo!
Exactly, that was not good.
I know we have played it, but I guess that was back before all of this, Hazarai came to.
1246 votes, and of course they're only really, well they're three of contenders before.
Barack Obama, who, which Democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008?
Barack Obama 361, Al Gore 323, 38 vote lead for Barack, he's the man.
Hillary 132 and John Edwards 108.
I'll tell you between Hillary and John Edwards, they've got the personality of a dead frog.
In fact, even if it ended to cool, at this stage, Rodding and Decomposing has got 10 times their personality combined.
Just cool.
Hello, how are you?
Well I see you have been testing the problem.
Why man?
Because the authority.
420560, do the QAN.
Miami, towards Marginal.
Shaving your ****.
Oh, who's this reduced odor?
Make.
