Sometimes I feel, and why this has to be by.
Sometimes I feel, that people don't want to smile.
And I turn on my radio.
Next we smile like a child.
And I turn on my radio.
New, that's just on my radio.
New, that's just on my radio.
New, that's just on my radio.
New, that's just on my radio.
Oh!
Are you obsessed with sports?
Hearing for ball teams from colleges you've never been to?
But looking at a special drawing men called CODE?
They coach!
Unables to form your own opinions or your resort to calling a sport-hole radio show for their take.
But you need something to do in the plane games, don't you?
Or you're being forced to spin?
Well take this sport-hole, Jack Strap Gun!
Strap Gun!
Strap Gun!
Strap Gun!
Strap Gun!
Surround yourself with sports inside and out, with the satisfying taste of growing juice.
Jack Strap Gun is individually wrapped sticks of yellow gum, assorted into flavor of your favorite athlete.
So embrace the dumbness and enjoy the long-lasting flavor of congealed sweat.
Strap Gun!
Strap Gun!
Strap Gun!
Fah!
It's a 10 or 205, 60.
We got a full four hours today and it's not even with my Wednesday anymore, because I went yesterday to ask me how I did.
How'd you do?
Don't ask.
Okay.
And then I'm going to Marlon because we got... how do you like that clearance? What a slime ball.
He brings in the revised schedule because he screwed it up and he says,
Oh, well I just wanted to give you a better news.
We knew weeks ago the Marlon game tomorrow is at noon.
Somebody better... go see the Marlon's in the Dodgers.
They pulled out a victory last night. You were floored to Marlon's. Any interest?
No.
But anyway, the game tomorrow is at noon. There should be nobody there. Pregame is at 11.30.
So we're going out here at 11.30 tomorrow morning.
Okay.
The day's work is that.
Although, you know, I reckon this schedule, like for example Monday, the Humper was on 5 to 6.30.
Last night was on 5 to 6.30, although he does that power hour with the Mad Dog, so that's 2.5 hours. That's kind of a tough assignment.
Especially when you can't breathe, you know.
But at any rate, let's take a look at that schedule for a day and another on that.
Don't be picking on the Humper anyway. You're going to destroy my relationship with my good friend Hank.
No, I seriously, I wish he would like... but you can't...
Yeah, I'm going to go through that again. You know what I know it?
You just can't do it.
We're trying desperately to get some assistance.
Anyway, Mad Dog is 2 this afternoon. Power hour with Mad Dog in the Humper at 4.
We've got a long queue.
A long oxygen.
Hank Goldberg solo 5 to 6.30.
Marlon's on 6.30 tonight and then at the 705. It's your Marlon's in the Dodgers.
Boy, 4 games series, Chris. Pretty exciting.
And then Game Night with Eddie Kay follows the Marlon game tonight.
1366 MySpace Friends, I mentioned. I didn't play this either as a matter of fact.
And if you had a phony profile and don't have any picture of yourself and you have no friends, don't know waste your time.
I'm just blowing your ass away.
Speaking of that, Walmart sells gay porn filled Zoom to little girl. Oh no.
Chanel Martin.
Why do you think it's so funny? I think this is a grotesque and disgusting and most of the music.
Most people would pay extra for that. That's correct.
Chanel Martin bought her 12 year old daughter a Zoom from Walmart and it was preloaded with gay porn.
For their part, Walmart blamed Microsoft to give the family a full refund and a $25 gift certificate.
That awfully wide to them.
And the story here says at least now we know that porn is cross-platform compatible.
Which is really a real funny.
So there you go. She got a Zoom and it's playing a different tune as the guys were showing their...
Correct.
Don't you sometimes call the moon. But nevertheless, there's some cute stories. Who sent these in?
Anybody we know? And I guess there's some of the...
A variety of people.
Thank you very much, group balls. Robert, group balls.
All the group balls all the time.
What do you mean I'm not going to die? This says. I like this story.
A British man who went on a wild spending spree after Dr. Ceddy only had a...
You know, this could be me when he came right down to him.
A British man who went on a wild spending spree after Dr. Ceddy only had a short time to live once.
Confensation because the diagnosis was wrong and now he's healthy but broke.
Well, look on the bright side like Marty Python would say. At least he's not going to croak. He's broke but ain't going to croak.
What would you rather have?
Well, in your case. Yeah.
John Bradbrook.
62.
62 was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer two years ago. Totally probably died within a year.
This is two years ago of the diagnosis.
Equipped his job, sold a gang away nearly all his possessions, stopped paying his mortgage and spent his savings dining out and going on holiday.
Oh, those brits going on holiday. Traveling, going on holiday, my ass.
A brandrick was left with a little more than a black suit, white shirt and a red tie they planned to be buried in.
When it came to fight out a year later his suspected tumor was no more than a non-life threatening inflammation of the pancreas.
It's just a little numb, you know. I can relate to that little numb.
Yeah. When they tell you that limited time and everything you do enjoy life, brandrick.
From Cornwall and the West of England told Sky TV, that's Rupert Murdoch.
The anxious Rupert Murdoch Sky TV, he's got finger in everything, Rupert Murdoch.
Probably there too.
I'm really pleased that I've got a second chance in life, he said, but if you haven't got no money after all this, he said, if you haven't got no money, well he's illiterate.
Which is my fault, I spent it all, they should pay something back.
If he can't keep compensating, he's considering selling his house or suing the hospital.
I wouldn't be considered suing them. If that was in America, there'd already be 15 lawyers in there battling and fighting and pushing and screaming and squeezing and pleasing.
The hospital said that while it sympathizes with brandrick, a review of his case showed no different diagnosis would have been made.
In other words, they'd have been just as incompetent no matter what the circumcises would have been. They don't their, they're, are from their elbow.
Speaking of England, your good friend, the mic from FSU, finally got back to me last night, sent me a nice email.
He's over there in London, he loves England, he loves the, uh, whole European thing and he said the women are pretty nasty looking but other than that.
And of course it's now, let's see, there are five hours ahead so it's 308 in the afternoon, he might even be listening online right now.
But I sure doubt it, I'm sure he's got better things to do than we're listening to the legendary, oh speaking of legendary, I got it buried in my, I've got a huge pile today.
Just might not be taking too many calls today. But, um, Rick Shaw, we've got two more shows to go I guess.
Okay, you might write about that. And was he on in the morning?
Yeah, okay. What do you mean is he on in the morning?
I just discovered that I was flipping stations this morning and I thought I heard him.
I don't listen to magic with all the research.
He's been on the morning for a hundred years on magic and I haven't listened to him much.
I've been on it for a hundred years.
Why not? It's for old people.
Music, music, music, music.
I like all that music but I've heard it, you understand.
It's for old people, here we go again. You know, this November the 5th and I'm going to be expecting a tumultuous outpouring of emotion on my birthday if I lived that long.
And if I can endure a jolly fat joe bell that long.
But November 5th, I want to see an outpouring. It's going to be my 65th birthday.
I mean, you talk about old.
Wow. And you know what that means though? Just seeing you discount.
You're fat.
Right? Am I right?
That's right.
I can even start collecting social security but I'm not really sure how that works.
If you have an income and are making a couple of bucks which you know me, I'm squeezing it. I'm eating it out of modest income.
Can you collect it or how does that work?
I don't know.
Oh.
Well, why not?
I'm not old.
I got my benefits, man.
That'll put me in my time for a long time. I've been working my two, three hours a week for years now.
In South Dakota, the state's motor vehicle agency has changed course on its planned recall of a set of personalized license plates encouraging the impeachment of President George W. Bush.
After reviewing case law on this issue, we've determined that the plate will not be recalled. Paul Kinzman, secretary of the South Dakota Department of Revenue and Regulations had news released on Monday.
The plates which read in peach W. were issued to head the Marigere of Rapid City, South Dakota.
You know, head the Marigere?
What if that's, I guess it sounds like a woman?
Marigere, Perry?
But I think it might be a guy.
I think I've seen Heather.
Oh, he's a little joker.
I kind of funny looking.
At any rate, Hilmer said the plates never would have been issued if DMV vehicles had the caught their meaning as the time Marigere applied.
That's dead Hilmer.
She skipped a sentence so it didn't make any sense.
She's the division of the motor vehicle director told the Rapid City Journal last week the law gives the state authority to recall the plates even if just one person complains.
Well, too bad. Marigere received a letter from the DMV in April announcing the recall and giving her 10 days to turn in the plates at the Pendington County Transures office or the DMV in office in Pierre, South Dakota.
Pierre, Parti Boeferrance.
The letter said the DMV would assure refound on the months remaining on Marigere's license, Le Plum de Matante, etc.
But Marigere said she was hesitant to give up the place because she believed her free speech rights were being honest and limited.
And they changed course and they said, go ahead.
Have a good time.
Impete the son of a bitch.
Impete that murdering vast star, though, that'll do to take that doofus, that dumbbell.
Well, I got another dark Thompson one of my probably too.
Excellent.
He's pissed off.
He says, mad man, I'm going for the doom.
Either way, George W. Bush's nuts.
I'll get to it.
Either way, George W. Bush's nuts, which I would say.
Absolutely correct sir.
And then Barack Obama made a gaff.
He was tired and whatever and made his speech about the hurricane and the tornado in Kansas.
That's it.
It's all over for him.
Those are going to nitpick every time he farts.
If it's not exactly the right flavor, you'll see.
This is what the establishment wants.
They're going to like, but he'll be all right.
He will overcome.
Trust me when I tell you.
Did I have the pull result from where we got two pulls yesterday and the good news?
See, I told you this would work.
The good news.
As we start today with 1209 votes.
Now if we can't top our 1600 from whatever day that was weaker to go.
Remember Chris, when you were like foaming at the mouth?
Oh yeah.
Speaking of foamy, by the way, I hate to say this, but I think I had a dream about it.
About your life foamy?
Yeah.
And because it's not right.
I was starting to say something from the dream and it's definitely not true.
I used your life foamy.
What am I talking about?
I used the edge, right?
So what am I talking about?
I dreamed it.
Oh, is this the beginning of on-air humility?
That's good.
Tell everybody.
Seriously, it was a dream.
It wasn't in reality.
I don't use your life foamy.
It's for old people.
I mean, much older than me, like 9,125.
Right?
Right.
Foamy my ass.
I bet it.
So anyway, 1,000 votes on the first poll yesterday.
Well, we don't have time for when we come back with all the polling stuff.
And Charlie B.
Your tell me is writing a lot of inane.
Did you see that you never sent me?
Just a ass-sucking kind of stuff that you don't want to read.
Stop it, Charlie.
Put that tongue away, Charlie.
My God, people are starting to talk.
It's got just got only nosewoods on it.
You, all kinds of cultures and stuff growing on that thing.
Get a little cul-
You're on it.
Oh, what a thought that is.
Ooh.
Unclean, man.
Unclean.
Nothing more.
The worst talk radio I've ever heard in my life is on W.O.D.
If you ain't got no money, then you'll cut that whole cheek.
Hey, hey, S.O.D.
I, hey, yeah, she, hey, S.O.D.
I, hey, yeah, gotta get gas.
Open my bag, hook it up to the table.
Price is too high.
I'll give up to the table.
To fill the table by your feet.
Ooh, it's price, price, feel, again.
Look at me, look at me, look at me, look at me, look at me.
Ooh, it's price, price, price, feel, again.
Can a four-tack or well, that's because I'm broke, it's hair.
No cash, that's from real.
So my car's gonna be for sale.
Walk to the show, walk to the ground, just try to hit your mouth.
I'll hand you the woman reminiscing, I can't afford my must-stay.
And now I'm no car.
Must-a-
I got my car.
I couldn't pay.
Not living love, I'm living my life.
Rain and bedding for change.
All together.
Ooh, it's price, price, feel, again.
Look at me, look at me, look at me, look at me, look at me, look at me.
Ooh, it's price, price, feel, again.
Mustangs are for little punks.
You know, I used to go through this all the time.
I don't know why I don't anymore.
That's because I don't drive anymore.
You know what I'm down there, yeah.
But mustangs are for punks who can't afford a Corvette.
So you said, there's nothing more enjoyable than me in one of my vets sitting in the stoplight.
And some jerk, some punk, some 18-9-year-old punk, all depending on what he looks like.
So, you know, being next to me there on the front of the line, waiting, waiting to...
Yeah, yeah, I'm talking about that.
And you leave them in the dust.
Leave them in the dust with a big mustang GT.
That's okay, I understand.
Not everybody can be a real person, some people.
And when it's a 40-year-old guy grabbing a mustang, then you know you really got to lose her on your hand.
I don't want to knock you old guys that are driving mustangs.
Jesus Christ.
Man tossing the garbage truck and George says this is the 23rd copy of this story that people's infxing people.
No, not that people, that person.
Remember I said this is the same person.
It was all black and illiterate.
We finally got one and actually printed out.
I'm so important.
This is third copy today.
They just can make it lighter and lighter.
Well, I never seen this story.
So let me read it here.
It's West Palm Beach.
It's from the Must Be The Sun Sentinel, I will assume.
Isn't it?
I don't know, it's the Palm Beach Post.
Well, who cares about them?
Much a goyam.
Man tossed in garbage truck.
Trapped in the back of a city garbage truck in West Palm Beach.
Robert?
See, this is also a bad copy.
I can't read what his name is.
Barwell.
Robert Barwell screamed each time a load of trash was crushed against his body.
This is so reminiscent of once upon a time in America, the closing scene, you know, where James Woods.
We don't see him in there, but you know he's in there in the garbage truck.
Because you can see the zits flying out the back.
He's a zid head.
James Woods.
Am I right?
Yes, closing scene you're right.
That's a great movie.
If you've got 56, 60 hours some day to watch, take a whole weekend and watch it.
Maybe some boredom coke or some reds, you know, something to stay awake.
The 44-year-old homeless man, oh, a homeless man was compromised.
What does that say?
Compressed.
See, this is their horrible copy.
What?
He was compressed.
He was compressed against hamburger leftovers and dead rats six times and seven.
Oh, dead rats.
Or less they weren't alive.
His legs broke.
Oh, that's funny.
His legs broke in his rib crack.
He tried to cushion a blow with a dead opossum, but it splited against him.
Oh, I hate what happens.
Barwell couldn't move each time thinking, one move and I'll die.
He was thinking, I'm dying over here.
I screamed one last breath.
Barwell said, the trash collector happened to be tossing in one more box, looked down,
and saw him, I screamed, please help me, sir.
Don't get back in the truck.
Said Barwell, tears welling up in his eyes as he told his story on Monday.
This is a sad story.
He's a homeless guy.
Well, it's a place to hang out, I guess, but probably not a really good place.
The trash collector called for help at five o'clock Monday morning, West Palm Beach Firefighter
spent almost a half hour pulling pieces of trash out by hand to free Barwell.
It doesn't say anything about the opossum or the rats.
When he was lifted out on a stretcher, covered in maggots, oh, geez.
Why did you send me this?
I didn't get it.
She thanked his grandmother.
He said, Dina, as well as if I can't read this.
This is a horrible copy.
This is the best one we got.
Died in his Georgia home town, January 16th of the age of 94.
That wasn't bad enough that the grandma died.
She said, Tim, or I can't read it.
I'm going to be your guardian angel.
I knew Granny was here trying to keep that machine from squeezing me to death.
Maybe it was a good machine.
I sure didn't find one.
And for that idiot that called yesterday, oh, what's a machine it would buy?
I don't know.
I haven't found a good one.
A former truck mechanic from Georgia, baswell, went to sleep something that had an
brushed-filled trash bin on an empty lot in the 19th of the block with North Dixie highway in West Palm Beach.
It was raining so bad I had to get out of the rain, he said.
He was jolped at a wake when the garbage truck moved the trash bin.
When he tried to get out, I'm trying to jump out and boom, I fall into the garbage truck, baswell said.
I said, the screaming, help, please, anybody help me, help me.
Help me!
That's it.
There we are.
Baswell has already survived the tough life.
He has brushy hair, bushy hair.
Bushy hair, an overgrown beard and missing teeth.
He said he has liver cancer.
Well, let me ask you, what would have been better to get crushed to death in the dumpster
and the garbage truck real quick or to go through the whole liver cancer deal?
I don't know.
Maybe it was the choice of way of putting him out of his pain.
Can I have both?
He grew up in Georgia, did prison time for assaults and worked as a truck mechanic in Atlanta for 13 years.
I don't want to read this whole thing, nobody really cares about him.
No, but it was the same.
He moved to the whole Palm Beach County after his grandma died in January.
It was their favorite place, West Palm.
Well, that's saying a lot.
He cleaned up a comfortable spumpy behind the wall green's drugstore on federal highway in Boynton Beach and live there.
Behind wall greens, at least you knew where to get some good drugs.
But police picked him up Saturday and he should have noticed to appear in court for soliciting money from customers.
So Vazwell made his way to West Palm.
Oh, wait a minute, what was it?
Oh, it doesn't say where in Palm Beach County.
I don't understand.
This is a very kind.
It's a bad, bad story.
Oh, Boynton Beach, he was in Boynton Beach.
Well, so he made his way to West Palm.
His last meal was two pieces of bread from a trash can on Okitobi Boulevard.
Then he settled down for the night and the trash went over and I worked at J&O West Palm.
I used to often eat from trash cans on Okitobi Boulevard.
I used to live on Forest Hill Boulevard in West Palm Beach, a little bit of trivia for you.
The trash collected, I'm sure nobody cares, and either do one, now that you come right down to it.
But it killed about five seconds.
The trash collected, told Vazwell he was amazed to discover he had survived this whole deal.
I want to find a gentleman, meaning the fire rescue guy, and have him buy my lottery tickets because he's one lucky dude, Kaplanson.
Well, what is that? It's a story that's needed to make any sense.
Oh, I see, because the guy's lucky.
There was something, anybody that would fact that there was a bunch of times he needs to be put in the dumpster and the crap.
Or the whole ink carton, it was not paper.
It wasn't worth my even paying any attention to it, except that you felt so guilty because the guy would fact that I'm not hoping that he'll stop.
Now, he read it, you can stop now.
Yeah, I read it, so stop. Stop bugging us and stop wasting our facts paper.
You idiot, you QIN, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Quick story about turning 40.
Yeah.
That happened to me and I was none too pleased about it.
But I started talking to people and they were saying, oh, no, you have your life in front of you.
40 is the new 20, it's the new 6.
You're like a baby.
Yeah, sure.
You can help.
And then I finally talked to my dad and he says, you know, thinking about turning 40 is, you say, oh, why?
You're still pretty healthy, but the chest isn't the same.
And I found his analysis to be much more.
It isn't the same as what?
What's the difference?
It's going to be 40 is when you were 39.
See, that's not true.
Now, you're just doing the thing on yourself.
That's all.
40 is a spring chicken, man.
I'm telling you.
No, who it is, I can't take it.
Okay, well, I'm going to be 65 and remember, you want to trade?
You want to trade?
No.
Huh?
It only gets worse.
You want to trade, sir?
I'll take this 40 and you can have the 65.
Okay, and then you can jump.
You can go in the trash.
Put the gun in your mouth so you don't miss.
That's right.
I'm 40 already.
Boy, I feel so bad for you, man.
And you know something, I don't feel like different now.
I did 15 years ago.
Maybe 20 years ago.
I mean, that sounds just like me, and I look not so good, but that's me.
You know what I'm saying?
What do you say?
Maybe 65 is a...
So maybe 65 is a new 25.
What do you think?
Not.
Let's see, we got 1238 votes on our poll from...
Or at least four George didn't have to change the poll of five.
Remember that?
Well, now I see it.
It was very narrow.
Actually, what I did in force, so we have a zillion votes on it today, because now that we got this small new audience...
Act the candidate you do, bastard!
You messed up American Idol with vote for the worst.com.
Now, mess up the presidential election with vote for the worst candidate.com.
Dennis Kassinich is a sand giant, the Democratic Party.
So I'm voting for him.
Vote for the worst candidate.com rules.
Sick of political parties, rigging presidential elections.
Now, you can rig them yourself.
Add vote for the worst candidate.com.
Who the heck is Duncan Hunter?
He'll be the Republican nominee, because I'm voting for the worst candidate.
People all over the nation, and from every political party, are logging on to...
Vote for the worst candidate.com.
I'll visit all the time.
Vote Hillary and vote off, and that's a lot of say.
But don't tell her I said that, okay?
Do your part to disrupt democracy.
Vote for the worst candidate.com.
Okay, I say amen to that.
That bitch, 1031 and 560.
I guess what we know that Mad Dog is back as the enlist of the...
Of Raffing Games.
Yes!
It's the same as that guy that sent that stupid thanks to him just right 400 times.
Let me...
That stupid girl is fact-same.
Nonsense from the paper that we can't read now over and over again.
Apparently it's funny.
Really?
Yeah.
I'm not talking about the facts machine apparently.
Idiot.
Totally idiot.
It's funny, don't you hear?
Yeah!
Anyway, here's the result from yesterday's first poll, we had a thousand votes.
I got the story in my pile here.
Manage is back on the Dolphin Games, and...
And the clerics come to this morning to advise me of that.
Not to apologize for screwing up the schedule and having a change to get the right time in the volume,
because he's...
A simple thing.
A quizzling.
Didn't somebody say that I used that word wrong all the time, quizzling?
Let's Google it and see what it really means.
Okay.
What do you think your quizzling is?
Quizzling was a Nazi sympathizer.
So it's a suckhole, a traitor.
Somebody who goes along with what topic.
There you go.
That sounded good to me.
Okay.
I'm thinking parents right now is a matter of fact.
Yes!
Anyway, we had a thousand votes in the first poll.
We know Mad Dog's back on the game.
Was there any doubt when we got the Dolphin Games back that he was going to be on air?
Of course not.
Jesus got almighty and he said in the article, I'll look at you in a minute. It's in my pile.
The guy with a Miami palm tree who doesn't have a name.
All these people sent me stories that, yeah, I don't mind you sending me stories,
but send me something and maybe I didn't discover.
We didn't see like that thing about the gay porn there on the MP3.
Whatever that was.
That was good stuff.
That was good stuff.
Wow, what do you mean it was good stuff?
Did you see it?
No.
I'm the zoomed.
No, the story.
Can you play a tune in your sound?
How could it be good?
Thousand votes be honest are you an online music pirate?
I hated that poll.
That's why I got rid of it as soon as we got to a thousand.
I can't believe we got to a thousand on that thing.
What a turkey that was.
Man, stuff it.
Stuff it and pop it in the oven.
Never was a music pirate 477.
Yes, but who wasn't 151?
I'm going to go in the other room and listen to my iPod now.
I'm going to listen to come on little angels about a real month.
And nice potato time with D.D. sharp cheese.
Not anymore, 130.
I guess they must have got a scared stealing that music.
Not no mole.
I don't believe it.
Boy, that was fast.
I love this.
It keeps that brain.
It's good.
He's dying on a line.
This is advanced the mashed potato.
Back in the 60s between the twist and mashed potato and the holly gully and all this crap.
Anyway, are you an online music pirate?
Yes, but I see it is getting back at the greedy recording industry.
It's artist 73.
That is the biggest pile of smegma I've ever read in my life.
I always painted download music 69.
Yes, and I don't care if it does threaten the future of the music in this V58.
Yes, but I feel sort of givily doing it 32.
And I prefer to steal music.
The five finger discount way.
What's that?
Only 10.
Shoplifters.
Why can't you just say I prefer to shoplifters.
Five fingers my ass.
Not a days poll.
You don't have to comment on that.
I'm always giving you those big openings.
I know.
I was away from the good.
Thank God.
1246 votes.
I'm the owner of an overactive blank.
Sex drive 286.
Amen to that.
Boy, there was some hot.
I said I couldn't find a hot machine a wood by me.
Yes, but boy, there was some hot people there.
Whoa.
When you're always talking about only old people go to play the slots menu.
Are dreaming.
Wow.
Oh.
Sex drive 286.
I was weak at it.
It's a good thing I was sitting down in the chair because if I were to stood up
and I'd be buckling at the knees.
Sex drive 287.
Craving for food 185.
Nothing overactive with me 179.
179 of you people think that you're normal and you have got no, yeah.
We don't believe it.
I had a Snickers Bargain study by the way.
The new ones with the almonds and the peanuts.
They're going to die up there.
Hey, I'm the...
I'm not doing so bad.
So I cheated twice a little bit.
I've had no ice cream since last Thursday.
I said good.
I'm not doing so bad.
188 on the scale again.
Didn't gain anything.
I should have lost actually being a woodbind Tuesday.
But tomorrow I'll make up for it.
I'll lose plenty.
What's your own weight?
Ultimate fantasy weight.
Gold.
160.
All right.
That's only 27 pounds.
That's not bad.
I could do that this year.
How could I do that?
Atkinson's.
You know, it's really funny for a guy to use to knock poor doctor Bob.
Not that he's dead all of a sudden.
First of all, let's get it right.
I knocked him because he was a whole.
Not the diet.
The diet worked.
Yeah.
Where that goes in front of that lot.
Glass.
Ash.
Yes.
Ash.
Huh?
Forward.
All of it.
Farthmaker.
Overactive farthmaker.
146.
Well, I hope Joyce don't catch one of your problems.
And I do mean that literally, man.
I think we all ought to go to Naples and Farth and her face simultaneously.
How about a simultaneous ass-pasm right in her face?
Everybody cut a big nasty blaster right in her puts.
Oh, God.
You know, enough gas that you can actually see it like in batwood.
Like a green cloud.
That's right.
Imagination 111.
Blaster.
And if some of you, you know, if it turns out to be mistaken, so a little more serious than what you thought it was going to be.
Well, good.
If you got good aim, that's just as good as even better.
Overactive bladder 108.
Swecklands 51.
What were you so worried about my discussing the Queen's bomb movements yesterday?
Were you psychotic about that?
Bowls 50.
You want to go there.
No, who the hell would?
Bowls 50 overactive Bowls.
Metal disorder 32, nervous system 28, impulsive to call radio talk shows with nothing to say.
Blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu-blu, like that.
You know what I mean?
Yes!
25.
Parahoid 23.
Thirst 15.
Hypochonrius 6.
and thyroid which didn't get any during the entire show finally got five we got
twelve fifty seven well there's that the idiot John Edwards that drooling
yehu man who couldn't win a fixed election his hometown for dog catcher
new Iraq funding river that includes time table for withdrawal they just have a
new CNN opinion research full fifty seven percent of mercas is yes we
favor that new bill and forty one percent against now who that was this
idiot that they got on there well this is Maliki the
you know the
they're gonna take up a once off over there for vacation they want to go swimming
and you know deep sea diving stuff like that
suicide bombing some of the stuff fun stuff you do in the summertime in the
summer time boy I hate that song wow mongo jury thank god he never made
another one I don't think wow he is bad was mongoose he did
I don't know w.w.y.m. hello
I've been here yes sir yeah I just wanted to tell you how to lose twenty six
pounds you know I I quit eating late and I gave myself the opportunity to do at
least 30 minutes of cardio by myself little treadmill lost twenty six pounds
and six and a half weeks I got an exercise bike and a treadmill in Florida
on as matter of fact even though I don't have them here we do have on the
second floor my building we got a beautiful pool and the exercise room and bike
and a whole deal I know you know I would just say at one time if the absolute
truth you know it's not a matter of which you eat or not it's a it's a change
of lifestyle yeah you really have to you know dig down and reach deep and then
do what you got to reach deep well that's not all of me wouldn't be the first
time I'll take it out thanks thanks pal I keep it up well there's a guy see he
cares about me I like that when somebody actually cares about me is a listen
old old newly we want to keep your ass alive we want you want to hear until the
cows come home all look at that the cows are over there right now see it
they'll cause just to father way back home just in time sec leader Yahweh
Ben Yahweh is dead he was seventy one you know when you get to be a little
advanced in age you start looking like if you look at the I never read obituaries
at least very seldom but like if you see them you know if you're turning the
page there's no but you're you start looking at the age of the people who died
like you know ninety six or eighty nine that's not so bad and then see this guy
seventy one he founded a Liberty City Temple that transformed the name
who was a hot that of murder and terror in the eighties now he's dead he
called himself the black Messiah federal prosecutors in fact that I don't have
that this anymore it's in the uh... it's ready to go to you I'm gonna
good FedEx that to the staff and so I can't play the opening to that great
song we were enjoying yesterday so much
mm-hmm
federal prosecutors at a label of their own for Yahweh Ben Yahweh the most
notorious criminal in South Florida had a killer cult
Yahweh Ben Yahweh the Mimea sec leader who's black supremacist as T.T.E.S. drew his
followers into a web of racism murder a terror and mayhem in the eighties
died Monday and Mimey seventy one he died of prostate cancer in his sleep
he had preached racial and religious separatism from his fortress like temple
of love in Liberty City was telling his followers that white people were
terrorists and that unbelievers were devils devils like me us
Yahweh was suspected in twenty homicides but convicted only on a single
conspiracy charge he served eleven years of an eighteen year federal prison
sentence at his death lawyers had succeeded in throwing off the final
constraints of the prison system his role term because of his cancer it had
been testicized he got a free man said his lawyer Jane Wine Trab
born Hugh Long Mitchell Jr. in Oklahoma the preacher and activist moved to South
Florida in 1978 and changed his name to Yahweh Ben Yahweh translate his
God son of God son of God no no relation according to a book on Yahweh written
by former herald reporter Sydney Friedberg Yahweh was the oldest child of a
minister he joined the nation of Islam and turned up his Orlando as in
Orlando as brother love well he was brother love and finally found fertile
ground among my miss poor and black brother love wonder if he was kin
to bubble love sponge charming and well spoken the open to temple 81 is racial
tension simmered from ryansea earlier they've been triggered by police
beating death of a black motorcycleist that was a McDuffee what was his first
name Arthur McDuffee very good what I remember was like yesterday hey my mind
as sharp as a tack mister I may be old and craggy and maybe my balls are
going to certainly lose for my mind is sharp as a muck a ball and say cheese
hi this is Richie Simmons and since you haven't been sending me money for
anything lately I've developed a big load of new diet merchandise like my
sweating to the oldies video then you'll love my new sweating to the oldies
the odorant when I work out honey I put out a stitch that could strip the
bark off a redwood so don't offend while you're banned get my the over and
get and you like my deal of you then your love I do Richie Simmons dying
a poker game you play deal with your friends and men all their food and I've
got a new life of work out under pants I'll be guaranteed you lose weight
because after listening to Richie Simmons for just 10 minutes you won't be
able to keep anything down I mean he said peel a bark off a redwood I just
played a seat for redwood on my patio only a minute today on my space news who
was the last person you talked to on the phone what is your favorite ice cream
flavor and have you kissed one of your top friends find out today on my space news
my space news watching the next 10 minutes or you will not fall in love for 10
years okay so let me ask you this if I get to 160 pounds what happens then I
mean beside the fight off steel I have a lot longer than I can sign a 20 year
extension what what happens then I don't know I don't either I could do it though
yeah I mean if I lost 99 pounds in a year but then again that was way back
that was 1975 you know you know the thing that really calls me how stupid
people are including me see I want those people that stupid but I'll admit it
most people are stupid like oh I'm smart like Fredo not stupid no I'm stupid to
lose all of that weight and then slowly but sure right maybe not that slowly
that's right that's right getting a lot of money that's slowly but sure
ling was thing it all the way right well there's that storm that idiot that
code is there we got our first hurricane of the season is gonna hit Florida
yeah I'm looking at it right now and who's this fat weather guy they got
I bring back Rob Marciana advisory
God is this guy I have a storm Andrea which is located what a screamer holy and
moldy they must have led weights in her shoes what a floated
they go from a ultima sound Georgia southward the Flagler Beach and flow
and of course the tropical storm wash means that's yeah but to be put it
if they said be the coast for tropical storm conditions in the next 30
yeah they said before they could have been no big thing you know there be some
rain and of course what is Florida need rain so what does everybody bitching
about for crying out loud what a bunch of mouth contents right right gonna get
rain it's gonna rain and windy and stuff you know oh brother that guy was
almost as good as the president of serious
1274 votes on the pool so if we can get to 1300 by the envy I already think we
can do that I don't know I don't close to it what do you think Chris you think
we're gonna yeah we can we go to 17 today we're off we can get 17
of our votes I'm gonna tell you I'm gonna have I'm putting my blackberry
between my knees right now put on a high-grade oh I'm serious you're off I'm
the president serious if we can get 1700 vote although of course we started
with what 1650 there's a method of my madness I'm telling that right now it's
called cheating what's wrong with a little bit of creative cheating huh so we
start with 12 away that's pretty great you ain't cheating you ain't trying
that's right 1275 now I'm telling you I'm smelling you know we can get the
17 number of votes during the show and if we start a pool like at 130 and we
keep it going to a week from Wednesday we can get 5,000 votes on it I mean
not that it means anything it means absolutely nothing especially to the
audience and especially to our management who doesn't care about that all you
know about is when's the game on when's the game on I'm not gonna even dignify
the crap that Tom jikker wrote about oh all the money that we're gonna lose on
the dolphins and how the marlins were such a better idea this station lost
their ass on the marlins and I'm sure we'll do it again this year our last year
of that grotesque contract WQYM hello yeah there's a scene in the godfather when
Michael says to spray it on the hotel room what happened to Moe Green what
happened to Dave game Dave game I think he exploded he turned into he turned
into Jim DeFetus is what happened to Dave game you know who I am yeah I'm
Moe Green I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders well
congratulations to you and by the way it gets a new glasses man you're gonna need
him I love that when he's he puts the glasses on first when he's getting that
massage oh maybe who is that massage parlor although I guess that was the where
was that was that in the old Vegas wasn't it I thought it was a Vegas oh yeah
you know come to that well of course it was in Vegas you don't come to Vegas
and talk to a man like Moe Green like that remember that of course he said
come when the party started and he said don't ever take sides with anyone
against the family ever
he is so good when he wants to be you know at times at times he's
embarrassingly bad and then when he's embarrassingly bad he gets an Academy
award for it oh god there is one really great scene in that movie he gets
up and he's blind and he makes this dramatic speech on behalf of these cadets who
have gotten I forget what they all they did you know including what's the kid
the volcano or what's that kid Chris something or other crystal corners and
then Chris so kind I don't know what his name is Chris O'Donnell that's O'Donnell
well you ought to know you know all the Chris's yeah see you know that's that's
a knock I have to take because one thing that Moe used to say good job by
Chris yeah and he was right five six seven oh five sixty yeah let's get to
the managed thing here okay because otherwise a certain people out there
gonna be a really all band-out of shape especially the ones that like facts
to me like I don't know about this or like clearance coming in there this
clearance thing I do any show prep at all or have any idea what's going on in a
world or in town around the station or in a business or whatever you know I don't
just sit here with my finger deep inside my back no nose and not just well I
mean that too you know I got some I got nine other fingers as it's
expected right buried jackass who's always got at least one finger up and it's
not his as expected WQM's Jim Mandits yesterday agreed to a three-year contract
to return as the dolphins radio analyst sharing a booth of play-by-play voice
Jimmy Cifalus you know I just can't say it I can't say it you know who we
needed to bring back to do the dolphin game to the play-by-play even though
they had to drop him up a fan's beginning to blow the blow the who the
play-by-play selection the body of Rick Weaver or maybe the body of
the clinically dead for a long time hey good morning how's it going Mo that's
what Ginger wants to know Mo the dolphins and new rights holder WQAM initially
talked about the possibility of Joe Rose joining them on the broadcast before
concerns were raised about whether a three-man booth will be too crowded but
the team in station are again considering that idea that's only possible however
if Rosalie of 790 the ticket joined WQM as a talk show host likely in the
morning Susbury no kidding likely in the mornings you mean instead of the
Kenny and Bo show oh no not instead of Kenny and Bo show hmm Rosalie's
contract runs through September 1 and apparently he feels no fresher to make
it a season bury says even though the ticket is given a mid-made deadline to
accept the three-year extension see this is the thing with Joel Feinberg they
can talk a big game about wow who cares who's got the dolphins if you're recall
on the day that we got the announcement of having the dolphins he was having a
nervous breakdown in the in the media oh and the dolphins don't care about our
business and other people's about feelings yeah he was he was carrying on like a
child crying you know and other trying to say well who needs that you know well
listen you can have the marlins in the panthers lose all the money with that they
did a real good job losing money with the dolphins paying them I think five
million across in the first year and he admitted memory was talking about how
much money how much of daddy's money he lost in just a year whatever one hmm
yeah I've been choked up about it uh managed was the dolphins a list for 13
years on QM before the team moved to the ticket two years ago and did a very
unsatisfactory job
diet seven up I'm delighted to be working dolphin games again mad dogs said it's
the most funny having broadcasting he said he'd be fine with the three man both
I've always wanted to work with Joe Rose he said I know they took showers
together and I'm not talking about on the team because they weren't on the team
at the same time were they a Chris no no didn't Joe Rose come later I do believe
so he followed in the footsteps of mad dog a mr. Mandage
sister Mary Mandage hey how are we doing on the pool we getting close to 13
number because I'm gonna make a real push today 12 85 and we got six minutes to
get right up there on 13 number then then there's no stopping us now you know
what song I really want to hear and I don't know if you got it I think you do I've
actually to play it before and it's in one of the spots we played in the
last break and the cruise light spot I think I'm not really sure if that is the
song it but it sounds like love train by the OJs mm-hmm if there's a better song
that's ever been made than love train I love it it's not a great even crystal would
have to miss a great song and he's on a lot of spots too but they use it many spots
get on board I don't have it I'm maybe I do have it but I have to go through my
whole pile here you know and then if I went through the pile I find another one of
these things we can't play like that this buddy good morning or whatever
you call God that was gone go right into a bucket of stuff and you got it you got it baby you don't lose it
sometimes it just falls out spontaneously people don't stop it hey I let it go I love it
this is the best part man this is the best bestest part here I won't argue
well not the best is part the best part is on the good back to the floor I'm gonna put on some white shoes and dance
I'll ride some white box with Pat you know it and there's the bone in the box is on our
knees they look close look at that no thank you you can have my portion and you'll be
saying no it's not bad thing will you know it's not good and it's bad thing but it's bad
here in the hundred thousand
this is a second thing this is a second thing this is right black people music and right people music and every people music people
people of the day people who can hear rap culture people of ears at least one okay
I'm okay 1056 at 560 WQM what are we doing on here we got 1288 that's great because after the break
we're gonna be right hovering on 1300 and then we're we're moving ahead man towards 17 if we
don't get to 1700 you see we're leaving at 1130 tomorrow morning won't that be something I'll
in a half show you know you could get used to that yeah we all could we could get used to that
come in for an hour and a half and then just go on 1130 is a good time to go off for lunch
in fact I'm thinking about it right now for today it is 1056 this is the Neil launcher show
yeah
this is your buddy
any questions on the bloody
fly
oh
oh
oh
I went to
old jesus state and something wasn't right
I just walked on down the street and I took out my flashlight you fairy and I suspected
something funny when I saw spotter's blood then I jumped over the wall and then I don't
hate old stuff don't mean I'm something see her so I looked around some more and I suspected
something funny when I found a buddy's love a buddy
oh
a buddy's love a buddy
next thing we knew oh
j went on a low speed
from the right now he's in an L.A. jail charge for double homicide
I believe it's first degree murder is guilty of it's because
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
speed
dog
dog
I didn't want him to serve him because of my convictions of what he's done to those families.
Jeff Ruby said, well, I wonder if he's going to Jack Ruby.
Oh, man.
If you put Jeff Cohen and Jack Ruby together, they get Jeff Ruby.
Said the telephone and if you are yesterday, the way he continues to torture the lives of
those families with his behavior, attitude and conduct.
And let me say this to you, Jeff.
You are absolutely correct.
Simpson and NFL Hall of Flamer and Heisman Trophy winner was found in a sandwich.
And we know that.
Ruby, who owns restaurants in Cincinnati, Louisville and Belterra Indiana.
I never heard of that in my life until this moment.
Belterra Indiana and I lived in Indiana once upon a time.
And how?
Said Simpson who was in town for the Derby on Saturday came in with a group of about 12
Friday night and we'll see that at a table in the back.
A customer came up to Ruby and was giddy about seeing Simpson.
That's what gets me really as much as I despise him and I certainly do.
He is a low piece of slime, a murdering piece of garbage.
But the people who still admire him and the people who suck up to him, like some of the
people that used to work at our radio station, like the water Nazi and of course your buddy
Greg and a screw in who's back on the other side of the building.
People who are old J. Meanwhile that's because he wants to wear a jog strap, you know.
Right?
I didn't want that experience in my restaurant.
Ruby said later adding that the thing didn't get so much attention, makes him sick to
his stomach.
He said he went to Simpson's table and said, I'm not serving you.
Almost been a racial thing.
Ruby said when Simpson didn't respond, he repeated himself and left the room.
Ruby said Simpson soon came up to him and said he understood and would gather the rest
of his party and get out.
Well good.
Good, at least he gets it instead of being like militant like a jackass while he is a
jackass.
Anyway, Simpson's lawyer, Yale Galanter.
Yale Galentia Yenta didn't immediately return phone calls yesterday and I was seeking
comment.
It was the first time since 1994 he's ever shown any class where he said he showed
it at that night in the restaurant by leaving quietly and getting the hay loud.
Get out of here, O.J.
You murdering piece of turd.
Ruby said after Simpson left people in the restaurant started applauding him.
Oh, I'm plotting Ruby that is.
He said he's received about 100 positive emails since he was in for a second there.
I thought I meant to be where we're plotting O.J.
Oh, can I have your autograph, O.J.?
Let's go back and relive that golf tournament again.
Not.
The walls of Ruby's restaurants are decorated with celebrity photos.
A photo of Simpson and Ruby used to be on display.
But Ruby said he took it down after the killings.
After O.J. murdered those two people.
Yeah, good.
I just go on Ruby.
I just go on Jeff.
You demand.
Now, how are we doing on our goal here to get I think it's Chris got really carried
away.
1302.
We need 398 and three hours.
That's 133.
I don't know.
It's a pretty tough ass assignment, man.
Stop being so negative.
You think we're going to be 700 by 2 o'clock?
Yes, sir.
Why not?
Oh, boy.
Got the air conditioning on in my building.
Finally, it's going to be like 77 or something like that.
And you, of course, 77.
Every day, I'll say 77.
But I don't want to overdo it because then people get our call.
It is wrong.
And then we'll get screwed up diaries.
Thank God there's never any screwed up diaries in that arbitrage.
W.K.
William.
Hello.
I'll tell you in the end is where there's lots of machines.
Oh, yeah.
Good.
Yeah.
Are you the machine guy?
Yeah, definitely.
How do you do yesterday?
Lost my ass.
Well, come on.
You got to find a better machine.
Yeah.
Well, I'll try tomorrow.
OK.
I'll try to find a better horse's ass.
Can you believe that?
This guy's asked me what is the machine I would find?
And he said, he's confused.
He thinks you go to the track.
His only horse is running around.
Houses asses.
You know, buggy horses and the jockey horses.
Little guys with the high-pitched voices of something like munchkins.
What is this guy now?
WQAM.
Hello.
A first channel six is putting us in the cone of the tropical storm.
And second, I'm not an OJ fan, but I think he has right to sit in there.
That's his personal feeling.
That's like a Christian owner had personal feelings against two gays that were causing unwanted
to try.
How about two Jews?
How about a few Jews in the Christian?
I don't know.
I don't think he has a lot of them.
Yeah, yeah, screw you.
Screw you.
Get lost.
Go sniff a juxtap for Jesus.
OK, and get out of here.
Well, with Jesus sniff, huh?
Who's juxtap for?
I guarantee it's Brady Quinn because he went to Notre Dame.
Right?
You better believe it, Mr. In fact, don't we have the Notre Dame fight?
If I played the Notre Dame fight song, that's going to be the...
Oh, no.
All right.
Right.
I would say he's every game, every sport, even partigie, I hope they would be.
That out out out out out out out out of a really globe big time, yeah, this is up.
Patchdown Jesus!
Now where is Brady?
He comes out of that kid's  of display to talk.
Dude, Brady, so
Loving away at 560WtyQ.
I meant, I was the same guy from yesterday.
It was called about the Ast Guanes.
It's not going to be, it's a tropical storm maybe and it's way up there by the big25 Jacksonville
in Georgia.
and then they come and going to blow down your house. Just relax. Okay. Just relax. You
lunatic, you maniac. 30 QA. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Everything. It's not coming here. Yes. Hey, the center you admit you have a gambling problem.
The center you can be saved. Like I have a God problem too. Yeah. We have a
factory problem. I think there's a camera. I'll be a bad gambler. Fat gamblers. Fat gamblers
sit there in the red. Is this a guy that just called a minute ago? Is this the same jackass? No. Oh, different
jackass. Yeah. I didn't say he wouldn't have the right. I said I said the guys got the right.
I know I did was read the story. I didn't say anything. I said I read the story. You're
agreeing with it? That's correct. And what law did he break? Murder? Yeah. What law did he break?
Murder. Again. Double murder. How's that one? Okay, but this is what you're saying. He should be
on that. I'm going to tell you I'm going to tell you this. If you're an OJ liquor call the other guys across
the street. Don't waste your time. Wait, look, we may sniff jack straps on this station, but I knew
show we don't sniff that hard. Okay. No, and especially his. Oh my God. The smell of blood and murderers
in that jack strap. Gallons and gallons of blood. That's just what we need is idiots calling her defending
OJ Simpson. I read the story and I do agree with it. The guy who got it right. Right. Any place you have a
right to serve anybody. That's right. If what's his name would have come in there? John Wayne
Gayser. If Ted Bundy would have wandered in between when they found him a couple of times. And
the guy said, I don't think I like your altitude man. Get that out of here. I'm not going to serve
you ass. And the interesting thing about him, it's not just the murders. It's the arrogance. It's the law.
Like the story said, like the proprietor said, it's his own attitude. And of course the 80 million other
incidents he's been involved in in Kendall every there was a period of time there every other week he had
some other law incident going on. But you know, don't confuse these people with the facts. He was a
spore. It's a jock. W. A. N. Hello. Your spot report, Dale. Yeah. Okay. Major spy report. You're going to die soon.
And we're very excited about it. W Q. A. N. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I think still got to be on the heater.
Whatever restaurant you want. Yeah, exactly. Kick his ass out. We're talking about a butcher. Stu Gods.
See, and I think that by the set up calls, that's going to get people to let me tell you something. I invite you to listen to
Stu Gods and ask yourself, you know, like many of the people we have on here, like this morning, how can he possibly be on
here? I guess because daddy's got a lot of money. Just like Joel Feinberg, daddy's got a lot of money. WQA. M. Hello.
Hey, Neil. How are you? Pretty good. Hey, what time do you think Channel seven is going to start having up the Jackson pole to start
interrupting our regular programs to show you how our channel or hasn't to you. Whether furry got not there yet. I don't think so.
He better. I could blow away. I beg your pardon. I'm surprised they're not in home depots right now. You know,
it's fair enough. A friend. Let's get the viscuit out, man. And the two by fours get the lumber and the two by fours. And the bottle of water. Yeah.
There's nothing really going on. Okay. I mean, it's like going to be some wind and rain and stuff. Oh, but Neil, we're going to have a hurricane any minute. No, no,
aren't you getting all panicking? No, it's not coming across Lake Ontario. Trust me on that. I'm not the least bit panicky. Not that I don't care about all my
close personal friends and even not so personal down there, but you know, good luck to you. That'll teach you to be there 1315 votes on the pole. Now, what's your thought on that?
Where did her Chris came up with 60 to 17? You're a bastard. One of the hardest parts in my job is to net a rack to the wrong terror.
And that's what we do. We put in more troops to get to a position where we can be in some other place. The question is who ought to make that decision.
The Congress or the commander? If you know my position is clear, I'm a commander guy.
The time here W. As brains make up to do. He weasels and be lies. He's a commander guy.
Send me soldiers off to die with no valid reason why I'll be tied in hand with one on his hand.
It's the right to be had on. He's done a supra time. The more you wish and cry, they both will be there.
For industry of all time only of this time you might see the truth. New years of life. His way is so fried. He's a professor.
I'm your voices. Power is the bellicitor national airport DC. Two air traffic controllers taking the hospital or smoke in the tower.
Wow. How do you like that? Go look at me. I wasn't there.
So here's the skinny as they say. Why do they say that? I can't say that. Here's the skinny. Oh man. There's another expression that just makes me want to vomit.
Makes me want to have dinner with OJ. Let me say it again. He's not allowed anywhere. There's all them big sharp knives and they're not allowed near sharp instruments.
Some tropical storm Andrea formed today off the southeast of the US coast more than three weeks before the official start of the Atlantic hurricane season.
The year's first name storm had top sustained winds near 45 miles an hour and was said at about 140 miles southeast of Savannah, Georgia.
About 150 miles northeast of Daytona Beach at 11 o'clock this morning. Just a moment ago the national hurricane said it's moving west at about three miles an hour.
In other words, it's barely moving. Is it moving south or south Florida? No. Is it going to be a big good stimulus? No.
We're not looking at this system strengthening significantly said Richard Pant senior hurricane specialist at the center. We're not viewing this as a major threat.
Let me say it again. We're not viewing this as a major threat. Subtropical systems are hybrid weather formulations that usually are weaker than hurricanes and tropical storms.
They share characteristics of tropical systems which get their power from warm ocean waters at their centers.
And more typical bad weather that forms when warm and cold fronts collide. It's kind of a half breed past said.
Ooh, half breed. Didn't you share seeing that sound? Half breed? Oh, she did. You want it? That's what I thought.
Forecasters said Andrea has the warm center characteristic with tropical storms but its core is not particularly well defined.
In other words, it's like a lot of the people that we talked to on the phone rotten to the core.
18 tropical storms and four hurricanes have been recorded since a May since 1851.
The earliest hurricane district, the US was Alma in northwest Florida, June 9, 1966.
But a beep bit of boop bit of boop bit of boop. Some federal forecasters believe this is all part of a natural cycle.
But the other governmental panel on climate change, a UN-sponsored group says global warming caused by humans has led to an increase in stronger hurricanes and the sky is falling and everybody take cover and buy a lot of supplies.
That's said or in so on. Right? Everybody panic. Look at that. The phone went there for a second gives me a moment to read the poll.
I'll be reading out poll. We don't care about that poll. We want to talk about OJ. That is an interesting question.
Does a proprietor of an establishment have the right to kick somebody out because they don't like them or because they're crewmen? Maybe because he's creating a disturbance.
Right. Might be a question for a lawyer but I believe that they have the right to personally.
Yeah. We have the right to exclude anybody. Right. Just like on the phone. Right.
Just like on the phone. When I used to get faxes or letters from people, you're cutting me off what I call you're denying me my first amendment rights.
I like to know when the Constitution is to say have a right to call a talk show. Right.
I think the founding father do about talk shows and idiots that call talk shows. I don't think the founding fathers knew about freaking talk shows.
But if I stay on long enough, I'll be old enough to be one of the founding fathers. Let's see. Did you know our hear of Jim Frank? No. That's what the fact says.
He was news director of W.I.D. 86 to Lee Matrins Chicago where he worked for most of his career. He died last month following a battle with leukemia 66.
He worked in the late 60s at KSO Des Moines and then in Chicago, most of the careers WCFL and the former WMQ all knew 670.
First of all, WCFL news radio 780 maybe they changed frequency. The WCFI used to be a thousand on the dial 10 O 10 O.
Ketable like R 11 to 12 number at night. Also three WC FM TV commercials from the early 80s featuring Greg Budell, Randy Thomas Rich on others of Just Circus on you.
They're not just TV commercials, they're more like mini movies. They sure are on the creative promos like that. No more.
Well, that's good that it appeared on you. Because the rookie Tiki's got two more shows than he's hanging it up.
Best of luck to you, Rick, you're okay in our book. You're a good guy. Did a hell of a job. Heck of a job man. Even better than Brownie Brown.
1327, I bet if I clicked that, maybe you might be able to 1330. We're not going to make those 1700. We're just going to have 1327 for Christ's grace for Jesus God's sake. They're going to come through.
What would Jesus do if OJ came in his restaurant? That's what I'd like to know. You think he'd smite him or spite him? WQYM?
WQYM? Hello? That these were the public's airwaves, sir. WQYM? Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. It's pronounced Trebyan. That's very good. You're asking us to be Trebyan.
What? Trebyan. Very good. Trebyan? Oh, in French, yeah. Trebyan. Yeah, in New-Eubian. Trebyan, now.
Trebyan. Are you frog? No. Oh, thank God for that. Okay. You can stay. Trebyan. That's right. Well, I see I had French in the fourth and fifth grade.
I had to take French two years of that crap. Oh, yes. Because that was in rotten
treasure in New York. We didn't have like that. No, none of your people. We didn't have to pick up those short people.
No, we only had some short frogs like Irvay Villeshades and Robert Cleary. Remember Robert Cleary? Sure.
Hogan Zeroes. Right. Short Frenchman. Jewish, too, by the way. You know that.
Yes, you know that. Holikos survivor. Holikos survivor, no less. He was? Yes. Wow. Why are we learning crap on this show or why?
Trebyan. We WDQAM. Hello.
Hard road. WDQAM. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir.
I sit rows of work and saying that you have material. Sir, let me say this to you. Okay.
I don't do the show for Sid Rosenberg. Okay. I don't care what he says. I'm not interested in.
If you want to be an Ojohn provocateur or an overgrown child, this sounded like an old coup to me.
You're too old to be a Yent and not actually the perfect age to be a Yent and South Florida.
Not interested. Keep talking about me all you want. Loud mouth because I can use all the publicity I can get.
We sure don't get any promotion from this outfit. I'll turn you that.
So keep talking about me. Make it the topic conversation every day.
Loser.
Sid Rosenberg is saying this and over there across the street.
We don't care. Like I said yesterday and the day before that.
They're talking a big talk and when January, when that number falls off in the trends of the next ruling trend after this next month,
then all of a sudden what's the story going to be right back where they were before with ones and twos?
In fact, he's still got twos. Is he got any hour where he's got like a big number in here? No.
Tos. I know if I had a two-year VRB on here.
Oh, everybody's so pissed. I'm the great guy like that. We don't care.
Get a life to grow up. Okay. Your advanced age before they stick your old crag he asked in the ground.
Grow up would be a real benefit to mankind. WDQ-I-M. Hello.
WDQ-I-M. Hello.
Neil, how are you? Good.
Hey, you know, if you have to sign up in your restaurant, we would use the right to recruit service anybody. Then he can ask you to come out.
Yeah. You know, they have those signs in there, right?
We would do the right to not to refuse service here.
Right. So they guess what? Guess what? He did kick him out and he left.
Well, that's good. He'll probably be coming back with a knife.
I don't see what the big debate is except we got a bunch of idiots out there who just want to make a big issue out of it
because they think it's going to frost my ass. I really don't care what they think.
The fact is he told them to leave and he wouldn't serve him and he left and that's the end of that tune.
Yeah. That's where it goes.
Found a buddy. Glove. That's how it goes.
1328 in the poll. We'll be lucky to get to 1600. Christus over shooting. I've told you a long time ago. Don't do that.
Don't set 1331. See that? Don't set unrealistic goals for anything in life.
Don't expect to make more than two bucks an hour in that join. Oh, I don't.
Okay. Good. WQ a.m. Hello.
Q. A.m. Hello.
WQ a.m. Hello.
Hey, Mio. How are you, my queen?
Okay, sir. Have you tried the banana nut? How in the ice cream?
No, I never heard of it.
Really? It's new. It's pretty good. I mean, I know I shouldn't start you on the ice cream thing.
Not interested. Not interested. Come on, Nio. A little, a little scoop of banana nut.
How about a little poop? How about a little poop nut?
No. Come on.
567.0560. 05.60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. It is so incredibly sad.
So tragic. They tragic. They're tragic as they say in the Jewish parts of France.
Zaire. It's tragic. A poll published yesterday shows that close to 40% of Americans favor the impeachment of President George W. Bush and vice president Dick Cheney.
A few serious observers think things will ever get to actual impeachment.
And yet the American public seems more open to the concept than many imagine according to a new national poll wrote Matt Tawry, CEO of Inside or Advantage, which commissioned the poll.
The implications of this public sentiment could be huge for the 2008 presidential elections.
The poll from Inside or Advantage majority opinion as to sample a 620 Americans, when you favor or oppose the impeachment of Congress of President Bush and vice president Cheney,
a total of 39% of actions that they favored impeachment in opposition were 55% with 6% answering on the side of the don't know.
The rest of the reading banana nut.
Tawry noted that a high proportion of independent voters who traditionally decide elections, favored impeachment, a high proportion of independent voters.
Inside or Advantage has been praised by national media ranging from CNN's far-biss and junior Woodruff who's not on CNN anymore to Fox News' bill or Riley in a appeared in a net red or newspaper Washington Post, Washington Times, New York Post, then this week US News and World Report, CBS Times, CBS Market Watch, but a meat put a hoop put about.
Impete their ass and do it soon.
Man's Aussets radio. 560, you ate well. Return you now to the dolphin track for just a few of this.
And then you will know enough to be listening to AM radio on a Saturday.
Welcome back. It seems that the coach Cameron Swasey did not go with Brady Quinn.
The new dolphin quarterback will be a guy with a broken foot named Manakum Pagan.
Sorry about that cheek, but let me look again.
Fred Gwyn.
Fred Gwyn.
Now I bet Neil Rogers the 800-pound gorilla is going to be obsessed. The dolphins didn't go with Brady Quinn.
A step of old-biced combined with rancid body odor beer-breath and bad gas covers over this performance of the dolphin draft.
You can use this time to decide whether I sound more like Don Adams or a Trinoc Reno.
I am up. And now for you youngsters, let's have the self-plorative cheer.
Oh perfect. Perfecto.
Fred Bien.
33, 27, I'll know the queue. And we got 13, 36 on the pull. If we make a 50, we'll be lucky.
And why did you just fax me 10 pages of the same thing?
That wasn't meant for you.
Well that's where it came.
Who was it meant for?
The person that won't stop faxing.
Well it just came here. That was a mistake.
The person that won't stop faxing their fax number is 954-316-6010.
Right. They're faxing that over and over again.
Yeah.
So I was faxing it back to them. Obviously the wrong read. I hit something.
You hit the wrong read.
You wasted 10 pages of my fax.
And that's a way to make it.
And this thing comes to the end.
They're going across. They're going to say, little Georgia at the top.
And I thought, why is this man doing this to me?
Well it's like sabotage.
Oops.
Let me say it again. The fax number.
If we want to put an end to this idiot who keeps faxing and wasting our paper is 954-316-6010.
Right. That's it.
So maybe a lot of people out there would like to fax them some crap over and over and waste all of their fax paper
so they can't be bothering us. No more.
That would be nice.
That would be excellent.
954-316-6010.
I just mentioned that in passing.
WQA and hello.
Not there. QA and hello.
Oh, one oh. Right.
Hello.
Comic-tile, who?
Okay, that's our French lesson for today.
Doug Thompson writes, mad man or profit of doom, either way, George W. Bush is nuts.
He says, I've tried. Believe me, I have. I step back, take a second look at the attempt to give the president of the U.S. a second chance to prove he's not nuts.
Won't work? Can't work. There's just too much evidence out there to show George W. Bush is out of his freaking mind.
A statement last week during an appearance before the associated general contractors of America iceded, as Bush tried for the umpteenth time to justify his escalation of the war in Iraq along with his continued refusal to accept any timetable for withdrawal.
He said, either we'll succeed or we won't succeed. And the definition of success as I described it as sectarian violence down.
Success is not no violence.
There are parts of our own country that we got a certain level of violence to it, but success is a level of violence where the people feel comfortable by living their daily lives. And that's what we're trying to achieve.
Yep, that's what the man said. The quote above comes off as the official transcript on the White House website.
He said success is not no violence and followed that with. There are parts of our own country that they got a certain level of violence to it, but success is a level of violence where people feel comfortable by living their daily lives.
Listen closer to what the man said. Iraq can never be a safe place to live because we aren't safe in our own country, but we've learned to live with it.
Yet in a sad insane way, Bush gave opponents to the war all the reasons they need to pull out of Iraq.
He admits that Iraq will never be safe, that our goal now is to make it relatively safe and reach a level of acceptable violence based on the American model. Hell, we're already there.
Murderers, like OJ, kill 16 to 17,000 people in this country are beer and average of 43 to 46 people a day.
So far, they see Iraqis are dying at the rate of 20 to 30 a day. Mission accomplished and acceptable level of violence is achieved. Bring the troops home.
Bagged that is now just like East St. Louis. We brought all the fear and dread of violent American life to a new country, democracy is served.
This, of course, is a crazy conclusion based on inaccurate statistics that for capita death rate from violence in Iraq is far higher.
We have more than 300 million Americans to serve as fodder for violent death. They have giver take a few million refugees who will flood the country about 27 million.
Our per capita death rate is one-tenth of theirs. But since Bush used inaccurate intelligence to justify his invasion of Iraq, why can't he use inaccurate statistics to bolster a case for withdrawal?
Maybe the best way to deal with a crazy man is to offer even crazier solutions. After all, what's more crazy than the president of the West-Unification American people that we live in violent times in a violent place and might as well just learn to live with it?
If what Bush says is true than the efforts of the terrorists that are redundant, according to the president, we're doing a damn good job of killing each other off on our own.
And that's because we must accept the level of violence where the people feel comfortable about living their daily lives.
God, I hope he's wrong, Doug Thompson said, yet in this crazy world, even a madman can be a prophet. And what's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our time?
I'm as mad as hell on a look that I think is anymore.
Right? Right. Amen. Howard Beale for president. 1343 votes on a poll, maybe by the top of the R.I. will be approaching 14. I'm thinking we need to go for 16 today.
Because first of all, we're getting into the dog days, that must be because they know that all of them hurricanes are coming and stuff and bad, stuff is coming.
Let's be like these calls WQ I am. Hello. I'm just calling to get my name to come out to tell a marker with.
WQ I am. Hello.
Here's a meet. Timber. WQ I am. Hello. Hey, how you doing? I'll be today. Okay, sir. Listen, that old. You know, that man's who was pretty nice, but so is old. Oh, they got up a lump or his 12 friends. That's why I let you know that.
And you have a good day. You don't take care, but you're the best. You're the worst. WQ I am. Hello.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. No. What do you sound so sad about? I'm moving away. I'll never be able to call it. Thank all the best news.
I don't believe it for a second. We don't believe what? He isn't called a lot. I don't know if he's a picnic compared to well. Oh, there's no question. I'd rather take 10 calls from what he'd want from one of those other guys.
What other guys? Those other guys. Oh, you mean those other guys? Yeah, then I couldn't imagine who you'd be talking about. Okay, let's take a look at that poll. I haven't even that result in quite a while.
And since it's a lengthy poll, I should kill about two, three hours. All you do is kill the time with the poll. Yeah. Hey, when you've got to work all these heavy duty hours like I do, I'm the owner of an overactive blank sex drive 310. You betcha. I'm thinking about it right now as a matter of fact.
Craving for food 195, nothing overactive with me 188 perfect people and we hate each and every one of them like poison.
Fart maker 157 overactive imagination 119 bladder 115 sweat glands 59, Bowls 56. That'd be a good slogan now for QA after the size book Bowls 56.
Mental disorder 36 nervous system 29 impulse to car radio talk shows with nothing to say 27. What a concept paranoia 23 first 20 overactive hyperchandria 6 and thyroid 5.
So what do you think about that 160 think I could do it? Yeah, no, you know, but when should we have like a target day? I know you could. I know you can. Ask me if I think you will.
See now you're looking for you. I thought you're going to give me like a little oral support there. Oh geez, did you have to put it that way? You know what I'm saying?
I thought you're going to give me like a little pet on the back and say I'm challenging you. I'm challenging you. I know you can't. I'm challenging my hand.
Yeah, with what a stick with a switch. You're going to decide you stay. What is a switch? Isn't it like a thing like a branch? A thing a branch that you'll smash your head with. Like I think from the bushes man.
That's right. And you tie it all up so it's like real nasty hard and oh it just hurts like hell.
And if they like look at your cross-eyed you whipped a you whipped a living crap out of there.
Correct them with it. And then if they still look at your cross-eyed you do it until a bleed and can't to get up no more.
Her fighters remain purged high on these long ladders of hoses in hand.
This month in Playboy, President Joe Hopewell, Hillary Rodham Clinton has you've never seen her before.
I'm Hillary. I'm Miss April but I hope to be Miss November. My measurements are 32, 32, 32. But enough about my ankles.
What gets Hillary going? My turn-ons are government spending and men who aren't afraid to cry.
And what shuts her down? My turn-offs are tax cuts for the rich and shoving girls in barracks.
Spend some time with a Democratic front runner in the pages of Playboy.
My perfect evening would start with a conversation. Then maybe back to my place to do to each other.
But the current administration is doing to the country.
Check out Hillary Clinton this month. Don't you want to see my spread? It's only in Playboy.
What we saw Laura's the other day, why'd he let us start her as two? Talk about going on a long diet.
1360, well that's the cat. Catch the cat WKAT. What memories that brings back?
Not. 1360. Shirley Spellerberg and Irf Schindler and Jim Alton. And what's your name?
Lynn Russell. Oh, great. Where are they? Lynn Russell is in Canada. She's on one of the CTD or what are they Canadian networks say. Been here a long time.
Stop spile the time. Say, hey, how you doing? The O is nice working with you 100 years ago. Not.
I can tell you some little stories, but I probably better not. I told you the Jim Alton story about how we tried to have me go home with him.
What was the Italian restaurant found there on some piccolo's? First he tried to pick up the young waiter who was really hot as hell.
And the young waiter wasn't at least interested in any try to like a, oh gee, I'm so lonely. Neil, come home with me tonight.
He's dead anyway. I'm pretty sure and even if he's not, it's a true story. 567 and the day that I got that desperate will be the day that I would just.
I don't give you that. No, not that I'm some big catcher or anything like that, but wow. WKOM. Hello.
Sir, can I have them in? Dan Worthime. Yeah, Barbara, can I have them in and stand over time?
Uh-huh. Put those two together. You got South Beach and casino gambling. When I was down there last time for a weekend, I opened up the Sun Standland.
Who's got a letter to the editor? Who do you think about gambling? Casino stand worth. There you go. Good guess.
Same old, same old, stale man. That's stale. Like last year's Muck's a bri. Whatever that is.
567, 05, 60, 05, 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. These caught between yesterday the day, man. Dead is a doormat.
So I started, you know, when you scrape off this, this scum when you scrape that away, you know, like scraping off the fat that rises at the top when you put a bowl of chicken soup in the refrigerator overnight, we've talked about that.
And that's a thick layer of fat that scum is on the top. You have to scrape that away. That's when you take that away, we've got nothing.
567, 05, 60, 05, 60 in the Verizon, which is okay because I got a huge pile. Even the queen never saw a pile like this.
WDQ-A-M, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I caught through a delicious time. WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. How you doing? Okay. Now this is you about talking about age. You know, it took me that I said about age.
Number one, age is a blessing when you consider the alternative. Number two, we not, you know, we just age is a perfection.
Oh, okay. Speak for yourself, amigo. Have a great life. Good luck to you whenever you got left. So that means when you die, you're perfect.
Oh, yeah, I can't wait for that today. He was a perfect gentleman. WDQ-A-M, hello. How you going to go to Rick's garage that going away, body? WDQ-A-M, hello.
Hey, Neil. Do you know when Jeremy Hermit is coming up the interglist?
Hey, give Joel Feinberg a big kiss for us, honey. Okay. She's sitting over there on Joel's lap and he's dialing the phone and she's calling in.
Still got this and Jeremy Hermit there and blah, blah, blah, blah. Really bugs the heart of me. In fact, today is Payday, honey. Wait till you see what's in that envelope. Big, big fat paycheck. WDQ-A-M, hello.
No, you're on, man. WDQ-A-M, hello. Hello. Nice to meet you. Speaking.
Neil. Yes. There is no God. Otherwise the Kenny would have been strickel dead already. Yeah. John keeps trying, but he just, he's got bad aim. You know how the Lord is. He's a screwed up.
Well, I don't know. There is no God. Otherwise, that whole administration, the white does. Okay, great. WDQ-A-M, hello.
Yeah, play some jingers. WDQ-A-M, hello. Yeah, let me talk to you about A. Let me talk to you about A, man. I'm talking about A.
I think his whole family is going in now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the Verizon singular wireless line. I couldn't give that line nine number, but you know, why would we want to compete with this QAM?
Why do you want to compete with that? That's right. Who could WDQ-A-M, hello.
No, I'm Ken. WDQ-A-M, hello. QAM, hello. Neil, I'm looking for a good route. I'm Mexican restaurant in South East. Get my order.
Good luck to you. Go ask them, Mexicans, they'll steer you in the right direction. WDQ-A-M, hello. QAM, hello. I guess you dropped the phone at that time. WDQ-A-M, hello.
Just a guy, I did. No, he bitch. WDQ-A-M, hello. Neil, here in America, if you have the money to pay to the lawyers, you can pretty much get away with it. You got the money.
That's correct. Because you know, is that supposed to be a perspication observation? Yes, because you know, you're a psychology sensor. If you got the money, you can get away with it.
If you have the money, what do you do? What do you develop to fake acts? In the basement, most houses in Florida don't have a basement. You're probably banished throughout the basement. Wouldn't surprise me. And just a family so, by the way. WDQ-A-M, hello.
Neil, I am dying to go to bed with Prince Philip. With who? With who, who do you say? Prince Philip. Oh, oh, Prince Philip. Oh my God. Sound like a queen to me. WDQ-A-M, hello.
Yeah, hi. Is this WDQ-A-M? W-What? Oh, Neil? Yes. How are you? Sorry. I am fine. You know, I'm from Detroit and you see the same dollars, you know, that you. And I lived in Toronto for quite a while, about 20 years ago. And there's some great restaurants in Toronto. And surprise you never even talk about them or go to them.
Well, the reason I don't talk about them is because their audience is in Florida and they're really not interested in hearing about great restaurants in Toronto. You know, we like talking about great restaurants in Moosejaw, you know. Yeah, but maybe we can come down and visit you. No, no thanks. Come down and where are you calling from now? Well, I'm calling not from where you used to live, the plantation. Oh, I see you come down. Maybe somebody needs to get you a roadmap of the compressor. Where did you live in Toronto? I lived around York, New York, and Bayview. Uh-huh. And in fact, I put your satellite in for you. When you're driving,
you're driving in the Corvette and you had that got forbid that heart attack and you called me. I never had a heart attack. Well, you had a stroke or whatever it was from our from our national satellite. Remember that? No. Oh. Yeah. Call the paramedics, baby. Wow. They've let them all out. They have let them all out. WQ and hello. He's got your
name. That's a new. WQ. Y. M. Hello. He's got your new name. WQ. Y. M. Ella. Oh, man. They threw me out of the steakhouse. WQ. Y. M. Hello. Hey, look. You played a time. You've been for me. No. WQ. Y. M. Hello. Great show. Look out now. WQ. Y. M. Hola. WQ. Y. M. Hello. Okay. I'm not here. I hear you're having a lot of week. WQ. Y. M. Hello. WQ. Y. M. Hello. WQ.
Y. OK. Hello, nice. All right. I'll tell you what they get. At least he's always there. You know what I mean? When you need him, he's always there. We need
that. We need him for public practice. Project, project. How might just take all calls the rest of the day? They're so good. Thirteen, eighty six were
approaching. Is it? Oh, thirteen, sixty, six. Oh, we're not even able to get fourteen? Everybody ends up just. I want to make
sixteen, they're like, Chris, you're going to look pretty bad. You're going to come off looking foolish. Uh. You don't
do that, do you? Maybe they'll come back and pay, oh wait, they can't anymore.
You're responsible for it. If you just be screening them calls, we'd have a 40-share
and things would be hunky-dory. Remember gymdory? Number 8, I sure do. WDQ-Y-M, hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
Transphillic is a god.
Oh, that is a breath. That is a, oh my god. Can you believe that? Well, one of the first
queens he's slept with. WDQ-Y-M, hello. The power of Christ compels those nabby-headed
hos. WDQ-Y-M, hello. I can't love you, my baby.
WDQ-Y-M, hello. Two things, Joe, lift with the knees when you're throwing that
dash across the room. Number two, hey, Joyce, why the hell the seagull's
falling you down the beach? Get the wife boy, you smelly thing. You smelly bitch.
Not even even gonna write. Smelly bitch. So what do you think? About what? Life. I think
it sucks. Oh, that's right, I'm asking the wrong person. I'm sorry. You're so morbid
and depressed all the time. Yeah. They have this amazing thing it's called suicide.
I know. Unfortunately. And then OJ could tell you he's got other remedies for problems
like yours. I'm trapped in life the same reason for the same reason I'm trapped in marriage.
People need me. Oh, I see. Well, that's good. Still worth more alive than dead. Still 1366 on
there. We're not even gonna make 1370. I think Eric is responsible. I think that he's got his
thumb on a whole thing. Get your thumb off of Eric. The biggest name. This is an
S2 by the way. I can't. I can't even do this. You're not. You better know where you are
Mississippi. You sure don't. Put on the Josh Fappin' Huffing. This is pretty quick. Whenever
I shape my ball, I listen to the meal Rogers 12-1 hour. Looking for a great haircut at a
great price. Hi, I'm John Edwards for Stupid Cuts, the discount family hair salon. Times
are tough. And if your family is on a budget like mine, come on down to Stupid Cuts. Where
a shampoo and a haircut is still just $400. That's right. Only $400. I brought my wife and
two children to Stupid Cuts and shoot. It only cost us $1,600. Wow. We had enough left
over to buy this $300 bottle of conditioner. I'm John Edwards for Stupid Cuts. Where prices
are always low. You never need an appointment. And there's plenty of free parking for your
private jet. Can you say Julian Yehu? It's couple one at five sixty. So when I said
I'm all going to go about the rest of the show with the cross, I think I had it backward.
You know what I really meant? No, what did you mean? There won't be any. Oh, come on now.
We're having so much. I'm sorry. 32-72 votes under full. We're like 15, I think, as a reasonable
number. Let's not get carried away. There's nobody around. Don't you understand? We're dealing
with the volume. What? Ghost town. Ghost town. Although I will say this, thank you Mr.
President for those low gas prices. And he probably is responsible for the fact we got
any audience left at all because otherwise everybody would already be able to. But they
can't afford to leave. Soaring gasoline prices may spoil summer driving plans for some
south Florida residents as the scum central forcing them to rethink trips or cultural
vacations on the road. While some members of the sun sent those gas panel, oh man, how
much of you like to sit around that table? How about it's the square table? You know, there
are people on death row for lesser crimes than following that show. You know what I mean?
No. No. Exactly. No. Anyway, the south Florida sun sent those gas panel. Some members say
they may change their plans. Many of us sure they'll take short trips regardless of gas
prices. They'll just get on their knees and say, thank you Mr. President for those low
gas prices. What would Jesus drive? Summer driving season begins on Memorial Day and regular
gas now sells it more than three tenagallas in parts of Broward and Palm Beach counties.
Higher than last summer's gas prices when people already thought they were getting
raked at it. Experts are still about it and whether prices will continue to rise past
the world they will level off. We find a reason and you know something speaking to the
phone. Joe Bell, I'm going to tell you right now, right on the ear and I'll tell you
your face on the phone and the email, keep your nose out of the show. Okay. You know nothing
about it. In fact, that whole idea of putting tapes on Friday, that shows what you know
about this show. We find a reason that we're partly showed down
last month are producing more gas, but it's not clear for American refineries. We find
as plus gas imports will be enough to meet strong summer demand without pushing prices
even higher. Two key reports on American summer driving plans are expected to be released
next week, but members of the gas panel already considering how they'll deal with climbing
pump prices. We're supposed to go north to Irland in September and we were planning to
drive to Denise Brody, a psychotherapist who was in Parkland. Now maybe we'll be rethinking
it. Maybe we'll fly, say the mother of two, who has been owns a finis. But gas prices
won't stop. Alcio and Barbosa, who lives west of Boca, for making short trips to Orlando
in Tampa. I haven't planned any long trips said Barboso cleans homes from Boca to Boca
to Boca and Beach. Gas prices are high, but they won't really affect these small trips.
South Florida gas prices have reached new highs and some areas, regular residing for as
much regular as 319 a gallon in Boca, above last year's peak of 309 according to MiamiGasPrices.com.
The lowest reported prices were 287 a gallon in Broward and Dave counties and 298 a gallon
in Palm Beach County. Despite the high gas prices, Triple A Auto Club says they expect
Florida motorists to take to the highways this summer. We're not hearing about any people
postponing their driving plans to do the gas prices say Greg Voskowski, spokesman for
Triple A Auto Club South. When the club publishes its Memorial Day weekend travel projections
next week he added, I think we'll see a record number traveling ignoring gas prices. He
pointed out that Florida gas prices were climbing toward $3.00 last year, but now
many Florida motorists asked the club to help plan cross-country trips. In four last
six years he added gas prices were lower on the 4th of July than on Memorial Day. But
there's something to look forward to. Number I had that story yesterday, $4.00 a gallon
gas. It's coming soon to a station nearby you. We don't like paying what we're paying
out for gas, but we love our vacations and won't give them up. So, I'll encase spokesman
for the Travel Industry Association, a travel industry trade group which will issue its
forecast next week. People will probably make some changes around the edges he added,
such as cutting one out of a trip, looking for more economical lodging and saving money
eating out and also blowing their brains out, which saves a lot of money. Some like
Katherine Armand, a French teacher in Western said gas prices won't make any big changes
in her summer vacation. I'm planning to fly to Europe so that I'm going to sell my
gas. Catherine, she's got two teenage boys lives in plantation. So do I, Katherine,
when I'm there. Over there gas has been four times what we pay here for many years and
it's climbing as well. Even though travel organizations expect
the ratings to continue driving the summer members of the gaspan aren't happy about pump
prices, I think it's all a ruse the way prices fluctuate as they do said. V-Lane Stevens,
a witness who lives in Lauderdale. I don't believe prices are rooted in supply and demand
she said because the river state market, she's not planning to travel the summer of the
river state market. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Prices seem to be manipulated by the Middle East,
you know, and they have no love for this country. She's talking about those friggin'
Saudis as she's talking about those schmachter heads like Prince Bandar Bush and they don't
come no dollar than Prince Abdullah and that whole crowd. You know what I'm talking about?
Those great talking Saudis. That's what we should have bond right off the bat. Just to
make us feel better and go on in there and stuck along. She knew that all the oil fields
and taking all their oil and send them back where they belong to reform school to the
dresses. We can't do that to our buddies. Yeah, their buddies. In fact, we should have
sent the Bushes over there with them. 1380 on the pool, like I said, our goal is 1500.
Well, you were way off. See, you've got to get a better perspective on who you're talking
to, which is basically, I guess from now until, of course, you've got the whole summer
coming up. Most of it. Yeah. Now, you concerned about that? About what? About Monday, Wednesday
and Friday. It's not that far away, Ma'am. What's it a today? Today is May 9. Not that
I'm counting the days or anything like that. Doesn't matter what kind of job I do. Does
it? What do you mean by that? Oh, it's not going to matter to these people in here. So,
of course, now you can do the best job. You can do the best shows in the history of radio,
right? In the history of the human race. And they're going to say, Oh, the people want to
hear a new year. Let's put some tapes on. I'm going to tell you, Jolly Joe, seriously, you
are an accident waiting to happen. You're an impediment to my enjoyment of life. And you really
think I'm going to sign for two more years with this grave robber with these lunatics? Yeah.
I'm glad they dragged their heels on this because that's something that I mean, what's the
rush? First of all, what's the big rush? I got a year in the two thirds left anyway. What's
the big hurry? I don't know. I got money that hasn't been pretty yet. Okay. I could walk out
here right now and just never miss a meal. I believe in it. I believe in it. For as long as
I live, I could get up out of this chair right now. And so this business about, wow, you know,
it's a second biggest. Thank God I didn't make that bad mistake because today when I walk
out to the door and of course the day that they've taught your ass how it should be the same thing. Right.
Then they're going to say, oh gee, let's put Chris Moron again in the mid-jand.
They'll go back to the numbers they had before. Right. Be ones and twos. That's correct. And of course we may be
having ones and twos by then anyhow, based on what they're doing to us now. We can't say
and we can't play and we can't do. What's left of the show? Your voice. Just me. Just me. In fact, I'm carrying it out of my
back. I'm an ancient. I'm almost 65 years old. I'm almost a senior citizen. I'm an old
fart. Can you smell it? We can't play it. We can't make the sound of it. But you know, we can feel it.
We can we can feel it. I'm going to tell you what I call when I feel it just to make sure that it's
so what I was hoping it would be and not what I was hoping it would not be. You know what I'm saying? You got to
feel it. Oh, and of course if it's if it's what you were whole well, I don't want to get too
graphic. You'll start like you did with the queen and her bomb. Yeah, boy. It's wounded. What was that all
about? You were you were extra psychotic. I hate royalty. So what's that kind of
do? She still takes a dump. Oh, she she takes a royal dump. Oh, now speaking of that, they were
a flush. Yeah, really something or really. How about this? Just let it go. Go ahead. And now a
royal flush. No. What? That was pretty good. That was fine. Kiss kind of leaves a good
morning. I'm playing that. I'm playing the original one right double dog. There you coach
a cocker. Let's put it. Coach musters. You board. Oh, ready. What? Chris Darzy to play that.
For a whole. All right. Sixty. It's not even.
I'll play that day with new. I think head coach. Oh, how we did it. You came in. You're a coach.
All right. There's a lot of stuff in there that we actually can play. That's that's
surprising to me. Not at least four or five of them anyway. 1382 in the pool. I'm not going to read the
result. There's just too many too many choices on there. You know. And what looks the
poll question again. I put on. Oh, I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive and y'all
these things. Course sex drive. What's wrong with that? There's nothing wrong with that. No.
It's not going to be overactive and undirective. And of course, when I was just talking about the
drive, when it don't drive it out, drive it in and out.
Q. Joe Shinswell's two. They stuck huge swaths of sand of local beaches. Sanca 20's
would vessel in Lantana and destroy the maintenance shed that workers in Jupiter tried
desperately to say, I hate when those maintenance shed go down. The havoc was courtesy of a
strong system of low pressure. Perch along the Georgian South Carolina coastline that sent
the swells and gusts of wind up and down the east coast. Swalls were expected to drop
below nine feet over. And I go where some sighting the slowest in Palm Beach County
corner of the National Weather Service, getting back to my rant, which I think I might
just do to a clock about this whole thing with the normal Kent and Joe Bell and
Jolly Joe and Bruce Beasley and this and that. These people are like, you know, like
we're in the middle of a mailstrom, you know. A mailboard. Whether or not Joe Rose
comes back is still problematic. You hear me ask Clarence every day. Is there a
chance he's a what was to deal with it? Oh, we don't know yet, but we've been
open of up and he runs out of there like a like a simple thing. Now, which he is?
Like a like a petulant child. Like a child who's been throwing a hand grenade and
doesn't know whether to put in his mouth and pull the pin or just stick it up his ass.
I mean, what what are these people thinking about? You know, what we're just going to
continue as it is, this is the same thing that Joe Bell did when he first came in as
he recalled year and a half ago. Do you remember that? And I kept going on and you're saying, what are they
waiting for? What are they going to do? Something. What is this man going to get off his fat
ass? I already remember that. Yes, I do. And months and months and months went by
in the attrition and the erosion. Talk about the beaches eroding. My God.
It was like watching the you know how when they blow up the buildings, the old
casinos and Vegas, you know, just like watching one of those. I'm surprised to
hold that building didn't fall down when they brought his fat ass in there. So,
Norma, Ken, you can you can have all the conversations you want. You can drop all the
papers and send all the car. You're just you're spinning your wheels, baby. Go back and
put your bag newspaper, whatever you're doing and leave me out of it.
Got a year and two thirds ago. I'm going to show up every day that I'm supposed to, which I think
in that year and two thirds, I got about 15 days. I got to work in that time and I'll show up all
15 them right on time right here in my boxer shorts. Looking really fancy,
fancy on my nice chair here and that's it. And when that time is over, bye-bye.
I'm going to I'm going to have me a really good time.
You know what I'm saying? I know exactly. I'm lucky in every
guard is that I'm still in good enough shape in spite of my bad eating in spite of all the, you know,
the fact that I'm an old fat Jew, fat in spite of all of that. Now, I can still have a pretty damn
good time. I can go here and I can go there and I can travel and I can do basically whatever
they if I want to do. How do you like that? You don't even need one of those little scooters.
Now, I don't have one of those yet. All the woodbine they nearly knock you down with it. You know, woodbine where they have those machines that the horses run on.
Treadmill.
This has got to be some of the worst erosion said John Johnson,
the 17-year veteran of Lantan is marine safety units. Other lifeguards scanned the seats for surface swimmers and voters.
This was all intact last night. We're just hoping our lifeguard tower doesn't go.
Oh, geez. I wonder if we still have the lifeguards listening, remember them?
Yes, we do. Of course that one British one who was very annoying. Not that we ever had any annoying callers. Be a murder.
I'm talking about. Yes. I agree. Yes. Extra annoying.
Yes. Waves smashed to a barricade of 2,000 sandbags and a few steel pollings to pull a cement and metal maintenance shed
and mostly out to sea in Jupiter Beach Park. Waves also responds to 60 foot sailboat that ran a ground just north of Juno Beach during a March 31 storm.
Well, the sky is falling. There's no question about that.
It's like when people live in those houses that are built on the edges of cliffs and there's a mudslide.
Oh, gee. Why do people live in the, you know, because they're stupid.
Don't you think that's a good answer for the question?
Perfect.
Why do people live on the edge of the cliff? Maybe because they have a death wish. Why do people live in South Florida?
Peasants dumbass dirt.
And now, after some self-indulgent 5.62M morning showcraft,
murdering our ratings by programming for our friend.
You know when I watch a game, I want to be left alone to enjoy my man fantasy.
I just want the other 50,000 people in the stadium to just disappear or die or something. You know, like black Sunday.
Sure, that's the situation. Like whenever I sit by giant-esque down on a bleacher, I want to drink my beer and enjoy the game.
Oh, yeah. How do I enjoy a sports event as an important and exciting topic to discuss in our morning show?
Hey guys, there's a tornado warning.
Oh, it's a situation, man. I expect to stand on a long line to the men's room.
Well, I bring my home bottle.
We have like a wall of tornadoes approaching the station.
Cute. I had an old tornado wound.
I'm just letting you know.
Dude, our job is to numb the audience not informed.
Yeah, that's the situation we've got.
We have a comedian joining us on the show tomorrow.
I'm Milton Cayman Jr.
Wow.
Yeah, now this guy is a first class comedian. I mean, he'll have you in stitches.
Hey, sports related, you'll be right.
Oh, sure.
I mean, not like political or anything complicated, like a situation like that or anything.
So tune in tomorrow for some side-aiding laughter with Milton Cayman Jr.
I think we deliver a good product on this radio.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
This radio thing.
What they say, we scored a 1 in the good book.
Yeah.
We'll see, man. We're number one.
Sure smells like it.
Okay, so 1219 and 560 W.
We got mad dog.
Two of them, the Humper and the mad dog between 4 and 5 in that power hour.
That's kicking some big fat ass.
I can't tell you who's and then Humper solo 5 to 630.
And we got your Marlon game.
Marlon's in the Dodgers, followed by the 80K show after the game.
You're going to be glued to the radio for all that exciting sports stuff.
Yeah, why will?
We still can't get to 14, I don't know what Phil Chris was talking about.
50,000 votes today.
What were you thinking, man?
Talk about, see this is what happens when you get carried away.
I'll just turn around and you don't understand your surroundings.
When in doubt they're bailing out.
We've been stuck on 1387 now for like 10 minutes.
So either Eric has got his foot on the break.
Are you breaking it again, Eric up there? He's breaking it.
Just like Greg broke the radio station and Joe came in and just stomped on all the pieces.
Wouldn't that be a good analogy and that a great way to describe what happened?
Okay.
Greg dropped the egg and then they brought in Joe and he just stomped on all the little pieces on the ground
and just smashed the leaves.
Well, I'm very important.
I said it works for me.
Yeah.
Still 1387.
I've hit that view current thing 50 million times and it doesn't move it.
It's not one more vote.
I think everybody who's listening voted.
Maybe they're all running to the phone to call.
Do you think so?
Yeah.
1387.
He just just stuck there.
I think Eric's playing with us.
He's playing with our mind.
Or like I said, maybe everybody's gone by by.
Troopers temporarily shut down Alligator Alley in both directions this morning because of four visibility from smoke from me.
13,000 acre wildfire neighboring Collier County and from fourth fires on the state line.
But re-open much of the tool road by 11 o'clock this morning.
The coast is clear.
Some of it.
FHP spokesman Sergeant Mark Wise Saki.
I love that name.
Wise Saki said heavy smoke near the 80 mile marker in Collier County.
Proud to the closing of the tool road.
Both the east and west clashes around 7.45 a.m.
To cross drivers would have to travel south on US 27 to 10 me and me.
To North to stay road 80.
Southern Boulevard.
Wow.
Talk about a long way around.
Took the long way home, man.
But Wise Saki said the visibility on the tool road improved late this morning.
And Alligator Alley we open for westbound drivers and brought around 11 o'clock.
However, westbound drivers will have to exit that mile marker 80 or state road 29.
Then go south to US 41 to Everglades City and then jump into water and swim to Cuba.
Wow.
What a mess.
Another good reason not to be there.
I'm wondering if this thing isn't there's a malfunction of the junction, you think so?
Really?
We just overloaded it because there are so many people on here.
They're floating now, do you think?
We'll ask Eric.
Yeah.
No.
1390.
1389 is what I got.
You got 1390 that's 3-0.
3-0.
They're just trickling in.
They don't want us to show off here today.
We could have, but they're just out there.
They want to get their traveling in there started now before we get the $5 gallon gas, which maybe not that far off.
Poor Barack Obama, man.
He made a little mistakement there.
He got tired and...
That's it.
What?
It's all over.
Made a mistake.
Now he made a mistake and of course they're on his ass man 24-7.
All he's got to do is blink, look cross-eyed at somebody.
All Barack Obama, that's a dark, complex guy, you know.
In a campaign slip-up, US Democratic presidential hopeful Barack Obama dramatically overstated the number killed by recent tornadoes and Kansas.
In case you missed it this week, there was a tragedy in Kansas.
He said adding that 10,000 people had died.
The real number of people killed was 12.
Not 12,000, just 12.
Mr. Obama later appeared to blame tiredness for the game.
Senator Swarley Clinton currently enjoys a double-digit lead over Mr. Obama, the National Opinion polls.
This is in the BBC website, by the way, as if you can trust those brits with a bad rotten teeth.
A spokesman later said Mr. Obama had meant to say at least 10 instead of 10,000.
Well, these 12 is at least 10, right?
Okay.
During his speech at Democratic Senator for Illinois did, however, appear to realize his mistake.
There are going to be times when I get tired. He said, there are going to be times when I get weary.
There are going to be times when I make mistakes.
Like, yeah, the Queen. She's in America's France in 1776.
Go on. Go ahead.
Well, that was just one of those moments.
One of those moments when you realize, what am I doing in the magical majesty rotten old bitch?
This humorless old cell.
12 people are noted with data across the state of Kansas when it was struck by a series of storms over the weekend.
At a campaign rally on Tuesday in Richmond, Virginia, Obama said the Bush administration's war in Iraq had affected the response of the tornadoes.
Turns out that the National Guard in Kansas only had 40% of its equipment and they're having to slow down the recovery process, a prior in Kansas, Mr. Obama said.
It was echoing remarks made by Kansas Democratic governor Kathleen Sambigas, who had said the residents of Greensburg had suffered because of a lack of military equipment for the recovery.
I don't think there's any question if you're missing trucks, humbues, and helicopters at the response is going to be slower, she said.
A White House spokesman hit back at the criticism saying there was enough such equipment in other parts of the country to come to any states aid.
But a beat that a boot bit about.
And of course we know there's no National Guard in Iraq. One of the great commentators of all time, which was the beginning of the demise of WQM, he was a good part of it.
They can almost think about it with those trickered pants in that nasty piece, man.
Once he took the piece out of it, started crawling around the building. Remember that?
People were trying to step on it.
That every day go to work piece, he was supposed to be a special one on the weekend.
To go to shrewel on high holiday piece that he used to wear.
1394, well we'll be over 1400 maybe by one o'clock.
Oh man, talk about falling short of expectations.
Not good Chris, I guess this isn't going to be a banner day. One that you're going to write down in your diary, right?
The air diary, today we sucked big time. We thought we're going to have 50,000 votes on the pool and we had like about four.
One day they don't like this pool.
They'll be able to read the result again. I don't think so. I don't want to read it twice.
I don't want. Good. I'm not going to do it. I don't want to.
I don't want to. You can have her. She's too fat for me.
O'cala, a 17 year old boy was growing marijuana on taken property owned by O'cala deputy police chief authority of BC.
Deputy chief Greg Graham said he was told about the plants by neighbors on Saturday.
He had bought the lot two months ago as an investment.
Deputy's with the Martin County Sheriff's Office confiscated nine potted marijuana plants on the lot.
Graham said he's known the teen and was not identified because of his age for seven years.
I have no idea why he picked my property, Graham said.
A neighbor witnessed the teen agent with a lot on Friday, according to a sheriff's report.
The law was about a hundred yards from the teen's home.
Neighbor said the teen's presence on the lot seems suspicious.
Just like what's going on at QAM seems suspicious as nobody can be this stupid.
While the investigators were on the property, the spot of the teen walking toward the according to the report.
I guess he was pretty stupid. He admitted the plants were his and that he smokes marijuana.
Oh my God, a 17 year old pucks smoke and wacky weed. God, the world's top of the win end as we knew it.
He also had pictures of the marijuana plants on his camera cell phone.
The teenager was charged with color vaster marijuana and taken to the county's juvenile assessment center where his brains will be blown out of taking finance.
Spent of cow manure covers over this performance by the golfers.
Uma Anderson is a real guy co-customer, not a professional actor.
So to help tell her story, we hired professional actor, Alec Baldwin.
My daughter just got her license and had a little fendz of banger at the mall.
What? She is a rude, thoughtless little pig.
Oh, she called very upset on her cell phone.
Once again, she's pulling this crap with the damn phone situation.
So I told her I called Geico.
Your mother is a thoughtless pain in the...
Geico said they sent someone out right away.
I'm gonna fly out there for the day and straighten your...
...out. I'm really gonna make sure you get it.
Geico was a luck nicer than some people I know.
I'm tired of playing this game with you.
You have insulted me for the last time.
Geico, real service, real savings, real bad parenting.
I wonder what Kimba Volcan for things are this phone situation.
What do you think about that?
1401 on the pole.
I was getting a little nervous there if we didn't make 14 that would have been embarrassing, wouldn't it?
Because before you can get to 15, you gotta get to 14.
That's what I was once told.
I didn't have an idiot.
It's the Reverend Al Sharpton, who recently urged that radio host Don I'm
going to be fired from making a racially insensitive remark.
What was that remark that he allegedly made that we know?
That we headed host.
Now, setting the debate that those who really believe in God will defeat Republican Mitt Rodney for the White House.
That's what Al Sharpton said.
Who is one of the most bigoted obnoxious, loudmouth, disgusting pieces of turd.
And a lot of stuff that he says, you know, he's a liberal and I agree with much of what he says.
I still can't stand him.
That's why it always kills me.
Oh, you agree with Bill Mar what he says?
A big deal.
But Sharpton, now he was questioning the Mormon's own belief in God.
Rather, the New York Democrat city was contrasting himself with Christopher Hitchens.
The atheist author, he was debating at the time.
The anxious Christopher Hitchens.
The atheist need to be represented by him.
Like Jews need to be represented by Myrulansky.
By Hyman Roth, excuse me.
As for the one Mormon running for office, those who really believe in God will defeat him anyway.
So don't worry about that.
That's a temporary situation.
Sharpton said Monday, what are you going to do about that situation?
During an debate with Hitchens at the New York Public Library's Bo Arts headquarters.
See, there's some French crap for you.
Bo Arts.
And I said it right.
B-E-A-U-X.
As in, how's Bo Dilly doing?
How's Bo Bo Camper doing?
With a situation.
The camera was first reported yesterday in a blog on New York Times website.
The Romney campaign, which has been a barrier of campaign trail criticism of Romney's faith,
we spotted aggressively to the Sharpton comment.
If elected Romney would be the first Mormon to serve as president, he got about as much chance of getting elected as I got elected again,
elected dog catcher of Aschua, Ontario.
It is terribly disheartening and disappointing to hear Reverend Sharpton offer.
You know, that guy from the satellite thing I called earlier that, that just sent me back a hundred years.
Did it?
It's like an ash hole alert.
It's like all of a sudden somebody, remember I talked about the flamingos and the guy blows the whistle and they all line up because they know what's feeding time?
It's like somebody blew the whistle or blew something.
Smoke.
And they all lined up and just took their turn.
Wow, that guy.
Oh, I used to live in Toronto, eight hundred years ago, and there's some good... how come we don't talk about the restaurant?
Because nobody cares, that's why.
Nobody listening to me now cares about good restaurants in Toronto or in Mrs. Saga or in Kingston or in anywhere.
It's terribly disheartening and disappointing to hear Reverend Sharpton offer such appalling comments about a fellow American's fate said,
Romney Schforksman Kevin Madden.
America's the nation of many fates and common values and bigotry to anyone because of their beliefs is unacceptable.
This is the same Al Sharpton who helped to get, I'm as fired with his nappy head at a hose and he's talking crap about the morons.
Romney himself chanted Monday during an appearance on the Fox News program, Hannity and Comes.
I think there are differences between different fates in this country and there'll be battles between different religions, Romney said.
That's a great thing about this country.
We don't decide who's going to be in Orphans based on what church they go to.
Oh yeah, you'll see Al Sharpton will show you a thing or two like his...
Right, Tom.
...cheeks, his big fat cheeks.
Do you imagine they asked on him?
Rather not?
God.
What a nauseating thought in the middle of lunch hour.
I apologize for that, that's bad.
In a tape of debate, Sharpton can be heard defending the rule of religion in the civil rights movement and trying any suggestion that there wasn't a religious underpinning to the efforts of his leader, the Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.
Then Sharpton spoke of Romney, although a tape reviewed by the AP doesn't reveal why.
In a later interview with the AP, Sharpton and I questioning Romney's belief in God and suggested that I bet she believes in Donnie and Marie, that's good enough for me.
If you got deeper for it by Donnie and Marie, I think you played it one day.
I guess that was really a vote version.
I don't know what to say.
We had Neato Tempo and April Stevens.
Right.
Right.
And then I had...
Oh, I'll find it.
I'm a little slow because I'm old.
Oh, what did he hit by the...
More temple in the...
...jelly street.
And then I said that I really wanted to...
I really wanted to...
I really wanted to.
I quit what it is.
I said if I wanted to, I had to play this version too.
Unless you have an aversion to this version.
I have no aversion.
This is Donnie and Marie, sounds like it.
I was really ashamed that he didn't show that I would either.
That's how he was like, you know, old and material, and natural.
I feel the noise about him.
Yes.
I did this red thing.
I'm sure.
You might have converted.
I don't think so.
You were going to rip this magic underwear right on.
He was not.
I was really shocked when he was released to a fight or a homophobic.
I told you.
I just did good, fine, young man.
That's very typical of every Mormon I've ever met.
Everyone.
Really?
I've never met a Mormon I didn't like.
They're ready to rock and roll, is that it?
Well, I never met any Mormons other than him.
And of course his nasty wife sent me in the control room there.
Now you weren't there, so I thought...
It was probably very nice that you just...
Oh, I guess you said that I never met my face page.
Guess who's Nick Lawrence?
Really now.
Why was there that long pause when I sent...
I was just computing them.
Who was my team?
I think he may have been my producer at that time.
Now, do you mention that?
Yes, yes he was.
Nick Lawrence.
He asked to be added, and of course I immediately looked in there.
And I said, sure, no problem, Nick.
Be my pleasure.
Is that exciting or you don't seem to care?
Today I've heard my space news.
Alicia wants you to check out her and her sexy friends on their free webcam.
Today on MySpaceNews.
MySpaceNews.
We're lonely and we'd want to meet you.
Oh, lots of holes.
I don't know if they're an api-hitter or not, but they're a lot of holes
that try to like, you know, hop onto your space and your place, on your face.
Oh yeah, I'm that thing.
Aren't there?
All the time.
Anyway, what I said was that we would defeat him many as a Republican
Trump and set a Mormon by definition believes in God.
They don't believe in God the way we do, but by definition they believe in God.
Well, which God's got the Tony?
That's the question.
Which God would Jesus believe in?
W-W-J-B-I, baby.
V-B-G-I-J-I.
What would Jesus believe?
Not this crap.
I'll guarantee you that.
He said he was contrasting himself and other believers with Hitchens, who's the author of a new book, God is not great.
I think what he really is writing is, that's not great.
The legend or any of who used to be great and any works for Joe Bell and went straight to hell.
Last month, Shrupton led the cause for him and his oyster after a talk show.
The talk shows before tomorrow.
We know that Naffy headed the hose.
Big sim is okay.
I hope it gets 180 million from CBS and hope that the CBS I start crying.
It starts off flawed like Allison Wonderland.
I hope they've drowned in their own tears, but your woossies.
Here's a fact that says, from a fantastic freedom fighter, you better get your facts right, Mr. It says he sounds like the Frickin Bridge Center, which he's trying to do badly and not a good job.
I'm not defending OJ.
Oh, oh, here we go.
There's something I may even go to waste my time.
I'm not going to waste my time.
If you want to waste your time defending a double murderer, a slime ball, a low life piece of turd like OJ Simpson, go right ahead.
You have all the right in the world to waste your time and I don't want to talk to you.
I want to know from you.
I don't want to smell you.
I don't want to be downwind from you.
Just go away.
Leave me alone.
Go out of your BS somewhere else, Mr. Freedom Fighter.
How are we doing on that pole?
We're going to get the 1450 or what?
1407.
Now do you think we can get to 15?
I don't think so.
Yes.
The way this thing is slowed down to a crawl?
1410.
Oh, there's a little chunk there, a little chunk in the armor.
OJ isn't so there.
21 before 1.
Everybody is so sensitive and so uptight and so you know.
Here's Al Sharpton, the dark-complexed racist who's all worried about Don I'ma's and helps get him fired
because he said not be headed hose.
And then he had I'ma's on a show before I'ma finally got a can.
And oh, you shouldn't be talking.
I'ma said something about being a cracker or something like that.
And don't be picking on your own people now either.
You know, I'll get out of here.
Cut the crap.
Okay, quit with the race card, bull crap, Al.
You phony baloney, you goofball.
You fairer than two.
Howard David's a bitch.
Absolutely.
So the next time you're on the toilet, there's a way you can save the planet.
Alright.
When you clean yourself, do it just once.
But you're gonna wanna work again.
Why?
Baby, you wanna work again but just don't.
Oh, one square is the greenest.
When you can wipe, one square is the greenest.
Rack them.
If you love the planet, you won't be smart.
Everybody will wipe like me and I'll go.
One square is the greenest.
Things when you wipe, one square is the greenest.
So come on everyone, do your part.
Even if you wind up with some skidmars.
One square is the greenest.
Yeah, what's a few skidmars among friends, right?
There's no way they make tide and chia and all that other good stuff.
From 46-14 before one.
One square per customer man, in fact that's what they started doing.
Like when you go to some hotels especially in Europe, some of them do have rules of toilet paper.
But some of them have those dispensers where you pull out like little napkin size.
And of course you always pull out a whole bunch of them.
And you want them up.
Maybe they can do that.
They can have little dispensers in your bathroom.
Each time you pull a little chia, it'll be just like one square.
Is there a timer between how many times you can pull on that thing?
No, you can only pull out one and automatically shuts off.
Until you're next until they're baked over the next one.
That's wrong.
We mean that's wrong.
Terribly wrong.
I don't care what you're all saying.
I'm sure you want to be green maybe in belief.
Let me tell you a lot of you do that.
I got news for you.
As you walked around among crowds of people, you'd turn green all right.
So maybe that's what he's talking about, the green earth.
Wow.
You turn real green.
You know what I mean?
Because I've seen some real stuff.
So guess what?
We're going to be 20 votes on the poll.
I don't know if we'll make 1500.
I think Chris says yes.
I say, uh, very dubious.
Very dubious.
Very dubious.
I'm telling you, it's slowed down to a crawl, baby.
It's that time of the year, man.
It's May 9th.
All the Jews are gone.
All the Cubans are gone.
Everybody's gone.
Anybody with more than 40 cents is out of town.
You could see that starting yesterday.
Yeah.
The radio station in Cincinnati said today it's taken down billboards that upset Hispanic leaders
and opposed to the statement of regret on its website.
Here we go again with more politically correct.
Wait till you hear this story.
It's so sad, so stupid.
Billboards for WLW.
Very famous, by the way, 50,000 watt station since the name is Radio Ratings leader, WLW.
They picked it a Mexican flag, a donkey, and a mustache, a man and a sombrero with a headline.
The big one, J-U-A-N-1.
The station calls itself the big one.
No, to a big one or a shell crow, get upset.
I won't.
The big one.
Now, did you find anything offensive about that?
No.
A Mexican flag, a donkey and a mustache, a man and a sombrero, and it said the big one.
Why would I be offended by that?
Anyway, I ask because you hate Mexicans.
I don't hate them.
I'm just not one.
We sincerely regret any offense created by our recent billboard ads, the statement said we move quickly last week to request immediate removal by the billboard company.
They're in the final stages of that process, it says.
I think I'm really at my billboard taking down two all over South Florida.
Keeping in billboards, I've cost an arm in four legs.
14.22 on the pole.
They're creeping in, but nothing really, nothing spectacular, nothing the fact that we're accustomed to.
14.25, you see that?
Now they're coming in by the threes and fours.
Maybe they'll come through first today, but I sure doubt it.
Stop being so negative.
I have my real doubts.
If we make it to 1,500 man, it's going to be a un-merakley, baby.
I'm telling you that right now, it's going to be truly...
That too.
Maureen does have a common New York Times, you want to hear it or not?
Yeah, I want to hear it twice.
Okay, I'll read it once and then you record it and then play it again.
In fact, that's what we're doing if Joe Bell had his way with those tapes.
Doesn't he understand you can't play tapes?
It's not timely.
The whole thing with his show is we talk about what's going on now today.
You know, not four days ago and three days ago and six weeks ago, so it's...
This man, don't get it.
And Bruce Beasley, they like putting failed products on the air.
Well, you know, some people think they're...
They're talking about 2009 and 2010.
You know, I'm going to be in 2009 if I'm still alive and 2003.
How do I know?
Let me answer your answer in two words.
Two words.
Not here?
That's it.
Meaning not on the station.
Meaning retired in it.
That's it.
Finito.
How I let Norma Ken...
And you know something?
After I told him I wasn't interested, he started the whole deal with Joe Bell all over again behind my back.
Well, he's at the Norma Ken.
That's a very...
You're very...
I told you that, didn't I?
Mm-hmm.
They're having these conversations about extending my deal about a bit of open.
Forget about it, Norma.
I can't lost.
Can't lost.
That's all I need to do is commit myself.
I will be committed.
Another almost four years of these people and they're kind of...
They're concept of a radio station.
I think we all need to sit around the square table and just a jaw off about it.
Moring Dowd says beauty's been chased off by the beast.
Well, he's enough to chase off anybody.
Now France, which is to see just how feral and domineering Nicholas Sarcosi will be.
They love the...
Sedulene and I, again, Sir Frenchward.
I have no royal, more phenomenon than politician, writing maternal mannequin campaign,
painting of a retense in the podium, started as a more political animal and a brute whose lesson
would spark riots in sort of a civil war.
The Illuminous Sego did not even the dainty would dress the dark sarco by name,
either in the debate or in their concession speech Sunday night.
Cartoonists have depicted a tough guy who bullies rivals,
betrays mentors and calls young troublemakers and low-income housing and perilsar groups scum
as a gargoyle, Dracula, an evil sorcerer and a devil.
Vakula.
The imagery of the presidential dual tapped into the myth of Gothic tales of France like beauty
and the beast, the phantom of the opera, and the hunchback of Notre Dame.
And we're not talking about Brady Quinn, he ain't no hunchback like those who are very keen.
By the way, what?
Oh, I thought you were done, I'm done.
No, I...
Wouldn't mean by the way something, I mean, it'd only been close to being done.
Oh, you're plenty of it.
You know what I'm done, I'll be pulling off a square toilet paper.
With Hungarian Greek, in fact, I could use this paper here.
Looks like it might do the job.
But Hungarian Greek and Jewish roots with a father who deserted and belittled him
with his jittery ambition and pugnacious talk,
sarcoise jolting the inbred in an insular and introspective world of elite French politics,
the far-right is called him a foreigner with an unhappy marriage,
and a Sego advisor scoring him as an American neocon with a French passport.
He's an...
Heraviste said Bruno Rack may do owner of vintage shop in Paris,
from the beginning he was someone who would sell his mother as fast as possible to get ahead.
Or as an elegant Parisian woman who voted for Sego,
warned that a war against a post-volection dinner party,
he's like a little Donald Trump.
Sego was serene and protective with vague.
Sarco was Connecticut and Pushing and Concrete,
as it turned out the French wanted to be prodded even more than they wanted to be pampered.
Perhaps they've decided they have to stop being sluggish
so they can continue to be super-solious.
Liberals mocked Sarco's campaign theme,
France that wakes up early, Gerard VRD wrote,
appeasantly far left weekly paper, Charlie Hebdo,
and Don I ripped myself out of bed, I took a cold shower,
put on some mismatched socks, and down eight expresses,
I headed out to meet France in the morning.
The France that wakes up early would rather stay in the sack.
But even someone hooded for the woman who would have been
first lady France president, they didn't want their country to calcify.
It's not president, that's a spanner.
Well, whatever the hell it is in France.
I don't care about the French, they make me sick.
Who has a 35-hour work week said Philip Rosenthal
who sells leather chairs, Sarco wrote in his political book,
Testimoda France is not a museum,
and must find the energy to succeed.
In his acceptance speech, he said he would rehabilitate work
and then devise a promise to be a presidential entrepreneur.
Just as soon as he comes back from his yachting vacation, it says.
One ex-patriot friend of mine observed that the French are not lazy,
they just want to leisurely lunch.
At a Paris flea market on a beautiful Sunday afternoon,
the vendors didn't eat fast food or take out at lunchtime.
They set up tables with tablecloths, china and crystal,
and joined other vendors to dine on whole roasted chicken,
fresh salad, bread and wine.
And some would not interrupt their meal eating for shoppers
who wanted to buy their wares.
When I was reading newspapers during lunch at a left bank hotel
the major de-approach, you were a journalist he pleasantly accused me
in applying the only such a robotic American creature could work while eating.
He had a point.
Nearby in the lobby, Captain De Nouve was having fun smoking and drinking wine with girlfriends
surrounded by Chanel bags full of Chanel bags.
They don't want to j-j-j-j-j-j-j-j-j to go out over the Veeve.
So I'd get into these friends, especially from her.
I'm going to kill her.
But as a French, you're not a first to being whipped into shape
by a grilled sergeant, Cerco.
They want the fire plug to plug French into modern capitalism.
The French thing should be bound past the Celtic Tiger.
He wants to make people work and make more money,
so they said, one French professional woman I know,
the French are like children who love to be beaten.
Cerco is you saying, go do your homework or I'll beat you.
The French need to be told that.
They need to be beaten, you're right.
It'll be fascinating to why Cerco try to discipline the French
and change their psychology about work.
Well, they discipline him, burrowing in their Canombaerca coup
and chasing him while he did sigo.
The mood here was best summed up with a take on an old Betty Davis line,
John De Ormeson, a commentator in the figure-o-advised,
fastened your seat belts.
This will be quite a ride.
Not as good as the way I read that story with all the fraud words in it.
I'm so sorry, not.
I did better than some.
Worst and most and better than some.
And what were you going to say?
I wanted to thank Chick-fil-A for bringing in the monstrous load of food
because it's their 40th anniversary.
Because you always like Chick-fil-A.
Thank you so much.
And it's good and it's great.
And they're opening up free-standing restaurants all over the place,
including one in Miramar and they're given away a whole bunch of stuff.
And they brought in a ton of food enough to feed the Chinese army, my wife,
my mistress, everyone.
Thank you, Chick-fil-A.
Everybody loves Chick-fil-A.
Yeah, I love Chick-fil-A.
I never hate these days.
Very much.
And especially right now.
And how about Chris?
Is he going to be picking out in there or what?
Don't be with him.
Don't be with him.
Gonna be?
Chicken, baby.
Been there already in that.
Oh yeah.
Well, Chick-fil-A is not bad if it, you know, you don't need all the fixings, you know?
I just had a couple nuggets.
I got a couple.
I know.
I've seen a few.
I'm bad.
Oh, a lot.
1437 on the owner of an overactive sex drive.
C1325 for a 327.
What do I say?
327.
I got three to weigh.
Caving for food 205.
I'm not eating ice cream today, by the way.
You'll be pleased to know that.
Good.
I'm not eating no crap today.
I'm going to give me a good lunch.
In fact, I'm going to go to one of those delis that the guy was talking about.
The one that Rimmer took me to about 100 miles out of town.
Where they have the small tables that you bang your neon.
I'm the owner of an overactive nothing.
201.
Perfect people.
201 perfect people.
Fartmaker 164.
Imagination 131.
Overactive bladder 120.
Bottle 64.
That's not good if you're using that one.
Square routine.
Sweat gland 63.
Mental disorder 38.
Nervous system 32.
Impulse to call radio talk shows with nothing to say.
28.
C1325.
Perinoid 25.
Hyperconvier 8.
And thyroid.
Thyroid 6.
Out of 1437.
Did I say hyperconvier?
Whatever.
What would that be?
I know what hyperglocymia is and hyperglocymia.
And I know somebody who's really fat and probably got both of them.
Hey people, you snappy openers for their show segments.
Like that one to two-hour.
And it's just a nice piece where you grab a shirt, a suit.
And you can wear it around your gym into the area of your inner belt loop.
It's about looping.
And I'm creating my own...
Oh, hi!
It's my anniversary!
I've got the round, round, round face.
Oh my god, it's my hair's pulled back from...
Looks like the pumpkin.
See, that's me.
Everything that you see, you all warn me.
You all warn me.
You all see me wearing the exact jewelry.
And it's the same jewelry that the contestants have been wearing.
Oh, I'm ready to buy it right now.
Paula Abdul, she sure does it for me.
Not...
Does she do it for you?
No.
But do what?
I don't know.
She hasn't done anything yet.
You know, if you go...
Well, let me know if she doing it.
That's great.
1446, I think Chris is right.
I think we're on the verge of something.
Mediocrity.
1448.
What?
Told her.
Told me, well, we aren't there yet.
We still need 52 votes.
We got 58 minutes.
That's less than one minute.
I mean, if we can't do that, we might as well shut this baby down.
In fact, if they're going to leave this current management team in place,
we might as well shut it down anyway when you come right down to it.
In fact, when you come right down to it, think about a year and two-thirds.
Think serious.
You know, like a president of Sirius?
Yeah.
Take that.
That would be a good way to finish it.
Sure.
You wouldn't at last 15, 20, 20 years.
Instead of with a wipper.
Going on a year and then we could play that.
Oh, you can say, oh, and make the sound like this.
Right?
Not to mention that.
Not to mention that.
Two-year, two-wards.
Read it right now.
Don't get all whipped up into a frenzy just because you work for lunatics.
Okay?
For babbling idiots.
Well, what do you think, Neal?
What do you think we ought to be doing now that we're down?
And I would have 11 o'clock a night.
We got that point.
I got two-wards for you.
Okay?
TM.
Not Transcendental Meditation.
Transmitter Maintenance.
Two-wards and a decade of sanctions have led to a huge rise in the mortality rate among young children in Iraq,
leaving statistics that were once the envy of the Arab world, not comparable with those of sub-Saharan Africa.
A new report shows that in the year since 1990, Iraq has seen its child mortality rate soared by 125%.
The highest increase of any country in the world.
Its rate of deaths of children under five now matches that of Mauritania.
Jeff Makaski, head of the Health Force, saved the children's charity, which published a report said,
Iraq, Botswana, and Zimbabwe all have different reasons for making the least amount of progress on child's mortality,
whether it's the impact of war, HIV, age of the poverty, the consequences are equally devastating.
Yet other countries such as Malawi and the Prowel have shown that despite conflict and poverty child mortality rates can be reversed.
Figures correlated by the charity show that 1990 Iraq's mortality rate for under-fives was 50 per 1000 live births, in 2005 it was 125.
While many other countries have higher rates, Angola, Somalia and other Democratic Republic of Congo, for instance, all have rates above 200,
the increase in Iraq is higher than any place else.
Egypt and Indonesian Bangladesh have made the most progress in tackling child mortality, while Iraq Botswana and Zimbabwe have regressed the most.
Stations against Saddam Hussein's regime were imposed by the UN in 1990 after Iraq's invasion of Kuwait and remained in place until after the coalition invasion in 2003.
The sanctions encouraged by the U.S. is a means to topple Saddam, where some of the most comprehensive ever put in place and had a devastating effect on Iraq's infrastructure and health services.
Exactly how many children died because of sanctions is unknown, but a report that was not done from UNICEF suggested that between 1991 and 1998 an additional half a million children died, 500,000 count them.
Dennis Halliday who resigned as the UN humanitarian coordinator and protested the sanctions at the time, we were in the process of destroying an entire society, it's as simple and terrifying as that, it's illegal and immoral.
Kathy Kelly and anti-war campaigned with voices in the wilderness of last night, the punishment of children through the economic and military war against Iraq has been the greatest scandal.
Save the children's report, stayed by the world's mothers 2007, found the majority of children that's occurring just 10 countries, in those with large populations like India and China, or those with sparse health services like Afghanistan and Angola.
Age remains one of these central factors affecting mortality rates.
More than 10 million children under 5 age 5 still die each year, 10 million.
That's almost 28,000 today almost all in developing countries said the charity's US President Charles McCormick, vaccines or rehydration therapy and insecticide, freedom of mosquito nets are not expensive, yet sadly many mothers and children like access to these life saving measures.
Well, what's a few dead kids, you know, among friends?
Pathetic.
Hey, what time is dancing with the stars on it? Let's get out of the important stuff.
Oh boy, again, and the colds of baby.
And who's the father besides Dave Johnson?
Oh, there's that Andrea thing sustained winds of 45 miles an hour.
The wind's coming in with the storm, but eventually it is going to be bringing in some much needed rain and it's going to start to stall out in the rain very slowly across parts of Florida.
Hey, let me show you where it's going to be going. These are the stats on subtropical storm, Andrea. It's about 150 miles away from the home.
Oh, look at it. Look at the size of that.
It's going to start to drop southwest.
Oh my god.
It does that.
It's going to it's going to pitch a little bit. That's about what it's going to do.
It's going to get a little patient, reggae and patient.
You hear that sound?
Nope.
Or if you're going to go eat SN, reggae and SN, 1449, let's do a little bit of this stuff here.
Okay.
There's Savannah, Georgia.
Look at those. Look at the ocean there. Look at the waves. Not not too much.
Little surf.
You couldn't go surfing on those waves. I'll tell you that.
Even Brian Wilson wouldn't try with the teddy bear.
No.
Week 1449, I think Chris has got a point.
I think we're going to make it in spite of the fact that you're gorging all that food now.
From Chick-fil-A.
Are you letting him eat sandwiches and bread and stuff?
I don't monitor the stuff.
You don't monitor his eating meat.
I told you. I gave up like Jesus to me.
Jesus Christ, who are going to lose him too? First the thumper and then the Christ Christ.
How many fat people do you want me to try to save and fail?
The whole world.
Yeah.
I want you to save and I don't have the people right now including me.
Starting with me.
I'll be right there.
Me, me, me, me, like many ruins.
Remember Mimi Rogers?
Yeah, I do.
A federal judge yesterday threw up Cuban militant Luis Posada Cari-Less in debt
and accusing him of lying to immigration authorities.
He threw it out.
Posada, I wonder if he's related.
Every time I read that, I say the same damn thing because I'm stupid.
Is it about the Cassada?
I just can't stop thinking that.
And that was her name.
I keep saying, what was her name?
Well, that was her name.
Is it about the Cassada?
You idiot.
Got him.
Yes.
Posada, a 79 year old former CIA operative and fierce opponent of Fidel Castro,
was scheduled to stand trial next week in Texas on immigration fraud charges.
He said, quit wearing Texas in Texas.
Cuban Venezuelan, Posada extradited for the 76 bombing of a Cuban airliner.
But the U.S. has refused to stand to either country.
Who would want to go to Venezuela first of all?
And if he goes to Cuba, that's going to make him come and he's the bad guy, right?
Right.
Only Kami Pico's go there now.
And how's Fidel doing?
Are we still having any big parades about that?
What's the latest on that?
What's the latest and what's the greatest?
Nice potato time.
That's the way that song starts.
That is.
It's the latest and played again.
I'm sure that's how it is.
I can't.
Why not?
My computer's restarting.
Your computer's restarting.
What the hell does that mean?
Well, it got frozen up so I had to shut everything down and restart.
Oh, God, do I hate when that happens, man.
At that point, I want to kill Bill Gates.
Every time that happens.
Yes, I do.
To at least pee on his leg.
Both on his expensive suit.
1451 and a pole.
We got 41 minutes and we need 49 votes.
Now, see what I mean, Chris?
Your account, your votes before they hatch.
Before or hatch.
Will the team 50?
What?
We will do it.
49 votes we need in 51 minutes.
Did I say 41 minutes?
I was wishful thinking.
Will do it or not.
Speaking of dead people, saying he was deeply, deeply ashamed.
The US commander apologized and made $2,000 payments yesterday to family members of 19 Afghans killed in 50 injured by US Marines and an accident more than two months ago.
Colonel John Nicholson, the US brigade commander, told reporters that the march for incident and an Argahar province is still in investigation.
But the military decided to make the payments as a gesture of condolence.
I stand before you today deeply ashamed and terribly sorry that Americans have killed and wounded innocent Afghan people he said he told the family members.
We're sorry.
We're filled with grief and sadness of the death of any Afghan, but the death and wounding of innocent Afghans at the hands of Americans is a stain on our honor and on the memory of many Americans who've died defending Afghanistan, the Afghan people he'd be saying.
This was a terrible, terrible mistake.
In my nation, grieves with you if we were lost in suffering.
We humbly ask for your respect and forgiveness, he said.
He read the statement, the reporters via a video link from Afghanistan.
The apology comes amid growing anger in Afghanistan over civilian deaths and coalition military operations.
The US military is conducting a separate inquiry into allegations that some 50 civilians were killed April 28th and 30th in the western Afghanistan and fighting between US and Afghan forces and what they said were Taliban fighters.
And it goes on.
Just murder and bloodshed and butchery, just unbelievable.
Human sacrifice.
And Bob, you think we ought to have impeachment hearings.
What about, was there a blue dress, was there a stain on a blue dress?
What's the story about this?
You know, like that.
What did I do with my piece of copy here?
Don't tell me I pulled out the wrong copy.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Wouldn't that be like an emergency situation?
That'd be something.
But luckily I happen to have it right here in my hand and a copy too.
See then I could get, you know, while ballistic and blame someone like the sales department.
I'll say one thing, boy, are we sure?
And I also want to say this.
I don't want to get all, you know, bent out of shape.
There we go.
Well, no, go ahead.
It's the latest.
The latest number.
Let's get down.
Yay, yay, yay, yay.
Oh.
Now, why do you keep stopping it, it's so funky.
They're a bastard.
Yeah, it's so cold.
I was the guy's doing sloppy, Bill.
Okay, 1450, we'll kill him.
The uh, rejoins in the, the exit cues like, like this.
The biggest name, like.
Let's start to read a good on my nerves.
It's just me.
I mean, you guys got a great voice.
You guys sound like John Fassimli.
You know what we mean is just you.
You and everybody who enjoys radio,
but not the people here.
Oh, you just don't get it.
I don't want to get it.
I got it.
He wear of exploding balls.
Hello.
Oh, hi.
Is this Miss Candy?
Yes, it is.
Hi, this is Bruce.
Bruce?
Bruce Bayley.
Oh, you said it'd be all right to call you, so.
Oh, yes.
Hi.
Hi.
I feel like I just wanted to thank you for the other night.
And, yes.
Well, I think you're hot.
And, uh, well, I was just wondering.
Yes.
Can I take you to dinner?
From the back seat of your car to the dinner table, huh?
Well, yeah, that was quite a mess to clean up.
I got to tell you.
You know, Bruce, I'm not really a woman.
I know.
I know that's okay.
If I squint my eyes at 50 feet away, I can't tell.
And, it's just, uh, well, as a sports fanatic, I like that.
Something extra.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, just for the record, uh, I'm straight, you know.
Uh-huh.
I just didn't know before that, uh, that one.
Well, it's not important.
I just know I want to see you again.
Well, you know, Mr. Measley.
Oh, that's Beasley.
Bruce.
Beasley.
Yes, well, whatever.
I don't think that would be a good idea.
What?
You're turning me down?
Yes, you remember what I told you on my back seat?
Ah, Ola Sports Station, you know.
That's what I mean.
Chotscat Snippers are just a little too gay for me.
You're very.
118 at 5.60 W.A.M., 1454 were stuck on that.
We were rolling along, and I thought, maybe Chris is right.
Maybe we got a shot at 15.
And greatness on the Wednesday.
You know what?
We don't.
I mean, we do, but we don't.
We need 46 votes in 42 minutes.
I mean, again, that's just barely like one minute.
There's one.
You see what I mean?
At that ratio, the audience is zero letting us down.
Or they're just all gone, you know.
They've all gone to New York.
Robert Scheer writes, Bush alumns reap their rewards.
As Paul Wolfowitz twists in the wind after being found guilty in a World Bank investigation
public pay older to his girlfriend, it does seem that his career might finally be coming
to an end.
Ow!
Penny that the Iraq debacle, which Wolfowitz promoted, was not sufficient reason for removing him
from public office, instead President Bush rewarded Wolfie with a promotion and had the World
Bank.
Add him to the rapidly growing list of Bush alumns whose career trajectory suddenly plummets
upon the disclosure of a pattern of lying, obvious to most observers but not to the
president himself.
To understand why scum consistently rise into the surface of the Bush administration,
it's best to refer to the wisdom contained in the final memoir of the late great Kurt
Vonnegut.
In an excerpt published in 2006, Vonnegut observed that George W. Bush has gathered around
him most frighteningly psychotic personalities or PPs, PPs, the medical term for a smart,
personable people who have no consciousness.
How about to explain the unwavering arrogance of people, certainly Wolfowitz, for clearly
he's not alone in this administration who consistently get it wrong, it pile on undeterred
by the inconvenience of factor logic.
Most of us, once associated with the grievous distortions of evidence and our right lies,
justifying the invasion of Iraq, not to mention the hard waste and death attended upon
the subsequent occupation that Wolfowitz oversaw would feel the need to pause for a spell
of critical self-reflection.
Not so Wolfowitz, who unmoved by the death and destruction he wrought, sailed onto the
World Bank and announced that he would fight what he claimed was that venerable institutions
pensioned for yes, he used the word corruption.
Toward that end, he would bring with him a score of Pentagon underlings whose hands were
almost as bloody as his from the Iraq disaster.
One of them, Kevin Kellams, former spokesman for Vice President Cheney, son of a resign
is quarter of a million dollar a year job at the World Bank on Monday.
Another veteran from the Iraq buildup to be rewarded was Wolfowitz's lover, Shah Harisa,
his resident Muslim expert, who was promoted to a state department position paying more
than Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice Erads.
Not quite the 400,000 of Wolfowitz would be raking into the World Bank, but Risa's salary
had the advantage of being tax-free.
She's still technically a foreign national despite her access to near-sanked them of U.S.
security debates.
Such rich rewards for folks ostensibly fighting world poverty wouldn't seem troubling
to the PPs, Vonnegade referred to as their suffering from amelody that renders them morally
tone death.
Sighting what he calls the classic medical text on PPs, the mask of sanity, Vonnegade
noted in his custodians of chaos piece, some people are born deaf, some are born blind
or whatever, and this book is about congenitally defective human beings of a sort that's making
this whole country and many other parts of the planicle completely haywire nowadays.
These are people born without consciousness and suddenly they're taking charge of everything.
PPs are presentable, Vonnegade reminds us, less would be fooled by their equanimity on
talk shows, they know full well the suffering their actions may cause others, but they don't
care.
They can't care because they're nuts.
They have a screw loose.
Vonnegade includes the executives who gave us the Enron and World Com scandals with
the Neocons to indicate the malady's extent.
This could be dismisses the standard liberal clack trap, treating the comforts into victims
who's illness made them do it, but it offers observations as the most plausible explanation
of the headlong pursuit of disaster for themselves in the planet on the part of these
otherwise canny overachievers.
Yes, their man density does often catch up with them and folks like Wolfowitz do not tend
to be well regarded after they've lost the perks of power.
The problem is that the truth arrives too late to prevent considerable suffering.
Indeed, Wolfowitz's embarrassment at the World Bank is a minor inconvenience compared
with the appropriate when he should be receiving after each day's dose of disaster news from
Iraq disproves the cakewalk of a regime change that he had so assuredly promised.
Then too, this lying loud will no doubt be rewarded with something similar to the former
million-dollar contract that former CIA director George Centauri's in the receive to share
a few details of how he went about betraying us.
Says Robert Sheer, he's good man.
He's good.
He tells us like it is and there's your Fag Governor.
Mayor Heldrich and Mayor Sres, your local people.
I just like to thank the Governor for coming.
Well, she's not like a jockey.
Check out our situation as well.
That's what his boyfriends always say.
I want to thank the Governor for.
But most importantly, I want to thank our local firefighters.
I'm just from the surrounding cities that have come to help us.
I know that.
Dropping his pants.
He's even working tirelessly.
And I even know where it's from.
I think he's not like a jockey like a munchkin.
Nothing funny about those Florida wildfires and they show them and then they show that swirling
thing there, that alba, alma, whatever the thing is.
Yeah, whatever.
Oh, man.
I'll tell you one thing.
It's not the place to be today, Florida.
It'd be a lot safer to be in a place like Toronto.
You know where they have those great delis that I was talking about the one from the satellite.
Oh, brother.
Woo!
Were you there?
Well, yeah, you work because it was the Bob Lincoln days.
That was happening simultaneously with the Vegas disaster.
I had the satellite disaster.
We've got good money on the table.
Those were the Mike Disney days.
I refused to do that commercial.
I refused to endorse that situation as Bill Campbell would say.
1466, we got on the pool.
I don't know.
I think we got a shot.
The confidence is pretty mediocre.
Is this the new DLL after you?
I mean, it always just happened every year for as long as I can remember.
But it always like a shock to my sister.
And don't I always say what this is the time of the year that's the most deadly as soon
as Easter and pace off are all of them.
Man, they fly away like there's enough of them who will boobonic play or like there's
wildfires in the Everglades or a big storm brewing up there by Joe J and Jacksonville and
Savannah.
It's still 1466 though.
See, when I click that thing and there's no new hosts coming in on the pool, it makes
me feel very insecure and very angry.
You believe me?
No.
Anyone know why I know?
It's payday.
It's payday and I'll select it and show it to a clock.
I'm going to go get me a really fine lunch.
See that's NEO.
It's all he does is talk about the pool and how much longer before it to a clock and the
vacation is next vacation.
Remember that thing the other day?
Yes.
That was really special.
I was from your buddies and boyfriend again.
You know your buddy?
That will.
Can you a better clue than that?
How about that?
Hi, Sally.
That one.
See, they just don't, I mean, it's pretty simple to change the header on the faxes.
But yeah, when you're sloppy and careless and also demented, it's still 1466.
Chris, what are we going to do?
You've been our lean on these bastards, man.
We need them now badly.
We need some of these people to vote again, even though it's a, I guess they probably
tear to the pool, it's been on there since yesterday of what time?
Loving the clock, something like that?
Yeah, about that.
Wow.
I think maybe it's just, it's wearing on them.
It's wearing a little bit thin.
Maybe I'm wearing a little bit thin on them.
I wish I was a little bit thin.
You know, 160.
Do you think I could do it?
You can do it.
By win, by the end of the year?
Sure.
Well, I got a good idea.
Let's, I mean, give me, give me, let's see, it's the middle of May, April.
Oh, June, July, August, September, October, November, December, December, November.
Oh, 10 months.
Until the 32nd anniversary on March 1st.
On March 1st of 2008, if I can get on the scale and be 160, or there are about us within,
you know, five either way.
Yeah.
Oh, I don't want to go under that.
If I got to be like 150 pounds, which was my ideal weight supposedly for my height in my
old 40-year frame.
But if I got one, I would look like, you know, a skeleton.
And that would not be good.
Because the next time we laid eyes on me, he'd say, oh, what happened to the old man?
He looks like a skin and bones, you know, like that.
I don't want to be like that.
Because part of my time, it's like when people say, oh, I like you better when you were
fat.
Don't you hate that?
Uh, fat people, I think, would be the ones saying.
Yeah, I used to like you better when you were fat.
Now they look pretty good.
I hate you because I'm jealous and I look like crap, you know.
There's your governor with a white hair.
He's smiling and smirking and like inhaling the fumes.
Hopefully a lot of them.
1470 on there.
We got 34 minutes.
We need 30 votes.
The pressure is on.
I don't want to play that execute.
It's really it's bugging me.
And now here's another exciting offer from Video Treasure Chest, just in time for Bernie
Kuffell's birthday.
The loveboat was about life on a romantic cruise ship.
But the pilot episode featured a ship that wasn't nearly as nice as this lost classic
shows.
I am Julia Krunz director.
Welcome aboard.
Yes, I'm an Aralvier.
Gonna make a story that's stupid.
I know that I'm stupid.
Wow, works your way for Hasing.
I'm stupid.
What is that for?
I'll screw you.
I need that stupid job.
Is there a problem?
Get the stupid.
Who is the buggy?
I have the ones that's buggy.
Thank you.
I hate all of you.
Hey, look me.
I hate this ship.
Yeah, well, I love you.
Oh, shut up.
The original pilot for the loveboat, the Loadsboat, can be yours for just 1995 in local
video stores.
Video Treasure Chest.
We've got rooms of this crap.
You know, I got Panic here and I dumped a guy and he said, I loath the ship and I thought
he said something else.
Really?
Well, I couldn't take no chance in my pants, you know what I mean?
I do understand.
He said, I loath the ship.
We're all tense these days.
You know, these video treasure chests, do you play these at all?
I haven't played these at all.
Some of them are in trouble.
Here's another exciting offer from Video Treasure Chest.
Just the entire for Elizabeth, my government, he's worth that.
And also, wow.
Man, there's some good golden nuggets in here, man.
Not like the nuggets you had for lunch, but almost in here.
We're heading up for lunch.
Dinner.
And an occasional snack.
Victory session.
I haven't played that.
Let me, let's do that the rest of the week.
We've placed our way, haven't played a long time.
And also the stuff we can't play anymore.
Oh.
1478, man, that's great.
We got, I think we'll do it, Chris.
This is one of those where you scratch your heads.
I don't know.
And of course, the audience is thinking, well, what difference does it really make?
Oh, it makes a lot of difference to us.
They do it on purpose.
Do you think so?
I think they have meetings.
They sit around the big square table in Ojos and all the community leaders get together.
Or speaking of community leaders, Medley Town Councilor, Town Councilman, excuse me,
Eugene, Edvin Cula was arrested today.
Is that almost sounded like a dirty word there?
Edvin Cula.
Yeah, yeah.
Was arrested after, what?
That's his name.
I can't help that.
Was arrested today after he accepted a $10,000 bribe in exchange for helping a local
businessman get a business license from the town, the state of Trinney's Orphus, be
announced him.
Edvin Cula didn't realize that the transaction was being monitored by Dave Police.
He's tipped off after the businessman contacted a local prosecutor.
Edvin Cula faces a minimum of 21-man-sen state prison of convicted of the unlawful compensation
charge.
A secondary felony has been on the Medley Town Council for 14 freaking years.
How do you like that?
Eugenio.
Is it Eugenio or Eugenio?
Eugenio.
Okay.
Is it?
I don't know.
Well, what do you mean you don't know?
The J.S. pronounced silent and the G is like G and it is G-W.
Eugenio.
As in jalapeno, C.
I see.
And the G is like Eugenio.
Either way, Eugenio.
Like as in Borrelay.
Eugenio.
Like Hema Tree.
C.
Like Hema Rebern.
Uh-huh.
All of these things.
1478.
I clicked that baby.
It still says 1470.
And I'm pretty pissed off about it.
Then we got to go through such stress and pressure just to get to 1500.
I said 17 to begin in the show because we started with 1200-nate votes from...
What a memory I got.
You know what I mean?
For insignificant crap.
I know you feel.
I really do.
I have a very, very good memory for stuff.
Like people I went to school with.
Like Ricky Goldstein.
And Richie Kiston-Blatte.
Who?
That was like in the fifth grade in Rochester, New York at Brighton Elementary School.
Yeah.
You know, I haven't seen a Jimmy Allison.
He was my best friend and he comes out.
What are you laughing about?
Nothing.
I was just going to ask if you were a wheat bloke.
I wish.
Can we turn the clock back?
He was like, what word did you say?
You heard no.
What word did you say, Mr. I didn't say it.
You blow.
14.
That's what Joe Bell said.
Yeah.
Screw him.
What a clown.
What a clown.
A lot of clowns around town these days.
I'll tell you that.
A lot of people are practicing.
Emma Kelly would be proud, man.
Practicing their clown routine.
Joker's fools and clowns.
Yes, right.
I had a couple of clown messages this morning, some real clown stuff.
It's just the time for the clowns.
Send in the clowns, baby.
Send in the clowns and put on your crown and sit down.
14.
79.
We need 21 votes and 25 minutes to get to 15.
Then Chris will feel better.
But you know, I'm watching this thing about Romney's religion, about being a mora, a Mormon.
Why does anybody care?
I mean, so at least I mean, we get selected and everybody would have to wear magic underwear.
But sure, it's wrong with that.
He kind of looks like a milk kiper.
I don't know what milk kiper looks like.
Although I did see him on the air that day, but I forgot real quick, because it's a sports nerd thing.
Be happy.
But I saw him that day that they kept showing Brady Quinn with his very pasty marginal girlfriend and a...
And milk kiper, I thought he was going to have a stroke.
And Steve Young was foaming at the mother.
How could the dolphins do this and what you know they needed a franchise quarter back?
And just carrying on like a maniac.
And I thought to myself, hey Steve.
Too fairy.
Wow.
Now he's another Mormon.
When you think he went to Brigham Young, does that automatically mean you were Mormon?
If you went to Brigham Young, is that not true?
Not necessarily, but most likely.
Steve Young's a Mormon.
I've heard they were going off too.
There used to be a lot of rumors about that child, Steve Young.
A lot of rumors about these quarterbacks.
You know, they put their hands under a guy's ass.
And right away people start wondering, what is that all about?
You know, got his hands under the guy's ass there grabbing that ball.
You know, it's something very, very gay about that.
And then we see the Brady Quinn picture where he isn't have his hands under any guys ass.
He's got his hands right on there.
Yeah.
That's right.
On their privates.
Look at that.
Apprindions of the Mormon Church.
35% say it's not Christian.
And the full on CNN.
It's not a Christian religion.
Well, what difference is it?
In fact, you know, something that makes him more appealing to me.
Not that I would ever vote for him, but he's a phony baloney.
Who changes his opinions on everything from minute to minute.
1481.
And boy, are we having fun?
We need 19 votes in 24 minutes.
You know, how many times have I said I'm never taken a call again?
100 times.
And now, what's your take?
I think we're doing just fine.
I'm doing just fine.
It's been just fine, although nothing was quite like, you know, the first two hours.
Well, you know, something, there's a time, there's a time to fold,
and a time to hold, and a time to be bold, and a time, in my case, to be old.
And then there's a time to catch cold.
And some people on this station and management couldn't come in out of the cold,
like William Henry Harrison, you know.
We've gotten pneumonia because he gave us an inaugural address standing out in the cold,
in the rain and freezing cold.
I can't understand why the president's got pneumonia in croak, you know,
William Henry Harrison, typical New and Tyler too.
I guess they tipped his canoe.
So the fact that Sharpton comes in and opens up a big, bigoted mouth,
he is the Reverend Al Sharpton, of course.
I notice they've dropped that.
Every time they referred him, he's just playing Al Sharpton.
But he's the Reverend, which is, that's code for bigoted.
You know, bigoted.
You show me somebody that's one of these religious getkeys, man,
and I'll show you a real full-class bigot, like a Louis Ferricon, for example,
with that gutter religion crap, you know.
1482, now that's only 10 years before Columbus said sale,
what do you think they were doing on those ships by the way, and then,
how long did it take them?
You're a great scholar of history and crap.
Plural months.
I don't know exactly how many months.
Well, how many?
I don't know, a couple.
I can look it up.
I think that's then nice to be given me the March 1st and next year
to A still be alive and B get down to 160.
I, you know, you don't want to lose it too fast because then it comes back real quick.
And in fact, you know something?
I would say that's the worst part of the I can die.
And it's very effective and it works, and it's real good for your triglycerides,
your blood sugar is good for a lot of things.
But, cluster all excellent.
But, it's one diet that, when you go off it, you can gain back everything you lost in some very, very fast.
Maybe faster than any other I've ever been out of my life.
Why is that?
I don't know.
I read about a blog about it.
Why are you doing that, kids, by the way?
I'm just a curiosity.
I got some baggage I wanted to drop.
You got some bags?
Yeah.
Old bags?
Yeah.
What's wrong with Cita?
Sure.
Drop her ass.
Love to.
1483, we need 17 votes in 21 minutes.
If we can't do that, I got news for 1130 tomorrow, we're out of here.
Isn't that something we're out of here?
I want to have tomorrow.
If we love the Marlins, they are the best.
They won last night.
They pulled it out, baby.
They won.
We're in Marlin, bandwagon, at least through tomorrow.
After that, screw them.
I'm a Roger's God.
They say they'll keep up all their inquiries
Until they expose all the secrecy.
They're not hearing what they want to hear.
Because no one talks while under open air.
Is it true the FBI know about the threats?
Yes.
CIA make judgments that they now regret.
Faults, the anti-terrorism bomb losses.
We just need more answers from the men
Who's key we need to know?
We need to know.
What first knew about 911?
We need to know.
We need to know.
We need to know.
What first knew about 911?
We need to know.
Okay, 144.60, tilt-2, and my dog comes on.
And we have 1487, Chris.
We need 13 votes in 16 minutes.
Can we do it?
That I bet you're pardoned?
Yes.
Well, you said that very confidently like you know something.
By the way.
Yeah.
Two months, like I said, from August 3rd to October the 12th.
Is what?
Columbus's voyage.
The first one.
Oh, you Google it?
Yeah, yeah, of course.
Why can't believe you made that happen?
We still need 13, by the way, Chris.
It's not looking too promising.
They're not coming through for us like the audience usually does.
Calm down.
14...
Why?
By the way, something.
Yeah.
I didn't know this.
The first European to cite a Mary-Aid.
To see the one that was up in the crow's nest that said land hoe.
Nappy editor.
Yeah.
I rod rigas.
Alex rod rigas?
No.
Oh, A rod rigas.
Is that like A-fosition?
Is that like A-fosition?
Like my, uh, well, I got that one in the thing.
I got to play a little bit of that.
I just got one.
I just love that.
That's one of my all-time favorites.
And I don't play very much because only the people that were listening back in the packs and I would eat these.
And all of that's all about it.
Linda energy, baby.
She had the energy and she had the ball-crap and she was swimming.
Ten, ten, ten.
You're a girl, girl, girl.
Ten, ten.
You're a girl.
She said I was two old days.
Ten, ten, ten.
You're a girl, girl, girl.
Four of me.
Now she's got these of dumb days.
I got them from Linda energy.
My goal's to jump down.
Oh, man.
You got to admit those were some pretty unusual days, you know what?
Not that these aren't.
Those were unusual in kind of a different way.
Yeah, in a much different way.
These are unusual in that they're just inexplicable.
They're really un-believeable.
I was saying I can't split them.
Yeah, while you're a little split anyway.
I know.
Fourteen ninety.
Over only two years before Columbus is a maiden voyage.
The Nine of the Pinta and the Sinta Marinta.
I really did.
Her name was Edith Felfer.
What?
That was my eighth grade teacher.
What?
History, whatever she was.
Did you help her out?
Edith Helfer.
She was a nasty old dyke.
Oh, man, was she a miserable?
And don't worry, I can call her a dyke because she's been dead a long time.
And plus she wasn't dyke.
Oh, all those old dykes, man.
We used to think they were like old maids.
Well, the world maids were like for real.
Fourteen ninety-nine.
We're going to do it.
Oh!
Man, I thought we were going to, and of course you notice how I changed the goal there.
And I'm not even talking about it.
It's called a little bait and swish, you know.
I mean, 1700.
If we could go for 1700, I'd be like, uh, crying on my soup right now.
Yes!
Fourteen ninety-nine.
Yes!
Let me know when we hit it there, Chris.
Come on.
We're waiting for that fifteen hundredth vote.
And if we could find out who it was, we'd send them a zillion dollars in small bills.
Dang, the only problem is we can't find out who it is.
We'll check your IP address and send you a quarter.
Fifteen hundred.
Fifteen hundred.
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Yes!
Do you like it?
And that's with thirteen minutes to spare.
We're so overworked, I think we have to leave right now.
Let's hand it over to the mad dog and, uh,
so what's all this business that all these people are saying?
Is this just more crapping agitated by the idiots across the street?
We're trying to sing a song because they had one bogus month there in January in the book.
What crapper are you talking about?
About mad dog and, uh, Curtis and all this other crappies.
You know, nothing would know.
No, not that I would.
Because we know.
You know, because I'm out of here, I go to lunch, you know, and I wouldn't be listening anyway.
Because it's a sports show.
Fifteen oh five, but they came through with a big clump there at the end.
You ever get a big clump at the end?
All the time.
Wow!
So let's read the results of this world famous, uh, Paul Holy moly.
This wasn't easy, I'll take it that.
This took all the perspacacity, all the tenacity, all the foolishness, all the shamelessness on my part.
I'm shameless, all right.
An idiot, shameless old fool.
Didn't Rick Nelson say that?
Shameless old fool.
I'll find out.
Who's a fool?
For a little fool.
You got that?
I don't think you got it.
Because you're, you got a very nice, yeah.
You don't have a cell phone before?
Poor little fool.
No, I don't think so.
You don't know that song?
Poor little fool.
I got poor Russian, and then he goes, uh-huh.
Pools Russian?
That wasn't a big hit.
It was okay.
Elvis did that two fools Russian.
Oh, God, oh my.
Yeah.
It's kind of a nasty guitar.
Poor Russian.
Oh, but he felt it out of it.
I had no.
That song.
Well, what else you got, Rick Nelson?
Just that?
Dude, I got all of it.
You know you don't even know that.
Or not that.
It's up in you.
It's you.
I got this.
He bought paper.
I also have.
It's late.
Later than you think, Yo-Bel.
It's late.
I think the close-up.
Oh, I believe you just said.
Don't worry, that was my song.
I like that.
Bull's Russian.
I just thought of play that.
See if you can name these tunes.
I have no idea what that is.
For you.
What?
For you?
Yeah.
This one everyone knows this one.
This one will be the only one anybody knows.
Garden party, right?
I like that.
I like that.
Oh, excuse me.
In memory of our good friend, Garden party.
Yeah, excuse me.
You laid me.
That I love you.
Oh, that is so.
That's enough of him.
Okay.
I like.
Oh, here we go.
I like this.
Hello, Mary Lou.
Change your name to Mary.
Yeah.
Okay, that's enough.
That's enough.
Rick Nelson.
Okay, you did.
Remember what you did.
You weren't there working when I had his sons on the Nelson twins, the Nelson's?
I was there, but not a lot of people were showing.
And I had them on the ear on the phone and I asked them.
Right.
And I forget what I was talking to, but I'm some...
Gardener, is that the one?
Yes.
I guess I was there.
I guess I was there.
And I asked them something about if I...
I don't know.
Some sexual kind of thing.
Some fag thing.
He said, well, we beat the crap out of you.
That's great.
And I said, well, you just stay there in California, sweetheart.
And I'll just watch you on TV.
And they didn't have that one good song.
And I hear something about I got that somewhere.
The Nelson's.
What was that something about the rain?
Two stupid to come in from the rain?
They find this one.
You got it?
After the rain?
That's it.
That was pretty good song.
Hey.
Is that...
There's no Rick Nelson.
1512.
You know what?
They're most still alive.
You have to they don't look good anymore.
You hear how I talk to them?
They didn't add anything they ever read.
They looked at me.
Good.
I'm glad to hear you today.
It's just had long hair.
They had long, flowing, blonde hair.
I think that only this was their bigger hair.
Oh, this is the good one.
I love it.
Oh, that's a good song.
You know, I don't mind this.
In a syrupy, pop.
Yeah.
When it's hard, it's good.
It's alright.
What is this called?
Love and affection.
I used to be tired of it now.
I'm tired of it because I haven't heard it in a long time.
Yeah, they have a big, big smash.
They have good harmony.
They'll give them that.
Yeah.
They'll be, uh, so about five minutes.
You remember that?
Yeah.
Okay, that's enough.
Look at that.
Well, the gas of price of gas reached $4 a gallon this year.
79% of Americans say yes and 21% say no.
It's looking bad.
Thank you, Mr. President, for those low-gas prices.
You best start, or you butcher, you're murderer, or you?
I wonder if he and O.J. walk into the same restaurant who gets seated.
1,513 boats.
I am the owner of an overactive sex drive, 342.
You butcher.
I'm going out looking for the Nelson's right now.
I'm a little bit too old for me now.
Nothing overactive with me.
216.
Perfectly normal.
Yeah, we believe you.
Not craving for food to 13.
Fartmaker 167.
Imagination 137.
Bladder 124.
Bowel 69.
Well, that's my favorite station, Bowel 69.
Sweat gland 66, mental disorder 42, nervous system 35, first 29.
Impostical radio talk shows with nothing to say.
29.
There are a few of those around.
Perinoia 26, hypoconry 11, and thyroid only 7.
Even the fattest of the fattic even upon that tired old excuse,
because nobody ain't buying it.
And go as one of the few more of you have.
Baby, aren't you a couple of missiles?
Tour to place we know.
And aim a madame fella, whose first name begins with you.
There's one thing we all understand.
There's a volcano won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Oh, Right.
We could chase and round forever, with our tanks and all our troops.
Always special forces are so tired of jumping through them loops.
If no, we need another plane
That's a little bit
So let's cut out all the nonsense
And go blow up Pakistan
Oh, don't, don't, don't
How pain and ease and nuclear pain
Why don't we stop pussy-flut
Why don't we blow up Pakistan
Absolutely correct
Oh, don't, don't, don't
Boom, boom, boom
Bye, bye, bye
