Spyder you're faster
Mhhhh
Mhhhh
Loh
Moooray
Jason had this beautiful hat on his wings
Feelin' oro
O Karena
Jason's got his poor wings
Jason had this beautiful hat
Mhmm
No one cares this raiding heart
No one cares this life of love
No one cares how it's a star
Jesus is doing alright
Oh yeah, Jesus is doing alright
Woo
Jesus is doing alright on screen
Jesus may do a scene
Well yeah
Jesus may spin on some TV
Jesus is doing alright
Oh yeah
No one cares what the critics say
No one cares what the critics do
Jesus has had a big play day
Jesus is doing alright
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah
10 to 5.60 WM, it's Friday, April 6th
I'm not here at 1 o'clock, I'm getting out of here
And George is here till at 2 o'clock for the duration
We do have a marlin game though, but it's not till a pregame until 630
That's the bad news, sorry
Sorry
It's okay
What happened to George?
He's in the other room in the engineering room
He's in the engineering room doing what?
You know, hanging out with Steph
And he just came rushing
He come running back in here like a
Oh sorry, it was a software version
I just welcomed you back in the engineering room
What a jackass man
Well I tell you, Josh did a great job this week
I know, he always does
And he was always there every time I was talking to him
I thought maybe we had a permanent dropout
No, I just need to do a resolve something really quickly
Resolve what?
A software issue
A software issue my ass
Probably
By the way, I'm a little bit disappointed
Now there's about, oh I don't know, maybe 3 or 4 people on there
But you know, the usual suspects my close personal friends on there
And who said, hey, you have a great vacation in a wonderful time
We're gonna miss you well
I'm gonna be in touch with everybody anyhow
Cause I'm probably spending hours at the internet cafe
Confedulating with all my close personal friends
Don't you think? Maybe not hours, you know, a couple of seconds
Now when you take your blockberry over there to Europia
Yes
We're just fine
Well there you go then
Well, what are you asking?
Well I can't handle that
I don't have internet cafe, I can't do that
I can do my Myspace and your face on our place
That's what I'm saying
Right here on my blockberry, I can do that
I don't know
Well you're sitting there watching the people walk by
No, I don't think it, although it's gonna be in the 50s over there
It's not too bad
But I'm not gonna be sitting outside at any of those tables outside, out, out, out
It's just not a good idea
In the summertime, sure
There's on the dam rack there's tons of very, very, very, very interesting people walking by all the time
And then there's tons of really bizarre people walking by too
Like what, what that? What was that?
Yeah, I'm gonna be really disappointed if I don't get a real big bunch of messages on there saying
Hey, you have a wonderful, yeah, cause it's gonna tell me that some of these people aren't, you know
Aren't what they claim to be, you know what I mean?
Now our mutual friends, Cisco, last night he wished me a wonderful trip on Yadiyah, that's for you, Cisco
And for your buddy, Viraj, to whatever's name, another one I'm Indian guys
Mmm, mm, mm, mm, my, my, my, but anyway
I said I wanna embarrass these people
But there's a whole bunch, now goofy Eric who keeps changing his profile picture
Now he's the pissed off caveman
He hasn't said to have a wonderful, uh, it's that we have
I'm just imagining this is a passing, what?
I'm sure it's just a matter of time
Or not, okay let's take a look at the poll from yesterday besides you know trying to, trying to like a drum up a little bit love from the crowd out there
It's not 40, you're not gonna get no love
You're just gonna get ignored, you're gonna get shined, you faddle, faggot, that's all I know
This poll was so bad that in fact, did you look at the result from this? Probably not
No
I don't, maybe you can refresh my memory but I don't think we ever had a poll where 37.8% said they hate, they were five hates on there
Wow, so whoever made the poll and it was university dodging and were they don't do any work?
They knew that they were gonna get a lot of votes on that and they did
I would gladly work extra hours to avoid blank and I hate hate hate hate this poll, five of them, 471
37.8% wins hands down your pants, not even close out of 1246 votes
They hated it, man, they despised it, blah
I gladly work extra hours to avoid going to the dentist 154
Spending time with my in laws 136, I think the poll concept wasn't all that bad but the choices sucked big time
Spending time with my in laws 136, entertaining out a town company 124
Going to visit out a town family 110, going to a Marlins game 107
Don't forget about my tickets by the way, grab a break by the neck and say you better get those damn tickets in the mail or that old fag is gonna be really pissed off
I'll see you if I see him
Going to home to the wife and kids 72, going to a Panthers game 62
You better go to some of those because I don't think they're gonna be wrong too long, I could be wrong about that
I think that's what they call it, ill-fated franchise, the Panthers
And I'd gladly wear extra hours to avoid going to my kids' little league game 10
That's a real crappy parent
To avoid going to his kids' little league game, that's a bad parent
What kind of a parent would work extra hours?
And we had a poll while you were gone, we did the one about girls that put out on the first date, I told you about that
And also, when I wish I had more time to blank and one of the choices was work, 38 people said I wish I had more time to work
Huh?
Exactly, what was their job being?
I don't know, maybe they're more in a prostitute, I don't know
Maybe something very satisfying that I don't know, illuminating
I don't know, but I was just shocked to be gone hell
No kidding
Wish I had more time to work
I'm just trying to think of what job that would be that would be so fun, you wish I had
Like I said, who in a prostitute, and you miss Gwen, who came in with a food on Wednesday?
Oh, she actually did come in?
No, no
What do you mean, she, there is no such person
I see, that's what I thought we understood
Yeah, and there is no Chris, I suspected right from the very beginning, and you did too
Right
See, the one thing when they start protesting a lot and they write you back, oh geez, you keep questioning my existence
Yeah, because we know you're fraud and the fake, and you got all those celebrity pictures on your profile
When somebody's got nobody but celebrities, and then the dark goddess that George is all whipped up about
One that I ever say anything about the dark goddess
I don't know, you said that you were communicating with her or something like that
Okay, doesn't that what you said?
He was always using her as the adjustment for why he really exists, he don't exist, and whatever
She's a chick in Spain, I thought in England
I don't know
Oh, there's a message right there, see that, see what I mean?
This is what I like, is people that really respond right away
And this is from Daniel, and Daniel says, good morning Neil, I'm sure you're enjoying today's, you'll be enjoying your vacation right after end and during four
No, it's not
Four painful hours of reading about and dealing with morons, no actually it's only three hours
I'm out of here at one Daniel, enjoy yourself, have a wonderful and pleasant trip from a Julio who still needs a peer
Isn't that sweet? I like that, I'm going to click that and approve it right on it
Thank you Daniel, see he responded
Where's my buddy Ricky? How come he hasn't said, hey, I have a wonderful time over there across the pond
And do lots of perverted things and stuff like that, come on Ricky
It's just a question like in South Florida, they care enough to send their very best, that's the question
Do you know what I mean? What do you mean in my ex? Do you think my expectations from people are too high?
I mean people are working with some of them, although it is good Friday
Now I know what I wanted to ask you about before any answer is yes by the way
Answers yes what? Do you have expectations of other people?
My expectations are unrealistic
Right, if you have expectations they're unrealistic
Well I have some very good friends on there who are very, you know, in touch and wish me only the best, at least from a distance
See it doesn't hurt to wish me best from a distance because I can't reach out and grab you around the neck and do, you know, discussing things to you
From you know, 1200 miles away, it's just not easy, it's more comfortable
Now here's the poll today
And this one, I don't know what the deal is because I guess because it's good Friday
Don't let me forget to ask you about that washing the feet business that they were showing on the news
This has something to do with Jesus
Well I don't know, you're asking me, you're the Catholic, I don't know what the hell I saw
I'm a Catholic boy
And they showed the Pope was watching some, washing some altar voice foot
And he wouldn't let the kid kept trying to like pull the foot away and he wouldn't let go
Jesus Christ
Jesus the ugly kids
The ugly kids he gave like a little quick smear and like yeah, yeah
But this, I didn't see the face that he really cute
Did he suck on his toes?
Oh, I got a great line for that
Because that's the end
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
You don't know if they're clean without the taste of it
Bob says, wanted you to have an awesome vacation, have a good time and we'll miss you while you're gone
Thank you Rob, see that's, that's my body stuff there
See, the way they come through, you're so, you're so negative and right and rightfully so by the way
Because when you got 1300 and 9 friends and so far like four or five of them, I would say about a half a dozen
I mean, what difference does it make if they wish me a happy vacation?
It just shows to me that they care
It's not going to make for a better time
It's going to put me in a better frame of mind which they don't want
They sure don't want that
Now maybe at 12.50 they'll do that
But certainly I want them sitting here ready to do three hours of caustic ripping and whatever puking and whatever I'm going to be doing
Huh?
Like that
Oh, speaking of that, speaking of caustic ripping and puking, way through the schedule there
We got mad dog at the amastas and Augusta again between two and four
Not in wrong with that
It's right
You know it's golf of course
Oh my god
Then wait till you hear this
Four till five, it says on the schedule here the power hour with Joseph Gackie and the Marlins round table
Here's the Gackie sucks, okay?
Uh huh?
Yeah
I have no idea what that means
The Marlins round table has to be confused with the square table which I guess they took out of the building after they schmucked
Can that from the Kenyan Boa disaster morning show
And when we're with Kenyan again this morning Chris
He's still at that uh, whatever it's called, places
Jesus and man that schedule doesn't really put you into a coma
Joseph Gackie all by himself at five o'clock till six thirty at Dolphin Stadium
And what we all called your rivalry stadium and of course they can stick that Dolphin Stadium where the moon don't shine
Marlins on deck at six thirty Marlins in the Philadelphia Phillies the home opener at seven o'clock
All right
Panther preview meanwhile will be farmed out to 1360 WKAT and the Panthers in Lightning a meaningless game for the Panthers at seven thirty
If I look get by game that would be K at gate H
These also gonna be out there at the ballpark
Aren't you gonna be out there for opening a day opening home game?
You're talking to Chris right?
No I'm talking to you
Don't forget I'm serious make sure that what's his name?
What's his name?
Ray Perry
Ray Perry
Why do I have a mental block? He's not a bad guy
He's always very friendly to me when I'm there and always comes in and shakes my hands and says who are you?
He's these are right
Hey, he's old man like me. He's old. He's got old timers disease. That's the problem
Now did I do that? I didn't do the poll yet after the breakout give you the runs down
And I sure hope we get to a thousand by one o'clock
We got six twenty four. I think there's slim chance on that when you
Right
Oh and here's here's one from a heel
Ha ha ha ha ha
Heal writes to Neil. I don't even know who that is
It says why does the show sound so much better when Josh is in the studio
The content is fun when George is there it seems to be dry
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
Now let me take a look and see who oh well during the break I'll do it
He says you ought to heal
Hey Chris get the leash off for George and let's see if he'll heal during the break
It's stuck to our Friday you bastard
Four holes are straight
And another happy
And we're just waiting to stay home all alone
We're in our scary
Disport-packing home mode
Just my life is when you look under the rug
There are plenty
You ask a girl out for a day
Manly face
Merchipping and who play games
Come tuck in
What they're straight
So let's say
Four holes are straight
And our record for runs
The posters and bats leave the door in their walls
On a choking head
The crunches will be tight
Fragile themselves to men who play with balls
They like training
Big sweating men that tank
Very straight
Tuck in batman all day
Now that's gay
Now that's gay
Very gay
I was feeling that this British sailor that they've had on here for hours
He was one of the ones he was interrogated and I bet they did some other things
They've poked and proged
Because he actually is pretty good looking guy until he opens up his mouth and sees British
Is he got the bad teeth or what?
I don't know don't they
We're watching on CNN and they got him on there
And he's a pretty human looking guy for a Brit
Can do a little work on the eyebrows though sweetheart
Anyway Jonathan B says you've earned it big guy
Well I'm always worried about big guy that sounds so gay
Sorry Jonathan B
He says especially working at that place
If you find any common sense over there please bring some back
We need all that help we can get
Thank you Jonathan
That's really sweet
And the crazy Eric also sent along another posting
So you never I'm sure you probably never go on this page do you?
No
Oh
Well there's some interesting postings on there
There's one with George Bush is dancing and prancing and stuff like that
You remember George Bush?
Who?
What a guy who thought he used to be the president
Anyway I'll read all of those as they come by
So let's go back to the thing about washing the feet
Now you kind of tapped in on the main two you cut me off
You don't really know
You don't really know what I mean
I mean you don't really care
I do want of course I want to know
Alright here it is
Jesus washed the disciples feet
To symbolize what they should be doing with their followers
That they should serve their followers
And since foot washing was while it was customary
It was considered a very menial thing
You know you got to you got to squat down and get on your hands and knees
In front of somebody who's sitting down and washed their feet
He thought that it would be an appropriate symbol for the gesture
Whatever
That this is what they should be doing with their followers
And so
Yeah
The disciples and anyone else who pretends to be a clergyman
Has to symbolically do that in the cat licking church
I thought it was kind of strange
So when the Pope was washing up one kid's foot
He wouldn't let go and he said to him
Do you like it?
I thought that was kind of interesting
Maybe the kid was ticklish
He said he'd tickle this fancy
I know that
Oh I know that
I always was ranting about this during the week
The things that people do
I mean with Paisach and Easter
Couple of holidays that involve
All sorts of really silly crap
You know
Well speaking of that
Jewish Mrs is okay at Lauderdale condo
Very important story in the herald
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum gave it for it
I bet that these people are calling it a wish me a happy vacation
QA and hello
Yeah, I was calling to talk to me
Speaking
Oh hey how you doing?
This is Mike from your Myspace
Hey Mike how you doing?
I'm doing pretty good
I'm a big fan of Brady Quinn as well
I see you have a picture room on your site
There are several pictures
Yeah almost naked right
I tell you we definitely definitely need to have him come down to South Florida
He's a good kid
Come down to my house
He could live with me I'll say that
I have a man my wife has accused me
I have a man crush on Brady Quinn
The guy who wouldn't
The guy looks like Tom Cruise
Except Bill like a gladiator
Here we go
All right thanks for talking to me Niel
Thanks for talking to me Mike and have a great time while I'm on vacation
All right, bye bye
That's the IITER that around?
I thought that was really sweet of me
Anyway getting back to this Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum gave a four-loader delkondo association
Until 5 p.m. yesterday
To change the policy that prohibited this play of a Jewish symbol outside the door of a unit
Boy I talk about anti-stomantic
Bill McCollum sounds like the goyamer running the world of me
Earlier this year the Port Condo Association told tenant Laurie Richter
To remove the Mississa she had attached to her doorframe
Well hubbim and dreared baby
The association told her that she was in violation of its policy that forbids residents from placing anything on the exterior of common property
They have that in my building here too
Which I like that because they don't put all the wreaths on the door and they don't put all the goblins and hollabin
And it's just you know
But Richter a 20 year old attorney argued that she was she's an attorney
Arrogance he should have a right to have a Mississa especially since other residents had displayed Christmas wreaths
Say go and go selective enforcement is what it is
Damn Bill McCollum
hubbim and dreared too
But it didn't pretty crowded down there in hell
It was shocking to me said Richter who grew up in Hollywood considered selling her stuff a reform and observant Jew
That to me sounds like an oxymoron reform and observant Jew
I don't know
Clearly it was selective enforcement to allow one class of people to act in a certain way but prohibit others acting in the same fashion she said
You go Lori give those guine what for honey
And then it goes down to explain Jews and tax misusas small cases containing prayers written on a scroll to the doorpost of room building her home
The word in Hebrew is for it
Is Hebrew for doorpost I never knew that before
Misuse means doorpost how do you like that?
I had no idea
Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on the doorpost overnight remember that by Lonnie Donigan?
Yeah I want to hear
Visitors will often if you got does your chewing gum lose its flavor on the bedpost overnight if you got that
I'll check it out
Wow Lonnie Donigan
Midley of his smash, horrible song
It was a novelty record
Back in the day they actually had novelty records
Not most of the hip-hop crack is novelty stuff because it's not real music
Oh no
Oh yeah
Wow
Oh my god
Who is?
It could start anytime now
Oh boy
Oh boy
Rock and help
I'll be your mind you
What I wish I knew
How I live with you
Question is peculiar
I can come out of nowhere
Take so many I could not
I am
If you might question me, then you get so many I'm here
Here we go
Okay that's me and it's a lot of performance which I hate all of it
Wow
Anyway, Mazizza is Hebrew for doorposts
Visitors will often touch the Mazizza then kiss their hand as a blessing
Oh fat can you imagine the germs on the doorpost?
Oh brother
Mazizza design can be very basic or quite intricate and artistic
Using colorful glass, plastic, metals, other materials
Apprination-wide publicity communication with Richter's lawyer
The Condo Association Board gave up its fight
And sent a letter to the owner of Richter's unit saying she could display her Mazizza
Go ahead and put it on there you Jew bastards what they said or bitch
Which whatever case
Give it to him Lori
However that didn't go far enough for the Attorney General
A professional goi if there ever was one
I hope that the Easter Bunny drops a gigantic bunch of them Easter things on this head
I'm not going to say not eggs either they're too small to be Easter eggs
We represent the public interest which includes the right of all Jewish residents
They are now in the future displaying Mazizza in accordance with their religion
Road Allison Bethel, director of civil rights for the Attorney General of March 29
Letter to the Association
A resolution that allows only Ms. Richter to display her Mazizza does not satisfy the public interest
In a previous letter Bethel filled the association was told to notice advising that Mazizza can be displayed
And to withdraw any fines or violations against Richter
Letter from the Association sent to Bethel
Monday states the display of a Mazizza was never a problem it was how she went about it
Residents can display a Mazizza but they need to follow a procedure to get approval
They have to go to a higher authority they have to eat a whole Hebrew National Salami
Prior to all the media hype and attention Ms. Richter brought to the port condominium
She was told that all she needed to do is display the Mazizza was follow the condo documents
Letter says she was the well aware of how to get approval
Attorney General spokeswoman Sandy Coep said the association is complied by allowing Mazizza's
However, Bethel will review later this week if the association is fully complied with the Attorney General's requests
Richter moving to the condo December 1 on the fix the Bayesian green Mazizza the next day
A manager told her in January that the association wanted her to remove it
Get that Mazizza off there you Jew crazy bitch
Henry Fosterler who had previously represented the association
It could be immediately reached by the hero for comment
Well, how do you like that?
Reads okay for goyem Mazizza is not okay for certain Jews
Huh? What do you think of that?
I haven't even done the poll for today yet
And we still got to I still got to wash my feet
Friday you were still I know this show is going to shock a lot of people
Nicole Kidman and to your Roberts
The hidden lives of Jay rise
So you're gay?
Yes
Yeah
Both gay
Yes
Living two lives, married to a man and in love with a woman
Yeah
Nikki, so how did coming out change your life?
I went into this state of calmness and that's when I realized that my conscience was clear
Their wedding made headlines around the world
Nicole Kidman married country star Keith Irvin
Then she fell in love with a woman
Did he check you out?
Yeah
Really?
Big emotion
Okay, how long did you know you were gay?
So much of my life
Always known
You truly like having a girlfriend
I do
What would you say to her?
I'm the softest people inside that I know
I'm going to start crying
And she's kind
She's a kind girl
I love my mommy
I just would say to anybody whatever secret you're holding, live your own truth
I had a lesbian affair with a woman that lasted nearly three years
Hot animal lust
I'm gay
I'm gay
We're very excited and curious
Anyway let's take a look today's poll before we move on
And let's see, Danger Kitty, she said have a great vacation
You know who that is?
All right, no
Well, maybe probably want to
And then Rob sent me
There's some stuff coming in
I want you to expect when you have 1309 friends that really embrace you and love you
And care about you and pretend you know
But anyway
Like you said, have very little expectations and they'll let you down
That's soft Florida
I mean people are working now
They're out in their cars, they're driving and we're worth they've got a life
Do you believe that?
I have no mind
I'm not really
Hey, look, we got 680, boy I don't think we're going to get to no thousand by the time I leave
But one o'clock
680
The first thing, and how come, this is so easy, I mean you know
Everybody in their brother should be voting on that
Maybe that's all we got listening
The first thing I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their blank
Face, that's my answer
215
What would be your answer?
Face
Face
Okay
Chris
Face her eyes
Well
Face 2
Face 2 15
Vests 136
Or special if it's a guy, I don't know if that's right away, Jesus, man
Man boobs
But 90, in other words, back to him
Eyes, 70, they're for Chris, eye eye eye eyes
Smile, smile as God
But third, man
I hate this pool only 28, 3.26
3.8% of big improvement over yesterday
When they despise the pool
Legs 22
Hair 22, bulge 13
See we had different words for that one guy called and said he wanted to put a package
And then I said the basket, a Tisca, a Tisca, a Tisca, take a look at that basket
But I think bulge, you know, we got 13 people to say that which means that maybe a couple of ladies or maybe a guys
Who knows
And of course that's strictly like I said yesterday, I'm sure George would hasten to agree with this
Guys who wear jeans that are so tight that you actually can possibly notice anything, they're always gay, straight guys don't do that
No
Not anymore anyway
Maybe in the 70s
Really?
Well they were all tight in the 70s and 80s
Let's turn the clock back
What?
Bulge 13, I knew you'd do that
T11, hips 9, feet 9
Oh, George is a big foot guy
Yeah that's right
Feet 10, just got another one
Clothes, yeah try to explain that to you
Hips 9, shoes 4, abs 4, hands 3, height 2
George was already big on that about the height because he's short, he's about 3 feet tall
Right, just a little bit
Women would rather date a tall axe murderer than a decent short guy
How about a short axe murderer guy?
No chance
Shortage 2, arms 2 and jewelry 1 if you're on South Beach and you see those people with all that just tons and tons of jewelry on there
Then you know what you're dealing with
Now there's nothing really coming in here on that MySpace thing for all these friends I have out there saying
Gene you'll have a wonderful vacation, we're gonna put up with George for a few days but boy we're gonna miss your old nasty ass
Yeah, I mean something
Anyway Rob writes this, this is amusing, this is what you get
He says, hey Neil, hope all is well
Not sure who did the Godfather picture but it's great and works perfectly
Earlier this week he did a full four hour show with Josh was really entertaining great stuff
Well they're sure ripping you in, so you get the same thing from them
Not boy we're sure glad to hear George back today or like that whatever
Nasty, nasty stuff, nasty
Says Rob says once upon a time you're so, and wait till you get to this
Once upon a time you're so kind as to give me a set of Martin tickets for weekend series
I'm not even sure if you still get them and I realize that Miguel is the primary beneficiary
And always not that's only because he steals them
But I would really love some if you have any
Yeah, I'll get right on that for him
I'm kind of lucky in the fact that my girlfriend see my page
Also that she happens to be a 5-11 Venezuelan bombshell, also lightspace also we go together, she likes ball
Sorry to be a freeloader Rob says but I'm poor
It doesn't say anything about have a great vacation and we're gonna miss you and have a great time and be safe and be well and y'all diate
No he didn't say that at all, he says they want some Martin tickets
Right, what a prince
He says you know I've been obsessed with your show for some time now before you made it easy to download shows from the internet
Circa 2000 I researched and found a way to capture the stream if I can use that statement
Oh I know a way to capture the stream Rob
Thus I have a bunch of old shows that I really treasure right? I'll listen to them too often anymore but when the mood strikes me it's cool
One of the ones I have is from the first urban music festival on South Beach on Memorial Day weekend
A classic anyway talk to you soon as Rob
I'm assuming he means if I have any moral intelligence for him
Right
I just I don't know what to say to that
Don't you?
Oh my god
I know what to say about the request for the Marlon ticket
No
I don't even have him I'm supposed to have him
You go get Ray Perry and her wife
No I have not
And say how come the old man don't have his damn Marlon tickets
The home opener is tonight it's a damn good thing we're going to Europe
Because otherwise if somebody I know wanted to go to that game tonight
A B S O L or have to go buy his own ticket
That's a pretty sad commentary Ray Perry
It's pretty scary Ray whatever your name is
No wonder I have a thing about forgetting his name
And look at the response on the phone here too
I would say it's about the same
You'd have Mike calling there to wish me a happy vacation
No it was nice
But you see if you want nice you're dealing in the wrong market
Okay
And I'm looking to see if there's any more exciting messages
There's there's nothing
There's absolutely nothing
It's as slow as Marlon says man it's bad
Well you shouldn't be trolling for people being nice to you
That's not what we want anyway
We don't want nice we want hate
Ah like an affolios did it that's what they really want
I think that's what we ought to give them
In fact everybody I think if we want to get like 50,000 people on my space
But every time I get somebody on there I'm going to write them
I hate you like boys and they'll say alright
Alright
I think that's what they want
Because it goes with the territory
You know I mean there were places where there are people who are nice like here
They're nice and friendly and I mean not sickling the nice like you know
Like slaubing all over you damn it
But they're nice
But then they're south Florida man
They won't go the extra two yards
Now there's nothing to happen
WQA and nice line hello
Uncle Neil
Yes sir
A long time listener here
And it's been a long time since I called
But you have a thing with this boat down there
You keep playing it all the time and I know where you're from
And Rochester
Okay
Do you remember Wilmer and the Duke?
No
You never saw that band
Never heard of it
Because you're about a year old
You never heard of it sir
Wow okay
Anyhow have a good vacation on that
Okay thanks pal we didn't talk to old people just me
5670560
And the Verizon singular wireless line
Pretty sad when you come right down to it
WQA and hello
Hey Neil
Yes sir
You know only people hired in the closet
to come back from vacation on the Friday
See there you go another shot
Yeah that made sense
WQA and hello
Hello
How's your feet?
You want them?
They stay
I think they'll wash them for you
Yeah how you want to wash them
I'm going to lick my eagie once to suck my toes
What do we got?
We got 699
I clicked that one more time
I'll get to 700
I'm not even going to ask Chris what he thinks
about the possibility getting to 1000
702 is a matter of fact
Well I guess we can do it but not by one
I'll put it in your hands
And of course what kind of a guy comes back from vacation on a Friday?
Yeah
Oh yeah
See it's always comes out
It's basically the same message
But it's just you know they try to couch it in different terms
Which at least they mix it up a little bit
That's a good name
I don't know what it means
I'm expecting at least a thousand
by one of the other really hurt it's gonna hurt my feelings you believe it no
Constices have hope you have a great time in your smoke of fatty for me shame on you
Constance and come back soon midday sucks without you well isn't that sweet mm-hmm and Constance has a
picture of a little kid here on his profile
Constance is 21 and he's got a little kid
And that great
Okay, yeah, I guess you don't care. No, I will you care about this though
This is from Toria which is a Florida Gators the people you know it's one of those collective kind of whoever he is
Got a Gators thing it says have a great vacation. You'll go to anything I wouldn't do
All right, you're the best and then it's just by the way for the record the show is not better when Josh is there
Welcome back George. How do you all that sweet and he spelled your name correctly with a J?
Whoa, he said whoa Jay. Jump back. Yeah
It's what he said
He said whoa Jay
Anyway, and McKellah is that how you would pronounce her name and my C H E L L A?
McKellah, okay, so you have a wonderful vacation here. There'll be most yeah, I mean, you know
It's not a big deal. It's just a little hook. It's you know to give you an idea since most you've got nothing to say anyway
I have no right. It's something to hang your head on and
We'll put a little feather in your hat when we get done if you know care enough to send a little message or even a phone call would be nice
They just don't care that much. You'll see Q. I. M. Hello
They'll good morning have a great vacation while you're gone. We are gonna miss you
George will do a okay. Thank you
And I'm suspecting strip club owner fires a dancer when he finds out she's been violating his rules against prostitution
Oh, no
The dancer then goes to police confesses automatically receives immunity and later gets a third of the proceeds after the club is seized and sold in the
Order convicted of a betting prostitution
That's the scenario criminal offense lawyer looped hero of Tampa told the House policy and budget council could result from a bill the panel later approved 16 to 11
Some lawyer legislators joined the row and arguing the measure would violate defendants constitutional rights to confront their accusers
Due process free speech and equal protection. I remember when we had those rights
That was bb before Bush
Associations representing Florida sheriff's and police chiefs opposed it for other reasons
But this bill treats our constitutional like an advisory opinion said representative jack seller a democratic lawyer from Whelton manners
From Whelton manners you're fairie
This bill gives incentives to commit a crime and an immunity from that crime the bill is sponsored represented
Dirty Hugh kill Republican of Port Orange is also a lawyer and disputed those arguments. He's a lawyer
She's from Port Orange
Under the bill owners and operators have had all entertainment businesses that are used to advertise
Facilitate solicit promoter arrange for prostitution and related crimes could be convicted of a third degree felony
If they knew or should have known what was going on the maximum penalty is five years in prison
Hugh killed an acknowledged most such businesses have free speech protection
But added they're not protected by the first amendment when they're engaging in criminal activity those hardened criminals
Supporters said the legislation would also be a fearful victims of human trafficking
We'll often are forced into prostitution protection as an incentive to report and testify against their abusers
Their torture victims said can't he Paris executive director of the women in need network and a calabased advocacy and training company
They've been beaten they've been raped that it did it
The bill would offer prostitutes automatic community if they voluntarily go to police with information about prostitution or related crimes linked to adult entertainment establishments
They also can get a third of the proceeds from property seized as a result
Law enforcement agencies will get another third while the final third will go to the state attorney's office that prosecutes the case
So we'll go to their office
Law enforcement agencies usually keep all the money other kinds of forfragic cases and use it for such purposes as
Investigations school resource officers and drug abuse prevention. See this is the kind of crap
This is the kind of garbage that America wasted its time in your tax dollars on
How Speaker Marco Rubio Republican West Mimey supports legislation that would accomplish one of his 100 ideas taken from Florida voters and the basis of his two
Euragent for the chamber the issue here is human life representative David Rivera Republican of Mimey's in debate
If you want to vote to protect the victims of the pimps and the victims of their crimes then you should vote for this bill
Which makes even tougher out there for a pimps
I
I'll try yeah good luck
No, I'm second thought
That I
No, I hope not
Ah you can't go idea fast. I can
Or away on words. Yeah, you left them. Okay. Let's see who's checking in now on here
See I think with all the
Negatory attitudes that a lot of people have toward all this my space and a lot of it is garbage like your friend Chris and the
Gwen and the meal that never showed up and never was gonna show up here is Glena
And Glena's got a comment. She's posting here. It's got
Is that a dead cat on the side of the road? Oh, it's the Easter Bunny when oh
Glena that's bad. I had a look first. I thought it was a dead cat
Because I think this goes down one a few days ago. I had a dead cat with a cardboard sound that said
Free cat
But this one is the Easter Bunny all smashed over in the south and his basket if I can use that term again
The basket is like with all the exits to and all over the road. Oh somebody killed a poor to put an Easter bunny
in a bath
Nope
Jay says
What if nice theory George back on here Josh was good this week
How about just having Josh pump in from that time for old time sick?
I think Jay's got a thing for Josh. Josh has got a lot of admirers out there doing promise most of our guys
Yeah, well, that's what you get you know, you can't pick and choose when you're a good-looking guy like Josh's
Even Brandon's got a thing for Josh and the two of them are going at a big time yesterday
We're staying back and forth with about stuff about music and crap
By the way something the screen plays clips from the morning show during the breaks
I assume they try to promote that show, but there's no way that's Kenny and Bose's best material
Well, I haven't heard that yet
The clip that has like 30 people laughing and nothing while the grim griepher is blathering
Uh some crap they've played every break
Testing my loyalty says Jay have fun. Thank you Jay. Jay's a good guy. Oh, I hope he passes the test
Who does Jay?
What test is that the hit they said they're testing his loyal piece?
Oh man, you're bad
You're bad they like Josh. Josh is a good job. Josh is great. I like Josh
I'm not insulted the people like you know something Chris is what you're doing. Well, that's too bad
Wow
He might actually get a photo of that cheer if you don't watch it. I doubt it though. Oh, he's fat. I can move faster
You know, I'm sure that Q.A.M. Hello
New York Sun says Cheney for president in 2008. Oh my god. How do you like that? Can you believe that?
Could Dick Cheney follow in the footsteps of the last two trim Republican vice president at least one major New York City newspaper
So among unannounced potential 2008 presidential candidates the one who would bring the most of the race is vice president
Cheney writes New York City's date with newspaper the Sun in an editorial
I mean why the hell not he's already been running the country for the last six years. So why the hell not?
In addition to having a defender on the campaign trails as the Sun Cheney offers attractive qualities as a candidate
ah like that
He has foreign policy experience by virtue of having served as defense secretary
He has economic policy experience and having stolen all that money for Halliburton having served as leading tax cutter while a member of the House of Representatives
The paper goes on to claim that Cheney's wife Lynn would be an asset to his campaign
And she'd been asked something. I think so they left the part of the word off there the whole word
And that she'd make one of the greatest first ladies in history. Oh my god
The vice president's statue would put him instantly in the first ranking contenders on the Republican side continues data
And we're cheney in the 2008 race already
It's hard to imagine the presence of preparations would not be five or ten points higher
According most recent CBS news New York Times pull Cheney's favorability rating
stands at 18% while Bush stands at 30%
Wow
On its message board the editorial to a mixed response from I totally agree to this is insane from Amen to last throws
One poster asked was the Sun taken over by the onion
In other words this be a joke or why
New York Sun I don't even know what kind of a M must be some kind of
Probably makes the the post looked liberal by comparison some right wing bunch of lunatics all our excuse me for my redundancy there
So let's go wash our feet now non-arveled pop-o. Okay, especially if you're a cute young guy you like it
Maybe you're once an altar boy. He'll grab a hold of that thing won't let go in your foot too as a matter of fact
Let's take a look at that poor result
We got seven I'm about seven thirty six is what we got I'm right because I'm looking at it seven thirty six
Well an error came up with something you might be interested, but I doubt it
Well, you know when you you check when you reload the pull
Okay, then you run our our page if you if you hit view current it refreshes immediately and instead of having a much faster
Really remember that the other day was that yesterday Chris?
I don't know if you made that up. Yeah, just like just that
View current immediately
So like I'm those days when we're like trying to get to a certain number like
Going right down to the wire and they keep us hanging right on the edge of excitement and it's just hit view current and being but a bing that might save us
20 seconds
Like I said, it's not a good idea. We want to kill all the time we can seven thirty eight in the pool
The first thing I notice about a person I'm attracted to is their face two hundred and thirty six
See with me. Well, I was sitting yesterday on faces of words and I feel somebody doesn't have like the greatest
Brady Quinn kind of body. Well, it's way it goes
Nobody's perfect even me
Breast one fifty one but oh, but back home 95 for the butt
I seventy three smile thirty two the smile I
Hate this full twenty eight three point seven percent. They're here twenty three
If they have any their legs twenty two if they have any
They're balls fourteen if they have one
They're teeth twelve their feet twelve. Oh, I bet you the Pope voted on here truck times
Wash those tutsis baby because otherwise Jesus is gonna be really p.o
And then the Easter Bunny is gonna get smacked and smacked and splatted all over the side of the road
Those eggs are gonna go flying wow
That's bad when you drop your basket on the road and your eggs get splattered
closed ten
hips nine
Shoes five height four abs four hands three. Oh, what nice gentle hands
Shoulders to arms to and jewelry
Solemente Unil obviously somebody on soft feet. Then you'll watch your show
This is your brain
Oh
Back to Kenny and ball filling it for the service final Kenny it's Jay Jay on re-tard radio five sixty Q a
Love
Oh, what's with the baby talk dude what
Well, not ready to kill
Never got your radio post now you know vehicle and the woman woman woman the woman the woman
Do you know what the woman the woman what you get here today in the vehicle
Bob and do Bob and do Bob and do in the vehicle
Man come on do we're like in the middle of the show here. It's ten thirty you've been off the air for half hour
Oh, sorry
Now cute that was great
Ed says he's been listed since 1991 since he was listening to Johnny Garx and A-hole over and over again on the radio and
Have a great vacation. Thank you Ed and that's sweet and then Jose and Hialia is not so sweet
Maybe he likes his coffee sweet. He sends me one of these things
Where he's supposed to click the thing for a free cup of coffee at Starbucks all new people out there, huh?
I was broding sorry
It was a slip out
This is what you get we got the one guy Rob who wants my Marlantiggets which I don't even have me yet
And then we got Jose and Hialia who wants me do who wants to pedal free Starbucks stuff and whatever the hell is penniless
I'm gonna tell you that's something I'm gonna do while I'm on vacation where I got you know some spirit time
Which you know even though you know having fun on vacation
But you always find a little bit of time with the internet cafe. I'm gonna go scouring through that thing and all new people
I want to use our
Site or or anybody site ought to be deleted immediately if not sooner. Don't you think yes?
I mean unless I give them prior approval somebody assances could I do this or put that on her sure no problem
But just to go on there and a whore our website just so that they can put you know
Oh, well, I'm gonna give me a free ipod. I'm gonna. Yeah. Take your ipod and stick it back
Okay, and take your Starbucks Jose and can you see
WQ a.m. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Um
Got a comment
Question and a request. Yes, sir. Uh the comment. Oh, I think what was gone over the yet. She played in two super voles
And this morning he said the masters was the greatest sports event. He's ever had a pleasure. Oh my god
Yeah, well, that's the kind of question capeteria sanaria. Is that a both a Brian bit?
General Tyler. That's Jim Scholar crazy Jim Scholar. Okay, um
All right, my sheen wants to request it as a Michael pod me in a day hole
If you hadn't see my death they hit it on the fly, but you're God so you can it's what Christians do for fun
Oh, okay pal you gotta have a great uh whatever you say and pick up the Easter Bunny off the road
Happy vacation. Thanks. Now what does that call work through Christians?
Christian fun
Is it really and this guy even he even knows the things they got to be bleeped in and how do you like those are the guys we like
Those are the people that really have some clues
Loyal
On the way Jose wants to pedal Starbucks are free click on as you click on air breakfast. Oh, say go away Jose
Nothing for the people to go away Jose right
No
Christian Super fun
Well
The
Nikes
Whoa, why's that pillow? Why's that pillow? When Christians super-buck
Hosted by the tasty front of the faculty
The failing facts of macaroni and cheese
The nose in the bitchy, just the tasty reproduce
That's just about all there allows it to
Whoa, why's that pillow? Why's that pillow? Why's that pillow?
That's just about all there's that pillow
Do they get a smoke? While feeding out their gun
Whoa, why's that pillow? Why's that pillow? When Christians super-buck
Do they polish up the fish? On the tailgate of their truck
Whoa, why's that pillow? Why's that pillow? When Christians super-buck
To get it standing, eating and sit back down, I can't get you
And watch it all down with the twelfth eye of food
Live a life aboard a tough-to-get-and-you-go
I'd only smile the fine, boy
But where did you say?
Oh, it's 3 cents, has the rate
Yeah, that's good. That was a good choice sir
Thank you so much because that was obviously from the post-Joyce era
And he had to do it over again. I like those when he puts his own bleeps in there as opposed to just
One of those or something
757 on the pool and
Jewelries in last place with one. I mean what what is do you know you look at somebody's jewelry?
shallow horrors look at jewelry. I see and
It's that's the only thing they consider WQ. I am hello
Hey, Neil is George the creeper the Lord of the board in today? Yeah, the Lord the Lord the Lord
That's the one
Hey, Neil you ever had a poll on what group of people of the words body odor. Yes
So many QA and hello. Oh, Neil. I don't okay. Yeah, I'm Wednesday night CNN did this segment on a 27 million dollar museum
Opened up on Memorial Day that I dinosaur is living in the Garden of Eden Andrew Cooper did the story did you hear about this show?
No, these museums are opening up all over the country
They had this woman from the family
Association you're always talking about they kept an ass in the group. Yeah, I was listening to guard of Eden
And just she just refused to answer the question. It's the dumbest things Christians believe these museums are all over the country
Oh, and put noses on your pole. I know George hates big noses. Oh, yeah, it's very important
I've ordered for face, but yeah, I always don't know what's get the noses on there and crazy Eric has thing have a great vacation
I gave a occasion. Oh is what it's have no doubt
I'm not really sure is that Richie Simmons. It's hanging from a helicopter there from a chopper
Have a game occasion looks like Richie Simmons
Hanging by a rope. Yeah, I'd like to see Richie Simmons hanging by a rope. I paid to watch that
And George tells me that I have to see the South Park from last night, which best ever as
Especially since you were just asking about the Easter Bunny. What's his significance of that? That's what it's all about
I'll be damned and I will you don't who oh my god
Where is another one where after nice break diaper
WQ I am hello
Yes, Neil taking call that
All right, I know I'm actually a lot of
An ability for both things is actually having to speak to him. You're speaking to him right now
Oh, sorry Jimmy didn't ask myself listen on that pole if you want to get the the Spanish
demographics weighing in on this we don't care about negatively faces one is a big ass
ass. Yeah, the ass is very important
Okay, thanks, pal. All right, see you
I'm pretty sure we have asked on there though already sir in fact that we have a
But
Well, you know what to be asked but back home. It's a hundred in fact. It's in third place right now
Yeah, we know that about that. That's why JLo actually made more than five dollars in her lifetime
Uh-huh because of that big back home is other than that. She's got no talent. She don't look good. She can't act
She can't sing she can't dance right other than that. She's got a big back home and as a result
She's very popular looking some way better going than coming
W.A.M. Hello
Neil, did you see the Chinese guy that knocked off the building with the water cannon? Yeah about 400 times. Yeah
Well, why are they using that thing?
Because they want to knock him off the edge of the building W.A.M. Hello
W.A.M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I feel double crossed by William Donner
I hear
Um, I want you to have a good vacation buddy. We're gonna miss you and we enjoy you every afternoon
Thanks for and every morning. Thank you so much. Well, maybe you don't listen to the afternoon part. I'll always live in around the morning
We got 766. I think I think you're gonna make your thousand today
Okay, you know, so I lay that off on you. Yeah, I know. Well, what's wrong with that? Nothing. I just got to stand
I think you're gonna make your thousand. I'm gonna you credit for it. Oh G
774 we should have a way over 800 by noon. No sweat two hours if you can't get 200 votes in a couple hours, man
You're really slipping
Beware says the sun sent on spectres cruising neighborhoods for sprinkler violations
The water police have hit south Florida streets the same municipal machinery that makes sure a new roof complies with the building code
Is swung into action to enforce the new restrictions on using water
Code inspectors already are cruising neighborhoods looking for sprinklers operating on the wrong there at the wrong time
And they're gonna take your ass away and fry it for lunch
While cities generally are handing out only warnings to violators that will change very soon
Like Ron DS said soon remember that soon soon
He's soon
And the south Florida water management district which is imposing a lot of rules has had training sessions for city police and
Co-inforcement officers how to spot violations and identify people trying to arts Martha's system
They're going to be innovative Bruce Adams the water management districts water conservation officer
Word room full of police and code enforcement officials at a recent training session in plantation
They're going to challenge your ass
During the region's 2001 drought for example
Coat officers noticed an odd and widespread phenomenon water tricking from underclosed garage doors
It turned out that people were flouting restrictions by washing cars inside their garages
Now they see that yeah, they're just going they're just going to unload
And the Palm Beach County Town of Atlanta's one man found a way to take advantage of loophole long extra watering on new landscaping
He bought five potted trees each day move them into a different part of his lawn
Which he then lavishly watered he got a ticket to ride
This year facing one of the worst routes on record the district's governing board voted a restrict car washing
lawn watering on the uses to three days a week the restrictions gave him a time to two days a week
April 13 which is next Friday if you if you ask me
The water management district disaster cities to stop issue warnings after April 15 and go to citations
Finds very from cities a city based on local ordinances in Delray Beach a first offense caused a hundred bucks a second two hundred
And a third offense they go your crap away
In bokeh finds a be up to a special master could hit a grand in for a lottery for his defense is 25 bucks
And later offenses up to five hundred dollars
George Kamehoo director development services for bokeh said the public responses been positive
Although many people are difficulty adjusting timers on this sprinklers right. Oh that's it. Just say I'm stupid
If you got your sprinklers going at the wrong time just say oh well, I'm just stupid
I can't figure out you know like from one o'clock to a clock. It's a little bit too complex for my ass, okay?
And they'll say hey we believe you we believe you're stupid and they're right you a big fat one
Bang
Power
Children love
Tonight
scent
Shake your booty!
Welcome!
Shake your booty!
Time for my video presents
Peter Montchist Singalong song
Over 60 of your favorite Singalong song
On three fun-loving videos for GDD
Let's all get drunk tonight
I hope I do it so well
With the drunk tonight
So no weirdo
Like a virgin
Got some very first signs
If so man needs a drink
This is an exclusive T.D. offer
So call now for this priceless collection
And so man came rolling
Why don't we get drunk and drunk?
Oh, drunk!
Hey, I love 18 now
Monday you have another trend coming up
Two thirds of the word of book
And if it's his disastrous
His last two trends have been for the station
And the last one almost for all of us on this station
Probably the best idea is to email him to me
You know, let me know
I'll just hit that low light
And then I just won't come back
Something to think about, you know
All right
Orlando says
It's the juice again
But before I start I'd like to say how to George and Josh Courtesy
Tell him George and Billy's friend
You know Billy?
Okay
Sure
Billy's a very common name
I know several Billy's
I think I know the one that he's referring to
Okay, well he's referring to
I want to start off with you with great time in Ampton
I have a spy report
I was flipping through the radio and came across a gentleman
And Orlando is using the term very loosely
About the name of Sid Rosenberg, Cranstein Schwartz
What he said was shocking
He said that his show was the most talented
Entertaining a thought
Thought provoking show regardless of what any so-called legends might think
Right
That's why he keeps running back up to Amos
And trying to get back to New York
Which will probably be back there as soon
Says automatically as soon as he was talking about you or Dave Lamont
Yeah, Dave Lamont, his farting is legendary
He also says that he tends to go to the Rascal House a lot
And it's one of those you can't miss places especially to take a friend to
Wow
Oh my god
I almost drove off the road when I heard that he says
Before I leave I wanted to play the
I bought a couple on publics I just did
And as George who made that drop
Where did that come from?
Caller
Why, but a one-parallel
A caller called up
Little random mug
Just a hit and run thing and we carted it up
Well how do you like that?
And Orlando says love you once again
And who says
That's sweet
Thank you, Orlando
And say how to Billy too
Whoever that is
Right
WBQA and hello
That's George's
That's George's post-personal friend, Billy
Okay how are we doing on the pool?
791, see we'll be approaching 8
I bet you're gonna have like 850
By the top of the R by noon
So you're in for the thousand
I wouldn't even give it a second thought
And in your case I mean
I will
Give it a first one
First thing I notice about a person I'm attracted to is
They're blank
Face 256
Well of course
Of course
That's why you people that send
These people that are applying to be friends now
That don't have any picture on it
I delete it right away
Is that a bad thing?
No it's not
I just believe
If you don't have a picture to put on there
You're not gonna make that much effort
And you're that mysterious well go away
Don't bother me
I want to put the honor
256, breast 159
Especially a guy with big boobies
Mmm
Gross
But 101
Well that's my favorite station
But 101
You ever hear that?
No
Is it in Butte Montana?
I79, smile 36
I hate this pool only 29, 3.6%
That's nice
They're here 26
They're legs 22
They're bulge 15
Now if it's like a female
Well I don't want to go in
I don't want to go there
Don't leave me
Yeah
They're T13
They're feet 12
They're clothes 11
They're hips 10
Shoes 5
They're height 4
Hands 4
They're abs 4
Shoulders 2 arms to enjoy
Still has solta anthe uno
That's 791
They're jewelry
I mean you know of course
That's like anything else
We can put anything on there
Like you know
They're fingernails
They're nostrils
And it'll get some votes
Just the way they are
Here's another good reason to go on cruise ships
Not I've been begging these people for years
And they will listen to me
No
Because what do I know?
What could I possibly know about travel?
Scores of passengers climb down road platters
To rescue vessels
After a Greek cruise ship struck a refuel
Today in Mediterranean
And started listing
Forcing the evacuation of 1600 people
Including North Carolina high school students
Authority said hundreds of American tourists
At least two school groups from Canada
And more than 100 Spaniards
Were on the Greek flagged sea diamond
When hit the rock off the island of Santorini
Surely before 4 p.m.
A lot of us were taking pictures
When we were coming into Santorini
All of a sudden there was this big joke said Catherine
Small 17
One or more than two dozen students from North Carolina on board
The ship was really far tilted
It was actually kind of freaking-assout scary said small
Who tends Chapel Hill high school
North Carolina
That's where it's favorite North Carolina
The other thing would be finer
More than a dozen ships were involved in the rest
You ever along with six Navy rescue helicopters
Two military transport planes and four warships
The ship was evacuated quickly and successfully
No one had as much as a nose bleed
Said the Merchant Marine Minister
Who's got a Greek name which I'm not going to try to read
With 8,000 letters on it
Well the ship this size is like dealing with a trust rate
Building its a difficult operation
He said the Merchant Marine Ministry said
1195 passengers and 391 crew members were on board
Most of the passengers were from the USA
David Lann, 17 to Middle Creek High School in Apex, North Carolina
Said the telephone interview
That he was taken to a restaurant after being evacuated
And was due to travel to Athens on an overnight boat
Everybody is perfectly fine, he said
Oh, we're fine
His mother Denise Lann of Raleigh in North Carolina said
She had talked to her son several times this week
During the trip
They've been around Greece and Athens were coming back from Turkey
He called and said the ship is taking on water
And we're going down
I said don't play with me, he said I have a life vest on
Don't worry Ma, I got a life vest on
Vest by Vest, that's just
Another reason to get on them cruise ships
Man they just seem to have some difficulties every now and then
I have no idea why so many people get suckered into that
Because they're not smart, they're like Frado
They have good marketing campaigns
That must be it
Or maybe they have a package deal
That could be it, that's what we're near used to say
Seven ideas in a pool now if I hit that view current
Look how fast that works
Are you at least a little impressed by that?
That is a nice, I love little shortcuts like that
That's a good thing
It didn't change anything, it's still 798
We're still on the precipice of 800
WQAM, hello
Leo, how you doing?
Good
I just wanted to say you have a safe and happy holiday
For vacation
Also I want to recommend a book to you if you have a chance to get something before you leave
Or even when you come back
It's a book by the name of
By an author named Quigley
And the book is called Evolution of Civilizations
And I think it's a little bit tough to read at first
A little slow but once you get into it
It really helps you make sense of the world
It's a pretty interesting book
Maybe I'll find it in the airport
Maybe, maybe if not I know Barnes and Noble places like that have it
The other thing on your pole
Yes
The first thing I notice is the shape of a woman
The overall silhouette of a woman is shape
How about body shape?
Yeah, body shape
That's kind of the first thing that catches your eye
And then you look and see the other details
Okay
See ya
Thanks, Pally
We can put that on your body shape
What's wrong with that?
I think that makes sense
Does it?
Huh?
Sounds great
I would say it sounds great
But it's, I know what he's talking about
Figure, you know
But that's not the first thing I would look at
I mean if I looked at it was an ugly face
I don't care what the body shape is
I don't care if they're like
Adonis like Hercules
Like Brady Quinn, Jr.
That is correct
They got a nasty face
Oh, that's it
Fui
801 on the pole
You're in like Flin
So, with Morning Americans it's Paul Harvey
Standby for News
Abigail McGillin, an elderly woman, answered a knock at the door one day
Only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man
Carrying a vacuum cleaner
I'll say it again
The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner
Good morning, said the man
If I could take a couple of moments of your time
I'd like to demonstrate the very latest in high-powered vacuum cleaners
Go away, said Abigail, I haven't gotten any money
And she proceeded to close the door
Quick as athlas the young man wedged his foot in the door and pushed it wide open
Don't be too hasty, he said to Abigail
Not until you have at least seen my demonstration
With that he emptied a bucket of horse manure onto her hallway carpet
If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure from your carpet madam
I will personally eat the remainder
Abigail stepped back and chuckled and said
Well, I hope you've got a damn good appetite
Because they cut off my electricity this morning
Paul Harvey
Good day
Good day
Now, have you heard that before? That's kind of cute
Yes
You have heard that before?
Yes
How do you do that?
It's an old joke
Who's that bit though?
No, not that bit
No, not as a whole army
No, I think my stepfather articulated it
I used to tell those jokes
Who did?
My stepfather, he's dead now
And Paul Harvey probably will be soon too
I'm just having a little wiener here with my lunch
Again?
Ah!
8-9-11 votes on the pool
How come my stuff we were going to have a difficult time getting to a thousand even by two or five?
I don't know that
Like a face
So what it is?
Like a face that I go to Friday
I let me go wash my feet
Here's George while I go wash my feet again
Somebody's got to do it for ya
Or it doesn't count
You have a disposal let go
You're clergyman
It's supposed to do it for you
I'm telling you those altar boys on your yesterday the Pope he would have won
He wouldn't let go
And he was hanging out for dear life
And the foot too
Maybe he was doing that one little, two little little, you know, little piggies
He was a scrubbing it a little bit
WQA-N, hello
Yes, how you doing?
Great
Hey, I heard something on the internet the other day that's just...
Thanks, Marie-A
By the way, thanks for Maria
She said I have a great vacation
Yes, sir
President Chester, I heard is giving a commencement speech at Miami-Dade
County College and I want to...
Oh my God
Encourage all of your listeners
A process with their impeachment shirts and whatnot
So I guess the media keeps forgetting about that
About Baroque and Hillary
Thanks for the heads up and heads down
814 vote on a poll
5670560
Well, look at this, Britain's were gathering intelligence on the Iranians
Is one of the lieutenees
Oh, that's bad
The British Naval personnel seized by Iranian forces in the Gulf were gathering intelligence on their activities
One of the ex-Ditini said that if you've heard of their capture broadcast yesterday
We sort of gather intelligence as well
Royal Marine Captain Chris Err
Told Sky News TV
Chris is 25
Is that the one that they had on there?
I don't know, I haven't thought about it
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
Several National Guard Brigades are expected to be notified soon
They could be sent to Iraq around the first of next year
According to the senior defense department official
If their assessment, if their assigned to Iraq is ultimately approved by the defense secretary of the Robert Gates
It would be the first time full-guard combat brigades were sent back to Iraq for a second tour
The units would serve as replacement forces in the American unit rotation for the war and would not be connected to the risk military build up for security operations at Baghdad
Which are going so strongly well, by the way, not
In fact, I think what John McCain ought to do since he figures it so safe
Maybe he could set up like a fruit stand out there in the middle of the city
Maybe he could make some more money for his campaign
Right, and he could operate it
You know, lemonade stand, fruit stand, something like that
Gates is expected to sign the notices alerting the military
Guard troop shortly said the official request and anonymity because information hasn't yet been released
You'll start the CV reserve component forces coming back in the rotation said the official
And in that the notices are being done now or they give the guard units as much as possible to prepare and to leave the country
Get to Canada
Don't go over there, all you kids out there
Don't let them send your ass over there and make you a human sacrifice
I'm telling you right now
Even though the media is obsessed with dancing with the stars and what's a stupid garbage like that
Don't do it
QA& Hello
Line in the show
5, 6, 7, see what I mean?
Yeah, I know what you mean
See ordinarily, looking at a real civilized place where real civilized people with nice people especially when you've been on your 31 years in the market
Ordinarily there'd be a whole lineup of people
They'd be standing from where you're sitting right now from the studio all the way to Jacksonville
I mean granted I do take on revocations a year and it's not anything you're stirring or
But just to say hey have a great time we're going to miss you in Georgia's whatever they want to say about you
Yeah, that's something and just like this thing around on the Myspace thing
There was a little bit of flurry of activity there what what I have about eight or nine ten
Okay, like that and Orlando sitting in the bathtub with his clothes on he's still there I already read that see he's the last one on there
With that long
Yeah, he's sitting there with Billy I think it's a matter of fact Billy said high from the bathtub and that's it
See so it's one thing not to do it voluntarily
You follow what I'm saying
No, but not even be to be willing to do it and of course it's good Friday. There must be the excuse right is there's no school today obviously
I've actually a lot of people bailed this weekend when you think mm-hmm
So so we're operating with you know less than the usual two 300 people that we had so what are we talking about you know I think we ought to we ought to follow suit let's bail right now
Okay, there's Chris
Oh
Hello Miami now I want you to stop and think about that nice guy
I never really I never really thought about that because I'm often I'm joking about getting up and walking on yeah
Yeah, a few remember a few weeks who almost did that on a Monday. Yeah, I know that was silly
What was silly was silly goose I did I do it no you didn't but I thought about it my ass was about a quarter inch up and
Here off this chair. I was thinking about just hey screw this you know
And then I thought to myself you have a little bit tenth of the 25th are really nice on paydays
But suppose you and I did get up and walk out I want you to stop and think about that what would you do Chris?
Let's get it in radio
Now you wouldn't do that would you?
I don't know
Chris has got a lot to say I'm sure yeah, what would you talk about when you talk about what a holes the two of us are for just getting up and
Abandoning you ranc and leaving you there like to carry the last two and a half hours of the show that they could start well
You know, you know a holes because you'd be giving my shot on the air you know so that would be a big chance here he is here's Chris
The calling number is yeah, that's it rely on the colors. I guess you learned from me. Huh rely on the colors
Here's your color right here Q.I.M. Yeah, there he is
Is there ever any doubt that would be my best suggestion for always go to lie nine first okay get that one out of the way
825 votes on a pool. Oh, you're you're in man
One question I have what is it what's a bigger fine in Barrett County disposing of possums or of that guy
The first thing I notice about a person I'm attracted to is their face 266 you betcha baby their face
Although you see I mean it's a fine pole, but obviously the guy that said before when he was talking about their body shape
You when you look at somebody like for example in Berlin last summer during World Cup weekend I keep talking about that young gentleman
Yeah, when you see somebody you see their entire being I mean their entire persona you see their head their body their knees their toes their
Follow on saying their bulge and you see all of us in one and one picture
There's Rob Marciano for example who looks much better from far away. He's okay. He looks at that said back back up all the way to the wall
They're Rob for 10 they got the guns out at CNN again
Phase 266 breasts 163 but 107
Eyes 83 smile 37 I hate this pull only 29 3 and a half percent they like it
Hair 27 legs 22 teeth 15 balls 15 feet 12 clothes 11
I got news for if they look really hot to me out of here if they were in a burlap sack easy access that way by the way and maybe kills try it
Hips 10 wouldn't work for me wouldn't want to help body shape 5 although I'm gonna get a new wardrobe though for my trip for that one guy
I'm checking out my wardrobe height 5 shoes 5 hands 4 abs 4 shoulders 2 arms 2 and Julia still down there on the ass
Hi, I'm Dennis Filman the proud owner of lucky a champion golden retriever isn't that right lucky?
Lucky will tie their aren't you mate? Well, no other dog can outrun out catch out jump this retriever shong your stuff lucky
Jump fetch
Catch lucky I sleep and make a baby I must have overworked from this morning anyhow when it comes to champion dogs I make sure they get the best nutrition possible like new kibbles and crypts dog food
Lucky just loves it don't you lucky? Well, little stiff there aren't you lucky?
You smell going on too right? Get out of here flies when he wakes up he'll be ready for another training session and another tan of kibbles and crypts dog food
It's the dog food that all dogs go woof over that's your cue lucky
All right you get some rest there lucky
Stand flies get out of here I'm dying over here
Okay, love 45 that's bad I shouldn't be playing that but that's really bad, but it's so cute. Mm-hmm anyway Johnny G checked in I'm sure you're surprised at that
And my dog buddy Ricky who sent me another you video on air for the thing
Thank you guys
And here's one from the a guy that called me in the goi says the book I called about evolution of civilizations and
Introduction to historical analysis by Carol Quigley is what it is. I guess I'll put that in my pocket
I mean, it's not likely I'm gonna find out if the new stand in the airport, but you never know is
Do you right know you never do I mean
I don't really think I have time to go to like in the world's largest bookstore look at browsing for that book before I go
But you never know 835 votes on the pool you are in I think you owe me a great debt of gratitude for that you're in a
Sunday a card any card
Maybe you'll send me a note on my space or something like that. I'll post a comment on second thought don't even do
Wtq a.m. Hello, Chris great show
Yeah, excellent excellent job Chris. You're already the kudos are already good. That's great
31 years in the market and the board is empty right now
There's not a single call on there, but Chris goes down a year for like 17 seconds and already he's got a following
That's how fickle the self-order audiences
5 670 560
Town 560 and they've rised in singular wireless light is good Friday though all the get skis are out there
They're all in switch. They're all a roll in the Easter eggs. They're all they're all scraping Easter money off the highway
Would you see that self-park episode? It'll all make sense. Yeah now when what time is end again then that I can pvr
I'm not sure
Check your local listings
I guess I can check my guide mm-hmm WQ a.m. Hello
Neil you're gonna watch the masters and your trip. Oh, yeah
My name is matter. I'm gonna make sure I'm out of plane where I can get to the TV starting to go miss I don't miss a putz
Yeah
Gonna watch the golf while you're gone there
You know something seriously the fact that this is supposed to be a sports station
We spent so much time covering and I believe what other guy said about vocamper that's by report because mad dogs
Is the same thing this is the highlight of his entire year bigger than a super bowl bigger than the world series anything else in sports
I don't know if you're obsessed with this masters golf tournament and you want to know why?
That's why because they get plastered up there. I mean why would anybody else could want to go to Augusta Joja?
Would you ever want to go there?
No, it's right downstream from a tree though. I bet WQ a.m. Hello. Yes, good morning Neil
Yes, sir reaching out as we're in the process of selling our condo in that venture at the terrace
Right good and we are congratulations to you sir
Yeah, I'm getting out of this God forsaken place. We've been put up in temporary housing
We ended up at the old Doville hotel at 67th in Collins and if you don't have if you don't have your Spanish
Biblioteca or dictionary Dixiel Nadio you're out of luck my friend because that place is like on total Oye auto auto
Okay
A lot of
Adopters down there too with the
System pass paysock and
This place is at a control we're relocating to Rome Italy my friend. Are you serious?
Absolutely. How the hell you're pulling that off? He says having a lot of cash. Well, you know
Did my time here? I've been in South Florida over 40 years
Go back with Dave to free to the old days at gloves 94
I've been a chronic of yours for many years and if it wasn't for you
I probably wouldn't have been able to make the last 20 years
But I'm sure they're hiring and getting the hell out. Well, I'll come and visit you man
Well, please do will be very very close to via Veneto and the area of a party only
I'll see if the Legrand hotel. Okay, and I'll be over at the Fontana de Trevio. I'll read it. Urchin
Be careful to you. We love you. We're gonna listen to you on the computer. Okay. Ciao. Ciao. I bail up. Don't see me. Oh
Man, am I ever jealous? I know something I might not come back
This is a little bit of a sudden note saying that you're not, you know
What do you mean by that? So you know give us a heads up so that we can prepare this a little whole bunch of tapes
Don't know. Let's give the tapes now. We don't want too much George Q. I am hello
Mama, Mama me. I want to go to Rome too
Mama me. Yeah, it sounds good to me. Only I'd blow up like a balloon man
We didn't know time at all. I'd be a dead-dead diabetes guy
From all of that pizza and pasta and pasta and pizza. Mmm, man, your man. Maybe 842 votes on the pool
See that's one of the good things about going to Amsterdam. You know you're gonna lose weight
You can't complain about the food there. You want to know why?
Because they don't have any exactly because there isn't any
Well, they got Mickey D's though, man
I'm gonna say hi to my pet rat the one under the a fries there. I'll say hi to him for WQ a.m
Hello, not there and of course line nine. I don't I don't and then when you start your own show Chris
Let me tell you right now line nine of what it like it's got a
Bubonic plague will do race away from it
Yeah, we're gonna be on the virgin 900 votes by a noon and I was worried about you getting a thousand by two o'clock
What thought is wrong with when you're legendary? You don't worry about such crap
That's probably what Chris ought to say right there at 10 o'clock in the morning when I start we've only got like
550 or something low embarrassing grotesque total for whatever reason and I guess now it goes with the ambiance of the whole deal because it's good Friday
It's a holiday you you heathen bastard. Don't you understand?
Well, should all be sacrificing chickens or something that's right
We should be washing our feet or letting some old the get ski wash our feet
Yeah, he wants to scrub it for you
May aim wants to get right under your nails under your toenails and get in there and squeeze and please and what are on his knees?
Whatever I
Saw that yesterday. I just wanted to scream even though I know of course that you know this
This is all part of the trappings and crafting of this stupidity, but good golly miss Molly
WQ a.m. Footline hello
Take your snapper WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
You know you're in a good mood because you're going on vacation, but I'm in a good mood because I sold 12 properties to Mr. Mrs.
Nighboard
Nighboard yeah, do you see how they lived?
What does that mean? I don't know what it means. That's from our Glen Gary Glen Ross. Oh, I see that's that's what I was thinking
But I wasn't I mean what I want to remember you have to have for that you know or if you've seen the movie
I'll close his own if you made your decision for Christ. Where did you learn your trade you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men what you're hired for is to help us does that seem clear to you to help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living
You company man you're fairie get the job. Hey get the job put me on the channel
I'm for I should play the whole thing there that whole jack lemon
Yes, that's another great movie. I want to recommend the case you haven't seen it
We don't I mean we talk about it too much for movie that most people haven't seen when you think that that's one at
It's really I was just watch for everyone especially teenagers about to go out into the work in world. Yeah
You think teenagers would stick with Glen Gary Glen Ross
Sure, it's it's heavy
Heavy duty man. I go out and get it right now. I would steal a copy. I'll send you a copy
I got it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty in the Verizon singular wireless line
Hour and seven minutes to go until vacation time and I thought I'm counting you understand right
I was telling Josh yesterday before the show that when when it gets close to vacation time for like the last several days
I'm sure everybody else is like this too last several days your mind your heart and your mind are really in this
You know they're already gone long gone. They're long gone your whole existence is like oh man
Just look at that clock. How did that WQ a.m. Hello?
They knew yes, sir. I forgot
No, yeah, but you did WQ a.m. Hello
The better stuff WQ a.m. Hello
WQ a.m. Hello
Sound Florida population booming despite challenges. I'm glad we got to this story before a random time
Little word of warning this is a public service that we won't hear something the other show in this market
I guarantee you that I've been warning people for years don't do it. Okay. You'll rule the day
Like that guy to call a minute ago. That's going to a roll mom. I'm I jealous of him
He's obviously got
Muto Denero baby and he's just he's had it. He just don't like the ambiance no more
In fact that they're probably going to be more English in the room than there is in Dave County
I don't think there's any question about that is it?
And
Spiraling housing costs congested highways hurricane anxiety no speaking in glaze
I just injected that all these things are supposed to be making stuff. Well, they let's attract a place to live but
New census estimates release yesterday sure the region continue to be a people magnet magnet drawing
455,000 plus new residents primarily immigrants who don't know any better
Between April 2000 July 2006. That's the ninth largest metro area increase in the country during that time
The US Census Bureau defines the region's metro area is Broward, Dayton, Palm Beach counties
The new report shows a 9% increase in population in the past six years
Oh my god
That's a lot of people and that's major growth for nearly as large as we are said Ted Leonard senior planning for Broward County
It's also a significant enough increase to ratchet up the urgency for solving problems like traffic congestion the affordable housing crisis another growth related concerns planer say
That amount of growth brings consequences is Richard Ogburn assistant to the director of research and budget of the
South Florida Regional Planning Council a lot of roads we should have built but we're not building new roads
So that's a lot more cars on the roads we have we've known for a long time our transportation system hasn't kept up with the growth
That's a lot of school seats in a lot of hospital beds and there's no end in sight
Back them a
Slowed-on in population gains during the past few years is a momentary low-old planer say census numbers released some at last month show that between
July 2005 and last July the number of people moving into datebroward and Palm Beach counties from other states known as domestic migration was less than number of moving out
Well that parts good see that those people were catching on
South Florida's growth is fuel almost entirely by foreign immigration to trend the new census reports as is happening in large
Mentionaries across the country no speaking English a key baby. That's the bottom line. I mean. Yeah, that doesn't really bother me
But what does bother me is just the it just needs a people transplant. There's nothing wrong with South Florida that a people transplant wouldn't cure
Here it's me out of a lip so great
I don't think we ever saw her when she wasn't high
Or involved with some shading
The autopsy results were no big shock indeed
Dr.
Found Lord Andrews in her then and a plain reared her crazy boy friend lawyer could not help and a scene she was
Are you mad about the carry
And the list of stuff was scary they put some glass of
She took some for the last of them
In just a small as a pal and a careless pal
She took some the rest of them
And if you are just a pal that's all I've found plan including or not as a pal
I'm dying out of here
I don't know how she was even able to stand
She had more drugs in her than a 60s rock band
There was not one single narcotic that she missed
Who the hell was her pharmacist
At one point she was the signs of wind out of the judge
And when she spoke she sounded just like Elmer Fart
Did she just think those words that she put things that are known
Did she have any feelings now in her toes
Or in her gigantic fun pillows
They bought some to ask a pal
She took some for the last of them
In just a small as a pal and a careless pal
She took some for the rest of them
And if you are just a pal
That's all I've found plan including or die as a pal
She done it all baby and the drugs too
trouble three at five sixty WQAM
It's 57 minutes to one o'clock
Not that I'm counting you understand there's nothing worse than somebody on it
It's like only in the ball games you know
And people think oh that old man he just can't wait until the ball game comes on a pregame
Show us so we can get that a lot of here and go lose his ass like I did on Wednesday man
That was not good
Good thing you weren't around for that
Yeah I'm glad I wait
Massacred wood by man massacrity machines
Just just stealing I felt like a armed robbery
Good news for you though is 859 votes
Okay, sure over there no
Why didn't he buy that you ought to be because it means guaranteed you're gonna be way over 900 by the time you come on
Like a mine come on and then we'll make that bonus
Yes
That's you know something I think you hit on something right there you fell into a bucket of sloth man
Instead of getting a bonus for the ratings now because QM doesn't have any anymore
And probably won't have any for years to come now that with jolly joe and clearance his assistant have destroyed it
As a result of that and of course that tremendous morning show but other than that
I think we ought to get our bonus money predicated on the on the number of votes we get on the pool every day
What a great idea and then what we can do is we can hire some
Ringers you know who will sit there and like keep a rebooting and voting over and over and over and like like that we'll get some hackers, you know any
Did you have to like
Hey, if there's a scab I'll pick it. He's just trying to put you on the grave
863 votes
Thanks more via thanks Ricky see Ricky likes me mentioned a lot of there. He's a hand-bone. So I just mentioned it again
Well
These are people who you know they care enough to send their very best to send it
Don't say have a great time have a good vacation
You know loving kisses up yours or was some a little something something that's all what's wrong with that
As opposed to the mass the majority of people out there wouldn't give me the time of day
And then we got Rob who wants his Marlon tickets. Oh my god
Is that a credo and then we got Jose and they were now Jose and hi alia who wants
You know put a put an ad on there for Starbucks getting a free coupon for Starbucks
So we can get his iPod or some crap like that, you know
One thing about the internet man is some really neat people on there
There's some great people and then there's everybody else
You know I mean by that. There's a few really sensational people on there and then there's the rest of the story
Here's the poll we got 800 and the 65 vote and I love that thing with a few current see all this time
I mentioned Eric knew that about that before he just been holding back
Maybe he figured that we knew it and he didn't have to say anything. Oh how the hell would we know that how could we possibly know that in fact
He put a green banner on me a page
I guess it was on Wednesday
Because he finally realized that I wasn't aware of that and I was trying to
Try that deal. I forget how many we were going for you know
It was one of those down to the wire deals and of course we made it like we always do
But he put a green banner on there saying if you click view current it will refresh much faster
But he beat it but we like that
Big bright green. We're very colorful like Easter colors, you know
Yeah, I love that thing with the Easter bunny on the side of the road. That's so sad and his basket and the eggs are strewn all over the road poor little bunny
Now that would take a lot of talent to hit a rabbit. It's one thing to hit a cat
I remember one time I was driving home down there and the acres and it was a cat
Taking a sweet ass time crossing the road, you know like you know how cats are very independent and like uh, you know
You'll do what you do is more important than you are that's correct
So the fact that you were driving and going from point A to point B that wasn't in their
Itinerary that wasn't there wasn't in their schedule
And I could have I could have just flattened that thing. I could have made it into a street sandwich man
But I just didn't do it. I couldn't do it as much as I despised cats and I really do I just couldn't do it
Now if I get another chance, maybe I can make amends
Menza menza
Maybe that guy who's going to roll maybe he'll take me with him
867 votes best thing I noticed about it for first thing. I'm sorry first thing
I noticed about a person I'm attracted to is their face
276
Breast 174 but 113 but 113
Button
One of my favorite stations
The kickass
IZ88 smile 37 I hate this pull a mere 29 only 3.3 percent you see the way we bounce back after yesterday's
Midagated disaster with that awful embarrassing pull with over like almost 38 percent hated it five times they hated it
Hair 28 legs 23 t 15
So I guess they're not enchanted with the brits
I get 15 they keep showing that one guy under that one sailor
That you know was kidnapped and released they keep he must be the spokesman or something like that
And you know, I think every time I see him hey
Anyway a t 15 bulge 15 but that's I don't know if Joyce has been approved of that bulges
Could he's bubbled it got one? Yeah, she probably got a lot of bulges
In other on play oh yeah in places where you'd be kind of shocked as a matter of fact, but nevertheless
Feet 13 close 13 body shape 10
Hips 10 height 5 shoes 5 hands 4 hands down your pants 4
Abs 4 shoulders 2 arms to and jewelry some silly person but well it's a good thing that they did
Because whoever decided to put that on there would be you know very hurt
Would they not I imagine I'll see here's a couple more
Okay, Ricky no problem. I think I think I'm gonna do it a new show
When I come back from vacation. I'm just gonna communicate back and forth with the people on on the website all right
Now one thing I will say it's her meets the callers
And here's Rob who says did I just hear you lump me in with the rest of them never mind forget the tickets are in you
Oh, I don't want to make Rob feel bad unless you want to Rob oh
My god, that's funny
Oh brother see these people they sense stuff and then when you we rip money or in court now
Wouldn't you agree he deserved being ripped?
Yeah, but some people you know they don't understand what it's all about that. It's just a radio show. It's just a radio show, Rob right
Rob you're okay in my book you're never still afraid train you don't look all that good but nevertheless in fact I don't say that what
I'm gonna get them all depressed again. Oh, well, no, I mean I really can't tell nor do I care but it's him and two buddies and they're
heterosexuals by the way alleged
Uh, he's got to but and they're bathing suits
Now now that you see that picture in itself would be good for the pull we're taking today
Yeah, because I can't find an attractive body part among these three guys and they're like damn they're almost naked
Okay, in fact Rob looks good good thinking Rob Rob. I'm sure there's a one in the middle on there
He's standing between two really pudgy ugly guys his buddies, you know, well one isn't pudgy just ugly
That's got good thinking Rob. I think I just made up for his uh think about the tickets
Well, he made a man's there. I think that was good. That was damn wide of them wasn't the fact that he apologized
I think such a jackass and such a freeloader and the big and particulates somewhere along the line if we ever get him
And of course you didn't go find Ray Perry did you know I know I didn't I'll have an authorized agent go do it
Maybe Chris can do it. You sure can use the exercise. Okay. Now what does Ray Perry sit where is his orifice yonder on the other side of the building
I'm the other side you mean over the power 96 people sure where the sales people all the suit wearing people they all sit over there
I see
Well, you know, the studio is over here on this side of the building you know the t-shirt wearing people work over here on the slabs like
The slabs the am people the slabs
Not the real hot shots like over there on power 96 those slabs I
I seen him in the elevator and you know I really don't want to keep going back over that story again and against it's nothing that good
You know when you I'm not you know me. I'm hardly a social butterfly
That's the understatement of the century
But at least if it's somebody you know in the building that I've seen before I say hey how you doing?
You get on the elevator right right? I'm not gonna engage in some long conversation and give them a big kiss and a hug and pretend
Like Josh Cordes is that they he accosted me in the elevator and stuck his tongue down my throat and you love it
I did not love it
See I think I don't know what it is with you guys keep talking about what a great looking guy Josh is he's trying to get him a married offer something
His Russian girlfriend wouldn't be too pleased with that although I will say this
Yesterday when we were discussing an Amsterdam Josh and no sure Chris will bear this out was very inquisitive about the red light district
But not the throat light district. Yes, but the gay red light district
Yeah, he was all interested in that the blue light district
Yeah, he want to know how it works and who stands in the window and how much it is and how much for a
Job stuff like that maybe figures he can make some extra change there some extra scratch
Yeah, he gets scratches
Oh
My
singing
And when it's time to
rare
I wanna go home, where the living is to be.
I'm on the dead as my life feels,
On the day of where the Ravens you'll get,
Have fun like my riding from me,
On those storms and rains,
I wanna die,
It's like all,
I wanna die,
I wanna stay my life loving you,
And if I took the heart,
We'd be good both of you,
And when it's time to head south and pray,
I wanna go home,
Where the living is to be.
I wanna die,
It's like all,
I wanna die,
I wanna die,
I wanna die,
I wanna die,
Who plays to do it?
Let me tell you that,
That's what you come to Florida for,
Sit back on a bench and wait to die.
And that's what it's all about?
A lot of things about Florida,
There's a lot of drugstores.
I came to get too many other things.
I had another shot in my head, yeah.
What was that?
A lot of drugstores.
A lot of drugs?
Yeah.
Wrong kind, I guess.
Other than that, they're schlepping across Christians around the world,
They're celebrating this Friday.
This, I'll rule for you.
I know I should end around the world,
Recreating the final steps of Jesus,
In Jerusalem's old city,
You see here, programs,
The final schlep of Jesus, man,
I always thought he was a schlepper.
That's why he was a sloppy dresser.
I know about sloppy dresser.
That's why we're those cheap Berkins stocks.
8.9.86 on the pool.
You're approaching 900 by the bottom of the aisle,
You've got nothing to worry about, okay?
I'm sure that they're going to be grading you on this.
And especially next week when I'm not here.
Yeah, whatever.
Jo Bell's going to be out to him,
Probably be standing outside in the other in the Chris's room.
It obviously doesn't matter how I do or what the ratings are or anything.
You could have an 80's share,
Or that we can't matter on.
And they're still going to say,
Well, if I was taped,
I don't know why they're getting on the line.
They're wanting her needle.
That's right.
They want to hear neal.
They don't want to hear some little hulio on there,
Or what is a crappy altitude.
That's correct.
You're right, you couldn't please him.
You know, if you shine the shoes and went up from there
And watched his feet.
But I didn't know.
Now that's something to think about.
No, thank you.
Now let me ask you this, I'm just kind of curious.
Okay.
Because it's good for our day.
It is a legal holiday.
Am I correct?
Kids are out of school.
Well, it's a spring break, so it's not, you know.
It's not what.
The kids are out of school anyway.
But what about the banks?
So the banks open their own idea.
Well, why not?
Well, a guy with a kind of money that you're making
And you know, the bank is open today.
Good.
What can I do?
You're talking about money.
You should be on the radio.
I think I'm going to end all of that after today.
And one o'clock, I think I'm just, you know, that's it.
And like I mentioned, was it last week?
I think it's two weeks ago, because you were there.
At any point, especially based on what they do for us,
Which is virtually nothing.
At any point, I could just say, hey, guess what?
Because first of all, I'm not looking at, when you're young,
You don't want to walk out of a job without giving a bad notice.
Because you're going to want to reference someday.
You don't want the bad mild and you do potential future employer.
You're just bad on your resume.
Right.
But when you're working for bastards like these,
I mean, we finally got line one working again after two years.
Josh couldn't believe it.
He nearly fell off the chair.
There was, I just give you the evidence.
Line one is working after two years.
And all the other things, all the other,
are husband and wife.
They just will not make the effort.
They don't care about that.
It's not productive for them.
The only thing that's productive for them is, you know,
how much money they can squeeze in.
And did I hear that PD Lenny is back?
Did somebody tell me that or I have a bad dream?
Well, I haven't heard it.
So if you heard it, that's news to me.
Who told me that Chris?
Who told me that PD Lenny was back?
That would be Miguel, I think?
Yeah.
That is correct.
Go ask your everybody, Miguel, in any language that you use.
Well, that's just fine.
What do you mean by that?
Because we agreed that Pete Lenny was a crazy person,
but he was a mover and a shaker.
If you were, that's right.
He could go out in the cell a little bit here and there.
He serviced his clients.
Yeah.
No pun intended.
In fact, let's see.
What is that, the little red caboose?
Was that the name of that place?
No, that's not it.
A little old caboose, something like that.
The red caboose.
I don't know what mommy says about the meat.
Guys, they're sharp and keep on chewing.
Oh.
So he's back, PD Lenny.
Yeah, a bunch of you.
He's going to be honest as effective as bringing a fat boy back.
That worked out real well.
Well, they didn't bring him back.
They just brought him in.
We warned him.
We told them.
Didn't do any good.
891 votes on a poll.
I'm pretty impressed with that because you know me.
I'm heavy duty about that.
I got a really good article here.
Now that the US Congress is investing in the truth of President Bush's statements about the Iraq war,
they might look into one of his most starling assertions.
There was a link between Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden.
Critics dismissed that as an invention, but they were wrong.
There was a link, but not the one that Bush was selling.
The link between Hussein and bin Laden was their banker BCCI.
But the link went beyond the dictator in the G-Hotest.
It passed through Saudi Arabia and stretched all the way to George W. Bush and his father.
For your father.
BCCI was the banker, Credit and Commerce International, a dirty offshore bank that then
President Reagan's CIA used to run guns to Hussein, finance Osama bin Laden, move London
in the illegally ran contra operation and carry out other agency black operations.
The Bush has also benefited privately.
One of the bank's largest Saudi investors helped bail out George W. Bush's trouble or investments.
BCCI was founded 1972 by a Pakistani banker Agahasan Abidi with his support of Shix Zayed bin Sultan Al-Nayan,
ruler of Abu Dhabi, and head of the United Arab Emirates.
Its corporate strategy was money lottery and became the banker for drug and arms traffickers,
corrupt officials, financial fraudsters, dictators and terrorists.
All of these things.
All of these things.
The CIA used BCCI Islamabad and other branches in Pakistan to funnel some of the $2 billion
that Washington sent to Osama bin Laden's Abu Jihadin to help fight the Soviet-Safia Afghanistan.
It moved to Kashda Pakistan, a military of government officials,
skied from USA to the Abu Jihadin and also moved money as required by the Saudi intelligence services.
The BCCI operation gave Osama an education offshore black finance that would put to use when he organized the Jihad against the US.
He would move money through the Al-Takwa bank operating an offshore nas on Switzerland with two Osama siblings and shareholders.
At the same time, BCCI helped Saudi Hussein fund $1 million to the Atlanta branch of the Italian government owned
Bakanah Tsunalli de la Vora, a la Voro, back their US bankers so that from 1985 to 1989 it could make $4 billion in secret loans to a rack to help it by arms.
The Bakanah Tsunalli de la Voro.
US, I just like saying, US Congressman Henry Gonzalez held a hearing on B&L in 1992 during which he quoted from a confidential CIA document that said the agency had long been where the bank's headquarters was involved in the US branches Iraqi loans.
Kickbacks from 15% commissions on B&L sponsored loans were channeled into bank accounts held for Iraqi leaders via BCCI offices in the Cayman Islands as well as an offshore Luxembourg in Switzerland.
B&L was a client of Kissinger Associates and Henry Kissinger was on the banks of the National Advisory Board along with Brent Scowcroft who had become George Boz senior's National Security Advisor.
That connection makes the Bush administration's surprise and indignation at oil for food payoffs in Iraq seem disingenuous at best.
Important Saudis were influential in the bank. She'd come all-odd and brother-in-law of the state of the late Saudi King Faisal, head of Saudi intelligence from 63 to 79, and the CIA's liaison in the area became one of BCCI's largest shareholders.
George Boz senior new Audham from his time running the CIA in 1975. Another investor was Prince Turkey B&Faisal Al Saud who succeeded Audham as Saudi intelligence chief.
The family of Khalid Salam bin Mahfouz owner of the National Commercial Bank, largest bank in Saudi Arabia, Banker to King Faisal, other members of the ruling family, bought 20 to 30% of the stock for nearly a billion dollars, B&M Mahfouz was put on the board of directors.
The Arab's interest in the bank was more than financial or classified CIA MMO on BCCI in the mid-1980s said that its principal shareholders are among the power elite of the Middle East including the rulers of Dubai and the United Arab Emirates and several influential Saudi Arabians.
They're less interested in profitability than in promoting the Muslim cause. The Bush's private links to the bank pass to bin Mahfouz through Texas business band James R. Bath who invested money in the U.S. on behalf of the Saudi regime.
In 1976 when Bush was the head of the CIA the agency sold some of the planes of Air America a secret proprietary airline used during the Vietnam War to Skyway accompanied by Bath and bin Mahfouz. Bath and helped finance George W. Bush's oil company, our Bush to Energy in 1979 and 80.
When Harkin Energy Corporation absorbed our Bush to by then merged with Spectrum 700 you got into financial trouble 87 Jackson Stevens of the powerful publicly connected Arkansas investment firm, helped it secure 25 million dollars in financing from the Union Bank at Switzerland.
As part of that deal of place on the board was given a Harkin shareholder Sheik Abdul-Athab Bach whose chief banker was BCCI shareholder bin Mahfouz.
Then in 1988 George Bush Sr. was elected president. Harkin benefited by getting some new investors including Solomon Bin Laden, Osama's half brother and Khalid bin Mahfouz. Osama Bin Laden himself was busy elsewhere at the time organizing al-Qaeda.
The money BCCI stole before was shut down in 1991, somewhere between 9.5 billion and 15 billion made its 20-year heist the biggest bank fraud in history, most of it was never recovered.
International banks complicit in the offshore secrecy system effectively covered up the money trail but the years after the collapse of BCCI Khalid bin Mahfouz was still flush with cash.
In 1992 established the Mufawak Foundation in the offshore channel islands, the US Treasury Department called it an al-Qaeda front that received funding from wealthy Saudi businessmen.
When the BCCI scandal began to break in the late 80s the senior Bush administration did what it could do to sit on it, the Justice Department went after the culprits was virtually forced to only after New York district attorney Robert Morgan throw did.
But evidence about BCCI's broader links existed numerous US international investigations and now could be a good time to take another look at the BCCI Osama Sodom Saudi Bush connection.
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh
Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Wh-wh-wh-whine
Get in line in that processional step into that small professional
There are the guys who's got religion, I'll tell you if you're sins original
If it is, try playing it safer, drink the wine and chew the wafer
Two or four, six, eight, climb to Prince of Stansier
So get down upon your knees, fiddle with your rosaries
Foul your hip with great respect and...
Change your flake, change your flake, change your back
Take a frost on your abdomen, when in Rome do like a Roman
Our Bain Maria, she's good to see you
Can't let standing in sight and reminding and doing the viking night
Virgin Mary, Virgin Mary
Or the powers you possess, since you saved his life, with his life's his or her life
He's got a job for you to do
Virgin Mary, Virgin Mary
You have a brand new style too, we love the way you fuck your doom
With the make me under chest and full preaching like dress, and standing down to our own bread
Who's with the speed of a good sound?
Sense the bad dice straight to hell
When a building starts too low, we go to the next level we know
Save us your question, findet and punch McK canonical
was not for me. They held a big convention, and let me in for a free. I had no idea what
I was about to see. All right, they were speaking in tongues. That they'd be a believer.
It was kind of fun. Just take it out of fire now. Speaking in tongues. They got people even.
I come with wea from side to side.
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?
What happened?
No, no. It will now embrace me.
I thought I'd come to the beach.
Oh, God!
Whatever I do, feel forgive me.
Oh!
Okay, this will be a medley for you. An anti-a good Friday message from yours, truly.
I mean, isn't that the least I can do is do some heating crap today.
You're blowing out all these cat licking bits. What are you going to leave for me?
Oh, I guess what? Rob is a good guy after all. He's got a sense of me. He understands
just the radio show. He immediately back to say, you're the best and you rip me an ass and it's
great. And he gets it.
Show me your gun.
I wrote him back and I said, you're okay with me. Even though you don't look all I could.
But he's clever. He stands between these two grotesque friends of his like in bathing suits.
And it makes him look almost human, almost being the operative work.
Nice going, Rob.
918 on a pool. Oh, yeah, if I want to clock by the time I get my fan ass out of here,
we're going to be, oh, you got a maid in the shade.
I was concerned for you because you've already got like 84 strikes against you.
Yeah, just think of what would happen if we didn't make that thousand.
Oh, my God. They would say, you see, we told you when George is on, I mean,
when he was on, it's 1213 ahead. One day, 1,500 plus votes on the show during the,
you know, and they would take a look at that and say, there's the evidence. In fact,
they probably would, they would print out the pool, you know, and come running in there
and slap you in the face with it. So you see this? See this,
dark? You can't cut it. I can cut the cheese though.
Yeah, but you can. That would be good. Qion. Hello.
Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir.
A couple of questions for you. What was the source of that BCD di article?
The one that I just got you thrown away or reading. Let's see.
Let me look at the garbage and find it. It's common dreams.org.
What's the common dreams? I'm pretty sure. Yeah.
Okay. Positive. Absolutely.
Oh, okay. The other question was that, I just want to find out if you can't be
hour-to-hour if you're gay. Is that on the website anywhere?
Is that on the website, George? I don't know.
Do you want me to check? I mean, you can't. If you want to, it sounds like a reasonable guy.
He doesn't sound like he's giving you like a hard time or a good time.
Read that bad time. I just happened. I missed it the week that you were playing at
during the... What is that thing called?
George, I don't know. Describe it.
You can't be hour-shave for your gay. What is that called?
Oh, God loves the hour. God loves the hour-shave.
Because I want to play it for God. It takes you because it'll kill some good time.
Is that right, sir? So it's not on the website. It's copy written in the material.
Oh, it's copy written in the material.
Okay. Any chance I can hear it today? Right now.
Thank you, sir.
See you.
Bye-bye.
Because it'll kill like 71 seconds.
You're a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
I'm a
You can be seen.
Can drunken.
Herl and
Drunks will laugh it all away.
But you can't be a
You should be a
You should be a
You should be a
Don't even try
Be a
You should be a
You should be a
Okay, 21
Till let's get to the killed 71 seconds. Nice. Thank you very much, sir.
And also at a very nice fact, George is he's got a tear.
It's his hanging in my opinion. There's no comparison between George and Josh last
Chris.
Chris.
George is intelligent with the in well read on many subjects. Chris and Josh are well. They're Chris and Josh
George, I don't want you to think I'm brown. No, it says it's four or five years ago
I would listen when the old sound vacation a few minutes was enough for me. George has really evolved into a good talk radio personality
Signed P
Well, at least it didn't put the cold in the pee which was sticking their tongue out on halfway through the box of tissues already
All right, and that's we it is
And also sketchy see I turned on sketchy
He's a fan. I think I should
By the way because Josh was just in here. You know, he hears the show and everything like that
And they're not gonna drive a wedge between me and Josh. We're tight
I got news for a piece half as affectionate with you as he is with me then you're gonna be with me on time
Feel good
It's not so very hard to do
The name of the game is the Bible says if you are prepared to where we do tell people you know the way
In by them to your house
Make their possessions away
And then you burn it down
You can get somebody to believe that
I will say it's true
No matter what you do you can be glory of the Lord will always forgive you pick up the poison and snake
Wave it all around
Find the fortune's linest
And you to doctor down
Oh
You make a sacrifice
and over and stick to the mrs. on the door frame baby whatever you know what it what does that mean mrs.
it means door frame yeah i guess or door decoration you said it means uh... bubble my
season for the way before you uh... you know jet on out of here you should know that i
got your package
tickets
oh you got the marlin stuff yeah i went on an offer
chris did it you know chris has his value
despite what these people said i never i never know chris
still be the back of the piece of fantons early i never know i think he kisses my
ass big time in a paid off because i'm not redundant isn't it fat and
certainly yeah whatever so what should i do with them
what you do with my tickets
mail them to my uh... pale box i
or that's okay because otherwise if you leave me laying around and you come
in on monday or g niels marlin tickets are all you know like that
or somebody will write all through them and pick up and cherry pick and take
all the uh... good games almost a gosh darn yeah
might have a sketchy you know he uh...
he or them the band whatever sketchy you know that group
the local group
uh... no
you know the friend on here and i read that turned it down because there's no it's
just a picture alarm clock you know there's a nice
let me tell you know it's uh... but it's a group it's a band
he's got a few friends
two hundred sixty nine friends to be exact and the same way you can be like real
people so whatever it's all comes to the gelt to watch airy pick
get away from my tickets you may be at get away from the car mother scratcher
he's cherry spicken yet
uh...
it's cherry spicken my marlin tickets
you may be at
no you're gonna have to uh... ask very nicely gonna have to request for spree
all right and if they're not one by somebody was today is
you want to you can have today's
now let me ask you about the seats Miguel because you're the expert were others
really good seats
he doesn't use them what would mean your life and you've used them
i have you
and
the great seats
see there you go the world where they're thirteen rows up they're awesome
on one of the first base i
this is on the first base i guess all that that's good that's what i like on
the first base i'd thirteen rows up what's not to like
the one you can have the ones for today
i they're in my hands
and exchange for that just uh... keep a close watch on uh... on that my space
project here is okay well i'm away
you got it
and don't and don't mess with it don't be partying with all my good friends on
a read the don't be uh... sticking your nose in the window belong i'll leave them
alone i will guarantee that that man right there has read every email that i've
sent and received since since they want to trust me i have not
and you would want to either you'd be in tears right now i told you
i want no part of the emails
what does that mean
that's the case case she will send it but he's never gonna do it before one
clock is the i can see that even online uh... you know so i'll do it from
over there
all i'll let him in
okay she got to take it for a good way that it's a well i'm gonna have a
well don't let him go diving through those are there will be anything gone you
know that's that's one of the few perks i get out of that damn place we said
the eighty-seven dollars
may be how much cash when you have tickets to ballgame they have no interest in
how about some panthers playoff tickets
really good or some to run a playoff ticket
oh my god
talk about it all full though let's talk some hockey last few minutes extra
for georgia one to two hour
so what are you going to do between one and two o'clock music makes stuff up
talk about crack cocaine adultery on good Friday oh excellent that sounds good
me that's why play every irreverent one not everyone but i played as many
irreverent the bits as i could possibly come up with that i'll play the rest
yeah you play with or play the same ones over again
that surprises that might sleep too because you know that's a lot of pressure on
me to fill in for you i know that and and don't be surprised i wouldn't plan
for the whole hour just quite yet because don't surprise like if you're not
doing a really sensational hour like about twenty after one of joe comes
waltz and in it well a good buddy we got that tape in there that
Chris has got all i wouldn't have had to come in if not for that if not for
what that one o'clock hour you know if they're going to play some tapes you
should have told me that stay home today
i didn't ask you to come in for the whole show i said that i'm
no but what am i going to do come in at one o'clock i mean well i'd love to be
wrong with that because i want my day i'm going to take a day off somewhere
sometime i want the whole day so i'm going to come in for the whole day so i
can take a whole day you can take a whole day anytime you want
all right see you i'll be back today now one thing i got to be careful about not
doing here is because the last time we did this when i split a one o'clock
i think i left you hanging because because i'm used to you know back timing up to
the uh you know the end of the show to two o'clock
and so i did the thing i don't know with that whatever the hell i did it was not
right it wasn't good so i'm going to try to do better today or i could just play
i could do the break now and leave you like an extra four minutes but that would
be bad let's go back over that pool here one more time
933 you can already tell my voice i got my shoes on my pantaloonies my shirt
i'm fully dressed i'm ready to go i'm ready to hit the road jack
933 votes boy oh boy a piece of cake will have about nine
fifty or close to about the top of the hour you could you could lay on a floor in
there and place them in at horrible music that you're
known for playing and still get a thousand votes
am i right Chris correct we set you up real good we hand we handed it over to
you in really good shape it's like those relay races you know and i hand you the
baton and they've been running like a bad out of
now it's up to you you're grabbing the baton all right this don't squeeze it too
tight the first thing i noticed about a person i'm attracted to is their
blank that's good pull today now who'd that come from Charlie B thank you Charlie
it's about time now Charlie's okay just like rippinum nascissi deserves the
crazy to obsessed with me okay let's have some pulls for example this
pool here today is not about Neil thank you Charlie it's about
freaking time when Neil farts does it tell you what he had for breakfast is
and i didn't have any bacon this morning either i'm pretty peeled about that
what i need to do is and i could have done it i could have gone out eight o'clock and
gone to the market got me some my nukeable bacon i i didn't do it
and you want to know why why because i'm gonna eat like a pig on a plane i
landed not good but it just keep bringing the food they keep bringing more
anymore cabin crew take your seats i just i love that
cabin crew the first thing i noticed about a person i'm attracted to is their face
299 breasts 185 but 122 i's 93 smile 39 i hate this pool only 31 i'm here 3.3
percent hair 28 legs 27 body shape 21 teeth 16 balls 15 feet 13
clothes 13 their hips 10 height five shoes five it's a good thing they don't look at
my shoes because then they'll see i'm not wearing any socks and you get all upset
who was i'm not wearing any socks so hands for abs for shoulders to arms to
and that one whoever wrote it for jewelry we're back in the beginning it must have
been yesterday when i put the pool on it thank goodness for you because otherwise
jewelry be lonely jewelry be all alone and that would be bad so it's got one vote
mm-hmm
what i'm just i'm just thinking about whether i want to you know do the break
now and i mean what turns is it make i don't want to i don't want to pretend
like i'm you know on the way out of here or something like that that would be
really bad but you are yeah i am right i got my one when i take it i got
my shoes on so i can't would buy nothing i wish christwood has said on wednesday
or josh or both of them hey listen don't be in such a big hurry just because we
got the ball game you know go to lunch have yourself a nice leisurely lunch
killer couple hours anyway lose so much today that would have been a good idea
Chris he did your first time for next time i think it's on made the second when we
have a marlin game at one o'clock kind of went to keep that in mind and say hey
listen you old queen just go to lunch now like you're looking at the drop in we
got if i could find it i'll find it
what he says go to lunch George go to lunch all right will you go to lunch
i'm gonna know you because later you go you might actually have a couple bucks
when you come back unlikely
it's racist so it shouldn't be done but the capital
you stick around like this you know what logic is
and so how dare you think of people you just take down an apology
you think it's like that add in and you know all of it
oh wow wait a second man what do you think the teacher is going to look like this
here
oh
the teacher
listen teacher go to see you don't want to be in an octave
maybe I should go to hell but i'm doing well Teaching is to see me after school
Oh, right.
I think of all the education that I miss.
But then my homework was never quite like this.
Go.
Got it bad.
Got it bad.
Got it bad.
I'm a habitation.
Yes, I am.
I'm got it bad.
So bad.
I'm a habitation.
Over.
Go.
Hey, I heard you miss this.
Maybe I do it in the gentleman.
I brought my pencil.
Thank you.
Now, the guns machine.
Here's some right on.
Oh, man.
I think the flag is slow.
I don't feel sorry.
Got it bad.
Got it bad.
Got it bad.
Foddy's not a teacher.
Nobody.
I got it bad.
So bad.
Foddy's not a teacher.
He's a gentleman.
I'm a habitation.
Got it bad.
That's bad.
That's not a teacher.
I got it bad.
Hey, I'm a habitation.
That's correct.
That's correct.
I'm a habitation.
103, 560 WQAM, I hate starting at 1 o'clock.
I hate starting at 10, too.
But, you know, what are you going to do with an hour?
Except maybe play some music.
I could talk about the fun we had over at the...
What's it even called now?
I keep calling it the Hollywood Beat Resort.
The one right on the In-A-Hollywood Boulevard.
I love that place I used to.
Well, it's a nice-looking hotel.
That's the kind of hotel that you would want to buy.
Like, right there right at the end, you go over the bridge,
you see it right in front of you.
It used to be pink.
They got a mall down underneath.
It's half empty.
And by half, I mean 90% empty.
And thank God for...
That's the reason I fired off that song.
I rediscovered a whole bunch of music.
I forgot about the whole Richard Cheese collection that I had in there.
And I don't think we played that when we were enjoying Richard Cheese the first time around.
But that's all I had to do was listen to my...
Walkman.
Now, how many days were you there?
We were there for three nights while the house got tented.
Because I live in a house of filth.
Oh, hi, honey.
How you doing?
Hope you feel better.
The mold over there, the mold and mildew on the carpets in the hallway
really did a number on her.
She's got the asthma thing going and boy, did it do a number.
The five-year-old, you know, the elevator door is open.
And the five-year-old goes, oh, what snows?
What's that snow?
And I said, that's the smell of our new home for the next three days.
And, you know, the weather was great.
At least the weather...
Not that that helped me at all.
Because I don't want the sun to see me anymore ever.
What's the point?
Who am I going to tan up for?
For the wife?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, yeah.
And, you know, despite what some people might think,
I'm very fair-complexed.
Not as fair as you are, Pinky.
Yeah, well, you know, what can I do?
I'm Irish.
Exactly.
So I don't want the sun to see me.
I break out, not just in freckles, but I get those red things anymore.
I don't want the sun to see me.
But you know, it's funny about going to a tourist-oriented hotel
when you're a local is the local people who work there.
They know that you're a local because you're milk-white.
You know, I said, oh, you people are from around here aren't you?
You tell, because we're glowing white.
We don't have a tan on.
And you're not lobster red.
And we're not lobster red.
We don't have the tourist tan.
We're not beet red.
And another thing.
Why do I want to go to the beach and see all the pi walk and buy?
What am I going to do with that image?
What am I going to do with that knowledge?
I'm going to follow them down the beach.
Hey, baby.
Rub some lotion on you.
Getting a little red around the shoulders over there.
I got some 30 SPF block.
Maybe you could have made some money on the side by.
You could have made some money on the side, bro.
Yeah, yeah.
Right.
And all the married guys know this.
All the family guys know this because I asked you.
I said, you know what's fun about a family vacation?
Nothing.
Nothing.
So you knew the answer already.
Most people wait for you to tell them.
And it's like, no, I didn't know if you knew.
Because everyone else is fun and comfort.
That's your responsibility.
That's your problem.
And it wasn't fun because we had to unload all the food out of the house
and everything else.
And we had to board the puppy.
So we call over there the reason that we booked the,
that hotel is because they said that they took pets.
And then, oh, psych.
We don't.
So it wasn't fun.
What's up with that?
It's up.
It was the whole obvious of the thing.
You know, they charge for everything.
I know it's been a long time since I've been in a hotel kind of a situation.
If you want to tell, that's a charge.
They are you guys in internet high speed internet access wireless internet access in all the rooms?
Yeah, that's a charge.
For a charge.
Right.
Whatever you want, that's a charge.
We feel very lucky because other people were complaining that the rooms were nasty.
At least our room was very nice.
And so we had a good time.
And I don't care about all the charges.
Just, just give it to me.
Don't make me wait for my umbrella.
I'm cooking.
I'm getting the tan I don't want to have.
I want a beach umbrella.
I mean, not the beach umbrella, but the poolside umbrella.
You want an umbrella?
That's a charge.
Fine.
Here I am with I got a lot of money.
I knew that everybody was going to have their hand out.
So I was ready for it.
Just bring it to me, Haitian.
Bring it to me.
The Haitians will make you miss the Mexicans.
Did the Haitians just kill and eat the Mexicans when they came over here?
Didn't it used to be Mexicans over there?
Everyone did.
Did we just have a hundred of them come in recently?
Well, I know where they're working.
And he was always talking about the Jamaican women with their imperial attitude.
At least the Jamaicans, I tried to explain this to Neil before.
The Jamaicans fought the British off eventually.
They had their own slave revolt in Jamaica.
And they fought the white man and won.
And so if they have an attitude, at least they have an excuse for their attitude.
What's your excuse, Haitian man, Haitian woman?
Not wanting to see us for the breakfast buffet, even though I got a fistful of vouchers over here?
Just give me the vouchers.
I'm not going to give you the vouchers unless you can tell me that they're, you know,
that's checkout date today.
And if I can't get a table, we're not going to make our checkout time.
So if you tell me that there's a table somewhere that you're going to clear off one of these tables that's all messy
because half the tables are empty, but, you know, they got the other people's mess still on them.
And then I'll give you my fistful of vouchers.
Just give me the vouchers.
Just give me the vouchers.
Are you going to give me a table?
Just give me the voucher.
Have a nice day.
You have complained of the desk.
Do you think the fellow Rodriguez work in the desk cared?
Do you think she cared?
No.
No.
No.
This is the way it's all going.
You know, this is just one place, but that's the way the world now, isn't it?
No service, no quality, no nothing.
It's gone.
It's a memory.
I sound like one of these old parts.
And my day, hey, hey, that was just, you know, a few years ago.
That wasn't even that long ago.
Service gone.
I suppose people are going to call up.
I was like, well, you stayed at the wrong place.
Hey, how am I supposed to know?
The place where we stayed, the one time that we had to do something similar, I forget whether it was
Tenting or something.
We went over to the beach.
There was a motel kind of a place.
And it was just fine.
They had the really big, good joining rooms.
We were able to put the kids in one room.
Ourselfs in the other room.
This is very important.
They had a kitchenette so you could take care of your own food situation.
They didn't charge you for a cushion by the pool.
But they closed it down.
It's gone now.
And we did the online research.
The whole, we take pets thing was the deciding factor of that whole thing.
And then psych, we don't.
And did you guys call ahead of time and see if they took pets?
Yeah.
Yeah, right.
That's awesome.
Well, that's what you get now.
That's the way of the world, especially down here in South Florida.
We only know our own environment.
I haven't been in a hotel anywhere else in a very long time.
So maybe I don't know.
In Orlando, it's a better situation because of the whole Disney World thing.
As a matter of fact, I got a Disney credit card.
Hey, thank you, Tony's.
There's Tony's.
You think I'm going to have time for that Greek salad now?
Oh well, that's too late.
Tony's, thank you very much.
193rd in Northwest 7th.
Second.
Wait, I don't even know where we are anymore.
And I was only gone for a day.
It's 441 and 193rd Street.
Tony's.
Great place.
Got a surprise coming up after this next break.
And I should probably spend a little moment setting it up because not a lot of people know who Alison and I guess does Hank talk about her on the air?
Oh, of course.
Our hearts collectively go out for Alison with the exception of the Beast and Robert Grieper who hate her.
That's no lie, right?
I mean, that's the...
I don't know if they still have the feeling of it.
I don't know.
I think everyone should feel sorry for Alison because she is the token female in this corner of the building in this glorified locker room sausage fest that we call a radio station over here.
And she's just a peach.
What do you want to say about her?
She's a sweetheart.
Very nice.
She is.
I mean, you can joke with her.
She doesn't matter.
She's got a good sense of humor, but she has crippling shyness.
So we're going to embarrass her on the air.
What else would you do with someone who has crippling shyness?
Shrinks from attention.
Doesn't want their picture taken.
Doesn't want to be talked about.
What do you do with a person like that?
But drag them kicking and screaming onto the air and give them a lot of attention that they don't want.
So if you do all the sun that I got that I didn't want.
If you want to see her brighten up, just start talking about gossip.
Celebrity gossip.
Celebrity gossip shows.
No, it's great.
So we have something to...
To chat about since I can't talk sports with her.
Although, hey, who took second place in the March Madness pool here in the radio station?
Yeah, yeah.
Their person there looks at me even still.
I know nothing about college sports.
I didn't even go by the numbers.
I chose some upsets.
And I took second place.
How do you like that?
And who took first?
The Beast's wife.
How to eat that sport holes?
Anyway, we're going to start embarrassing Allison right after this next break.
112 on all embarrassment radio 560 QA answers.
But show.
For wasn't for suds there'd be no show.
No show.
No show.
She works for a radio station in the gay sports format in town.
In a part of the building populated by men, she's the only girl around.
She has to take quarters from ankle bird in every afternoon around three.
She has had to thank for her back his and her.
You can hear him yell and scream.
Allison, I got to get some candy.
Allison, I want my M&A.
Allison is rat infested crap house.
Allison, where's my jitter jizz?
And why is it so stinking, told in here?
Not so cool.
I hate this place.
This is it.
There's no management here.
Where's my stick and Italian dressing?
How can they get my Italian dressing?
Allison, there ain't no ventilation.
Allison, ain't no ventilation in this crap house.
Where's Joe Bell?
Allison, the rally mafia.
Allison, Goddredd a stupid piece of crap.
Allison, Goddredd my soul, trust.
Allison, where's my live, a wife, sandwich.
Allison, and I have a pillow.
I want my pillow now.
I like beer.
Interviews and business has the stuff of the radio show, Allison.
And we love you.
We all love you dearly.
Welcome to the glorified locker room that we call a radio station.
Okay, you're dismissed.
You can go back to that beer busy work.
That they're having you do one-on-one interviews with all the producers.
As to what end?
Nobody in this place knows anything about radio.
There never was that first person who taught the other person how to run a board, edit tape, edit sound.
Read these meters.
These little meters.
They think that they're here for decoration.
These lights, these meters.
They bounce around.
It's just decoration.
It's like when you're watching some sci-fi show and they have the wall of blinking lights that mean nothing.
That's not all the guys that work here think all that stuff for.
You don't understand any one piece of equipment in here.
And you're going to have a one-on-one with these people to what end?
They show them a picture of a football player and then watch their crotch and see if their wrinkles leave their jeans and then they're hired.
That's the hiring criteria here.
That smell of pizza is driving me nuts and I don't want to eat any.
You understand what a pig, when you're on vacation and you're eating out, eating out, you eat all the wrong things.
Although I got to say this about my experience over there at the...
Let's just call it the Hollywood Beach Resort because I guess the hotel that exists there now is a Ramada.
But in the under part of it, sort of the walkway behind it, they have...
Well, they have the omalis, which is fine.
That's the bar.
That's right by the pool over there.
And that's a fine bar and restaurant.
But here's a little unsung place.
Kind of tucked away underneath the walkway right next to where they rent the bicycles is Nats.
With an N-Nata-G.
Nats.
And it's kind of a...
Not a whole lot of items on the menu, but what they do, they do right.
And I had like some shrimp scamper or something.
It was phenomenal.
I mean, it was great.
And it's always the little touches that clue you in on how much people care, how much the chef cares about something.
They had, you know, the little parmesan bread was really thin yet soft, but firm.
And here's the best part.
It was just...it was lightly sprinkled with the finest grated parmesan cheese, like they grated it with a molecular grater.
It was like fresh parmesan...
It was dusted.
Yeah, yeah.
And the bread just melted in your mouth and the parmesan cheese just melted in your mouth.
And the pasta was actually fresh and I'll vent it like, you know, not like they had this pot of pasta that they make in the morning on Monday.
And then use it the whole furlough rest of the week.
So it was really good and the wife's food was good and the daughter had a burger.
And it was good.
So I just want to make a special mention to that place.
It's worth the valet charge.
The valets were great.
The valet...well, I'm trying to find good things to say.
The valets were right on the ball.
Top notch.
And maybe because I'm a tip and fool.
You know, I was even going above and beyond the normal Cuban tip level.
Cubans are chronic tippers.
It's all about show.
You understand when you're hanging with the Cuban, you understand that they have to show how much money they have by making a very visible display of tipping and over tipping in case you hadn't noticed.
No, I haven't.
I weren't even beyond that.
You know, I just, I walked in waving.
I fan my money out like it was some fan like a Japanese fan or something.
And I was like, did you be on a trip or serve me?
Did I want to make a rain?
No, it didn't rain until afterwards.
What is that?
Is that a some joke on a gift?
That's the new thing where you know, you start your money up in the air?
Oh, no, I didn't.
I didn't do that.
But I'd say what if it had gotten the Haitian guy to bring me my umbrella faster, I would have made a freaking downpour.
I would have rained all over his ass.
Just please, God, bring me the umbrella.
I'm blistering right now, right before your eyes, you can see my skin blistering.
Look, Miguel.
I'm Tanner than you've ever seen me in my life.
That's the best Daniel ever see on me right now.
The incidental tan, the accidental tan, just a little bit of sun that caught me running between shaded areas.
All for the whole last week.
QIAM hello.
Yeah, you are.
QIAM hello.
Hello.
Georgie.
Saw.
What's up, buddy?
You tell me.
Hey, you couldn't say that my house was in there for a couple of days.
Was your wife?
Ah.
She goes where I go.
I see.
Well, she could say that.
Unfortunately, so does mine.
Yeah, I know.
It's like an invisible rope in chain that we have in between us.
It's not invisible at all.
You can see mine.
Oh, remember those two Haitian people?
Because they'll might be the ones that are showing up at your next garage.
Where does the attitude come from?
Yeah.
That's the claim to fame.
Yeah, I know.
I know.
You would think that we owe them all.
You know, the people said, well, we were about to keep us.
Well, the Cubans took over the community.
What?
You know, does that not earn you an attitude?
Maybe, maybe not.
But nevertheless, there isn't a politician that can get elected in Dave County without a Z on the end of their name.
So there you go.
There's an attitude excuse.
And then they have the same attitude when they go to the garage sales.
Really?
Oh, you're right.
I talked about that.
You did have that.
Haitian ninjas fell out of the sky and were picking through these fine shirts going, I'll give you a quarter.
I'll give you a quarter.
This is a van using shirts still in the wrapper for $5 for Christ's sake.
Give you a quarter.
I'll give you a quarter.
She's by the same one that was picking care of your friends at the ranch.
Maybe the voucher lady.
I'll give you a quarter for the voucher.
Well, there you go.
Next time she comes to your office, if you don't have a voucher, you can get the shirt.
Maybe.
All right, buddy.
All right, take it easy.
QAM, hello.
Yeah, it's line nine.
Did you know this one?
Not what line that was that we were just listening to?
Was it one?
Yes, it was.
Well, the line one came on before I was gone.
We were right here.
It came up like in the middle of the show.
Oh, did it?
I was still in your back.
Listen, I smoke a lot of dope.
What's your excuse?
Well, I have a bad memory.
A contact tie.
I mean, so let's go through it.
I know, and we can talk next week since I'll be doing the show all next week.
I know, you have two now and now.
Make your plans to find something else to do now.
We'll assume that if you're listening and calling in that you like it.
300, if you haven't already seen it.
See it now while it's still in theaters.
Definitely.
Some of us have already pirated a high quality DVD copy of it.
Why is everybody in the room smiling?
Why is everybody in the room smiling?
I thought I was the only pirate around here.
I guess not.
This is like the freaking mutiny on the bounty.
This is the bounty over here.
This is the jolly rudder this whole studio right now.
This is a movie made to be seen in theaters.
A lot of people don't like the theater experience.
I like it as long as you get a good seat.
People aren't yelling all around you.
And the movie is something that's very visually enjoyable, visually compelling.
This thing was made for me to be on the movies.
It's moving art.
Pure and simple.
There isn't a scene in that movie that isn't just a pleasure to watch.
I don't want to say eye candy because I get accused of saying that a lot.
And I think maybe heard me say it once in my life.
Look, there's something for everyone.
Miguel is talking about the torso.
Oh yeah, wall-to-wall torso.
It's ladies, torso.
But there's a runaway nipple or two or three.
Correct.
I counted three nipples.
Anyone else?
Anyone counted any more nipples?
No, no, one girl showed two nipples and then there was the...
I guess it's the oracle.
Oh yeah.
Swimming around and space thing.
It was cool.
As a matter of fact, it made me really wish I had some acid.
Anyone?
Asad?
I'll pay for the tickets if you guys have a gel tab.
This is the movie.
If you've been saving your acid since it hasn't been around for a long time, this is the movie to waste it on.
To spend it on it will be very well spent, tripping acid during this movie.
It's just a beautiful movie.
And there's something for everyone.
I know Miguel.
It's not got lots of torso.
Listen, you need to look at it this way.
Guys who are dating.
I know.
I ain't even going to go there.
There's always that conflict.
The chicks want to go see a chick flick.
And the guys want to go see something with a lot of bloodshed or action.
This has something for everyone.
You've got all these washboard torsos that the women are just going to be drooling over.
And then those guys with those torsos proceed to start hacking up on people.
Cutting off arms, legs, limbs, sticking soles through neck and eyes and chests.
And it's all great stuff.
Obviously, you know, this part in the war a little bit more armor than that.
A leather spido and a red cape.
But nevertheless, this is about art.
And obviously, Xerxes wasn't an eight foot tall gay.
Well, he might have been gay.
I don't know, but he's probably like an old bearded guy.
By the way, here's a little bit of trivia for the people who watched Lost.
A couple of weeks ago, they had this little side story about these two people that were con artist
and they wind up getting buried alive.
The guy that winds up getting buried alive on Lost was the guy that played Xerxes,
the giant gay guy in 300.
So it's Friday.
A lot of people going out wondering what to do.
Go see 300.
Stand out for a while.
It's been sending some records.
Right, at least I didn't like long on plot.
It doesn't have a great, huge giant plot.
It's pretty much straight up.
Persians are attacking.
Spartans are defending.
I ain't going to tell you who wins because look it up on Wikipedia.
It's a matter of history.
It's all fantastic.
They got fantastic stuff going on and fantasy creatures.
And I don't think Xerxes was really eight feet tall.
You know, and you know, I mean, was he really gay?
I don't imagine that he was that gay because who was?
Who was as gay as they made that guy in the movie?
With his gold-painted body and his long gold fingernails and whatnot.
But it's just something to see.
And if there's something else out there that's as good as that to see
because the weekends coming up, I would love to see something so that I can
praise it or trash it for the whole next week.
I'd like to know what that is.
What Ninja Turtles?
I don't know.
I'm at a loss.
Somebody think of that and then call when we come back.
127 on all-time killing radio, 560 QAM.
Friday.
I grew up in a Catholic way, served as an altar boy every Sunday.
After Master Priest would ask if I could stay away, but ask me to go on a little job.
Work me that an angry guy, wouldn't be pleased if I didn't get me down on my knees.
And that nobody should ever know that he showed me his holy role.
Altering boys when they wear a dress comes in handy for easy access.
They reach up under there and give it a grab and like it best when they're not sex-ad.
The parents got mad at him when he got caught.
At least until the Vatican made him all off.
They shipped them out to Arizona to where it trained to get forgiven by the Pope and give his little brown room.
You do, you do, you do.
So got some taxes over here.
27 to 2, 560 QAM in the magazine in your mailbox today or tomorrow.
Best of Hollywood.
There are some 50 dollar off.
I that can't be 50 dollars, maybe five dollars off.
Whatever, look at the handwriting here Chris, so you know that it's not just me going blind.
Yes.
It's a little bit challenging.
Coupons for Nat Beach Cafe, that's the place that I was talking about.
Also just north, try the Mexican Mama Seatas says Harv.
Thanks Harv, work on that handwriting.
Nat Beach Cafe.
And another thing I liked about Nat Beach Cafe is, and I don't know if the guy was, I don't know if it was Nat.
But I don't know if he was the cook wearing an apron.
But this dude wearing an apron kept coming out to see how everything was.
Not the waitress who was, by the way, kind of cute.
And by kind of, I mean very.
kept coming out to see how everything was.
And if they could do anything else for us, etc.
How do you like that?
How often does that happen?
On the heels of me talking about how services just gone away.
Where it's gone, I don't know.
If you know where it is, call up and let us know so that we can go and enjoy that.
And also got a fact here from Wills saying, the Haitians did free themselves.
And look how far they've come.
To sent the Valtruz, actually fought off the Spanish in the French in 1803 to form the first independent Caribbean republic, or is that Caribbean you choose?
And the first black republic, one of Haiti's issues came from the fact that even into the 20th century, Haiti had to pay France 150 million francs now for it is 6 billion US dollars in an indemnity to maintain their freedom.
Well, if they were so tough, I didn't just say, hey, put that blood, Frenchman.
That doesn't sound like they achieved very much.
They had to continuously pay ransom.
I'm sorry, you know, I haven't with the exception of that yard sale, which I completely forgot about.
And I wasn't the one that had to encounter the Haitians.
I've always had a very positive opinion of the Haitians.
And everyone that I talk to always said, oh yeah, very hard working, very hard working.
Yeah, sure, why not?
I give everyone the benefit of the doubt.
No more. Thanks to that last experience I had.
QAIM, hello.
Hey.
Hey.
How are you doing, man?
I'm good. How are you?
Really good.
Hey, look. You know, I don't follow all the movies you see.
I mean, I can only follow one guy here.
You know, it's patient, which is Neil.
Right.
I tell you, I don't know if you've seen this without you.
You've seen Shooter?
No.
Oh, dude.
Oh, dude.
Is this a Alvin theater or cable?
It's on. It's on the theater.
Go shooter. He's like Mark Wahlberg, Danny Glover.
You know, Marky, Mark, I keep talking about that.
No, everyone laughed at him when he was going to be going into movies and I was one of them.
He has been a great actor and everything he's been in.
Even if the movie stunk, he showed up and took it seriously if no one else did.
I mean, did you like invincible?
Yeah.
Yeah, I mean, in the here, he plays a totally different character.
But you know, very intense. He's a very intense actor.
But I tell you what, if you remember the old Call of your concerts,
Watermelon's blowin' up.
Sure.
I tell you, Shooter, you're going to see heads blowin' up just like Wahlberg's all over the place.
Well, then there's one for me to see this weekend.
Hey, listen, what quick question for you?
What's the deal with people selling shrimp on the streetcrumbs?
I make fun of that all the time.
I call it road shrimp.
Hey, let's buy some road shrimp.
Like, you don't know where it's come from, how old it is.
Shrimp off the back of a rusty pickup truck.
I tell you, listen, how do I get off work tomorrow?
Let me see.
I go all my shrimp off the streaming.
Oh, you don't have to go that far.
Just go buy some at the supermarket and leave it in the sun.
Okay, take it here.
Take it over to the Hollywood Beatrizort and ask for an umbrella.
And your shrimp will never get it.
At QAIM, hello.
Hey, George.
How are you?
Hey, good.
Uh, grind house.
Oh, grind house is out already?
Come that tonight.
Okay, then that's what wins.
I'll see that Sunday morning.
We call that church.
Instead of going to church, like all the getch keys do, especially now that it's good Friday,
we're going to thank all the Catholics for continuing to fund the petafiled church.
You must love petafiles, since you can give them all your money.
That's a great idea.
Yeah, and it makes it a good Friday after all.
And what's going to be a good Friday, come to a clock?
In March, that Markey Mark Fella, he was good in the party.
Boogie Knight.
Okay, I didn't see that.
I want to see that.
Really?
Okay.
I'll steal it.
I'll steal it like I stole 300.
Well, I don't feel like I stole 300 since I went to see it in the theater twice.
And I took people with me and paid, so I feel very justified downloading my copy and, you know,
burning those for friends.
That lady's boogie bounced around like quite a bit.
Yeah, they did.
Jesus Christ.
Have a great weekend.
Have several.
QAIM, hello.
Yeah, you are.
QAIM, hello.
I'm smart.
Yeah, I know.
QAIM, hello.
Not like people say.
Hello.
Hey, I've heard a long time ago you guys promoted weird outconcer.
Are you guys still giving away chicken to that?
On this radio station?
Yeah, I'm not lying on it.
Anyone, anyone?
Chris?
Anyone?
No about us giving away tickets to the weird outconcer on this radio station?
Not that I've heard.
Sorry.
Thanks, man.
Let me check it out.
Go free, load somewhere else.
QAIM, hello.
Aratoh.
How you doing?
Hey, what's going on, brother?
Hey, listen, you know, I remember before 300 came out, they were hyping you up, and they were
going to show it at the IMAX.
And we didn't know that we did it to the day you were going to show it.
I was pissed off when I went out.
Thank you for reminding me about that.
We kept checking the listings, checking the listings.
I want to see that at the IMAX.
I heard the same thing you did.
Oh, in theaters and IMAX.
I'm checking online.
I'm looking at the paper.
I want to go to the IMAX to see that thing.
That would be great.
And no.
Nothing.
Nothing.
You're right.
They were tricking us around.
Well, I'm on my way to my video store now.
So I'm going to anything you might think I should be watching that.
The departed.
Is it on a video already?
Yes, I don't know.
Okay, that's what Chris says.
The departed.
I didn't have a choice for you.
The departed.
Oh, I saw it.
That's what Chris says.
So if you don't like it, see my choices come with a money back guarantee.
Well, he said, I know you hate Matt Damon, but what about the Good Shepherd movie?
I don't hate Matt Damon.
Oh, no.
No.
Oh, okay.
I thought you were.
No, no, no.
No problem with Matt Damon.
Matt Damon.
Have you seen the Good Shepherd bandage?
No.
Oh, okay.
I guess I'll check it out.
Have a good day.
See, you two have a several ones.
So yeah, I'm paying the big, big cable bill, you know, the one with everything.
If it's a Comcast service, I got it.
If it's a channel they carry, I got it.
I got, I'm like, whatever the bill is as much as they can charge someone, that's me.
So I feel like I need to wait for things to come out on cable so that I'm getting my money's worth.
Is that sound cheap or idiotic?
No, that sounds fine.
Okay, I mean if I do feel like I can't wait for something then of course I'll steal it like everyone else.
QIM, hello.
QIM, hello.
Hey, Joe, what's up?
You tell me.
And look, the two things real quick.
Have you seen the soft folk show, the one about the naggers?
Are you kidding me?
First of all, here's something that since we don't know each other, just understand this.
I don't miss a South Park ever.
Oh, no, no, I got to get it.
And if I miss it on Wednesday, I'll catch it on Thursday.
If I catch it on, and if I miss it on Thursday, I must have been killed.
No, no, no, no, no.
That was insane.
Did you see the most reason one though?
This Wednesday's last night?
No, no, no.
Oh, oh, oh, hey.
Don't declare that your favorite one yet.
Don't say, don't say, don't say, don't say.
Dude, it's all about Catholics and the Easter Bunny and everything.
And I thought we were going to die.
I thought I was getting kicked in the stomach the whole episode last night.
No, yeah, you were kidding me.
Or Wednesday night, sorry.
What?
Yeah, with the Jack of Apple, with the rabbi.
Yeah.
Okay, I thought it was all about the Easter Bunny.
Okay.
Alright.
We'll give it away.
See, I don't want to say anything about it, because it's all full of surprises.
No, hey, Jordan, the second thing is, please keep mentioning you've finished second place in the poll.
Because it's for all of us.
And I didn't even go by the numbers.
I know they must have been saying some kind of like, oh, he just chose.
He just chose the numbers.
No, I didn't.
I chose a couple of upsets in there.
And I always favor states that I have lived in or have property.
Like, I favored Florida and North Carolina a lot.
Of course, I was wrong about North Carolina, like everyone else was.
Yeah, right.
But nevertheless, you know, I finished second.
I chose Florida, no, hi, I was right.
And I didn't just go by numbers either.
So, eat it.
Yeah, no, hey, Jordan, this is fun.
It's the second place and the beast's wife.
And the beast's wife.
That's right.
And Hank, like dedicated three weeks or months,
interviewing all these coaches.
And you coming second place with not like sports at all.
I watched half of one game, the whole thing, and that was during the March Madness.
I don't watch any games leading up to it.
I don't know anything about these.
All right, Jordan, you think I'm going to do it?
All right, take it easy.
And of course, stuff came in here and said, just vote for the teams that have a lot of black guys on it.
I wouldn't know who that is.
I wouldn't know what team that is.
I would have to have watched a game at some point to begin to have a clue.
Speaking of clue, say Teen Toll 2 on 560 QIM.
799!
Oh, John!
Oh, John!
Well, when he was alive back in 1489, he was a little guy who stood 4.5,
kind of rounded, faced him with a couple of jins,
and he was in charge of the Vatican.
Oh, John!
Oh, John!
Oh, John!
And both fires John!
You see, the folks at freest forget Married Back then,
and spread the money round to their offspring and kin.
So the Bakers at the Vatican may marriage his sin,
and that mows the problem for his husband and him, Pope John.
The scandalous secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress,
back then they all dressed in drag, that helped keep it hidden.
Because if anyone found out he'd lose the game, Pope John!
Oh, John!
Oh, John!
Pope-bias John!
One windy day as dressed blew up in a gusset,
someone yelled, hey, that guy has no luck!
And like Marilyn Monroe is skirt belowed high,
and everyone knew it was the end of the line for Pope John.
Embarrassed and worried, the bank would go broke,
the Vatican chimneys melt down holy smoke,
from the history of spin doctors had this erased not long after they had this
briefly replaced Pope John.
Oh, John!
Oh, John!
Pope-bias John!
They'd buried him or her out of public view in a tomb held together with Scott Tape and Blue.
These few words are written on his tomb!
We pray that everybody will forget about you, Pope John!
Pope John!
Pope-bias John!
12-256-DQ-A-M, you know, I'm thinking about playing another song.
It's not too long, it's like three minutes, but it's a real song song, not a bit.
Just because it's brand new, and I want to get it out there before anybody else in this town plays it.
Not that I feel a particular kind of rush,
because I don't think it's going to be a rush.
Because it doesn't fit into any kind of a format that anyone radio station represents in this town anymore,
and that would be good music.
It's very pop sounding, and I'm sure somebody like, why 100?
This sounds like something that why 100 will eventually play eventually.
And I want to get it out there first, so the people say,
hey, George played that song a couple months ago.
Like I did with a whole bunch of other stuff.
I would play Nelly Furtado before anybody ever heard of her.
Because she was on that movie soundtrack.
And it's very weekend oriented, so I think I just might in it'll kill three minutes.
Almost as if it were a game day, because it's just, you know,
I hate killing these last hours of the show.
You can't get anything going.
I don't want to start talking about any of the material that I had written down waiting for next week.
You follow what I'm saying.
What am I going to do?
Get a conversation going on.
And then I'm going to bring that stuff back up again,
like I've got the finale of George's Possum Adventure.
I don't want to add anything.
I didn't have to deal with what the what now?
If the tinting had to deal with that.
The tinting.
Tinting.
Why did not have anything to do with the Possum that is no longer a problem,
but I don't want to get away from that.
I've also got the secret about the secret.
Have you been watching the commercials and the documentaries?
Maybe you've seen people walking around with a book and or the DVD
that they can't keep in stock, no matter how many of them they order,
they order the video source, the secret, you know, the secret.
How to get everything you want?
I haven't heard about that.
You haven't?
Just it just didn't, and I'm not going to go all deep into it right now.
But the premise of the secret that you can have anything you want just by deciding and thinking about it,
just by deciding that you're going to get it and thinking about it all the time.
Now, everybody that heard me say that right now is going,
you know, doing that BS cough thing,
because all the men right now are saying,
well, I think about pie all the time.
I think about having sex while I'm having sex.
I'm thinking about having sex with somebody else while I'm having sex with this one over here.
And I'm not, you, you, you follow it like I know that Chris in there in the other room is thinking about getting laid pretty much continuously.
And there's a big difference between how much he's thinking about and how much he's actually doing.
It's probably a very big difference.
So I'm going to bust open the secret,
and I'll tell you the secret about the secret all next week.
See, solve it.
Well, we got the, they were, the, the wife got the DVD or something at the library,
which makes me feel really good that we didn't spend any money to see this thing because I'm thinking,
just, Tony, don't spend any money on this.
I'll go steal it if you really that curious about yet another hokey thing.
How those language more hoven for?
I don't know.
I don't know, but you know, I'm on demand, the, the, the five-year-old discovered on on demand,
because she, she just took over the on demand living room TV, watches Ubi and Pinkie, Pinkie, Pinkie, Dinky, Dinky,
and all this other stuff.
She discovered that they have all these language shows for kids.
So right now, she knows way more Portuguese, Hebrew, and sign language than I'll ever, ever know.
Because those are the shows that they have over there.
She's watching the Hebrew.
And I'm like, Hebrew?
And then everybody got, and people are, people listening right now, what's wrong with Hebrew?
Nothing, nothing.
Just how often do you encounter it?
They should have Haitian on there.
Maybe then I could have gotten an umbrella and a seat at the breakfast buffet.
If I had been able to speak, is it Creole that they speak?
Is it Patwal? What is it?
I don't know.
We're going to have to explore the whole Haitian thing a little bit more next week.
Because I didn't know that they were holes.
I gave them all the benefit of the doubt.
Strangers, people that you never encountered before, this is the Montana way, the way that they were with me.
What's a Cuban?
I don't know, but this is, here I am.
I'm right here in front of, whatever.
You're okay with us until you give us a reason not to be.
Well, they gave me lots of reasons.
So I think how long is this next break?
Is that a strong break?
426.
426.
Well, I think I'll close the show with that song.
But I have to take the break right now.
By the way, love our Haitists and even the groove.
A lot of people write this down.
They just found songs called party and an opportunity and hard to remember.
The group is love, our tape.
If anybody's heard this already, then you must be struggling at the same magnitude as I think.
Anyway, have a great weekend.
We're at it here.
This weekend comes and it's not as it should.
I'm sharing it again.
What you gotta get?
You gotta get up and call somebody.
Why?
Just your time is ticking.
Oh, you're stressed my heart's moving wide.
Hey, did you forget?
I think it's only been about too many.
Two minutes, what's that she said?
There's a party going on today.
Are you sure about that?
Oh, yeah, I'm the one who's stressing below in the grand.
Move it up and let it hit the bottom.
We can say it.
Who has it?
That's a party, party, starting.
And you're on your way.
This party got to shrink on this music video.
And you're trying not to get fired.
And you're on your way.
This party got to shrink on this music video.
And you're on your way.
And you're trying not to get fired.
And all these people come from the track of music video.
We don't get out the camera.
You gotta get up, you gotta get up and call your body.
And you'll move your body, can you?
I'm gonna have a party, I'm gonna get this, here we go.
Hey, who's still the last time?
Who's like a white tummy?
Tell me what's in that back leg.
To the heart school.
Now that they're dreaming of this, that they're not back.
Hey, tell me what's that sound?
Who's taking it and everybody get down?
To the base of tape
To the body
Try not to get tired of this
Try not to get tired of this
Try not to get tired of this
Try not to get tired of this
Try not to get tired of this
Yes, you're not dead
When it comes to entertain its Neo-Rodgers midday
I'm a robot
420 or 560 WKYM
Miami 4th Latter-Day
