The New Year!
NFL films presents the game's greatest scores.
He was born Thomas Edward Brady Jr.
and he grew to rule a New England dynasty.
Three Super Bowl rings,
twice Super Bowl MVP
and a playoff resume akin to a first-class ticket to Canton, Ohio.
However, his powers on the gridiron
gives way only to his powers in the bedroom.
For late in the 2006 season,
Tom Brady achieved the greatest back-to-back scoring feat in the modern era.
First he impregnated so-tree Hollywood starlet, Bridget Moynihan,
then against all odds,
this heroic field general bedded and inseminated
lingerie Supermodel, Jizel Bunchin,
and so in honor of his triumphs between the hash marks and between the sheets,
we bequeath the laurels and regale among the game's greatest scores.
Number 12, Tom Brady.
Well, you might say he's a mighty potent guy,
important guy with you, a potent guy.
Or something like that.
We're gonna list a forget about it, right?
Just be jealous, which I think is really what it's all about.
10 out of 2 at 5.60 WNQM, so we find out to the grapevine this morning
that Robert Greeper told Kim of O'Kamper not once, not twice, but three times.
This is the rumor, well, almost three times that I said the C-word on the year on Friday,
and we had that big, or on Thursday, I guess, whatever it was.
No matter what day of pick it didn't happen anyway.
Now, while with somebody do that, unless they were looking to be a Schmitt Distribute on him,
so Robert, unless they were a real weasel, a little piece of crap,
which is why I'm still there.
I've been saying that for how many years now?
Maybe he just knew that you'd like the material.
Yeah, right.
He's thinking about you.
Drop dead, Robert.
Drop dead soon.
Anyway, look at this.
New Gallup Survey finds that 41% of Americans believe that creationism,
the idea that God created human beings pretty much in their present form at one time,
and in the last 10,000 years, is true.
41% of Americans believe that creationism is true.
Meanwhile, another 24% believe the answer lies somewhere in the middle of the two theories.
Call away a minute.
I skipped out.
28% believe evolution.
The idea that human beings developed over millions of years from less advanced forms of life,
like ameboes, things like that, is true.
Meanwhile, 24% believe the answer lies somewhere between the two theories.
Between God, between Iraq and a hard place.
There's a lot of people who are going to be in need of God.
Why?
God created the amebas.
Among Democrats, 57% believe in evolution while 40% don't.
Among Republicans, 30%
but third man believe in evolution and 68% do not.
Oh, brother.
New yandrothal Republicans, it is so sad, so depressing,
so you know, getch-keys is what we're talking about.
Religious nuts.
Well, good luck to you, okay.
How about you even a squirrel, though, like religious nuts?
How about Brady Quinn?
You think he's got religious nuts?
I'd pray.
Are you going to check?
I love eating nuts.
Get on my knees for the Lord.
Before we get it all up, Poles,
though, first this thing which yesterday,
George was giving me a bunch of crap.
And now today because today because he gets a fast from some chicken ball,
that's right away.
Chicken ball, that's my favorite dish.
Laurie and Baltimore.
I tried to explain it on the earth and say anything different that I didn't say on the earth.
Not true.
The rest of us who aren't from New York,
state or city don't know, don't care,
don't keep track of what's from what.
That isn't what you said at all.
All right.
So that, well, I'm not going to repeat the whole thing or what you have to do.
Because like every other argument with you,
you always win any upside.
Right.
And you always make it up, so.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Everybody said we've got the same thing.
When's the last time you were in upstate New York?
Again, upstate New York?
Never.
Never.
Never.
See, you're not making too dictative what I said.
I'm asking you, when's the last time you had gay sex?
Whenever it again, I told him,
when I opened up New York,
those are not even okay.
Gay sex and upstate New York.
I'm not about gay sex enough to be.
I mean, expert on what makes certain one someone straight.
How's that?
You can beat the expert on the bag.
I know what makes somebody straight, but that's not true.
Okay.
What's that being gay?
Can I go on to this thing?
Very well involved.
I'm going through this full song of dance.
You are impossible.
Right.
The one your wife despises you and has a voodoo doll.
Dear George writes, Laurie.
Oh, there it goes.
I'm the one who used my cable box.
Wow.
Well, I hit this thing too hard.
The cable box just went on the floor.
Well, let me go get it.
Okay.
That was bad.
Oh, it's good.
God's punishing you for changing what people say
when you have an argument with them.
Every time he'll lose his argument with somebody,
he changes what the other person said all the way around.
We can just go to the name.
We can just go to the name.
It's just pop crack.
We can just go to the name.
It's pop crack.
What?
It shows the wrong filler music of his life.
It's like a forever to get going.
It's a filling.
Come on, Indians.
Come on, Andy.
And they're here.
There you are.
Our secret is, ladies and gentlemen, they're here.
They're here.
They're here.
Hey, there it is.
No, here's Laurie's a fact.
She says, Dear George, I grew up in upstate New York
near Auburn.
Oh, how sad.
And lived in Rochester for seven years.
Even though, wow, that's a little better.
A Rochester used to be okay once upon a time in America.
I'm 52 years old, Laurie says, and I've never seen a norher
of an egg cream.
New York City is like a whole other country
when you live upstate.
That's right, Laurie.
Sorry, man.
Got a seven-knuckle-in-lomest one.
Love.
Laurie and Balmer.
She sure gets around from Auburn to Rochester to Baltimore.
She hits all the high spots.
And you're right, Laurie.
Thank you so much.
You got a seven-knuckle-in-lifetime.
That's because I, I mean, live a good chuck of my life there
for crying out loud out a little bit.
Something about it.
Yeah, I didn't say I knew more than you
or anything.
I said,
Well, good.
Whatever.
You know no squad about upstate New York.
No, I don't.
I never knew if they came in New York.
I never said I did.
And I didn't say they came from upstate New York.
And I admit I've never had an egg cream in my life
because I'm not a New York person.
When you talk about New York person,
it means New York City, okay?
Yeah.
Can we all just say?
Or whatever.
Because people will say,
Oh, we don't know.
From New York, you know, if you tell me you're from Rochester,
you're not from New York.
I'm from Rochester, New York, okay?
If you say you're from New York,
it means the city, okay?
This plans the hour or so.
Right, down.
Not something to get all bent out of shape about
or aren't you about?
Or get stressed about?
Not.
Or yes, I better go back to whatever,
or city confidential.
I do like that show them.
Now, how do I get back on my channels again?
Oh, here we go.
Boy, this box.
I think I broke the box.
Uh-oh.
I've done that before.
What?
Yeah, okay.
I'm serious.
Oh, there it is.
Wow, it's Panic City.
It's Jack's Big Music Show.
There were kids.
Anyway, here's an article of your like,
because I want to maybe,
I don't know if you like it or you won't like it.
No, I guess it's SudaWin Lectual at the end.
Oh.
They just don't want to rip, uh,
they're all getting paid off.
Everyone on TV is like an apologist for this stuff.
This is from the Boston Herald.
Fade to Bois.
Frustrated fans waxed the pranos abrupt ending.
I mean, what is everybody talking about?
Are they talking about Paris Hilton?
Are they talking about the Indian and the Sopranos?
Are they talking about the WWW E-lash that was Brandon
Brechtlussly messages me this morning.
They blew up at least, uh,
they staged the blowing up the, uh,
wrestling guy.
What's his name?
Vince McMahon.
Vince McMahon.
Do you watch that crap too?
I mean, oh, we went over that.
What is your name?
I thought Vince McMahon was a quarterback.
That was Jim McMahon.
Oh, Jim McMahon.
That's right.
For the Bears and Forever Else, he played that.
He didn't see no.
With the funny shades.
Yeah, I'm getting seen now.
Just keep it up, Mr. Hodgschat.
You'll see if I go to bat for your ass when it comes time for that big raise you got
in the, in the wings.
Pity to poor people without Tivo.
It says Sunday Night Series finale of HBO's The Sopranos
already has been dissected and discussed more than these approved tape.
Inspiring conspiracy theorists to wonder if Tony Soprano is dead or alive
or coming back in a major motion picture.
David Chase, by the way, says he,
there ain't going to be no Soprano's movie.
That's what he said.
Yeah, who cares?
At this point.
I don't.
I don't.
It's like, you know, it's like, it's like,
mashed the movie.
I didn't watch the TV show.
So why would I go watch the movie?
Same thing.
Because the movie was first.
The movie was first before the TV series?
Oh, yeah, the TV series was based on the movie.
Oh, why don't we do care?
Didn't watch either one.
In fact, the HBO website took a beating Sunday night when fans fled to the online chatroom
after the final episode ended.
Oh, they went to the chatroom and they were chatting up his store.
That's right.
We were hit with about 10 times the volume that the site normally gets and crashed
say Jeff Kusson.
There are a lot of people.
Kusson.
The nice president of the corporate affairs rage beer.
We have a very devoted fan base.
By the way, this guy with Tony Soprano in the picture they have here from the show.
I don't know what character this is.
The looks like his hair looks as fake as how he's got.
How do you do to hear?
He's got the worst piece since Mo.
We have a very devoted fan base.
He said on a skeptical one, two, the final episode of the seven season series.
Cut to black as Tony and his family said they dinner eat a diner eating onion rings.
Well, they are something I do like onion rings.
Me too.
And I ate yesterday like a cow.
I ate and I ate and I ate and I went to Taco Bell and I had ice cream bars and I had
macaroni and cheese, stofers and I'm...
Thanks Brandon.
Don't do it again Brandon.
He's not even in the will.
He's trying to kill me.
The ending was so abrupt many viewers thought their cable went out.
After reaching speculation about how the mob family's saga would close,
will Tony be assassinated arrested going to witness protection.
The open ended ending has already spawned plenty of theories about what was really going on.
Tony is dead and the final blackout shows his perspective after he was shot in the back of the
head by the guy in the members only jacket.
The dinner was filled with characters Tony hurt in early episodes, literally surrounded
him with his ascents.
Writer David Chase intentionally left the ending in conclusive eagerly room for a movie
or to boost sales of the DVD, which is sure to have alternate endings.
Ah!
There we go.
Boost sales of the DVD.
Screw up the viewers are already paid to watch HBO by the way.
Right.
The most horrible episode ever and you think it was a good wake up wrote Nikita 550R on HBO
Subprinter Community Board.
Danny, whatever concurred, Chase sold off but he kept his options open.
It was economically correct.
In four years from now, somebody goes bankrupt and he's sitting on $50 million right here.
He wouldn't have that if Tony was killed.
But other viewers thought the final episode was perfect.
Right.
I think Chase resisted the idea that life has neat and symmetrical,
said Sarah Bunting, editor of television without pity.com.
The message running through this appratters is that people don't change.
And I don't think anyone who's watching shows should be feeding you ripped off by this Sarah said.
Dude!
Sooo.
Lee Hallazee, professor of pop culture at Boston University, said the serious finale was an example of smart storytelling.
She said we are used to happy endings just said ending.
This breaks through this in which is what makes it so great and while we're talking about it today.
I'm used to it ending.
Yeah, I was just going to say happy endings are said.
It's how much is the happy ending?
Right.
Yeah.
Very sad.
Well there you go.
That's the end of the video.
I thought I'd throw that in there for a while.
Since you're all we're still worked up about that.
And probably we'll be for days and weeks to come.
Until I meet him and kick him squar in the nuts.
I bet your vocal brand's package is down there now because the phone is a jangling off the hook.
It's Tuesday.
Wouldn't surprise me at least but if there's a FedEx down there.
From minutes after 10 at 5.60 WDQM, it's Tuesday June numbered dose A baby.
Take a big dose A of whatever you're taking.
Mad Dog at two power hour with Hank at the Mad Dog 4 to 5.
Hank solo 5 to 630 Marlins on deck at 630.
The Marlins and the engines at 705.
And boy the Marlins would sure love to be a...
To kill up.
Tonight.
Whatever that means.
And then game that with Eddie Kamp for the game.
And then eating it all.
God.
Hey survivor fans.
And next great summer adventure is on CBS Thursday.
Enjoying the wildest crew to ever set sail.
Big sad lesbian loud rosy attacks.
Innocent pure Christian Elizabeth.
High sea.
High adventure on the high sea.
Super.
And I'm not going in.
I'm not going in.
I'm not going in.
I'm not going in.
A new series guaranteed to chip food.
CBS Thursday.
Watch your back.
Don't ever catch.
Watch your language now.
10.70 at 5.60 WDQM.
Happy Tuesday to your boy.
I've said that vacation is getting really.
You can smell it.
Smells something.
Smells like they've raunchy food and I'm stood on.
Is what it smells like to me.
But anyway, here's the poll from yesterday.
How many folks did we get 13?
80?
That's a pretty weak and it's a weak poll anyway.
Hey Charlie B.
He's sending the couple of polls today.
I must concur with you there.
They're getting weaker and weaker.
You know, I think I hope not.
Because for all of our sakes,
I hope that he is, you know, only scratch the surface.
But I mean some of the stuff he's sending in now,
I wouldn't wish I'm hungry.
Kindler.
Charlie, don't take it the wrong way now.
Don't start sending me anymore emails.
Haha.
Jazz court is ain't working this week.
So just calm down.
When Fidel finally dies,
I'm not Cuban.
I couldn't care less 889, 64.4%
overwhelming.
I'll drink a Cuban coffee sito
or a Cuban sandwich, 117.
To celebrate, I guess.
I'm Cuban and I couldn't care less 74.
I'll start packing for a visit to Cuba 72.
I'll be so grief-stricken how will I ever go on 51?
It'll be really.
Thank you, Abe.
I'll light a Cuban cigar, 48, and stick it where the moon
right.
Don't don't shine.
I'll set a dumpster or some tires on fire 34.
Hell, I'll put the house up for sale and move to Cuba 22.
Adios, I read it arch.
I'll play a CD of Crew CD 17.
I'll stop my car in the middle of a bridge 17.
I'll join a street procession and blow my horn constantly 15.
I'll fire a gun in the air 12.
I'll burn an effigy if it else 6.
Wouldn't it be something if it held out in the 4th of July?
May in the higher layer there be lots of
Celebratin' and I'll fly a Cuban flag, flag only 6.
Celebratin' they say.
Not too good.
I'm a Cuban flag flag.
Okay, let's take a look at today's poll, since we're
poll intensive at the beginning of the show.
Now we got that other soprano stuff out of the way we can do it.
And of course the chick from Baltimore who used to live in Rochester,
who straightened George's ass on upstate New York,
for his new York City.
There is no connection.
There is, it's like a few more.
I never said there was.
I said, you don't have to get all the trouble.
I'm just seconding that.
I'm just going to talk to the police.
Everyone's arguing around.
Here's the poll.
Could you have a relationship with a girl if she had sex with you on the first date?
Yes, what's wrong with that?
584, 73.7%.
Exactly.
I mean, to me it's a no-drainer.
No-brainer.
I don't see what the big deal is with that.
Except that Josh Corners, of course, at all.
That's what I'm saying.
What?
What's wrong with that?
Yeah, right.
Josh is the one that got everybody whipped up about that.
I think either you were out sick that day.
I would run away.
You wouldn't be sick off the right.
You got all everybody.
Oh, no, I wouldn't want to.
It's not the kind of girl you want to bring home to mom.
Yeah.
Unless mom is a dike.
Why do you want to bring her home to mom anyway?
Just mind your own business, mama.
Sita.
Hell yeah, she'd be in charge.
She'd be a change of pace for my blow-up doll, 87.
Cute.
No, that makes her a slut, 68.
That's what Josh was saying.
That makes her a slut.
That's 8.4%.
I'm a girl who likes sex on the first date, 31.
And I'm a girl who won't date a guy who wants sex on the first date, 27.
So we got the 7.1% of the audience are a female.
Now that's not too bad.
That's a shock out of 801.
So you've got your 1000 pretty damn sure, I think,
even though it's a very elk rapito pool.
Trust me.
So there you go.
The overwhelming majority.
Either, you know, just to give up the blow-up dollar,
just because that's what they wanted in the first place anyway.
Why do you take somebody out on a date?
Because you want to buy the food.
A little companionship, you want to spend a lot of money, buy them food,
and that's right.
Who we tickets and crap like that.
Sure, because you got too much money.
It's not being able to buy them,
or you're clothing and jewelry and stuff,
or because you want some ass, is that what it's all about?
Let me ask you that question.
Ha ha ha.
Come on.
Let's get serious people.
Michael Moore is a pissed off, and rightfully so.
He looked in the mirror this morning,
I'd be pissed off too if I looked that bad.
I don't know.
I mean, this.
First day of the year, I don't look good at all.
Brandon.
You're bad.
God, did I eat.
Oh, you know, when I had my first Gordita yesterday.
Oh, what was that?
I don't know if I said that.
I guess I had a Gordita.
As long as you have one.
I think so.
I mean, it's got way too much carbs
that's part of the problem.
You're fat.
I guess that's what they call them.
I don't care about the fat.
Gordita, is that what that means?
Yeah, it means fat.
I see.
Like, Gerozio Don will be a...
There's no itta about her.
And then we had a head of breeder supremino beans
and I had a Gordita.
And it was pretty damn good.
In fact, I couldn't go back right now and get some more.
But I'm not going to do it though.
I got today, tomorrow, and let's see.
And the third...
What's today?
Tuesday already?
All right, like I said.
Boy, that vacation's getting real close.
Eat your hearts out.
Firebrand director, fat Michael Moore,
yesterday accused the US government of harassment
over an investigation into a tripping made to Cuba
earlier this year for his latest film.
How unusual if the US government would harass somebody
who tends to be anti-US government?
The US President government.
The US Treasury is probing with a more broke
of 45-year-old US trade embargo on Cuba
by taking a group of rescue workers
from the 9-11 attacks to the island
for medical treatment during the filming of SICO.
This is a former harassment he said, adding,
we're going to fight this
and we're going to be very aggressive
to find out who's behind this.
Good.
Kick their ass, Mike.
And later the US Treasury on Monday
Moore's lawyer David Boy, he said his clandet
been unfairly discriminated against
and demanded an explanation.
Just like Tom Hagen and the Godfather,
remember that?
Right.
Now, what's that under?
I know it's in here somewhere.
Where he says that we demanded an apology?
Oh, there it is.
Yeah, that's what he said.
A little bit chopped off there in the beginning,
but it's, well, this is nothing's perfect.
That this guy is down there, by the way,
and if you wanted to take a segment or something
or go down and get it, but I will wait.
We'll wait.
Take a segment.
I could take a segment talking about the freaking suppression.
I thought you would do his play some stupid ass music.
You wouldn't know if David Kase and I asked,
trust me, I'd do that for an hour.
I'm concerned that Mr. Moore has been selected
for a discriminatory treatment by your orifice,
boy, said in the letter.
He further requested Treasury revealed
who took the decision to ask Moore to explain his trip,
damn it.
This is an attempt by the government to discriminate against
a journalist based on the content of Michael Moore's
journalistic work, he told reporters in New York.
Moore, who won an Oscar for the 2002 film
Bowling for Columbine, was last month asked to explain the purpose
of the trip and give details and footing
departured dates and names and addresses of those who went.
The group of rescue workers were suffering
from medical conditions, believed to be connected to their jobs,
clearing debris from the satellite world trade center
in New York in the aftermath of 9-11.
Sickle, which listed the state of U.S. health care system
is due out in general released, a week from Friday.
Or is it this Friday?
Is it Friday the 15?
Might be this Friday.
Well, whenever I'm here.
Here anyone.
Well, here's another poll suggestion from someone,
but it's not the Charlie B and look at that.
Who is most Mo overpaid?
Mm-hmm.
It's kind of you.
Neil, pro-jocks, actors, big company CEOs,
rock stars, lawyers, realtors, or stock brokers.
That's pretty good.
That might be a good one for a man.
Sure.
And then we got that, which dad, the one Charlie B,
would pull it, I have left over that's still any good.
Oh, sorry, Charlie, just a joke.
About which dad would you prefer?
Do you remember?
Well, before Mother's Day, we did the one about mothers,
right around Mother's Day time.
And since we got Father's Day coming up on Sunday,
and what about Chris, your father's still alive?
Yes.
Good guy or a jackass?
No, good guy.
No, because your just Father's dead.
No, he isn't.
My Father's dead.
Your father isn't dead?
No, he's a dead beat, but he's not dead.
Oh.
In other words, you wish he was dead.
Sure, why not?
I'm going to dig up a story.
You're going to have a urinal track appearance.
Hey, Bill's character, don't it?
Yeah.
Not that you mentioned it.
Yeah.
26 past 10 at 560.
Can you say nag?
Can you say kvets?
Can you say nudge?
Yeah, Neil!
I ain't ready.
Where's that off y'all?
This your boy, G-Mite.
See how you do songs with hooks and concepts, right?
But we never try to go flat them.
Some of the boxes check this out y'all.
Read a book, read a book, read a mob.
Read a book, read a book, read a mob.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mob.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a mob.
Read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read
a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read a book, read A.D.A.D.A.S.P.O.O.J.A.D.A.A.S.P.O. Wash and save oil for youreté🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣🧣?
I'll play I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-P-I-E-A-D-U-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S
I'll play I-E-A-D-U-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-
Way-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P-O-R-N-S-P
3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3
1-2-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3
1-2-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3-1-3
The military and political leaders after WWII in Nuremberg, Tremony, the concept of a fair
trial as part of our tradition, our heritage king said from Ohio where he lives, and that's
what made Nuremberg so immortal, fairness, a presumption of innocence, adequate defense
counts, the opportunities to see the documents that they're being tried with.
King who interrogated Nuremberg defended Albert Spear was incredulous that the Guantanamo
rules looked open to possibility of using evidence obtained through coercion.
Oh, there's that phone again, he better not be called for that package again, starting
to get annoying.
Wow.
To torture people and then you can bring evidence you obtained into court question mark,
here say, evidence is allowed question mark, some evidence is available to the prosecution
not to the defendants, this is the type of justice that Jackson didn't dream of King
said.
He said the Guantanamo prisoner should be tried in the court martial system or the US federal
courts under fair rules that leave open the possibility of acquittal.
Three Nuremberg defendants were acquitted, King noted.
The Bush administration has said it needs to hold a special tribunal to give out order
to protect national security.
Last year the US Supreme Court struck down the first version of the Guantanamo trials
as ill-eagle.
The 2006 Military Commission's act would set revives rules for Texas-Pretty Terrace
at the US Naval Base of Gitmo, sort of turns its back on Nuremberg King said, I don't
think it's a credit to us to have this thing.
The US has always stood for fairness, that's the important thing.
We were the ones who started war crimes through our tribunals and were the architects.
I don't think we should turn our back on that architecture, he be saying.
He ought to know he's 88 freaking years old man.
He's been around.
He's seen his eyes have seen the coming of the glory to the Lord.
Whatever that means.
What song is that?
The Battle of Him of the Republic?
That's it.
The line eyes have seen the coming.
Is that it?
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
Glory to the Lord.
During the break I'm going to see who the hell that was on the phone again his last time.
I'm going to gear it somebody.
It probably was David Chase.
Probably pissing him off.
He probably got the...
Oh yeah.
He probably got the one in my joe bill.
He gives it to everybody.
Yeah.
He's probably writing it on T-room walls now.
You know that song by Deon written on the subway walls.
That's my phone number thanks to Jolly Joe Bell.
Got some nerve here in my number to Kim Beboek.
I was thinking, speaking to Jocks,
you know with this whole macho thing that most of them are into
and the whole mentality of the Jack Oprichies, this macho thing.
I wonder if they're like still using soap or the body I want.
Soap on a rope I heard.
Yeah, you don't want to drop it.
You want to keep a firm grip at all times.
Soap too.
Written on the subway walls.
There's Deon just when we asked for it.
Scenera.
It's good song.
That's great.
The Yo Frankie man.
It's a great album.
Everybody go out and buy it.
So Deon can buy a new cap.
Yankee baby.
You run fox.
From the creators of Dancing with the Star.
It's rehab with the stars.
Sorry.
Lindsay Lohan.
Lindsay reportedly is checked into rehab at promises and now will be this morning
where she might have a house account.
Harris Hilton.
Harris Hilton.
Right this morning.
She was officially charged with drunk drive.
And Britney Spears.
She had Britney Spears checked into rehab.
I can understand all these people thinking it was right.
But for me it was too long to check tonight.
One story's help with door.
Lindsay was totally passed out.
A rehab with the stars.
Shacked with more of the celebrity shame we need to make us feel better about ourselves.
He erased his book.
He checked from rehab and now he's actually going to let me check her out and take her to the box.
Tonight on Fox.
Okay 1043 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy to see you two.
I'm going to be like you do your aranting.
And then when I come back I have to stir about man claims.
Harris Hilton's got the herpes in the herpes.
The whoever she's got it.
Anyway you can write about David Chase because that is how I'm going to go downstairs.
I'm all dressed.
Huh?
All right.
I'm all dressed up and I got someplace to go downstairs.
And it'll be really remarkable to you to see how fast I'll come back.
So here's George.
Take off a of course it would have made more sense to do it the way that I said before.
But that's all right.
I got lots of material about David freaking Chase.
So it wouldn't have made more sense.
Chris V to take that break and then we could have played a bit and then I would have had to rant for about last one.
So anyway all these soods of polygists.
I don't know.
I don't know.
See if I could get in on that.
Uh whatever it is the graft train the gravy train were all these people that they assemble the day after some show sucks.
Uh go on and make apologies for it and start.
Making excuses and writing stuff into it that didn't actually occur.
Yes.
Then maybe I would say something different.
But since I'm not getting paid off by anyone by David Chase or HBO or anyone else.
Then I'm going to say what everyone else is thinking everyone else everyone everyone.
I don't care what kind of sued rights what or who goes on what panel.
There is no genuine sopranos watcher or anyone who likes good television that didn't want to put their foot through their TV or through David Chase's face after that episode.
And I know that I have a personal thing about endings and it ain't just me.
But you pay see here's the thing and we were talking before the show Neel and I when you go to a movie you can't just walk up to the to the ticket booth and say hey that movie sucked I want my money back.
And I can't call a con cast and say you know I got HBO because I want to watch the prenos and it really sucked.
So I want my my money back for the premium package that I was paying for you can't do that David Chase.
So it's one of those situations where like you go to a restaurant you pay up front and if the food sucks you're in too far too bad.
Right?
Yeah.
But did that not make any sense?
No, it was a little closer.
A little closer to what sucks?
No, something else.
Sucks?
Anyway.
So yeah I was all pissed off everybody else was everybody that flooded and crashed the HBO website.
They were all saying the same thing. They were all saying the exact same thing.
It's a practical joke on the audience just like the Blair Witch Project.
It ain't funny.
It ain't clever.
See here's some things like remember you saw the Blair Witch Project.
Yeah.
Of course.
And I went nuts.
I was sucked in.
I was sucked in hard.
I went there.
There were no seats except the first row.
So we're there watching shaky can action right there in the first row.
And here's let me let me tell them.
I wish we were on in Hollywood, California so that movie producers and the special effects people and the executive producers and everything could hear this right now.
A black screen is not a special effect and doesn't count as a special effect.
Yeah.
Remember that?
Yeah.
And neither did that ending count as an ending.
There was a non-ending.
I had the package.
Is it a bokeh brine desk?
Of course.
Excellent.
Well what did you think of it?
You think I would go down to the road just for some hand.
I mean, the food.
Yeah.
That's a good way to say that.
That might've been delivering.
That's true.
Mexican hustler?
Mmm.
Oh my God.
Oh my God.
Loonicic.
God is going to get you in your state.
Oh my God.
Give me a heart of victory.
The land of God took.
And the power of Christy.
Their trucklands are cranking up with the family.
Churches of peace and good are the laps of the moon.
Ristle-backed sensation.
A Christian bedmatch, in a recreation.
Ristle-backed sensation.
Ristle-backed.
All of God's children.
In God's could do me.
Now you do me a day down.
In tribune and sleep.
Some hillbilly found us.
Most definitely.
They're horny.
Very poor.
So they great born.
Ristle-backed sensation.
Ristle-backed.
All right.
1048, too bad they're not paying him in a timely fashion again.
Or any fashion with old chicken neck.
I bet you're pardoned.
Or any time.
That's right.
Yeah, I just want to pay their bills.
That's the bottom line.
This is a dishonorable company and they don't want to pay their bills.
They do pay me early though.
I'm pleased about that.
So I don't really care about him.
I mean, I wish they would take care of him and it's getting really annoying.
But what can I tell you?
Nothing may not be good, but at least they're consistent.
Ryan Contain of the man who successfully got a judge at Grand Himmier
restraining order against the anxious and slimy Paris Hilton has claimed he's got herpes.
Although the amount of men in this school has screwed, it says it wouldn't be...
It would be surprising if she wasn't carrying at least something other than a condom.
Who is this from?
Oh, it's from a website called Tabloid Horror.
I would never want to wish an STD on anyone but Damien.
If you're going to wish the herpes on somebody, who better than Paris Hilton?
From the random things I've heard, she just seems like a really mean person
who hides behind a fake voice and fake smile.
Anyway, the funny part about it is the information appeared in a new story on E online,
the very network that is running the simple life and also Kiss and Hilton's ass,
every night during their E-new show.
The allegations appear as follows.
I've got like 75 of a person holding stories today.
If you can't beat them, join them, right?
Right.
Contain a testified last month that his relationship with Hilton turned nasty
after she overheard him informing her bow, Stavros Nierkos,
that she might have a sexually transmitted disease.
I wanted him to be aware of it that he had herpes to make sure he didn't catch anything.
He informed me that he was aware of Contain a said.
He said, Hilton interrupted his conversation with Nierkos and became furious.
She said, this is between the three of us.
If this gets out, you're an f-ing dead man, Contain a said.
He claimed that after the exchange, he began receiving suspicious phone calls
and started to believe his life was in imminent danger.
Contain a further alleged Hilton has a drug and alcohol problem,
some rather shady associates, and is known for erratic behavior.
Not erotic behavior, erratic behavior.
Hilton spokesman, L.V. admits tonight Contain his allegations telling court TV,
she doesn't have herpes, she doesn't have a drug problem,
and claiming Contain was simply trying to humiliate his client in order to gain media attention.
So what do you think it says here?
Does Hilton have herpes or not?
Either way, props to E for printing the story and not being so far shoved up Hilton's asses
I thought you were.
Maybe I'll go back to watching E news when Seacrest hosted says, Yaudia, Dianne.
Well, there you go.
Anybody care that Perish Hilton's got turpees?
It's funny.
Yeah, she deserves all the diseases, all the nasty grotesque horrendous things
that can befall any human being.
Every disease known to man and some that haven't been discovered yet is what she deserves.
Mommy, mommy!
And what's the fact that, oh I guess her herpes were acting up again
is what the deal was.
Yeah, the stress caused them to fail.
They flurred up?
Oh yeah, her rectum, wow.
Yeah!
Wow.
What a sight.
What a thought.
Oh my God.
Senate Democrats failed to secure 60 votes yesterday in an effort to advance a resolution of no confidence
against the Battle of Attorney General Alberter Gonzalez.
Even though it's got nothing to do, I mean, you know, I agree.
He's a liar and confident and stuff like that.
But, yeah, it's got nothing to do with our former government.
You know, we don't have no confidence votes in American government.
And if we did, Bush would already be out.
Only seven Republicans voted with their Democratic colleagues to express their disappointment
in non-binding, just symbolic because they don't have any balls anyway.
To express their disappointment with the firing of a U.S. Attorney's and other controversial matters
in the Gonzalez Administration Department of Justice, Norm Coleman, Minnesota, Minnesota,
Susan Collins, the whiny Susan Collins of Maine, Chuck Hagerlund of Nebraska, who's a good guy.
Gordon Smith of Oregon, Olympia Snow of Maine, another one.
Arlen Specter with the Magic Bullet of Pennsylvania, and John Sonunu of New Hampshire.
What's new, Sonunu?
Senator Jew Lieberman, independent who caucuses with Democrats voted with the Republican's, of course.
What a surprise.
Not your boy, Jew Lieberman.
The vote tally was 53 in favor of invoking closure, and 38 voting to continue to debate
one senator Ted Stevens of Alaska voted present.
Present, which is like the ending of the sopranos.
You know, my chest is well not even bothered.
Right.
Six senators, including South Dakota's Tim Johnson, western return to his office, and since a stroke earlier in the year, did not vote.
Joe Biden, Sam Brownback, Tom Coburn, Chris Dodd, John McCain, and Barack Obama.
And of course, the debate Republican Senator is attempting to be focused the debate away from the attorney general,
and under the propriety of Senator Chuck Schumer for both hinting the Democratic political operation in the Senate,
and helping to lead the Senate Judiciary Committee's investigation of the firing of those AUS attorneys.
Senator Schumer worked to make the case that politics was not at the heart of either the probe into the firing of the U.S. attorneys,
or yesterday's no confidence motion.
You put the motion in the casket.
This vote is not about politics, he said.
If this were all about politics would be easy to sit back, let the attorney general remain, cast his persons on him for the next 18 months and reap the political benefits, he said.
A freshman senator who helped sponsor the motion also invoke the specter of President Richard Nixon, and seeking to bring an end to debate about the resolution.
He has politicized this department to agree not seen since the Nixon administration said,
Senator Scheldon Whitehouse, Democrat or Rhode Island, and the outline cases of the White House interference in prosecution around the nation.
Schumer then argued that the speeches of the Republican seeking to keep the no confidence motion bottled up, proved this case that no one on the minority side supported the attorney general.
They've made my case, they fear the word of the words we have faith in attorney general Gonzales, he said.
We have a place speedy Gonzales by Pat Boone, just to show our contempt and dismay and disgust with the anxious Alberto V05 Gonzales.
But that would take too long to find, wouldn't it?
There it is.
Plunk that thing, thank you, you stalled that, just like.
Plunk it Pat.
Plunk it?
Plunk it?
Plunk you made it, try your Pat.
How come it's so low, that's as hot as you got it?
It's the track.
Too loose luck tracks baby.
900 votes on a pool of crisp in this, sit back and act like some kind of a retard. You know you got your thousand?
Know the sweatspeed. You went like this.
You went like this.
That is, it's not just bad, it is so bad, it's the way I worship it last time you played that.
The way he says it, it's just so, it's strictly for going man.
It's like those little trying, those little triangular hard, home-intoxin at poor and fun.
It's not an effort Jews, it's strictly for going.
Could you have a relationship with the girl if she had sex with you on the first date?
That's our poll question we've got 900 votes.
Yes, what's wrong with that?
667.
74.1%.
Hell yeah, she'd be a change of pace for my blow up doll, 90.
Know that makes her a slut, 7-only, 77.8.5%.
See that would make her a slut.
I'm a girl who likes sex on the first date 34.
I'm a girl who won't date a guy who wants sex on the first date 32.
7.2% females on his poll, maybe we're making like a breakthrough.
This is the neo-watcher show.
Go, go, go, go, go.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.
Any questions?
Hey, Joe!
What are you doing with that box?
How to get back, Joe?
Oh ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho
Ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho
I was going to use this but I'll do it anyway. Alright, well you're not going to like it. Whatever. Frazier Moore who's the Associated Press television writer, his columnist had lined no easy ending for HBO's The Sopranos. What do you mean no easy ending? How about just no ending? Sure, that's what's easier than that. Right. He said Tony Sopranos carries on a much awaited conclusion of HBO's The Sopranos about Sunday night and a frenzy of audience speculation. When New Jersey mob boss Sopranos will live or be killed. Would his family die before his eyes? Would he go to jail?
Before his to went to witness protection? Would Brooklyn boss Philly Atardo who had ordered a hit on Tony? Proveil. In the end, blackdum. The only ending that mattered was the one mastermind advice of primus creator David Chase. And playing against viewer expectations is always Chase refused to stay demand six termination, but the characters through any changes or provide his viewers with a comfortable closure. Can I finish reading it before you start? I just gave you like three minutes ago. Ramble on.
Yeah, three whole minutes. You want another half hour go ahead. All right. He sucks. He sucks. He's such a narcissist. After all, next thing you're going to be doing like that, he blows, you know, like that joystick. I'm sure he does. I think we ought to play that just for the hell of it. I think he's far sounds anymore. Play that for Joyce and David Chase. They both blow. There you go. I don't I know I keep thinking about that. I wonder what is the reason that we can't play that? Is there?
Any rational reason why we can't play that all the rational reason? No, it's a Joyce. Anyway, after all, he declined to pass moral judgment on Tony. He reminded viewers all season what a thug Tony is then gave him a pass. But Chase was true to himself. And that's what made the soprano is brilliant. I told you you'd hate this. He was true to himself. And that's what made the soprano is brilliant on Sunday night. In the 85 episodes that went before the product of an artist with a bleak but illuminating vision. These sopranos is always existing.
They're always in a place on the so-and-terms and it was seldom tidy. The only need to be able to win the finale was that Leotardo was crushed. Otherwise it was perversely non-earth-shaking. Just one last visit with the characters we followed so about since 1999. Here was the funeral for Bobby Bacalla, Tony's soldier and brother in La Cala.
Bacalla. Bacalla. Bacalla. Bacalla. Who was shot dead on Leotardo's orders last week. Here was Tony, serial star James Gandalfini playing a hospital visit to his gravely injured Constellarie Silvio Danty, also targeted by Leotardo de Caprio. Tony's near to Wilson, AJ continued to wail about the misery in the world and voiced a fleeting urge to join the Army and go fight in Afghanistan. It's all her meadow harped on her plans to be a lawyer.
You can keep mumbling while you're mad. I'm going to read this though. I'm having a high water. I have a little ham from how is. Oh, thanks, how is Tony visits his senior uncle Junior at the nursing home. You and my dad, you two and North Jersey Tony brought him to the hospital.
We did sit Uncle Junior with no sound recognition. That's nice. The spiced suspicions to the country and either Pauli Walnuts nor Patsy Parisi sold out Tony. I wonder Patsy is like really JP Parisi the hockey player.
And neither was Wacht. Dr. Melfi who kicked Tony out of therapy last week made no last minute appearance. Sure, headaches lie ahead for Tony. The feds are still at the infirm and met us fiance Patsy Junior.
See, there's that junior crap again. It's a lawyer who may well be pursuing cases that intrude on Tony's business interests. So what else is new?
The finale displayed the characters continuing for better and worse, unaffected by the fact that the series is done.
The implication was they'll go on as usual. We just won't be able to watch. Of course the atardo hit a dead end after Tony located him with the help of his favorite federal agent.
The execution was a quick for classic soprano scene pulling up at a gas station with his wife. Lea Tertum made a grand show of telling his two young grandchildren in the back seat to wave by by as he merged from his SUV.
The next moment he was on the pavement shot in the head. Then you heard the car roll over his head.
Quick, cynical, clinical. I'm sorry, quick and clinical. Even comicalist was the only violence during the hour.
Not that chase who wrote and directed this episode didn't tease viewers with a threat of death in almost every scene.
This was never more true than in the final sequence. On the surface was nothing more momentous than Tony, his wife Carmella, metal and AJ, meaning for dinner at a cozy family restaurant. I thought it was a diner.
It was a diner. It was that place I love in Cherry Hill or Jersey that time. What else in any of that place? God, I love it. It is so good.
I don't know, maybe they have a cream there.
This was never more true than the final sequence when he arrived Tony dropped a coin in the due box and played the classic journey power ballad. Don't stop believing.
Meanwhile, every moment seemed to foreshadow disaster. Suspicious looking people coming in the door seated at a table nearby, made a one on the street having trouble parallel parking or car.
The tire is squealing against the curb. With every passing second the audience was primed for tragedy while they got it.
It was a scene both warm and fuzzy. It followed dread, setting every viewer's heart racing for no clear reason. But nothing would happen. It was just a family gathering for dinner at a restaurant.
What is the name of that place in Cherry Hill or Jersey? God, I love that place. Not a diner. It's like a diner, but it's good.
Then with the jingle of the bell on the front door, Tony looks up apparently seeing meadow making her delayed entrance or could he have seen something awful, something he certainly deserved about to come down. Probably not, almost certainly false alarm, but we'll never know.
With that the soprano's cut to black leaving us enriched after eight years and flustered and faded to always wonder what will happen next.
I'm sure I missed all eight years of it after that anti-climactic ending. It's like putting a big message up on the screen. All your suckers out there that eight years of me always did you time.
That's right. That's right. That's what reminds me of. Like a gigantic waste of time. Spear that. I wonder if there's anything good on this disc.
That the Joe Belgacy thing. Now what about morning June? That could be good.
Good morning. Sport hall radio 560 WQA presents morning sports Jews. A good morning drive show, talk for sports information.
And the sorted amateur chef loss carefully crafted my off programming mavens for us to enjoy. Hello. I'm your host, Rabbi Manasha Shainbaum.
Joining me this morning is Ethan Skolnik. Ethan. Hi. Have been Cohen. And of course, Geldy Geldsty.
This gentleman is my question. Why sports? Class and high school. We always got take layers.
If you don't know at all. So what would you gentlemen like to do? I know. Let's have a mystery call. That's a wonderful idea.
Okay. I'll get on this phone over here. Oh look. We have a mystery caller on the line. Hello. Who is this?
I'm the mystery caller. Let us now take a call to guess who you are. Kennedy Estates.
You play for the minor hurricane. God knows. Inside the building. Hello.
Hey there, Geldy. You're not supposed to do it. Me, Joe. This fits funnier than the square table.
What am I doing this anymore? No, but was not entertaining at all.
Oh. I can't find the name of that restaurant in Cherry Hill, but they're interestingly enough.
There's a place in Cherry Hill in the Jersey called Tony Soprano's Pizza. How do you like that?
That place is probably long gone. You know, it's one thing about restaurants.
I know you hate when I do that, but it's true. That is if you try to go back a few years no matter what city it is.
Like that last time, we went to Detroit about many, many years ago, not long enough ago, but long ago.
And I went looking for my favorite restaurant. They were all gone, all closed. Of course, that's basically the city of Detroit is all closed, but it's too embossed and it's too and just throughout any city.
And even Cherry Hill, who's in Jersey, like going to Rochester and looking for Don and Bob's.
Ain't there no more? Like going to South Beach and looking for piccolos at the restaurant.
I ain't no, our neils on Alton Road. Is that because it's such a tough business, I guess?
It is a tough business. Boy, and people get tired so that you know, if you don't change and adjust periodically.
They get tired of what? Good food? They get tired of the same food.
That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel.
That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel.
That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel.
That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel.
That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel.
That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel. That's why they go to the hotel.
I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay for it. I want to pay
that.
Two-thirds of the pitchfix should get fired.
Two-thirds of the pitchfix should get fired.
How is that sound brought to your fire?
Two-thirds of the pitchfix should get fired.
The shower puts holes up with both.
Sixer as we know should not go.
Rack them.
Two of the Lord here, then it teaches other regions.
And stop destroying our show.
Hey Lord!
I love it!
I love it!
Chasing pitchfix should get fired.
Love it, 18, and all of a sudden the brain fired, man.
It just came rocketing out of nowhere.
Ponzios was the name of that place.
Is there any bells with you?
No.
No, none at all.
You never heard me mention it?
I've talked about it numerous times on a year.
And back in the day when we would take calls, you know,
which I'm not going to do today.
That would be a stupid idea.
I don't want to like take away any good material from your callers
for when you come on through the clock for like a whole weekend bus.
What?
What?
I'm trying to be, I'm trying to be considerate.
Ponzios, I appreciate it.
P-O-N-Z-I-O.
And I guess we could Google live during the break where I can do it right now.
Sure well, I talk about David Chase.
And how many ways I'm going to get.
And who I want to kick in the nut oil?
I'm going to have a quittin' turntino.
Here it is.
Ponzios restaurant and bakery, Cheerio Hill New Jersey.
See it's still there.
What kind of hazard right of they put on these other websites?
I go to Cheerio Hill restaurant and there's like 80 million of them,
which it's not that big of a town anyway.
The only reason I was there is Garden State racetrack used to be there.
I guess it's probably still there, but they don't race.
Damn it.
And I think that's because they had to eat Larry Letterman calling the races
at the Harness races at Garden State.
I mean, what an idiot.
Nobody wants an amateur sit-down comedian try to be a race announcer, okay?
We want some Malif Lewis tones like Frank Sully you call the races.
Well, this will follow the violence I can't take this guy's opinion.
Hit him again, Jody.
Come on.
I push off and Jody James.
I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
Nice success for sweet day and new adventure.
There you go.
This guy's pretty weak.
Welcome to Ponzios restaurant and bakery.
I mean, you wanted, I got it.
I read 75,000 channels on my cable here, man.
This isn't some kind of horse ball cable system here.
This is the Amos.
This is the real thing.
Welcome to Ponzios restaurant and bakery.
When was the last time you had a terrific meal without standing service it says?
Probably the last time you visited Ponzios restaurant in Sherry-Humel and Jersey on Route 70
where the Ellisburg Circle used to be.
Huh.
Become a South Jersey today.
It really is good.
It looks like what?
It looks like an old wag.
Remember wag?
Sure.
It's got that same kind of exterior, you know?
This way.
Yeah, I love the wag.
Why is this good?
What started as a local diner has been transformed into a beautiful restaurant serving breakfast lunch
in dinner, especially known for its Sunday morning brunch and a daily business brunches,
but a meat pudding we'll put about here we go.
Ponzios.
Anybody ever goes to Sherry-Humel and Jersey?
Check that place out.
It's really, really good.
It's not an Outsaukut.
It's great.
You know, you can get a steak, you can get veal Parmesan, you can get breakfast.
And it's like wag is used to be.
And why do wag is water-bindus?
Because it was too dang good, that's why.
Yep.
Anything that's really good.
That's right.
90% of the time, anything good in South Florida?
Down the road.
Right.
With a heavy load.
Right.
How about the pizza joints we talked about?
See, now here you're doing the same thing.
Sure.
You know us.
Oh no, we've got fathers.
Godfather?
There was another one with a thick pizza beside Uno.
Is that what that was named?
Ooh, I forget.
I don't know.
But you know what I mean though.
Sure.
All the places that came and were so great and not for me.
Not for me.
Nice from me or baby.
I like some slop.
I like something soft that you can gum.
I thought what I heard.
Like duffs.
Duffs.
Duffs what?
Duffs buffet.
Uh oh.
Raccoon.
Yeah.
Gum this.
In fact we're going to start bringing it back as an extra attraction though.
I'll do charity.
Gumming attraction.
For the folks in South Florida.
98% in the pool.
But Chris, next time I even open up my big fat place, you'll have over a thousand votes.
then they will fear us. And there will be pictures all over the internet. There will be YouTube.
CHOOB!
Shots of Joel Feinberg sitting on benches, on bus benches with his head in his hands crying.
I wonder how that's going to affect the sale from what used to be Jefferson pilot into
whatever it is now to somebody else. The fact that they're releasing that thing out to
these fakers, you know, Joel Feinberg and his daddy with that ticket cramp. Well, that
last trend boy, you talk about taking a dive right back to where they belong. You know,
once they lost that bogus January with all the wire diaries, just like I predicted.
And that's said the kid the year whatever the hell's name is Rosenstein,
Franz Burgschwartz. That guy, 1.6 baby, you're doing it. And that big quim that he had from
a phony quim from that one January month, that all evaporated too. We kicked a snot out of
min quim in average quarter hour, you name it. And believe me, we still got a way to go to get
the audience back. After this current crowd we got in there doing everything they could to disembowel
the radio station. I love that word, man. Disembowel. To go to a tearing the gut side, if
this rated is a good one too. Yeah, I like that. Now that's what the number is basically we're
doing. They had to fix it. And finally in this one month, you know, it's one month. I wouldn't be
running around town with sandwich boards doing too much promotion until we see we we can maybe
sustain that a little bit. And like that morning show that we know is going off the air, they finally
throw a number in there. And of course now they're going. Everybody knows they're going and that's
probably that's probably the reason that they're so bitter in there, including that bastard.
Here's something toast and grieper. If we get fire up old Sparky if they're in our inwards and
start fire it up. Get the old twin hole around. The toast and grieper we got a thousand
one votes by the way Chris I just mentioned that in passing. You seem like out of the loop probably too
much. Thank you everybody. Probably too much. There's Holston, H.U. I never heard that Brandon H.U.O.
H.O.O. you add on what that is. And how about Houston's shutting down here in for a long time because
of the hurricanes and that he pressing. Mm-hmm. Now he's not one of everybody's favorites or at least
wasn't it? I don't know about favorites. There wasn't one of your favorites Houston's. What are
you some kind of a communist or what? I'm poor is what I am so I don't get there. Oh Houston's
wasn't an expensive dog. What are you talking about? Yeah what are you talking about? I don't know.
It's been so long since I ate there. Yeah it means me too. More expensive than some of us can
swing on a regular basis. All you would get there is like super salad and a burger or something
like that. How expensive could that be? How much could that come up more than you got? Well whatever
it is is more than you got. That's it. And then way more than what Chris has got. We say about
you go to McDonald's. You know something? I'm not going to say it. Though I don't start with names
of places that advertise on a radio station. Good or bad. I was actually going to say something
good about that. I don't think they advertise. The hell they don't. Are you a crazy person or
why? Are you crazy? We have a McDonald's box? Of course we do. You need to go to rehab man.
Okay see you are so out of control. I think it was that week vacation. Let me take a look at the
very week. Let me take a look at this list that they sent me sometime back about a hundred years ago.
January 2004. That's only three and a half years ago. Guess what's on that list of top
advertisers on this radio station? Guess what's on it? I give you one guess. Excellent guess.
And I was about to say you know what I'm going to answer to him. At least it's consistent
no matter where you are in the world it's exactly what you expected to be. I do the actions. I take
the buns and I toss them away and I use the wrapper as kind of like a holder you know like a
and I just eat the meat and the cheese. And I'm still on. You know I'm thrilled about that.
I think it's a great idea. And not always a great idea. It's an assessment. Sure.
It's an excellent and the one thing there there's so many freaky people there that no matter what
you do if you ate standing on your head there would need to be a second look. You know they have all
those stiffs out on the street you know I mean by that the guys that have like painted silver
pretend to be statues and so on. You know the mine. What's that square called that they're all that?
The damn that square that damn square there there are no stiffs on the dams. Well there are probably
some stiff but mines you're talking about. Yeah I guess you'd call them. Yeah.
They're on the dam rack. That's the tourist trap. That's the street that's the tourist trap. Every
place you got a tourist trap like Niagara Falls is a tourist trap and I'm not just saying that
because I'm bitter because I had a really bad losing day about three four weeks ago and I
read the falls you I'm not saying that just because of that but largely because of that because they
suck. They're just sucking the money out of the port to Easters man. All those beautiful young
college students that go there screw in their brains out illegitimately in that hotel.
I just like to be a fly in a wall in that place okay sounds great let's go.
The 27th at 560 WDQM. Hello and welcome to a corner.
Here's Hilton now behind bars. It will be her home for the next three weeks.
Harris how was your first full day in prison? It's a lot of fun.
Really? Really? A lot. What's so fun about it? Huge enclosed cages. It's a lot of
fun where it's a house was and I heard you were involved in some kind of three way lesbian thing.
Yes it was. Oh I can't wait to come out. I heard you made another sex tape.
People keep asking about the sex tape I'm really getting really rude.
One more person asked me I'm gonna get up and walk away. Actually you can't get up and walk away.
So tell us about your lesbian sex tape. That's right.
Okay I love the 32 at 560 WDQM. It's a good thing I'm going on vacation pretty soon.
I'm going to be doing a lot of that Mickey Dean because I'm getting bad influence here on the
Internet once again. Yeah French bread pizza he's making.
And so guess what I just stuck in the I'm new here right now.
Right. I mean I did on the air. If you guys can eat on the air when hell can I?
Right listen I got a call from somebody offering to bring us totes and I said yes a nice
Greek salad. And they said no pizza. Oh quit being a before the show he's telling me again about it.
Oh he had shrimp yesterday and that was I didn't need any of the bread fries.
Well good for you. I'm glad that somebody has been on the real behavior.
I'm a straight and narrow path trying to embarrass you and not die.
One of those it was not working. All right I'm nukin a small stofers mac and cheese right now.
What are you laughing about? Thanks Brandon. Yeah.
Bastard. Well the audience to know that when Neil dies it'll be Brandon's fault.
I think you got him on the I think you got him on a paper.
That's right I want that money now.
And I have in my hand right now. Oh sorry.
Craft 100% Parmesan or is that Parmesan? Mr. Riego?
It's a Parmesan cheese. I wonder if it's got peppercorns in it.
Craft doesn't know that list is it?
No it is not. It's quite good.
Craft doesn't advertise on my radio station. Thanks to you I'm sure they never will.
Good.
What I don't want to go through the whole thing again.
Why you hate them so intensely?
Yeah. Well they suck for starters.
Well what do you mean they suck?
This is good. It's industrial.
It's industrial. Everything's made enough for us.
No one's real. The same ingredient sugar builder.
This is a grated cheese from my Jura Rape.
Yeah yeah. From my ass.
I'm sure it tastes like it.
Yeah well maybe it kind of smells like it.
Mm-hmm. Wow.
I'm actually it's like aged Parmesan.
I might get it out of me because it's got that extra either that or it's like rancid one of the other.
But anyway I'm going to sprinkle that on me.
You know I'm going to eat it right here on the air during the show.
Screw all this crap.
Everybody wants to keep tempting me with food and killing me.
You know the old diabetic that I am.
Go ahead have a good time.
Okay I enjoy it. I like my food you know.
But Chris over there he likes his food.
No I'm getting yelled at.
He'll bring it down to the degree soon and die an early death.
But that's unfortunate. He doesn't have the good genes that I got.
Yeah right.
So you can knock your parents out you want.
Miss Father's Day come up on Sunday and the only good thing I'll say about that miserable bastard
who's been dead for several years now is he lived till 90.
All right and my life to 91 died under 91st birthday.
So I'll take 90 that means I'd be on here another 26 years.
26 and a half years.
What a brother has his way.
Well you know what you could pick a non-branded and I think you're getting just like Josh now.
He hates Josh the two of you like to fight and infuse and like a bunch of school kids.
You know like a bunch of redness like the beesleads.
You know fussing.
Julie Annie retains the U.O.P. lead for presidential nomination.
But guess who's making big gains now?
Fred Thompson.
Oh Fred Thompson is the Kimbabokan for politics.
He's got all the personality of a dead fruit fly.
Republicans and see for a concert their standard bear in the presidential race had begun to rally
behind Fred Thompson.
Propelting the former Tennessee Senator within healing distance of lead for the parties
nomination.
A new LA Times Bloomberg poll is found.
Former New York Mayor, your Rudy Giuliani is first in the survey with support from
27% of the Republicans and the dependencies they plan to vote in the primaries.
But Thompson is running just in the behind with 21%.
27.21.
McCain has got the 12 and Mitt Romney has got 10.
The rest of the crowd is mired in single digits.
Among the Democratic candidates the race to reigns little change in the 10s Bloomberg
poll in April.
Hillary's will always got a solidly 33% per racco-bam is 22%.
Running third is vice president Al Gore 15% and in China where it's only 8% even with the haircut.
And the most interesting lead, the most interesting part of this poll,
despite Swellery's lead Obama is the strongest Democrat in hypothetical
match-ups against Republicans in the general election.
How do you like that?
Running even or well ahead of the Republicans top contenders.
Well we see that that's why they won't nominate him because he actually can win.
Oh no, America will never like to black president.
Wrong.
Absolutely wrong.
Now where's the this one against that one thing?
It's not here somewhere.
Did I toss it?
Oh that would be bad.
I'm not a tossed.
Because that would be kind of interesting wouldn't it?
Yes it was.
What would we do over on to do that?
Be too interesting.
Yeah dig around for it.
I got it.
Damn it.
Joe Biden's got 5% diligence in four.
Little Dennis could send his 2% poor Christad he's only got 1%.
Nero to 3 choices.
It's Clinton 42 or Obama 32 and Edwards 20%.
Yeah the hypothetical general election match-up did not include Thompson.
Uh Julianna would defeat Clinton 49 39.
Romney loses by double digits to Obama or Edwards.
Also Lopsided Obama's margin over McCain 47 to 35% Obama would defeat
Julianna 46 to 41.
How do you like that?
I'm telling you barracks the man you idiots out there that want to put the most
devices the most polarizing person in the Democratic Party swallowing in there.
She had a trinement chance in a Japanese restaurant no chance.
But sushi yourself do whatever you want.
Do what you want one thing in a Greg Reed would have sushi crap you know what affects
your mind in a very negative way that must be the excuse for Greg you know he's that
kind of stupid look on his face.
You know something I can smell a macaroni and cheese in here now which means either I
nuke the two long and it's burning or it's just getting to that nice bubbly you know point now.
See the stopha's macaroni and cheese contrary to what who wasn't my friend the
z-man this guy was telling me a couple of days ago.
It's not good.
Maybe if you're cooking the oven it's good but first of all it takes forever any oven.
Sure.
Number one and number two I mean that's the way to crisp it.
I don't use my oven and the buzzer went off can I go get it talk about what's his name.
David Chase.
David Chase.
So anyway it's like this you know like if you go to an art store you can look at a painting
and you can either buy it or not and take it home into this but you can't do that
with these movies and with the TV shows so basically he ripped us off he owes me a whole lot
of money.
Did you read the articles?
He left town he wants a friend and he told all the other co-writers and everything don't
re-don't answer any questions and go over there.
He got a transcendence pants?
Yeah.
Because he knew exactly what he was doing knew exactly what the real history of this.
He knew it was long and he did it anyway.
Faker.
Man it is bubbly and it looks really delish.
Yeah.
It's not too hot.
It's just right.
Well it's too hot to eat now.
I don't want to interrupt you David Chase rant.
That's all right.
To be continued for all summer.
Well I think about you some franos people man.
At least you were loyal you know.
Well you got to and to show you his appreciation for your loyal
artist I could to you.
That's right.
Thanks David.
Yeah thanks to audience not.
God is that you know which part is really good?
The edges.
The part around the edges where really.
Right.
Oh yeah.
Not burned but close to it where it's really crisp.
You got it.
Oh yeah.
Little jittery.
Now we're cooking the oven the whole thing will be like that.
Then but that's a pain in your eyes.
The stove is really good because and don't tell me this isn't done inside.
Oh it's cold in the middle.
Oh jeez you got to go back.
This thing this baby's got to go back in there.
Yes stir it up and put it back in.
Well I couldn't do the break right now but I better go put this back in.
Talk about David Chase.
Or I could just play some James Brown.
One two three.
I'm trying to be good.
You're going to pop that building.
On the band.
It's smoking that.
On the band.
You back yet?
Yeah.
All right.
I'll put it in for another 99 seconds of
going to break it all up.
Be done and by the time we get back I'll be sitting here
eating a bunch of burnt macaroni.
You'll heat it.
Oh that nice oven brown.
That is true though.
If you cook it in the oven man you get that real nice
if you put the broiler on it or like a minute.
Oh yeah.
I know I'm a pig and I like my food but I'm I don't want to.
All you goody two shoes out there that pretend that I'm the pig.
You're probably bigger glutton than I am.
You love your food you know you just rely about it.
You think it's fat by not liking food I'll tell you that's right.
Criminalized pot in Florida.
I like love shrimp.
Party.
Little pie with chocolate chip ice cream.
I'll take with chocolate chip ice cream is good.
Winged in.
And chocolate's a spicy.
Wait.
Chocolate swirl ice cream even better.
That's nothing.
Did you ever suck the jelly out of the jelly donut and then fill it with
chocolate swirl ice cream?
I like to stuff a jelly donut with Reese's peanut butter cut.
Then put it in a warm oven and let the chocolate and everything melt into the dough.
How about peanut butter and jelly
on a chocolate covered grey and cracker?
Within my ears a banana on top.
Can I have a little lemon in my water please?
I make chocolate chip cookies with M&M's.
I'm going to chocolate chip.
They don't melt.
So you can have a little more lemon in my hot water please.
Still up a lot of lemon?
No I'd like a little fresh orange you squeezed in my end if you got it.
No sorry.
Okay then my man.
The Crohn's they got chocolate covered orange wedges.
The juice just dribbles down your chin.
Junior could I have just a drop of honey in this please?
Just a drop.
Where's the actual food?
It's covered with that thick dark chocolate.
Oh boy.
Had to write this stuff one that I'm in a donut.
Hmm.
Get the honey Junior.
Give me my honey Junior.
It's in the cover dumb.
Well get it.
What else did they cover with that chocolate?
I mean besides the orange wedges grapes, peaches, strawberries.
Junior, the honey.
Those big juicy stem strawberries who dip into that dark dark chocolate.
Before we dance to one another,
a suggests of honey.
Yes honey.
What do we know.
Sweet Joe Gibralen is 1148.
12 minutes to noon at 5.
60 of all gluttony radio baby.
We're eaten and we're enjoying it.
I'm eating my mac and cheese stopers.
You know what the problem is with this?
That's not as good as it could be.
What's that?
Good macaroni and cheese.
It sits in the container over here at a time.
It kind of sticks together.
You know what I mean?
Sure.
Mmm.
This is like two cream and pristine.
I see.
In other words, it cheeses like two goopy, which I like goopy cheese but not on a misprite.
Mmm.
Pretty good though.
Especially if some of that craft parmesan sprinkled on it.
Some of that craft parmesan cheese.
The cream, the cream container there?
No, this is the light.
26% less fat.
Smells like feet.
Maybe it smells like your feet.
My feet don't smell like cheese, Mr. Right?
It's a bit of a bit more like a sauce.
Mine don't smell like cheese either.
But parmesan cheese does.
It smells like feet.
Like whose feet?
Perishhilton's feet?
Mr. Parmesan.
Mr. Parmesan.
Mmm.
Boy who's that good?
Do you want me?
They had one.
It was some off brand I never heard of some conduct brand.
They had one macaroni and cheese in a freezer compartment.
It was big enough to feed the Chinese army.
I mean, even a pig like me would be too embarrassed to buy that.
Because I know, you know, Nuket, I probably put it in the oven.
And then eat the whole damn thing and die.
Whereas this one stover is small in here.
It's not going to kill me.
And it's carbs and it proves that there's no God.
Because the only thing that tastes really great are carbs.
I mean, yeah, and I steak is good every now and then.
But whoever went and got a second steak, right?
Right, that's a good point.
Am I correct?
You are.
You're a protein.
Satisfies your appetite.
That's right.
Doesn't stimulate it.
That's why atkins can work for people who can stay on it.
Who aren't gluttonous like me.
Who are addicted to sugar like me?
Who aren't addicted to refined carbs like me.
And like so many of you folks.
So many of you weak fat folks.
I feel for you.
Mmm.
How do we just start on the mac and cheese then?
Brandon.
Yeah, thanks, Brandon.
Trucks on the mail, Brandon.
Look at me 50%.
Yeah.
What does he get 10%?
Right.
Mmm.
Okay, let's get back to the show.
Okay, just eating on the air.
Although you've talked a little more about David Cheers.
Sure.
How do you want to kill him?
Skin him slowly from the back of the fingernails on up his arms
and save his neck for last.
Now let me ask Chris this question.
Have you seen...
I know I keep asking him this.
I don't know the answer.
Have you seen that?
So I don't think you have.
No, yet.
No.
Well, why not?
Because I just haven't gotten around putting in the DVD player
to watch it.
So in other words, you've got it.
Yeah.
This to me is a real crime.
You've got it.
And you're my bad.
It's what?
It's in my bag.
It's in your sack.
Yeah, kind of.
It's a big sack.
And what was the other one you were seeing yesterday?
You haven't watched it because George hasn't given it to you yet?
I don't know.
Yesterday he said that?
No, last week he said something.
Josh and I were talking about some flick.
And he said,
astonishingly he hasn't seen it.
Well, remember it.
And I'll write down in here on my hand.
And I know you got it.
Was it standing in the shadows of Motown?
Yes, that's it.
Okay.
I mean, well, what?
See, I'll be more interested in seeing standing in the shadows of Motown
than Faso.
No, you got to see Faso.
Just listening to that one scene is just like,
it's a great scene.
You're over the edge?
It's a great scene.
Mm-hmm.
Trubby checkers, baby.
Really, it worked like a jam, didn't it?
Oh, oh.
Like all the other weight loss gimmicks.
I'm almost done with this, by the way,
if you're getting aggravated and agitated,
how come I'm not, you know?
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
I'm not.
Not just you.
You don't care.
No.
You don't care because you've got a crappy attitude,
because that's why I can't get in taking care of it.
I don't blame you.
That's one of the pieces of me off, figure.
He's not the only one that's getting,
not getting paid apparently.
Oh, you don't understand.
You're getting paid.
You're getting paid what they agreed to pay.
No, no, no, no, no.
Um, Matt Dogg was saying yesterday on the air
that he hasn't been paid for two months.
Hey, don't feel bad, Brian.
He hasn't been paid for two months.
Mr. Mandage hasn't been paid for two months.
Quaternary.
Super stars.
Right.
Of course, he's probably not living hand-to-mouth.
Well, yeah, exactly.
He's got his, you know, concern.
That's not the point.
You just have to be starving in this dance for a paycheck.
When a paycheck is due, that's when real businesses,
real companies, send you to paycheck.
We're the ones who are not paying.
Definitely was saying he's not going to be doing any more of the
remotes, like yesterday, who I can sort of get.
So it's supposed to be at the golf tournament.
Yeah, I didn't go there.
It's not going to Dolphins Camp.
I'm not doing anything until they start paying again.
They're not paying him.
That's what he said.
He hasn't received a check since April.
Well, he's not a part of time or anymore.
He's like a full-time member of our highly esteemed staff.
And he's like you.
I wouldn't go that far.
No, seriously, what kind of garbage is that?
When the word gets out around town that Jim Mandage isn't getting his pay,
getting paid, I mean, a timely fashion, people are going to start looking at the beeslead
and say, what about you?
A yehoo's, man.
What about you?
Country bumping yehoo's.
And you know what?
They'd be right.
Anybody who would say that would be absolutely correct.
Let me tell you right now.
I'm looking for something.
Here it is.
No!
That sums them up in a nutshell.
Work your brains off, man.
Work yourself into a frenzy trying to entertain the audience.
Work yourself down to a nub for a bunch of shrubs.
You know, this isn't really great, but you know what?
It's okay.
That's good enough.
Well, it's good enough because I didn't have any bacon this morning or ran out
and I forgot to get any new.
I don't know about you, but do you ever use the oven?
I don't.
My wife Bakes a lot.
How about Chris?
She has.
I don't sure.
Sure.
She's a bacon fool.
You?
Chris does?
Yes.
Occasionally.
Figures.
Anybody that fed must be using every part of the stove that works.
Not quite.
Telling you.
Am I right?
He's got all the burners going on at the same time.
No, definitely not.
The burns.
Maybe that's what they did with your check.
They put it on the back burner.
My check?
Anybody's checked.
Anybody that's been out of pan?
We'll check the next check.
That is so freaking unacceptable, man.
It's disgusting.
Not as disgusting as me sitting here eating on the ear.
That's for you disgusting.
They're using this material in that promo without compensating them.
We're asking for permission or anything.
Yeah.
Yeah, they don't pan for it and then they rip the stuff off and they put it on a good day
parts and promo.
Sure.
That's what they are, man.
They're a bunch of users.
Like most employers, they're a bunch of users.
Use you and squeeze every ounce of energy and talent you have in your body and then discard
you like an old sponge.
That's life in the big city.
You got a thousand fifty-seven votes, so Chris aren't you excited about that?
I'm so excited.
Thank you.
We couldn't care less.
Let's get that money.
Okay.
Forget about votes on a stupid ass pool.
Because the votes would indicate we got a lot of people listening out there, especially
in these dog days of the summer.
El Dose de Hunyo, my God.
Meal.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Hey, man.
Where's that, y'all?
This your boy, D. Mike.
See how you be doing saws with like hooks and concepts and sprites, right?
But for you, that man trying to go black and stuff about the boxes.
Check this out, y'all.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to five.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
Three to four.
My A.D.
HBO.
Okay.
My A.D.
HBO.
Okay.
My A.D.
HBO.
HBO.
Okay.
Hey, sports, hey.
Not a magazine.
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Yeah, yeah, sports, hey.
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Yeah, yeah, sports, hey.
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
I'm not a magazine.
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Who would have put it in the box?
Mount the aircraft happens.
The Afghan police mistakenly thought US troops on the lifetime mission were Taliban fighters
and opened fire on them, prompting US forces to return fire and call an attack aircraft
killing seven Afghan police.
Officials be saying today.
While it was an accident, somebody got hurt.
US led coalists in the Afghan troops, meanwhile killed more than 20 forces affected Taliban fighters
during an eight-hour battle in southern Afghanistan yesterday.
President Karzai, who is nothing but a unicale steuge or chevron, I forget which one.
Big oil steuge.
Labeled a shooting at a remote police checkpoint in the eastern province of Nongarhar, a tragic incident
caused by a lack of communication.
Kind of like what happened in New York on 9-11, you know?
Like a communication?
Yes, it was.
Which is why so many people went back into the second tower and died.
Like a communication.
I don't think Rudy Giuliani could be held a blame for that.
Do you?
Not if you're good Republican.
Can you believe that the field is so weak?
Oh, yes.
So weak that Fred Thompson, a great Z actor, former senator, turned BS actor, is now almost in the lead.
I say bring him on, baby.
Bring him on.
Oh, who are they going to run against?
Barack Obama would, he would, oh, get lower with that fat ass.
Right.
Let me ask again, who are they going to run?
Swollary.
Right.
They will snatch defeat from the jaws of victory like you always do.
They know how, man.
They know how like nobody, like nobody ever.
Inmates at a federal prison in Otisville, New York.
Oh, I bet they know what a, um, ed cream is.
So their constitutional rights have been violated.
I have no idea where that is.
I've never heard of it.
Google it.
Where's Otisville?
Oh, no.
Like Johnny Otis.
Remember that song, Willie in the hand jive?
By Johnny Otis?
I'll find that song.
You find Otisville.
No, can I Google it?
Chris is doing it.
I'm Google it right now.
Wow, a lot.
Jive comes up a lot.
Yeah, but how about Johnny Otis?
I've got you in for a couple of months.
So you see that would be the way to, oh, you can't find it that way?
Yeah, well in the hand jive, here we go.
I can find it.
Anyway, I just threw it in jive.
It's in the Hudson Valley.
So it's just, I'm staying from New York.
Jive.
Johnny Otis in the middle of his nation, of course, we can't say it on the island.
It's right in the middle town, which I also have no idea where that is.
You know there's a, okay, that's another thing.
Do you know that there's a town called Florida, New York?
No, I do know.
You do now.
It's right in your chest.
Wow.
And when I think of a chest, or I think of two things, I think of a fester and I think of a chest.
A little island full of gay romance.
They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants.
Sundrants talk about them every day.
Bless with the miracle of being gay.
The very best of maggots in the USA.
Giving big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
The very best of maggots in the USA.
Giving big, big, big pleasure in a big, big way.
Just have to be.
Join the big swish to Chesterfield Queen, new choice of the fags of America.
I wonder if even Skolik has spoken them.
Anyway, religious books have been removed from prisons across the country in response to a federal directive.
Men to keep radical texts, especially Islamic ones, away from violent inmates.
But the lawsuits filed by three inmates at Otisville say all religions have been affected.
Inmate John O'Conn, speaking on behalf of the prison's Christian population,
told the judges that the Christian books that were taken out have helped inmates turn their lives around.
They've turned it around.
Back then probably that's as one, see there.
A government lawyer responded that prison officials need time to examine the longest of books
because some prisons have and his words been radicalized by inmates who are practicing or exposing various extreme forms of religion specifically Islam.
Those dang Muslims, baby.
That's right.
When it doubts stamp them out.
All the other religions will be good and Islam be bad, especially if you're looking inmate.
Am I right? You got it.
I got it.
Mark Cooper, as an article here in the nation, that you're not going to be too pleased about.
Hollywood, tilting the Hillary question mark.
After an early tabloid romance with Barack Obama, now looks like the Hollywood glitter rottie might be ready for a steady date with Hillary.
Oh!
The LA Times reports that Senator Clinton is Tinsel found's new favorite baby picking up a cool $1.1 million in Hollywood cash during the one-left coast visit last week.
The Times reports that the pro-Klitten buzz is all around town.
In fact, it's become so strong that Steven Spielberg, once considered a solid supporter of Democrat Obama, is now believed to be leaning in favor of Hillary.
According to the longtime industry, Politicoves.
Spielberg's political spokesman Andy Spahn, I wonder if he's keen to war in Spahn.
With Koi this week when asked about Spielberg's political thinking, we have nothing to announce he said but stay tuned.
But behind the scenes, the signs are pretty clear.
Last week, Clinton cruised to town raising a cool $1.1 million in one day and a celebrity-steader reception at News Corp, President Peter Churnin's house, and an event co-sponsored by Spielberg and television-financier, Hi-M Sabin.
I wonder if he's keen to war next-sabin.
Hi-M. Clinton brought in 850 grand.
Churnin's boss, Rupert Murdock, currently abitting to take over the Wall Street Journal, is a political right-wing lunatic who sometimes gives to Democratic candidates.
Even Super Agent Aria Manuel is one of Obama's top industry supporters' road of checks to swallery.
Oh boy.
Ah!
Later the junior senator from the York-Wentner Director, Brett Ratner's house, where she raised 250 grand, at the event held in Ratner's downstairs disco.
A variety of young Hollywood hipsters joined the pony-up, including Will I Am, Eric Dane, Rebecca Gayhart, Alex Avant, and Quincy Jones.
Quincy, Freak, and Jones, what does he have 110 now?
I don't know how many George went to-
No, right here, well, I never know.
When he interjects for us, sometimes it's a bad sign.
Sometimes I am in the back.
He means you're doing the purple apple quick step.
Later this month, we'll see if the trend holds all three top-tier Democratic candidates, who make passes true Hollywood over the next two weeks.
Well, not good news.
See, how far-weather people these people are?
Do she boxes?
Oh, where-
Will I am?
Well, what is that?
It's a rapper name.
Oh, yeah.
Is that what it'd be?
Sure.
Oh, you're what he said?
He said it'd be.
Well, even John Lennon was right, and he said let it be.
So what could be wrong with that?
Nothing?
Or sub-bon.
Excuse me.
I'm getting- I'm getting corrected.
The guy's name isn't Sabin.
I am Sabin.
Okay?
Oh, okay.
Or something like that.
Or from Brandon, who's in between telling me about his French bread pizzas already in the oven?
I'm not sure if he'd know that name.
If he'd know what name.
Next wave, Brandon would know Sabin.
Are you picking on him?
Get out of the way.
Keep him in the-
While thinking of wrestlers, so you know.
Keep him in that little box there with the I.M. box where he belongs.
He's very comfortable in there.
Don't start getting into a war with him because look what he did do.
He's going to a poor Josh.
Josh is going into rehab now.
Oh yeah.
Yeah, he's going into Vegas rehab.
Yeah.
I wonder what he's going to be doing besides getting past it out there.
I wonder who he's going to be.
I mean, what he's going to be doing.
Yeah.
A lot of it.
All these guys.
Oh, I'm going to Vegas.
I'm going to Amsterdam.
I'm leaving my girlfriend or my wife at home.
And I'm not going to be doing nothing.
Just, you know, a little drinking pool here in there.
Right.
We believe you.
Now even George doubts that there's any chance that that's accurate, you know.
That what's accurate?
That he's going to be not.
Yeah, he's going to be.
He's going to be chased all right by other than husband chasing.
Yeah.
Well, he's already been chased on our website.
Uh-huh.
And our mind space.
A lot of, mostly by guy.
I know that's what works.
They want you, Josh.
Sorry.
We'll be here soon.
That's pretty much it.
Mommy.
I can't be anything.
Don't worry.
What do you think I'm doing here?
It is.
Did you roll over?
You're going to sit calm or something.
Family.
Isn't it about time you left?
His message brought to you by the Church of Latter-day Satanists.
1217-560-W.
If you remember, that must have been Eric Baldwin.
Who else would talk to a little girl like that, right?
Right.
CNN's John Roberts announced a new political series yesterday.
They say that each week we'll tell you about a defining moment for one of the presidential candidates.
The first installment in the series concerned Rudy Giuliani and 9-11.
After playing a clip, you know, I'm so sick of my macaroni and cheese.
I want to swine.
I'm doing it.
There goes your blood sugar.
He's going to die.
Oh, yeah.
And just nauseous from it.
Just maybe want to, like, you.
We'll take a look at what happened.
We'll take a look at what happened.
What about David Chase?
All right.
Not good.
What?
I said I was.
Talk about David Chase.
All right.
He sucks.
He makes me want to play a clip of Giuliani insisting this war is not a bumper sticker.
And pointing out that he's based his entire campaign on his ability to fight terrorism.
CNN turned to political reporter Dominic Carter who covered Giuliani when he was mayor of New York.
Terrorism was not so much on his radar screen said Carter of Giuliani.
It was more of a law and order mayor.
It was more interested in closing down all a porn on Times Square.
Carter praised Giuliani's leadership after a 9-11 attack.
But questioned his judgment leading up to it, mentioning the controversial citing of Giuliani's emergency management center World Trade Center Building 7.
And the issue of the radios between the police and fire department, which was a factor leading to the deaths of 342 firefighters when the towers collapsed.
The country's largest fire-fired union is now leading an anti-Julyani campaign.
Giuliani's also recently come under heated criticism for ignoring toxic air pollutants and pressing for a rapid cleanup of the World Trade Center straight after 9-11.
CNN concluded with former FBI director Lewis Fri, who worked as a prosecutor in the 80s under the US Attorney Giuliani,
and is now member of the Giuliani campaign team, calling Giuliani the best and the brightest.
That phrase, which Fri used with no apparent sense of irony, comes from the title of a 1972 book by David Halberstin,
which detailed the disastrous decisions by seemingly bringing advisors to the Kennedy and Johnson administrations that led to US into a quagmire in Vietnam.
Hmm.
1091 on the pool, baby. You got a 1091. I think 1200 is in the bag. It's in the sack.
Yeah, we got that.
Yeah, Mr. Hatcha, we got it. Yeah, we got it.
Anyway, don't be picking on Kristen much. He had a brutal week with the Josh.
You mean brother like Josh had a brutal week. He did. He enjoyed it though. He likes it. He likes stirring it up.
More South Florida residents died with cocaine speaking of sniffing it up, snorting it up with cocaine in their bodies last year than the year before.
And fewer died with heroin as a factor, contributing to their deaths according to a report released yesterday.
The report summarizing statewide autopsy results from 2006 suggests the deadly use of cocaine and prescription drugs is on the rise while heroin and morphine are claiming fewer lives in Florida.
Broward County had 150 cocaine related deaths. Palm Beach County had 191 and date County 182.
Accounting for a quarter of the state's 2013 to death in which cocaine was a factor. Look at that Palm Beach County was more than data Broward.
You don't think that's because all those hot sea, hot sea, wealthy people who can afford that white powder to you.
Right.
The total of 523 was an increase from 495 the year before.
In contrast, heroin was a cause of 13 deaths in Broward, 8 in Palm Beach, and 20 in Dade.
In all three counties, numbers were down from 2005. Statewide deaths caused by heroin dropped 28.4%.
Dr. Joshua Perfer, the guy with a very strange head.
Yeah, Gumby.
Yeah, Broward's medical examiner said the county attended for 206 deaths involving drugs.
Isn't he lucky to have an Nicole Croke that made him famous?
That made his Gumby head very famous, Dr. Perfer.
In the report, I think when I have that macaroni come back at me again, it's definitely working its way back up.
Oh, that was some of the nastiest.
You were right there on the microphone.
I might.
I got a can of listerine in the other room, Mr. Clean.
In the report, drugs, including illegal substances, prescription medication, didn't have to call.
We're not always the main cause of death, but we're present, single, or in combination in people's bodies when they died.
In some cases, such as an accident, the cause of death was not specifically drugs, that they were found during the autopsy.
You should never let me eat that macaroni and cheese during the show.
No, you shouldn't.
Booz was the most common substance found, present in almost 3700 bodies.
Next to that was cocaine, found in 2052 bodies, and tranquilizers like Xanax or Valium found in the system of almost 2000 people who died.
Xanax or Valium.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Oh, just what movie I watched again last night, I already told him.
It's a warning weaver.
Yeah, imaginary heroes.
Imaginary heroes.
Imaginary heroes.
And it was just as good last night as it always is.
She's so great, it's just, it's scary.
That's how good she is.
Everybody's good in that movie.
And I don't know who that act.
The actress who plays her next to her neighbor, the one that let her hit each other like poison, she was great too.
She was funny as hell.
And there's a bug crawling on my wall.
Oh, one moment please.
Talk about David Chase.
David Chase sucks.
He sucks giant donkeys.
It was a little spider.
Oh, is that all it was?
Oh, yeah.
You're taking off from the radio show to deal with a spider?
How the hell can I tell what it was?
It was a little baby spider, okay?
It's dead now.
What matters what it was?
What was it coming at you?
The word works in the series.
It's a little spider crawling across my wall.
And that was dead.
Now it's just gay, a grey matter.
Splatter.
Let's see, let's see.
I don't want that them, uh, them what?
Table box falling off again.
What is that?
Uh, don't come in.
You know, I'm going to tell you something.
Decent stuff on there.
Yeah, come up with the name before you start singing.
It's different.
I remember with Mary.
This is, uh, uh.
I'm a school, well, I say it.
Yeah, I do.
What a super ass song.
Oh, come on now.
You got no set to humor.
That was a hit.
It was a novelty song obviously.
crap man, I mean some novelty songs like we can in the good men or purple people you are funny, you know
The way
Yeah, all fun of course I do team day. Oh, how have I went?
I'm talking about a team thing. Well a lot of big bang that's right now
Yeah, Chris will even know that record if you if you took it and slid inside is you don't know that song
I've heard of that song the witch doctor by David's to him
Yeah, right
You got that crap the witch doctor. Yeah, I don't think so. Oh
I thought you had the good stuff like sugar or any weaver wanted last night. I don't have the witch doctor. I'll have it soon
Damn it 1099 when I'm talking tax forms. We're talking on a poll
So I think 1200 is easily within your grasp in fact to deny 1200 they would be ludicrous most ever cool would say that
Speaking of fools Jew Lieberman
Had that story about him yesterday and it just keeps getting worse on sundays face the nation
Senator Jew Lieberman recommended an attack on Iran to get their leaders to play by the rules
That's bomb them. Let's kill him. Let's no come
Yesterday Fox News has Neocon Bill crystal who's a crazy person editor the weekly standard about Lieberman's remarks
The Neocon editor replied that when Lieberman was recently in Iraq
He was struck by the death and breadth
I've a rainy involvement in helping the terrorists attack us soldiers and also that Iran is now helping not just their fellow Shia
But all kinds of groups including Sunni al-Khater related groups who are attacking us soldiers
Does that mean that there is planning on the table or does it make it a lot easier for the administration to consider it crystal
It sure does he responded as Fox Rand the banner show down with Iran is an attack with the Islamic Republic imminent
Crystal then said that an anti-war democratic congressman recently called him and said he would support the reformations against Iran
Suggesting the possibility of a bipartisan consensus for military action
General Peter Pace chairman of the joint Chiefs of Staff who's replaced most announced on Friday raised doubts last February about whether the Iranian government was really involved in arming Iraqi insurgents
Fox News however did not report on pace remarks at that time because it's not good for business. It's not good for the party line see
So instead we bring a couple of right wing lunatics like Bill Crystal and Julie Bremen and put their crap on here
But a beep but a boop better like that. Let's get involved in another war
Let's sacrifice a whole bunch more people. So help me god if there are more food pictures and these links over here. I'm closing the I am
Brandon
Let's see. Oh no it's
hahaha
It's a church sign and it says tonight the neo-roger's will reading by George Rodriguez
Oh boy that's a beautiful thing
And what else do we got? We got another one probably the same crap
Same thing tonight the neo-roger's will reading
The lady of martyrs Catholic Church see I made it to church after all
And George has been to the reading of the will he'll be jumping up and down a little bit
And then we get to the end and sees his name is all the sudden missing
1100 even on the pull now you're 11
excited
Very thrilled
And just as I said that I dropped all
All these stacks of stuff. There's a slit here between the bottom of the board
What word did you say? Slit
And see you guys talk about David Chase while I get on my hands and knees is going on all day long
I'd like to finish a thought over here, but the guy who want to faker he is and how unacceptable it is that he did that
Just and it he didn't have to kill Tony
You know and he still could have left it open for a movie and just done something the whole freaking episode was a waste of time 40 minutes into it
This is everybody josh even said this 40 minutes into it you're checking your watch your clock
And you see that nothing has happened yet and you're thinking oh man
That means that nothing is gonna happen and how delicious would have been if AJ had gotten pop and why they have to kill
freaking Bobby Bakalat
He was our favorite character you watch about you Chris Bobby Bakalat
Never seen was great. He was the he was the nicest monster you ever saw
Well, I'll take you word for it because I never watched the show
Bill Rogers guy
If you've got some virtue losses then don't fly
Stay home if you've got blood coming from your eye
You're
And you're talking about the loo me you might have to work
Oh
If you've got some virtue assistant don't fly
Don't make a vacation if you're not to die
If you've got a killer head if you don't want to start an outbreak you might have to
Work it up
If you've got some virtue
Don't fly
Because you made an act of station
Don't fight
If you've got some virtue losses then don't fly
And if you sweat you love your sweet bit and your skin feels like a stream then you might have to
So don't fly
If you've got some virtue assistance don't fly
Because there's no work when you can justify
I'm tricked to see your an iris if you've got a badly high risk you might have some virtue losses
So don't fly
If you've got some virtue assistance don't fly
If you don't think you will live until July
While a mirror and have a look they are fed and read the good book you might have to work your losses
So don't fly
If you've got some virtue losses then don't fly
Because there's no make-up if you're gonna die
If you've discovered a blister stay home with your mom and sister you might have to work your losses
So don't fly
Oh
26 to 1 and 5, 6 to 7, Kim Kim Mandits will be here this afternoon
Even though he's not getting paid now did you just make that up?
Chris to be an OJ on provocative tour
No, he said that on the show yesterday
He said on the air he can't he can't get any money out of these bathrooms is that what he said pretty much
And chicken neck is going through this again now
Right
They owe him how much like 1200 bucks 2400
20 2400 bucks
That's what he said
To a guy like that that's like about 10 million
Right
To a schlepper like him that's like about 50 million
2400 bucks and they can't come up with it
Oh I'm sure they could come up with it
But they won't
They don't
How about paying your people?
We don't want
We don't want
Oh he's not really an employee anyway and we don't really believe in the stuff that he's doing anyway
And we don't see why it's important to the show anyway
And we don't really see the value of it anyway
And what's the cover to his sports?
Really
Sounds like
He better Dan will get paid this week or I just might not come back from vacation at all you know
You might have a lot of time to talk about that idiot David Chase great. We're all just playing music too and protest
That's a good idea in between talking about David Chase
I'd like to chase him down this fee with a baseball bat
Canada's most influential newspaper reports that Australian Prime Minister John Howard was a real fascist by the way
He's another George Bush wannabe
May have convinced Canada when it's long time support for the UN declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples
For 23 years Canada was a stock supporter of the declaration
But in May of last year Mr. Howard visited Ottawa and the Toronto Globe and Mail says things began to happen within days
The newspaper is quoting on named political sources saying Mr. Howard convinced another fascist Canadian Prime Minister Steven Harper during his visit
That the declaration would be problematic
Mr. Harper issued an edict that Canada no longer supports the declaration
Choosing to ignore advice to the country are coming from three government departments
But the paper also reports that a spokeswoman from Mr. Harper says there's no truth to the accusation that Mr. Howard influenced Canada's position on the declaration
Australian Canada alongside the US and Russia been lobbying intently to have the UN General Assembly
Scum of the declaration which has already been approved by the UN's Human Rights Council
The rights of indigenous peoples how do you like that?
Bastards
Who is this error propagandist or she's from
Palestinian constituent Palestinian
What do you blame for the fight?
Pardon?
Who do you blame?
Oh
I think I blame both sides
Well good for you that's a good answer for you
If she don't look like a terrorist and nobody does you know it
She's got that middle eastern dangerous look about it and that she looks very budget big nose like you you people have
She looks like she's not she's a Palestinian man you people you Middle Easterners you
She's a sand she's a sand person right all you Middle Easterners have them big. Yeah, she looks like an ugly guy
I mean doesn't it go without saying that a woman that looks like an ugly guys an ugly woman. I mean yeah
Yeah, pretty safe bet. Yeah
Now what do the 40,000
Paris Hilton articles do on here first all the one about the herbys. Oh you already did that with damn
We could not go read it again
In fact, I could google it. There's only about 60,000 articles about this Paris have herpes, you know
In her back home post-series
In her interior
Steven Elliott on this working chimferites Paris the hero
He says sometimes I think I think Paris Hilton is a hero. I watch the news
I see the willowy blonde staring from the squad car window face like a painting
Then I hear about overcrowded jails a corrupt LA sheriff and a two tiered legal system
It doesn't bother me that it takes Paris Hilton to draw attention to these issues
Well, it does but this is American you have to accept certain things
If anything the Paris Hilton's drab race all the rules of celebrity journalism and that it is actually about something
It's about money and the kind of privilege money can buy the kind of things that aren't supposed to be for sale like justice
It's about the California penal system broken under Pete Wilson and great Davis was regime or cheap slogans like tough on crime took over
The space reserve for intelligent analysis and were rammed through the state legislature or put on valid initiatives where they became law
Pete Wilson was going to run for president and great Davis's prime constituency was the prison guards union followed by the victim's rights groups
If you were to visit a prison like the LA County prison and Lancaster you'd see medium security prisoners
Most drug offenders stuck in endless bunks and was supposed to be a recreation larry
I visited Lancaster in 2005 there were only a few feet before the walls a bank of TV screens open toilets
Guard with a gun walking out of metal plank 20 feet above
The bunks were in two or three tiers and the prisoners were only outside one hour day
These people are serving years in the most horrendous
Overcrowd a condition to imaginable and it's costing cash peris huge sums of money
There's a PR campaign and a way to paint Paris open this punishment is harsh as if she was being penalized for being a celebrity
Sheriff baca even pointed to her harsh sentence when defending her decision to release her after three days
In fact, the sentence isn't harsh
This was not her first time being pulled over driving reckless license or license had been suspended
She was given repeated warnings and pulled over in at least three separate counties
She had assigned document in her glove compartment standing she knew she was not allowed to drive
She had the resources to hire a full-time driver most people in her situation are forced to drive an assistant license
To get to work thanks to general motors early dismantling of the LA public transit system
There are those that save the sheriff was within his jurisdiction to release peris early
But surely he could have found another prisoner to release one who sentenced in specifically state that she could not serve any part of her sentence under house arrest
This is about class warfare of the kind the rich have been waging on the poor. This is about separate and unequal
This is about a generation of poor stripped of political power in jail or on parole and Paris Hilton has got America talking about these things
Paris has become a and unlikely hero she didn't even try
Who well cared for golden hair is shining a bright spotlight on the ever increasing disparity between the rich and the poor
Perhaps when Paris is released for real she'll travel to countries speaking to these issues
Now that she's found God
She'll lobby Congress against mandatory sensing guidelines three strikes laws that target on violent criminals
The absurdity of valentines that cost more money while removing lawyer layers of judicial oversight
Just as the absurdly named gang violence in juvenile crime prevention act
So I want to take this moment to thank Paris Hilton for bringing these important issues back to the American conversation and the media for its excellent coverage of the events is damn full
Can a person be a hero even when they don't mean to be even while crying for their mother taking away in chains
I guess it depends on your definition, but I don't see why not
Right Stephen Elliott go to on the smirking chip
In other words you bitch
Or to be a little bit more specific and I'm sure I can find it you bitch you spot you horn
You
Trying
Thank you
I'll pay for the future with this whole portion
I'll pay for the future with this whole portion
I'll pay for the future with this whole portion
I'll pay for the future with this whole portion
I'll pay for the future with this whole portion
I'll pay for the future with this whole portion
I'll pay for the future with this whole portion
My bias in the 1247-65 WQM
I was almost going to start singing bomb bomb bomb bomb
I don't have the energy to do it
Thanks to that macaroni and cheese
God that stuff made me so sick
Oh you can't even begin to amant
I've been through it before with your son
With what?
You eat and you make yourself sick
If I had a dime I'd have a buck 50
You do it all the time
Why didn't you tell me that before I started eating it?
Okay, right
That wouldn't stop me
When I said I had just put it in the...
If anyone has the ability to stop a fat person from eating
I'd like to know what method they use
I'll tell you one and works every time
Alright
I don't have that good aim
No comment
You're far
That is the worst swill ever invented
Oh that bad stuff
And of course to show you if you can make it you feel that bad, that fast
And the reason it's doing it is because
When you have diabetes
Right
One thing you don't do is eat carbs under stress
Like when you're working in it or like if you were playing the machines at the woodman
Like that you don't eat
We like eating a Snickers bar while you're playing the slots
Because the added stress sends your blood sugar skyrocketing
In fact I'm going to let you talk about David Chase for a minute
I'm going to go on the other room real quick
I told the witch doctor I was...
Alright David's talking to that noise
Alright I'll be right back
And then the witch doctor told me what to do
I told the witch doctor you need to love me too
I told the witch doctor you need to love me too
I remember it like it was just yesterday
It was on a green label Liberty Records
And you know who else was on Liberty Records
Patients and prudence
Well then you remember the year right?
No
50 year and nine
Oh please
58
Well there you go
Alright
58
Boy am I a genius or what?
Even the evening I'm going to...
I'm freaking my finger right now
What?
What word did you say?
You heard exactly what I said
Okay
I took that...
My little lost stylus here
It just felt like a print
That's right
What did it look like?
It didn't look like anything
I got to do it again
I can't get any blood out
This is bad, this is a bad sign
Oh there's a big glob
Okay
There's a big glob of blood
I mean just...
You're going to break your meter
Won't that be bad?
And you know something nothing happened
It didn't work
You put your finger and nothing happened?
Oh jeez
And then the little strips you know
Crossed in your a bucket piece
They cost like 88 cents a piece
There's a bucket on the toilet
And you know for me, for me I can handle that
What do you think it in your vein?
But for you guys
Yeah play Carly Salmon and you're so vain
Come on, come on right here
It's not working, oh there it goes
You're right, for a second there I thought maybe you were right
I'm busted the meter
It's not a guy
Oh it's not that bad, it's bad
It's um...
You want me to tell you the number?
People are going to plots
I don't know what the number is supposed to be so aren't you?
The number should be like right now maybe 1,2,800 days
You know, 150
Yeah
Let's see, 16.9 times 18 is what?
15 is 270
288, oh it's about 300
That's very bad
That's bad
You'll snack in bad blood
Sugar
Thyme
You're the best driver company
Yeah, but it was you
Sure, you're the best
You
You didn't want to hear more?
Here's a picture, I'm going to drink the picture brand and sends me of Alka Celts or Plus
Cherry, I didn't know they made it in flavors
Yes, that's what I need now
Cherry, cherry burst
You think Ellen burst in this burst in?
I'm burstin' all over
1134, you know, maybe you've on the head and shot at something more
I think 1200 times is fine, let's play it safe today
Exactly
The last thing I need to do is have a lot more stress during that big 1-2 hour
In fact, I'm thinking during the 1-2 hour we're going to alternate between playing Rita Book, Rita Mother Scratch
And book, the witch doctor and George Bitchin about what's his name, Chase
Right
God
Barack Obama's pissed off, he says President Bush is nominating the FEC, the Federal Elections Commission
It's more interested in denying voters rights than expanding in franchisement
And should not be installed on a panel test with ensuring fair elections
You've all got Barack
You notice though how they're going to knock him down and that is a racial thing, by the way
See, the people that are always screaming, racial thing, they're full of crap
They are, they're going to use that, but the real thing is that they don't want him to win because he's good
Right, because he's not a shield
Not a corrupt, right, bought off shield
Like Hillary, like Hillary
Obama says, hands on Spakowski's partisan influence within the Justice Department Civil Rights Division
And his prior rules as a Republican appointee make him unfit for the job
Individuals named the Commission should have demonstrated a record of fair administration law and an ability to overcome partisan biases of AmeriRotor
The Chair and Ranking Member of the Senate Rules Committee
Unfortunately, Mr. Vans Spakowski's experience does not demonstrate the even-handedness required of an FEC Commissioner
Obama said that Vans Spakowski's role in creating a Georgia voter ID law
Which career justice to farmers' determined would create undue hardship for black voters
Federal and state courts eventually overturned Vans Spakowski and found the program on Constitution
Let me say it again, on Constitutional
The Illinois Senator Democratic Presidential candidate also noted Vans Spakowski's reported rule in overriding objections of Justice Department Law
As to what critics say were politically motivated decisions to approve a redistricting plan in Texas
As the Williams say in the South, Kushner and Tussis, Texas, Texas
According to it, is that what the Williams say in the Mississippi and Alabama and Louisiana?
Kushner and Tussis? According to it, 2004 New York or Article Vans Spakowski was the administration-cheap operative on voting rights
And prior to serving in government, he was the architect of an idea at purging felons from voter rolls that led to the mistake in disenfranchisement of thousands of mostly Democratic voters in Florida before that awful 2000 election
You call that an election? I call that an abortion
President Bush appointed Vans Spakowski to the Commission in January 2006 using another of his infamous recess appointments which allows him to temporarily delay his requirements to subject nominees for congressional approval
And the beat goes on
More face-to-lations, more face-to-lations, more the same
And thank you Mr. President, by the way, for those low bargain-based McGance prices and that really strong American dollar, not
You think I'm sick now, wait till I take a look over here to the business channel and listen with the Canadian dollars worth today?
Oh, it's gonna make me puke, I'm telling you right now
I can feel it well enough in my puppet, man
It's coming back at me, his Rick Rottie would say, how's he doing, by the way, hopefully not too well?
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
I think we got 1200 licked
The Dow is down 63
You see when Rick Rottie started talking about what is fair value?
You know, fair value is plus three when he started doing his stock market stuff
That's the point that even the people who liked him, and there weren't too many
Even they began to say, are you kidding me?
Isn't that what they said?
Twice
In fact, I'm not really sure we can...
Oh, I'm kidding, are you f***ing kidding me?
Oh, look at that, the Canadian dollar is under 94 cents, it's 93.98, what a bargain
When I came up here five years ago, it was 62 cents
Now it's 90, almost 94 cents
Almost 94 cents, you know what that does to a poor slumber like me?
Tears my kiss fees up, maybe that's why my innards feel like they're ready to fall off
I just got the rail, and when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping all the women with painted lips around the pole
I listen to the Neal Rogers one or two hours
I mean, I listen to the Neal Rogers fair and balanced one or two hours
Wooh, wooh, wooh, wooh, wooh, wooh
The ideas are bigger, and even more bizarre
Well, I mean that a defeat in Iraq will embolden the enemy
And more outrageous ideas
And that way the world will be better off if we did leave
If we don't, if we don't, if we don't, if we don't, if we don't, if the world will be worse
The world is better off if it's not leave
You are crazy
George Foreman joins America in Infinity
In courts, come from overseas
He's a brilliant Wednesday only on ABC
I think I know what his problem is, is a child he was fed too much stuff for his macaroni and cheese, man
It's a killer
Now what are the popus like that?
Didn't the Catholics always eat macaroni and cheese on a Friday?
Yes they did
For years and years and years and years and look what it did is fried their brains
Although some people like fried brains
Yummy
One o'clock at 5.60 now, I think George is going to be doing a David Chase rip-off from one to two
Oh man
Rip-winners, I'm just, I'm ready to pass on from that one
And why did you let me do that, either one of you?
Why did you allow it?
Because you were out of reach or I would have physically restrained you
I would have thrown the cheese into my computer
I took it again, it's up to 3.44 now
Do you know any idea that's not?
No, no, I have no idea what that means
That's more than 200 points high
Thanks Brandon
What the hell is he got to do with it?
He's the only guy he started on now
Oh he's the one yesterday got me to go to the store and after I ate a taco bell
I went to my dominion which is right there
He's the only lady I got
I got ice cream bars
If I told you what I yesterday you would just pass on
Oh yeah, probably
You would
You'd fall on the floor and you'd say oh no, no, no, no
It's like it's like suicide, it's like slow suicide
And the excuse being oh I'm addicted but I don't buy it then
Don't eat it, don't buy it, don't touch it, don't look at it
Don't think about it, don't look at pictures of it
I'm taking this one last time, oh boy
358
Great, runs with
I'm dying over here
Rhymes with that
So I have a little less coherent than ordinary
Thank goodness I got that vacation coming up
I won't have any bad influences
Good
Oh yeah, that's it
Now he sends me a message
You better not eat something wood buying tomorrow
See that just playing in the sea there again
I mean I think all the three years I've been going to wood buying
Okay, losing my ass there
And all the time I've been going I had the macaroni and cheese twice
What's in a while I go up and get a slice or two of pizza, a macaroni pizza
And I take a plastic fork and I just eat the cheese and pepperoni
And I throw away the crust, I only eat a drop of the crust
Yeah, which is okay
But the real culprit in this was that I was unprepared
No microwavable bacon this morning, no bacon period
Because that stuff has got no carbs and it's like
It doesn't affect your blood sugar at all
It's got a lot of nitrates and nitrites so it'll give you cancer
Things like that, but ain't nothing's perfect you know
So not having that gave me the excuse since I knew this was in the freezer
See that's the one thing about Hank, I'll admit
Not having any food in the house
When you're a big fat pig like he is like I am
And like all the fat people are
If you have food around, I'm like people who aren't really addicted to food
If you have food around, guess what?
You're gonna eat it? Right
That's correct
I'll tell you after I had the taco bell I had the gordita
And the burrito supreme with no beans
Yeah, you should have the flakita
I think I've got that now
In the chair
I think I'm gonna have to wear the flakita jacket to do the show tomorrow
But you don't want me to tell you this because it's too embarrassing
But you know me, I have no embarrassment fact
That's why I work for these people
Who don't pay their bills
I bought a box, a generic box, I don't even know what the brain was
It wasn't any, like some local Canadian brand
They looked pretty good on the picture on the box and they were good
Five ice cream bars, chocolate covered strawberry ice cream
Okay?
All right
Not, not diet, not with sorbet or anything like that
Guess how many of the five I ate during the course of the afternoon yesterday?
Five
Right
And then
Wait, there's more
Capped it all off
With the first installment of the Stoheurs macaroni and cheese
I guess that's why I didn't know how bad it was
Because I was already so sick from eating all the other stuff
It had no impact, you know
Where there's no taste, where there's no sense, there's no feeling, something like that
Wow
Fitzgerald wants Libby Jail
Now see, I'm not gonna be able to read these stories
Because I'm like, incoherent now
My blood sugar was like, gonna go over 400 now, which I couldn't possibly do this last hour with that
So should I call in sicker what?
No
We just played
We gonna play the witch doctor and read a book
No, I'll get through it
But maybe, and maybe not
Maybe before the end of the hour I'll be going
I'm dying out of here
It's like BS
Brent Badawski on this murking chip
I told him we had like 100 more para stories
And then I got that story about the Haitian kid that weighed 35 pounds
That just makes me wild when I read stuff like that, you know
Let me say it again, biologically, just about any people can make babies
Okay, any male and female
Over a certain age, under a certain age, can make babies
It doesn't require any great skill
You know what I'm saying?
I don't
Maybe it's a thrill, but it ain't really taking no skill
But it's another thing to be responsible
And that's why I've been screaming for years about forced sterilization
That's the answer, that's the only hope in the world
Forced sterilization
And I'm gonna be the director of admissions
I'm gonna decide who can reproduce and who's gonna get cut
Like it's a football game, you know
But they make cuts that can't
Don't cut!
Right, yeah
Don't, don't, please
Red Badaski, Paris Hilton, the Queen of cable television
On this murkingship, do I have time to read this before the break?
Because you're not gonna be reading it fairly incoherently
So excuse me up front, it's not that long
I'll excuse you up back
Give credit where it's due
Paris Hilton has just achieved a domination over cable news
That was so total for a period that bordered on monopoly
The urgent Marine Corps request from the front lines for life saving equipment has been 90% ignored since 2005
This caused American lives what received no coverage compared to Paris
Medical experts now forecast a huge increase in Alzheimer's
A lot of biotech companies may find breakthrough treatments
But Paris Hilton overwhelmed it all
Over a billion people out of a mostly women and children in poor countries
Are sick and dying because they can't even get water or basic sanitation
You don't hear about this on cable even without Paris
But with the latest conquest of the media they don't have a prayer
Paris into the jail, Paris outside the jail
Paris in her car, Paris crying, Paris laughing, Paris modeling, Paris here there and everywhere
In the coming months Paris will find God or support the troops or points of photographer
Or write a best-selling book or get a multi-million dollar deal for a new reality show or find Donald Trump
Probably all of them each move a new conquest of the cable medium
She owns them, they are putty in her hands they'll fall to their knees every time she makes her next move
And the Paris Hilton business a bull market
You heard it here, within the year there will be a fourth cable news network or an invasion of one of the little three
It'll appeal to the tens of millions of more progressive Americans who have separate Keith Obreman
Are non-persons in the current cable configuration
It'll appeal to the women who are not allowed their rightful share of cable hosting
Even though they are a majority of voters and spenders
It'll appeal to African Americans who have less representation as hosts than a recently fired host to meet Treyett racist comments
It'll appeal to the huge growing demographic of his Spanish who don't even exist among little three cables
Except his pictures and objects often unfriendly during the immigration debate
In the meantime Paris wants it all, she goes for the gold and she gets it
She is the queen of cable news, the Bill Gates of MSNBC, the Rupert Murdoch of Fox, the new Ted Turner of CNN
They worship at her altar while the rest of us look for something else to watch
The winds of change are in the air, remember where you heard it first
Right, Brent Badochsky, a butt out Brent on Smirking Champ, he's good
How's Kristia with that pole today? See if I got enough energy in the middle of my head to the side?
Oh, just barely, I think I'm a little off-kilter here
My head's starting to spin a little bit like Linda Blair
153 votes, could you have a relationship with a girl if she had sex with you on the first date? That's the whole question
Yeah, what's wrong with that?
867.75.1%, obviously the correct answer, although what I know about such things, you know?
What do I know about heterosexual dating and mating?
And things like that, things of that nature, you know?
The old slide, the pepperoni, all stuff like that
75.01% say, yes, what's wrong with that?
Hell yeah, she'd be a change of pace for my blow-up doll 105, and I believe those
I believe it then, and I believe it now
No, that makes her a slut 98, 8.4% agree with Josh Corris, who's in the very, very small minority on this, that makes her a slut
I would think would make her very desirable
But then again, like I said, what do I know?
I'm a girl who likes sex on the first date 42, and I'm a girl who won't date any guy who wants sex on the first date 41
Kind of even, Stephen, that's like 7.1%, aren't you amazed at 7% of the audience at least in this poll is like ladies?
I'm impressed
Now if we could just see that in the arbitrage, we'd have like a real number, you know?
Right, 25.50, bro
And by the way, how come I never saw that? Clarence?
How come when the trends came out last third day, I never got to see even like a snapshot of our person's 25.504?
Because if you double the number, you can get close to what the men number is going to be
Right, we know that
But for some reason we never got that, you can be sure that Clarence is out to a 3-4 hour lunch now
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station
Oi, I had a trip in pay
One day she flew away
To Tijuana where the moon is blue
The moon is blue
But with our right wing censorship, there are works that mustn't slip
To truly tell you how I feel for him
That's still far away
So, if you see K&M Tijuana
And I'll see you with GD-1 or 2
And now if you see K, tell her I'm a service day
And the SEC will let me sing this
So, I'll go to pay now if you see K
Take her hand gently say
That after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days old
If you see K, it would be 1-0
Then I'll see you with GD-1
I'll go, go, go, but gotta see you with GD-1 or 2
I'm dying on the hair
115 at 560 WQM, I'll survive, man
Just because my blood sugar is 3-64, whatever it is right now, I'll survive
Just because it's 230 or 40 points too high
It's because I get bad advice all the way around
I'm just playing with other people, you know
What did I say last week, Chris?
Don't blame it on everybody else
Look in the mirror, see the source, nobody forced fear that
Nobody put that macaroni into my little basket of the story, you know
Or else they just have blame everybody else
Oh yeah, that's right, blame everybody else, find a scapegoat
Nobody put that into my basket
Nobody in the middle of the show decided to stick it in the microwave and nuke it
And get it nice and really, which you never got like that anyway
You know what kids like that?
What?
Around the edges
Oh yeah
You know the inside edge of the container
And the rest of it inside is like all moushy, you know
It's all like two... two buttery, you know
I don't know what the hell they do, but it's not good
So as much as you hate crafts, I hate stovars, okay?
Right
No problem
Dispice, I'm revolted by them
I recoil from the thought of them
But nevertheless, I recoil from the thought of this story too
And I think I ate all that food yesterday and this poor little kid
Up in Port St. Lucie
And by the way, Greg from Port St. Lucie
Everybody on this show still hates you like poison including the audience
And don't ever go on my Myspace page again, stay in hell away
What happened to my friend, the Serbian Stagnan?
Anyway, Port St. Lucie, the boy looked so frail, Yula Gibson at first thought him a ghost
A ghost?
She looked a second time at the tiny face peeping through her front window, she rushed to the door
And when I hear that peeping, you know, makes me...
Reminds me that we can't play this big, it's funny as it is
Peeping through the keyhole, watching mom and dad
But anyway, well, we can't play anything if it's funny
Now that's basically what Joy said
When you ask for what the guideline is, if it's funny, don't play it
Standing on the rose-colored cobblestone steps on her porch
Was an emaciated boy wrapped in a blanket, he wore clothes but no shoes
Gibson guessed he was about six
She asked him where his mother was, he said he didn't know
The boy said he was hungry and Gibson let him into her house
I'm sure he'd come from her, how long you going without food, and she called the police
In fact, the boy wasn't six, he was ten years old, but we had only 35 pounds, police said
Less than half of the boy's age should weigh
35 pounds, my ass weighs that much, okay?
Back down 35 pounds
Yesterday the boy who was still yet to be identified remained under carrot palms
West Hospital in Luxohatchee while his mother, Killing Auguste, appeared before a St.
Lucy County judge
Auguste 37 mother of nine children and expecting her 10th, I know we had the story yesterday, but this is more on it
But you think this mirror would say more on?
Expecting her 10th was arrested on suspicion of felony child neglect, but as yet to be formally charged
She was being held yesterday at the St. Lucille County jail on 150 grand veil
Police officials said two over nine children are adults, but that the remaining seven are in the custody of the state department of children and families until the case is sorted out
My heart has been touched by that child said Gibson, who owned a phone police around 3 p.m. Saturday
Now like many of her neighbors Gibson is trying to understand how the quiet family in this well kept working class neighborhood could be at the center of such a horrific child welfare case
Remember what I said about forced sterilization?
Uh-huh
I never met Auguste, I don't know who she is Gibson said I just don't understand how something like this could happen
Port St. Lucille Police Department spokesman Robert Vega said he's not releasing the arrest report because the case is under investigation
But he said Auguste, other children did not appear to be malnourished
One of Auguste, a very 12 year old known as Prince
Frequently played at the home of neighbor John Hess whose own 12 year old son had become good friends with him
My son is probably the closest of anyone I know to the family
I never thought there was any kind of director abuse going on, Hess said, princes are real nice kid and seemed healthy
Everyone was just blown away when we heard about what happened
Well maybe he was the odd kid out, you know
Maybe he didn't like him, maybe he was the red-headed stepchild
I don't think he's red-headed
Did you check?
No, you check
Neighbor said sometimes Saturday afternoon the 10 year old boy left the home at 940 South West Versailles Avenue
And began knocking on doors asking for food
Somehow he made it across the street either around the corner through the art of a neighborhood home
Golan on Cornelia Avenue in Cibson's front porch
The good lord sent him my way, she said, the good lord
The same good lord that let him be given that shape in the first place
Hmm
Gibson said he asked the boy if he was allergic to peanuts and he said no
She made him a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and poured him a large glass of orange juice be calling police
Before calling, oh and I think I'm sick
A peanut butter and jelly sandwich and a big glass of orange juice
Oh man
Can you even begin to imagine all of that like percolating and congealing in the middle of somebody's pulpit?
He wasn't filthy or nothing, he was just very thin, Gibson said he seemed very thirsty
He wasn't filthy or nothing
Olnip August, O-N-I-P-E, Olnip, or is that Olnip?
No, come on
Olnip August has been said he was shocked to learn of his former wife's arrest at a boy's ill health
Olnip August said he is only one child with a woman, a six year old girl
Now with her siblings under state care
He said he's not involved in his daughter's life hasn't spoken to his ex wife for more than a year
Before she moved from West Palm Beach to the beige single story of home she now rents in Port St. Lucley
Less than three miles from him
FDLE record show killing Augusta Florida native has received only traffic violations
Olnip E said he pays $348 a month in child support to August
And say he didn't know whether she was having money problems
I mean, how could she be having money problems? She's only got like nine and a half kids
Olnip E said he remembers Olnip E said he remembers the boy as being very slender
Even when he was involved with his mother more than six years ago
He said he remembers the boy was called V but couldn't remember his name
AV
I mean is that
35 pounds at 10 years old that just doesn't seem right
Olnip E August said that can't be said Olnip E and you know what? It is
AV say how to own a pee
How about one a pee
Or canopy
Yeah, you know I that would have been better for once in that macaroni and cheese I'll say the right in the hand a piece
One thing I've discovered about people were not diabetic they know nothing about diabetes
Right
And so they take it all very it's all a big joke
It is a joke
It's a big joke
Oh get some of that ice cream get some macaroni like this
And it's just they don't they don't get it
And when you're diabetic and your blood sugar gets like way up high
And especially if you're trying to like work or do something physically demanding at a given time like walk you know
Hey you just can't do it
Because you get like the logo you have no energy just it just dreds taps the energy from your body
And the fact that Chris allowed me to do that
You're gonna see if you don't cut the crap you're gonna be diabetic
Then you're gonna be really sorry and you're gonna say oh I wish I had a listen to that old bag he was right
I mean you got a good start there you lost what about ounce and a half something like that you lost 30 pounds
Yeah
That's now and then what happened how long would you lose the 30 pounds
It's been going on for about the past year I guess
And then what does that mean it's been going on for the past year?
Well I said like an affordier or something
No I've been working to lose it over the past year
And I just got a new treadmill because one that we had died so I'm getting back into it again
Yeah
Is that an answer to my question or what?
You asked when did I lose it?
Oh look at that came down came down a point came down that's because I took a peel
I figured I'm not gonna risk having a stroke here on here already did that once and I would do it again
Not not for these people
Not people who don't pay their bills so I took a peel
You know what I'm saying?
So you won't be ill and so I can just kind of chill how you feel like crap
The audience is thinking especially after I gave the rundown
I was doing so well too until yesterday until that all those pictures of all the food came on there
And I see I'm not blaming Brandon I'm blaming myself
I allowed myself to be a weakling
189 pound weakling you know
Back when I was a kid Charles Adless used to have the I guess for I don't know what it was for
Health spa magazines I don't know what it was for
Don't be a hundred pound weakling or stuff like that and it'd be more like Charles Adless
And I decided to be like more like gay like that
And I worked out okay worked out just fine for me
Are you sending me these faxes or these like yeah
Oh boy here we go again
Whole bunch of priest faxes oh brother
The priest of a Northern Michigan parish will be in court today and have to be caught in any legal sex act
Over a weekend a week ago
We had a slaw Marzinski 42 and Richard Jacquoise 51 were arrested by state police
In a public park off Keystone Road near Traverse City, Michigan
According to police the two men were engaged in a sex act
Marzinski has been the priest that say Mary's in Hannah a small parish near Kingsley since 2001
The priest originally from Poland has now been put on administratively by the Ices of Gaylord
What is it that Ices of Gaylord? Is there a common there?
Marzinski faces a misdemeanor charge of scene conduct will be in court today the other man was in court last week
The charge carries a maximum penalty of 90 days in the Husqaw
And we got a whole bunch more of these of pervert pre-stories always some of my favorites too
Okay, because you people continue subsidizing
New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New
New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New
New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New
New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New All New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New new New New NewX New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New New
images of child pornography.
That goes on.
That one goes on forever.
Well, that's another thing.
Spanish National Police arrested former Arizona priest, father George Washington,
Cordova Hernandez, and Guadalajara, Spain on charges of sexual abuse.
Arizona Attorney General Terry Goddard announced yesterday.
Guadalajara.
The 51-year-old priest was accused in 2005 of sexually abusing two minors between 1988 and
1991 when he was assigned to franceses of a sissy parish in Yuma.
Oh, Yuma Arizona, I've been there.
Remember I turned that story about driving to Yuma and getting a call from Sid Levin
and turning around and coming back to Florida?
And that's what started all this nonsense 31 years ago.
Thanks, Sid.
Cordova was then indicted on 10 counts of sexual abuse and a warrant was issued for
his arrest, but he fled to his home diocese in Ecuador before police could arrest his
ass.
Various local and national enforcement agencies including US Marshal Service, FBI, and
Yuma Police conducted a joint investigation leading to the arrest.
He's going to be held in Spain until they can extradite his NASDS.
And last and certainly not least I'm sure, well actually certainly not last, there will
be lots more.
A former priest at St. Peter's Catholic Church in only Maryland was arrested Wednesday on
charges of sexually abusing a boy 28 years ago.
William Schmick-Sherry Stox, 63, a parkland drive in Aspen Hill also been arrested in May
on charges of custodial child abuse that stemmed from alleged incident in 1980.
Stox served as the associate pastor at St. Peter's from 1974 to 83.
The investigation led to the arrest began in June after police reported the first incident.
Officers know that this type of sexual abuse is usually not a one-time one-person occurrence.
Police made the original arrest warrant so that other alleged victims knew an investigation
was being conducted.
The now 41-year-old male victim from Layton'sville was allegedly abused by Stox when the victim
was 14.
The victim reported that during a face-to-face confession with the priest at St. Peter's,
the priest touched him inappropriately.
Probably down there.
Oh no.
Approximately two weeks later, Stox drove the victim and other altar boys to the movies.
During the movie, Stox sat next to the victim and touched him inappropriately.
Police reported.
Probably down there.
Oh no.
After the movie, the other boys were dropped off and the victim was left alone with a priest.
The victim was then driven to the church where Stox asked for help with some boxes.
As they entered a class, a cloakroom stuck again inappropriately touched and essentially
assaulted the victim.
Stox was around, I wonder if he could appropriately touch and assault.
I'm sure there's a way.
Stox was around, you know what they say, George?
Where there's a will?
There's a way.
What I heard.
Stox was arrested on charges of child abuse, secondary sex offense, and four counts of
third degree sex offense.
Being held at the Montgomery County detention center, a hundred grand bond.
And it goes on.
He did this.
He did that.
He touched this.
He touched that for the beep for the beep for the beep for the beep for the beep.
And that's the name of that tune.
Now, I want you to mark that spot on the tape, Chris, because I said, that's the name
of that tune.
I did not say June.
I did not say, Cocamone.
I did not say, Cune or balloon.
I said, tune.
What did you say?
You heard it.
Schmuck.
I said, puss.
Runs with.
But, okay, thank you.
Cloths.
I have an 85 out of 40, I have a 1200 looked all the way.
Although, I haven't been pushing it because, you know, it's an easy and a 1200, okay?
I want to create a nasty situation there where we had like 12, 40 or something like that.
And then I always go, oh gee, if we had really pushed it, you could add like 13 or, why
do we care about David Letterman's, Cune?
Are we supposed to be pretty attention to this?
Listen to your deal on his show.
But I want to just take a second here to thank some people.
On Friday, friends.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Hooray.
You know, you know who are the worst people in the world?
The people who sit in the audiences of these shows?
Oh, yeah.
They're always hooting and howling and huddling and puking and any wonder, what is it that
they're getting that I'm not?
It's kind of like on that morning show we got, you know?
You punch it up and if we're not in commercial or a weather or traffic or something which we
are most of the time.
But if we're not in that, we're in the middle of all this tremendous hysterical, laughter
and puking, ho, ho, ho, like that.
Maybe it's Jolly Joe now that he knows that show is going off.
He's laughing up his sleeve.
So you think now, to whom have you brought the attention of this problem again?
We just went through this last month with chickenette, right?
Clarets.
You brought them to him again?
Yes.
And he said, but a boot, but a beep.
No, seriously, what did he say?
He said he would go and do something or nothing as the case may be.
He'd do what he can and we know what that means.
Nothing.
There you go.
He says useless.
He says, lighting up the hem.
He doesn't write chak says, you know, so they ignore him the same way they do.
He says, as breast on a rattlesnake, I could use breasts on a rattlesnake.
As a matter of fact, I think I know one.
Yeah, I was waiting.
You know, sorry, I left you that pregnant pause.
You probably must have thought I'd died or something like that.
Or he really swooned.
Yeah, I was going to help up there.
My jean is shunned.
I got news for a man.
I'm going to be around long after your asses did.
Let's not all that will trust you when I tell you.
When I'm 65, that'll really come in handy.
Buy a nice bag.
Sure.
Why not?
Maybe two old-plated bag.
They made me make me.
Old-plated walker would be nice.
It's been broken by an internship that your ratings are dying now.
Well, I don't want to show you what a big ass said I was to your hand.
How?
You're done.
You can fight somebody good enough to film my baggy pants.
Are you ne easy?
Very no chance.
I love to be coming back.
Outside of considering a lucor in a big counteract.
If you want to know what it'll save you from shutting that transmitted the clowns
in, why that's easy?
Sure.
Don't go down.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Well, I'm out of the way.
Oh, you need a spell.
It'll go close.
Oh, you need a spell.
I need your own three clasps only.
Got you the dang.
I said my ratings are bottomed out in the chain.
Which radio have you remodeled to us with a gay and civil war?
And we did.
Oh, you need a spell.
Now we can't.
Oh, you need a spell.
It can prove a secret.
Oh, you need a spell.
It can prove a secret.
It'll go close.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
Oh, you need a spell.
They think you're a Josh.
You're still going to do it.
He doesn't feel sorry for you, okay?
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps those who help themselves.
God helps his blood and sweat.
God's power.
He struggled with it.
I published this story in one of the titles that he had read in theot
I wrote down that my mother-in-law helped her
Where she cried in one of the titles.
strict Muslim.
Banas' body was found April 2006 months after she was killed.
Honor killings were almost unheard of in Britain until a few years ago, but please, and
prosecutors now estimate there about a dozen such murders a year.
Campaigners say that the issue was misunderstood and that the authorities have been unwilling
to get involved for a furrow of upsetting cultural sensitivities in minority communities.
Banas had contacted police a number of times before her death, saying her life was at risk,
no action was taken.
They were like Santino, don't interfere, remember that?
Mama Corne.
And in Corne's under way to the police handling of the case.
I don't think I have loved anyone as much as I have loved Banas, Suleiman, said the
statement.
She was my first love.
She meant the world to me and now she's dead.
Mothmood, Mothmood, Arya, Mothmood, and Hamah will be sent to the later date along with
the
Mothmood.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
And then she was sent to the police.
1196.
And it's not moving, man.
I think Eric's got the emergency break on.
You know, he's a player.
Eric, get your foot off the break.
OK, I know that there are going to be four more votes on there for crying out loud.
But try to have a nice day here.
Now I know why he steps on the break.
He just hates you.
That causes us to spises you.
That causes us to spises you.
What is it you did there to aggravate him?
He's usually, you know, I'm the last couple of years.
He's been 1198.
You need only two more.
All you need is two more.
Could you have a relationship with a girl if she had sex with you on the first date?
Yes, what's wrong with that?
898.
75%.
They won it on the first date.
They won it now, baby.
And what's wrong with that?
Had she be a change of pace for my glow up, dial 111.
Know that makes her a slut.
108.
Only 8.5% Josh.
108.
I'm a girl who won't date a guy who wants sex on the first date, 43.
And I'm a girl who likes sex on the first date, 43.
Even Stephen.
Well, there you go.
Once you get the numbers to the last group there.
I'm a girl who likes sex on the numbers.
That was psychic.
I just got to hand it to the person's 2554 and that we just wanted.
Yeah.
Come on, that is.
7% women on this pool.
Not that this means 7% of our audience is women, but that one should be a big improvement.
These are just like one or two percent.
And we got our 1200 votes right there.
See?
I gave it a little goose and did your thing.
But a bean.
But a bean, but a boom.
Oh, I thought this fact was going to be about the number.
No, he had come.
No.
Police chief says butts caught and act.
Marshall Town, Iowa.
Marshall Town woman faces charges of stealing three rolls of toilet paper from the local court house.
And could get prison time.
Whoa.
Prison time for stealing of toilet T.P.
Katie Piper from News Channel 8 caught up with women accused of stealing the toilet paper.
Court House employees said they thought something was up.
They said they seemed to go through a lot of toilet paper at the court house.
That Marshall Town police chief, Lon Walker.
Marshall Town police said one of the employees caught Suzanne Marie Buffs of Marshall Town taking the two fly from the women's bathroom and called police.
Well, I'm a machiaid white for.
But, but.
Both of them?
Yeah, both of them.
Both of them.
The court house parking lot attendant said he knew about toilet paper going missing.
I've heard they called it the toilet paper caper said parking lot attendant Jean Sine.
The toilet paper caper.
I wonder if Robert Wagner is going to be staring in a movie about that.
Every movie he's in is always some kind of a caper.
Remember that awful rose at TV show he was on?
To catch a thief?
Yeah.
The caper.
I like capers.
What's told news channel it was the first time she'd stolen toilet paper that her attorney said not to talk.
He told me not to ask any questions to these with me but said.
And what she's probably thinking if they don't like it let them wife they're asked with it or something like that.
Are these numbers you sent to me here?
Oh boy, it's going to be a waste down before we get to QIN.
Well, let me do that.
Well, what are you laughing about?
That's not like a nervous last of me.
But he's true.
It is?
Oh, this isn't it?
I don't know.
I don't want all these numbers for the whole day.
And oh, I'd like to just see from midday.
I don't want to be selfish but I don't want to waste 800 pages of facts paper for Christ's sake.
Jesus, God.
All right, pull it out.
Put it back in.
God.
What are you ready?
Yeah!
What's up, y'all?
This is your boy, T. Mike.
See how you do do songs with like hooks and concepts.
Right?
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm going to sing a song with my friends.
I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so big, I'm so
diced Mister, he's Treaty Cisse, he's Diced Mister, he's Diced Mister, he's Diced Mister, he's Diced Mister, he's Diced Mister, He's Diced Mister! YEABIYEEBIYE, NO! I AM A 사람들, I AM I AM A 사람들, like I would items like that, my name is
