It's 10 o'clock! We're out of here! NIL Rogers coming up next! See you tomorrow morning!
Your person is now gone with a reputus about the best written permission.
How come I can't hear her at all?
You're just barely.
What do you listen to?
One month.
I was just thinking J.E.P.S. F.U.C.K.
Sports Radio 560 WQ-A.M.
Miami, Cornelotterdale.
What do you think, Chris? J.E.T.S. F.U.C.K.
Yes. Big time.
560 WQ-A.M.
Bruisedx, the NIL Rogers Show.
Dromton NIL, Dial 560-0560 in Day and Rowan.
In other counties, call 243-8777-85 NIL, or count 560 on your AT&T and realize your wireless phone.
The opinions expressed by NIL, his guests or his colleagues, do not represent those of WQ-A.M.
In every year, in every year.
Now the NIL Rogers Show, on 560 WQ-A.M.
Oh my! Oh my!
Hurricane, ding-bong!
Hey!
Stench of cow manure covers over this performance by the Dalton.
You don't have very afraid to kick around with it.
I'm a self-hating, white-wing moralizer.
A NIL con, that's more a holly than you.
And that finally have just one selfish desire.
Provesing toilets to fondle, strange dune.
One, two, three, four, tap your shoe on the floor.
Oh! I want a take-and-little sneaky peaky boy.
Guys, I do take-and-lety.
I'll open my head out for 100 of us, oh.
Just a little sneaky peaky to see if they're smaller.
Weepy, I like sausage and Chinese meatballs.
One, two, three, four, you're my bitch and I the hell.
La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.
I said to the guy, next to me, I thank your pardon.
My looks may not match my very high voice.
But in a dress, I look dressed like he's marty.
Does that impress you enough to get more?
It's 6.7, great. You flew it for 2008.
I'm a little take-and-little sneaky peaky when guys try to take-and-lety.
I only ask you help give it a shake.
Just a little sneaky peaky to see if they're smaller.
Weepy, and by the way, I deny that I'm gay.
We can do it in the toilet.
Oh! We can do it on the sink.
Oh, right. I think that your sexy boy likes.
Turns out he got a hole from Rich at pink.
10-03-5-60 W-Q-A-M.
Here we go. I can't believe it on a Monday.
What am I doing here? I make a mistake.
Oh yeah, you're earning your paycheck.
The good news is, though, Wednesday we got a Marlin game.
Oh, thank God. I hope the season never ends.
It's our last Marlin season here on Q-A-M.
By the way, speaking of that in two minutes,
that bandline is supposed to ring and the Joel Feinberg's supposed to call.
I don't think he's going to call.
Do you? I think he will.
To offer me a job like twice to pay and half the work and stuff like that.
And I also get to do what's his name, Jorge Sardano, every couple of days.
You know what makes me the Marlin picture?
Better make sure you get a current picture.
Why is he older than that?
I don't know.
Marlin game on Wednesday at 12.35.
Well, that's good because the first week back would be a really bad thing
to have to work all five days, four hours.
That would be bad.
Absolutely.
That would be.
Now, Chris, keep your eyes on that bat line because you never know what might just ring.
All right, well, I don't think so.
I don't think he wants a tampering lawsuit.
And you know, these people, what about your hard-asses they are?
Yeah.
Here's Jorge's poll on from Friday.
Wow.
Well, it was a holiday weekend somewhere.
Yeah, well, it was a holiday weekend somewhere.
Yeah, well, it was a junior coming up on a couple days.
There must be some reason for that only 912 votes all the way through the weekend.
Well, this football weekend, you know, how about those Patriots, baby?
Oh, man.
Holy moly, that was just unbelievable.
They just crushed the JETS-SUCK jets.
912 votes on Georgia's full Friday.
What's the worst thing that could be posted about you on the Internet?
It might be embarrassing or humiliating.
You'll find nothing on me.
I hope 421 people said, right, we're digging.
Picks or video of me naked 176.
What I thought that is.
A mugshot or one in poster 87.
Picks or video of me cheating 71.
Picks or video of me doing something stupid 66.
Something posted by an exoran enemy 39.
Picks or video of me drunk or passed out.
33.
Something written or published about me 14.
And Picks or video of me semi-nude 5.
But all seems to come back to pretty much the same thing, doesn't it?
Oh, yeah.
Maybe that's why there was only 912 votes.
Well, we better hope that we have more than that today because this isn't a poll.
This is a survey, which we haven't done.
It much too long.
None of these things really tell us anything.
But, you know, we haven't done one of these in a long, long time.
And as a matter of fact, if you really want to make it scientific,
the real way to do this,
it would be, believe this survey up all week long.
Would that be a real cop-out?
I mean, a real good idea.
648 tallies so far.
They're not votes because it's not a poll.
It's a survey.
Our annual listener demographic survey.
I'll alone think we did one last year.
Maybe Eric can figure out when we did this last.
And I didn't do the same demographics because I want to protect this from our own failure here in QAM.
I mean, we know, let's see, it's 1006 and the bat line has it wrong yet.
1006.
Maybe here I can't afford a good watch.
Joel, you think that's it?
I doubt it.
Maybe he's running a little in the behind.
Or maybe because it's the dual holidays this weekend.
This a week.
648 votes or tallies.
Male 35 plus 501.
That means the overwhelming majority of our audience, male 35 plus.
Well, there's nothing wrong with like 35 plus.
78.5%.
Male 18 to 34.92.
14%.
See, that's supposedly is their big demo across the street.
Is the younger male?
Well, yeah.
Great.
Now, let me ask you this.
Who do you think's got more money to spend?
Male 35 plus or male like 20 years old?
There's no question.
Right.
I mean, you know, not that we don't want males 20 years old, least I do.
I'll tell you one thing.
The fact that the dolphins kept the receivers can drop in trend greens of balls yesterday.
I kept thinking to myself, if I ever got my hands on one, I wouldn't drop it.
All of his little old, but he still looks good.
Didn't play all that good, but he sure still looks pretty good.
Trent Green, for an old guy.
37.
Male 18 to 34.92.
Female 35 plus 40.
I can't believe that.
That is staggering.
Female 18 to 34.
We got four.
Female under 18.
Three teenage girls.
And two teenage guys.
Male under 18.
Only two.
Only five teenagers.
Well, that's supposed to be listening anyway.
If it's supposed to be in school.
They should be listening.
They should be listening.
Right.
Something like that.
That's pretty lame, though, compared to what it used to be.
Well, I guess Joe Feynberg is not going to be calling today.
Okay, probably somebody said that would be contact tampering, and that that would be bad to do right there and brought daylight on the air.
People are wondering what I'm talking about.
Thursday, on this show, right here on the radio, Joe Feynberg, the big, big, cheese-over-cross-the-street at the ticket called in and kissed my ass.
Both cheeks, by the way.
I still got pock marks.
And the promise to call it this morning is 1005 and offer me a job right on the air.
We negotiate the contract and the whole deal.
And as usual, he's not there.
See what I mean?
Liar, liar, pants on fire.
Looks like maybe he'd chickened out.
You think that's what it was?
You think that could be it?
Good thing.
That is right.
Maybe he forgot.
Why? Maybe he forgot.
He didn't forget. Are you kidding me?
But the whole thing was just a put-on.
No one to see. I was the only one that got sucked into it.
I thought he would actually do it.
Didn't you, and he was sending you those text messages?
Hey, I bought all of it.
Yeah, well, guess what? He ain't selling it.
Because he'd have to buy out the last year and four months of my deal.
I'm sure he would have to do that.
And of course these people, they may be stupid.
No, not they may be stupid. They are incredibly stupid.
But they're not that stupid.
Let me give you an example of how stupid they are.
560 WQAM presents the annual Roger Show.
The Tartaneele Voddog 5-Style.
That guy, if they had paid him for that, you know Dan Wellay did.
In fact, Dan Moreno did a live spot on Joe Rose.
I had a spy report from Chris.
Dan Moreno did a live spot this morning.
Everybody does live spots. The janitor does live spots.
It's just amazing how stupid these people are.
But they're not going to kill the goose that laid the big golden fat one.
But we were discussing a little bit ago before the show.
I asked George, I said, how, do you think that the day we sat down the first day after all that technical psychosis
whether they were going to get the studio built and all that out of the crap right down to the wire
the night before we went on the air, almost ten years ago.
It was December 30th 1997.
Now it will be right, wouldn't it?
It's not about right?
December 30th 1997.
Oh, there he is.
Well better late than never, I guess, huh?
Neil.
Yes.
Where's my intro music?
It's 10.09 for Christ's sake.
Performance late.
Come on now.
There you go.
Yeah.
That's what that seat can do for intro music?
We got more intro music.
Come on.
We don't play intro music under the station.
This is a man in the station.
This is a station for real men.
We don't need a bunch of pansy candy ass music.
So what do you got, Joel?
I love the fact that the big dog was teasing me coming on this morning.
Rosie?
Well, that's a good sign because at least that means he's involved with this show
which is the first person in many many years to actually even make any reference to the fact that I'm on the year.
Have you been listening to that garbage?
What is it?
Have you been listening to that garbage?
What do you mean that garbage?
What does that mean?
The change act and big dogs show.
In some other words, that's the reason that you came on our station
is to knock the rest of our fine programming.
That garbage, aren't you the guy that was like crying in his beer
because you lost your rose and because you lost the dolphins?
Which, by the way, congratulations on that.
Yeah, that was a very important thing.
This is on getting the marlins and the panthers.
Boy, you think you lost money before just wait.
Well, I got the hockey because I know how much you like it.
Yeah, oh yeah, well.
So what's going on?
I think I better put you on hold and do a break.
We got spots to do you know?
Oh.
By the way, Dan Reno did a lot of spot on our station this morning.
And how come Jason Taylor hates you like poison?
Nice penalty, by the way.
Jason, all right.
Stupid, stupid.
That was lost as cool there yesterday and then of course they lost the game,
which I'm sure.
Now, are you rooting against the dolphins this year just out of spite?
Not out of spite, but if they lose, it won't bother me.
Well, they did.
They did, I know.
And I saw the ass end of that game.
How about the ass end of the Denver Buffalo game?
There was the V game to watch yesterday.
Wow.
I'm not a sports fan, so I was like,
I'm not a sports fan.
I'm not a sports fan.
Let's give this guy an hour every day.
Okay, hold on a minute.
Funny or not, I don't think.
Hold on.
You're going to hold on?
Yeah, you're going to break.
I'm going to go to a break.
Is that okay?
We follow formats.
I'm not.
Yeah, we follow the format and we're right on time.
Okay, we don't have to be goose to do the break, like some non-professional sports casters and broadcasters.
Like a lot of the guys you got over there, like two gods.
Where are the exploding balls?
First, let me be clear.
I am gay.
I have been gay.
Furthermore, I love sex.
Because of that, I will seek inappropriate conduct at the Minneapolis airport or anywhere else.
Again, I am gay.
And I should have told my family and my friends about it.
I should not have kept my wife because I am gay.
I'm coming out today.
I hope you appreciate my openness to all of you.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome.
1017 at 560 WDQ AM.
Special guest today who's going to be doing his own live spot, I'm sure, is Joel Feinberg.
What's your title now?
The president and CEO and chief cook and bottle washer of the ticket.
I like it better when you say CEO.
CEO.
CEO.
There you go.
And you just, oh, you screwed up my whole plan there, too.
Because I don't have music that you wanted before it introduced you.
That's all right.
No, wait a minute.
But I went to the effort of finding a sounder for it.
There you go.
That works.
So, it's interesting because you asked me if I was listening to what you called that crap
on the big dog in Jack's show.
But obviously you've been...
I got a list.
I got a list in to see if I want to sue a marino now for violating his contract just like Jay Jackson did.
Or I mean, just like Jay from Taylor, then.
Yeah.
I lose you on that one.
No, yeah.
I don't really care about all these things that you've got going on with these guys.
So, who are you going to do a live spot for?
I'm not going to do a live spot.
But why not?
That's part...
Don't you understand?
That's a prerequisite for appearing as a guest on WQAM.
You must bring your own sponsor, BYOS.
This is my first show.
I'm a little off-beat here.
I didn't have a lot of time.
Well, you better...
Well, lo and you one of our crack salespeople.
And you can...
You can go out on a...
And pound the pavement and find yourself a sponsor.
We can make it a regular segment.
How about Todd Greck?
You can have him.
Believe you may.
He lives up to his name.
I'll tell you that.
Greck.
So, anyhow, happy new year, by the way, Joel.
Is it today or tomorrow?
No, it's...
It's...
What Wednesday?
See, not only is he making believe sports guy, which he's already admitted.
He's not a sports fan.
He's making believe Jew on top of it.
So, what's the deal?
You're going to offer me a job today or what?
Well, what do you want to do?
Well, what does that mean?
What do I want to do?
I want you to find me out.
And then I don't have to work for you in four months.
So, you're going to sit out?
Are you going to come over here?
How can I come over there?
If I've got a problem...
Come over there to do what?
What shift do you got in line?
Not George Sedano?
No.
None of my guys are going anywhere.
Oh, I see.
So, what am I going to do, like, two to four in the morning?
I'll have you do a couple recorded spots to drop in there just in the exact thing.
Yeah.
Sashing Julian.
Uh-huh.
Now, you got your lawyer sitting there holding your hand while you're doing this or what?
No, I called him one Thursday and he said everything's fine.
Did he?
So, this is not contract hampering?
No.
Because I haven't had one word from these people.
So, obviously they don't really care that much.
It's kind of like you're attitude about bow camper, which was the right one, by the way.
Clarence isn't back there banging on the glass?
Clarence doesn't even know that this show is on here.
He's too busy trying to figure out what happened to the hurry keens.
He's, you know, an overgrown child.
Where's my buddy Joe Bell?
In fact, Clarence is the best thing you're not going for.
Clarence enjoys and Joe Bell.
Oh, yes.
Let me ask you on this question.
Who would you rather compete against managing Miss Radier's station?
Greg Reed or Joe Bell?
Greg Reed, because he was more funny.
At least there's some shots out of me.
Joe Bell is like my best friend.
In other words, Joe Bell is the best thing you've got going for.
Is that what you're trying to say?
He's quiet.
He used to run in that country station.
And it's kind of boring.
Yeah.
Except for him going after Levitard.
Okay.
Here's some breaking news.
Him going after Dan La Bastard.
Are you serious?
Let's hear about this.
Well, I think there was a launch meeting at the stadium diner or something.
A launch meeting?
No, you just making this up or is this the end of season?
This would be like you and me meeting for lunch at the pickle, girl.
You blew me off.
I can't believe that.
You're blowing up the alarm.
Talk to you.
I was big.
Yeah.
What happened?
I don't deal with intermediaries.
Joe, I make big deals with big people.
I don't do business with pimps.
Who's the pimps?
Me or normal?
Well, you figured out.
I don't know.
Oh, I tried to start with Dan La Bastard.
We really try to get him.
Now, what does that mean?
Is that me we're blowing out the Humper?
The Humper's blowing himself out.
Meaning what?
I guess he doesn't want to take the pay cut.
You're just feeding Vex stuff from very jackass columns.
I thought we'd get more inside stuff from what guy was on the inside.
What do you want to know?
I don't know.
I don't want to know about Dan La Bastard.
Whether this station is really trying to get him on me.
Isn't that a business contract with you, obviously?
Or does he have one of those make-believe contracts like you guys have?
We do the make-believe ones over here.
There's a letter of intent meaning when it tends to screw you whenever your number goes down.
We decide we don't want you anymore.
No.
See, I don't work on those circumstances, man.
I got a great contract.
Well, I'm a tariff not going anywhere.
That doesn't answer my question though.
What is his contract then?
When is his contract?
It was September 1st.
He's operating without a contract right now.
He's operating without a contract right now, which means we could go out there and grab right now
if the stadium's done or Dan La Bastard.
Now, do we also get stooped out to that package or what?
Uh, what's he going to do?
Now, you got to admit to me, he belongs on the year like you and I ought to be performing open-heart surgery
amongst Sinai this afternoon.
I mean, you just know he doesn't belong on the years of God's.
Come on.
He got to the bat.
I thought we'd get a little bit of honesty out of you today, Joe.
Just a little bit.
I'm not a sports fan, but he definitely does do a good sports show.
Yeah, when is that going to start?
He can't even sell out those damn certificates that he's got like for from the last two weeks.
He still got on soul stuff.
I'm glad you brought that up.
That was a nice move of you snatching that idea from us.
Yeah, we don't mind stealing stuff.
I mean, there are people in the market that have been stealing my crap for 30 years.
Why can't we do the same thing?
You know, way back here's a bitch.
And we're doing a hell of a good job.
We saw them out like in 15 minutes.
Who gets paid to sit around and just listen until what we do so you guys can put your name on it.
It's a labor of love all the people in the building here.
Yeah, all the sports and there's probably clearances on top of it.
See, the one thing, remember the fan?
Fire, what was that?
1400.
1400, 1800. No, not 1400.
What was the one that was like 1900 when they had more testes, distraught and on gym, virions, all those losers?
The only people who were listening to that station were people inside our building.
And then when I and Z went to that RFX that make believe the sports number,
the only people who were listening to it were people inside our building.
And by the way, Stu Gotts was failed on that station too.
Your top sign is to me. The first AM station I knew was 790 when I started it.
Wouldn't even you started it.
I worked there before you were born.
I don't want to start it.
I started it before that.
Three years ago.
Yeah.
I don't know any radio before that.
So you don't know sports, you don't know radio.
What do you know besides Danny's got a lot of money?
Both come on.
These people don't know it either, but they pretend.
It's all business.
Yeah, it's all business. That's right.
It's not personal. It's all business.
It's just like when Dan LaBaster comes over here.
So when I see operating without a contract,
he just like, huh?
He's a good guy, I guess.
Well, that's not the answer to the question.
I mean, aren't you leaving yourselves in jeopardy if I can say that?
Aren't you like leaving yourselves wide open to somebody come along and just grab in his ass
as if he belongs on the air, which he doesn't?
All right.
You do, now look, you do understand.
Let's get a little honesty in this conversation.
You do understand that you're winning by default.
The Joe Bell is just handing it to you on a plate.
How's that?
How's that?
What do you mean he's handling it to me?
You guys are spending money on talent left and right,
bringing in younger, newer guys.
No one's handling anything.
You guys are fighting pretty hard.
Handing it to you on a platter.
When's the last time you saw a billboard, a TV spot?
When's the last time you heard of any promotion from this radio station?
Uh, speaking of promotion, Miguel is doing a great job over here.
Yeah, exactly over there.
He's a great guy.
He is a great guy.
We wish him all the best.
That was a good hire by the way.
Good person with a marker.
He's a great guy.
So you'd throw Joe's handing it to me?
He's handing it right.
It's a forfeit.
In baseball, a forfeit since you're not a sports fan.
In baseball, a forfeit is 9 to nothing.
And football, it's too nothing.
And this is a forfeit.
I won't argue that he's handing it to us, but...
Well, there you go.
See, I finally brought you around.
I know it's the power of persuasion.
I brought you around to be willing to make it.
He's handing it to you.
He's saying, hey, Joel, here you go.
You guys were losing your ass on the dolphins.
We'll take them off your hands.
Okay?
We'll try to sell that crap,
which by the way, if they win seven or eight games this year,
it'll be a miracle they suck.
It's not by choice, though.
I think he's just doing it because...
He's anette.
He's anette.
He doesn't have any other choice.
We're better.
He doesn't have any other choice.
Maybe that's because he works for the beeslead.
Do you ever stop and think about that?
A bunch of band-ass drumming, you hillbillies?
I haven't gotten into all that politics.
Yeah.
So you don't know radio.
You don't know sports.
You just know that you guys are kicking our asses.
That's what you're trying to say.
So when do I start over there since you don't want to put me on in midday?
Did I...
Did I...
Did I hear that?
Let me say it again.
What time am I going to be on on the ticket?
I don't have a slot for you, buddy.
You would give your left nut and half of the right one to get me on your over there.
And it's quite all this crap.
Oh, wow.
It's the old Jews over there on QA.
It's all the old audience.
Right.
I'm a sports station.
You don't do a sports show.
Oh, that's right.
I'd have to change my tagline from the number one sports station to the number one station.
To the number one station.
To the number one station.
So the number one station.
Why would you want to do that?
Yeah, why would anybody want to be number one to succeed?
Why would you want to own the town?
Plus, you'd probably put a bunch of billboards up into a lot of promotion to it.
I'm not used to that.
I'd probably collapse under the pressure.
Yeah, what's up with that?
What's up with what?
Why don't they spend any money on you over there?
Because they've lost their ass on the marlins, which thank you very much for taking that off our hands.
Well, now they're going to lose their ass on their dolphins, too.
Well, you can lose your ass on the marlins and the Panthers, by the way.
That was a hell of a deal.
Now, you got yelled at you over there.
But I want you to repeat what you said on Thursday though.
I want to make it very clear because all these rumors that Moe Evan Ellys behind getting started about him going over there.
Moe, it's not common.
I thought we want words for words.
Yeah.
I said, Moe couldn't pay me to be on the station.
There you go.
What do you do?
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
I'm going to tell you, Moe, you're going to have a lot of money.
What he says to us does not belong under here.
And Daniel LeBansch is working without a contract.
Correct.
That was about it.
Look at that.
We got 717 listeners.
Each your heart out, Joel.
Okay.
I'll tell you what.
Every break, what I'm going to do is I'm going to sit here and just wait for the day.
Because I don't know how, I mean, you, now you heard the other way.
Yeah, that was the right contest giveaway thing that they wanted to play in the middle of the stop set.
Let me say it again.
The end of it is an out-cure.
Yeah, the end of it, the end of it immediately triggers in my mind.
And hit the button, start the crap, get back to the show, yada yada yada.
We, we have a serious problem on this radio station.
It's too bad Joel has already gone, although I'm sure he's listening because he's obviously a big listener.
And an idiot.
But no, he loaded on the pole.
Yeah, it wouldn't surprise me.
But, but listen.
We've got a crisis here in this radio station and there's nobody to talk to because nobody cares.
We've got a program director who's like, I don't know if he's on acid.
We did what the story is with him, but you were telling me before the show that the rejoins are like all screwed up and all wrong.
We've got 18 rejoins in every break now that nobody has any idea what the cues are.
And here was George on there one day last week talking about running a smooth show and a tight show and all this other stuff.
How the hell do you do that when you've got a little boy program director who's, to me, it sounds like he's just given up.
Am I right?
Who's given up?
Clarence.
There would have had to have been an attempt in the first place before you can give it up.
No, you know what I'm saying.
It sounds like he's just a big show or cares or care to know you're wrong.
You don't know.
He doesn't care and you're a big pain in the ass for giving a crap about something that nobody else cares about.
I see.
I forgot to do with the game and who won and how they're going to do it.
Don't let George get all bent on a shape.
Are we screenless?
Are we screening?
Screen, we're not screening anymore.
Thank you.
As of today, you're not screening on this show when George is on, which that won't be for a while yet.
That's the most I've ever seen.
Wow.
But you know what I'm saying.
I mean, there's just nobody you could talk to about these things as we have no radio people in this building.
And obviously Joel isn't one of them because he said he knows nothing about radio.
He knows nothing about sports.
It's just his daddy's got a lot of money and he's playing Mr. Harkshot.
Could he start anymore boring too?
He is, he is.
Joel, I hope you're still listening.
You know, you are the dippiest person I have ever encountered in my life.
I won't say met because I never mentioned person.
Maybe in person he's got some kind of a wonderful personality, I don't know.
But on the phone, he is the dippiest, dipp Schmidt is the word I'm looking for.
And then he's ripping Joel Rose in the meantime.
He was having a nervous breakdown about losing Joel Rose.
And it's the same with everything else.
There's no credibility there.
That's the problem.
Let me say it again.
I finally did, you know, a couple of times during the conversation, turned him around a little bit,
got him to admit that we are handing it to him on a platter.
It's not like he's got some great product over the year.
Nothing.
He's got a reject from New York.
They got kicked out of there and it's been desperate to try to go back until I'm a Scott can.
He's got the Booster who is busy doing 85 different ball games and is never on the year.
He's got Stugots who doesn't belong on here.
And George Sedano, who is a kid, who's a big fan of this show.
But how did you like that for tapping around the edges of it?
Okay, so he didn't say on Thursday he was going to come on the year and negotiate a deal with me on the year?
Something like that, yeah.
I'm sure that's what the attorney said.
Oh, don't get into that on the radio, my God.
There's the evidence right there.
It's contract tapering.
Joel, you give your left arm.
Forget about the nuts.
Your left arm and your left leg to give me on that station.
735 tallies on here.
That means we got over 700 people listening to this show.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
This is, I don't know what to laugh or cry.
And I'm, what did I say to you before the show today?
I said we are starting or I said to Duff when she came in here.
We are starting from scratch.
We're scratch and we're starting over again.
Now how you do that without any promotion, without any management that's involved, I have no idea.
And when with Norma Kent.
740 votes.
Maybe Norma did die, you think that's true?
He tried a couple of times their last week and the week before that.
740 tallies, male 35.
Do I even bother reading these?
Although look at that, female under 18, four, and male under 18, only two.
Isn't that interesting?
Mm-hmm.
Male 35 plus 575 and male 18 to 34, 107.
There's a good balance for you right there, okay?
We'll take a jewel, we'll take whatever we got left.
Female 35 plus 46 and female 18 to 34 six.
For those keeping track.
I should give the numbers out because I'm sure we got people tracking that.
WDQYM, hello.
Why not me?
WDQYM, hello.
Up there, okay.
So that's two for two.
Like I said, don't screen those calls, ever.
Sounds good.
That was another Joe Bell, you know, another brain stormer, Joe Bell.
Who thinks he knows something besides no pick and cut to music?
So Dan Marino did his own live spot and Joe can't even get a sponsor out here like that.
He's had since Thursday to go out there and get a sponsor and he ain't got one.
Says Heraldi with large host Heraldi were heard of the crowd chanting 9-11 was an inside job at the beginning of the show.
Get a life.
I have no life.
The protesters continue chanting his reverberate reports on the high temperature in New York City 87 degrees causing the death of one dog left in a hot car.
As Dr. Jennifer Ashton explains, the heat from inside a car will cause a dog unable to sweat and go into organ failure.
Like that cop with the German Shepherd, that cop ought to be electrocuted.
That is a stick his ass in a hot car for a few weeks.
As the chance continuing the background reverberate action look over the results of a baking experiment, the inside of the car used in the experiment as it turns out was not enough to bake their bantakookies to completion.
The proteins in our body literally become the nature that explains Dr. Ashton of the effects of a hot car interior, they separate and that's how people die.
As the protest continues off screen judge Jeanine Piro disagrees with a free pass given the mother of one child left in a hot car citing cases in which the legal consequences were far worse for less harm caught to the children.
As the sign reading stopped the neocon madman is lifted over her although shoulder reports on a 42 year old Guatemalan immigrant with a criminal history who was found dead.
Judge Piro and advocate Fernando Mateo express ultimate dissatisfaction the charges brought against the police officer charged in the man's death.
We've been surrounded by an activist radical, I don't know communist group, I don't know who the hell they are since reverber after returning from commercial, vocal protests continue unabated in the background.
To screams and chance reverber and correspond at Laurie Dew discussed the minutiae of Republican Senator Laurie Craig's arrest also given their input on our psychologist Dr. Victoria Zidok and three detectives who worked on sex things.
As this group of misfits behind me continue their chanting reverber equips he waves his fist at the camera to express his annoyance.
Mark Garagos continues contends with the man with a loudspeaker was later arrested identified as 33 year old Alex Jones prominent figure in the 911 truth movement of a prison planet.
Jones was later charged with operating a bullhorn without a permit. Really no. Yeah, that's what Joel ought to be charged with spreading bulls move without a permit.
All hell is breaking loose on 6th Avenue says Rado is videos taken of police approaching the crowd to make arrests.
You need a permit to protest to demonstrate here in New York, but this anarchist group came forward.
They really are one of the least attractive groups and demonstrators I've ever seen.
That's what we're all looking for is attractive demonstrators.
After a few more choice words in the desire to avoid using foul language reverber returns to a scripted story.
The story of Southwest Airlines passenger Carla Ebert told the change around for it by attendance.
In a gesture of solidarity female correspondence, Piero Zidok and Ashton appear on stage with Ebert in outfits identical to one of the ones getting booted off the plane.
Did you realize that you were going to get caught in such a controversy as Caroldo never responds the formal hooters were a twist with banners waving behind her and chance continuing in the background.
And it goes on. It's her well, though. Yeah, what do you expect? It's a miracle.
734 now. We'll get a thousand on this, which is not all that exciting.
When you think we ought to have like 15, 20,000 votes on here if we had any audience left. Nice going, jolly joe.
You're doing it, baby. What do you say? jolly joe or Greg Reed?
What do I say about what?
I was interesting when he was trying to that question, though, because he said Greg Reed, at least, you know, was fun to compete against.
Okay, coast clear now. Yes, clear. Wait till you hear jolly joe bells email Roger.
Roger.
No, but it's a good care. No, as they can keep you scared. You're falling out both today.
You gave your right to where the agent was in. His hook is crazy. The agent was in.
It's stupid and easy. You just hold you for all. All right.
And three to go. That's the agent's.
The jury. And you know,
1047 at five, 62, let's take a few for that.
That's good. You got the power hour with mad dog in the Humper fortify at Hank over five to six thirty.
The thumper. Marlins on decades, six thirty and the Marlins continue just embarrassing and humiliating and degrading themselves.
Marlins in the Washington Crafitals that there wasn't Washington in the Nance. I'm sorry. 705 and came back with an decay after the baseball game.
But it gets you to court straight. Yeah, it's not a sports fan. You know, I'm like Joel Feinberg, not.
Here's what Joe Bell says. Here's his response. He says, I don't care what we do on the radio as long as it's funny.
Really? I've got it in writing. I don't care what we do on the radio as long as it's funny.
There's nothing funny about Feinberg. Maybe we can get his daddy to call in for. Wow. That's what Joe Bell. That's his response.
Pretty weak Joe to be honest with you. But when you say you don't care what we do on the radio as long as it's funny.
That's without Joe's approval life. I'm assuming. I don't know. And let me say this, Joe.
And that, you know, Joe Rose promoted. Thanks a lot, Joe. At least Joe acknowledges our existence on the radio more than most of the sports nerds on this station for ten years.
It's like we're stuck on an alcatraz in an island somewhere, you know, all by our loans. But Joe promoted it.
Didn't get much of a response for our crowd. I'll say to that, Joe, with that lean mass performance 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless lines WQ AM. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Okay. Yes. Good morning. Good morning.
I'm going to be living with a friend who's turned 50 years old and we're going to land in Berlin. We're going to go to Prague and food arrest.
Food arrest. Are you in the food arrest or are you in the food arrest? No.
But you've been to Berlin and I've been to Pena in New York, though. Yeah, Berlin is great. Have a good time boring 5 6 7
not as boring as Joel, but who the hell could be 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'll tell you this phone situation. I'm going to be back on five days a week competing with this.
I may just have to go back to the bedtime stories. Yeah, you can't you want you can't complain about our calls because we don't have any right.
But we do have 780 listeners out there guaranteed and almost 15% of Marmin 18 to 34. Oh, thank God that number is going up a little bit.
That would be QA and hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, that guy from 7 90's coming chronic. Yeah, well, he's obsessed with us obviously.
Well, how is it one person who works at a completely rival radio station? He doesn't have work. He's like the the big shot. He's the the other thing. Yeah.
So his job is what over there owns. He's one of the owners him in his daddy earned the right. That makes a lot of sense. Yeah.
As he ever heard his is a afternoon drive show with that two gots and and let it. I don't know because he spends all his time listening to us evidently.
Wow. So so he gives you spy reports on their station. Correct. Nice guy. Hey, I appreciate the issue. You should thank him for all the notoriety.
Not with that kind of not with that kind of terminal sound. No, he's he's boring. Let's face it like I told you he was boring when he called me here and tried to have a lunch.
Did this crap about all well? I don't have a slot for any. All right. You got a slot. Don't all right. Who the hell are you kidding big build up and any called in four minutes lady was probably sitting there waiting to you know, fluttering a stomach. Should I do it? Should I not do like that? Yeah.
And this business about us meeting with Daniel a bastard. Were you in on that meeting over across the street of the stadium dying? Was I in on it? Yeah. Yeah. I'm sure that you're I should let you win on the.
Do these sports the ocean's because they really are fond of you. I'm lucky they let me inside the bathroom.
W.D. Q.Y. M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. You know, I can find out about it because it should have been there before 10. They were scared and you because somebody left it on the open. I left it.
Yeah. W.D. Q.Y. M. Hello. I have a kind of morphed and then a republic. W.D. Q.Y. M. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. My name said that the troops search is working. You bet true. W.D. Q.Y. M. Hello.
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Hey today's the day that our government is going to make their assessment of the search. You like to predict what he's going to say.
But it would be but about that it would be but about. Seven of the four tallies on there. I beg your pardon. Let's be psychic. Yeah. That's exactly what they're saying. Please going to say just what Joel fineberg said.
But it would be better but it's going to be just about as funny and amusing and pathetic. Pathetic Joel really said.
Try to give me a song of dance that Stu got belongs on here. He knows better than that. Okay. I mean between the two stations present and past.
There have been more people on a year passed off his broadcast. They ought to be in jail from personating a broadcaster.
But that's just the goes with the market. It goes with the territory. Bush League. W.D. Q.Y. M. Hello.
Hey Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Hey listen. That guy Joel fineberg is that guy on anti depressants or something? I mean.
I mean it was just so well. I don't know. That was it was kind of strange. You know I was expected like you. You know I listen Friday. I was expecting something.
And that was it. Nothing. Nothing. I thought he'd at least make it offer would have been the smartest thing he didn't.
Yeah. I accept he would have gotten sued for contract. I mean his lawyer probably told him I know you're stupid Joel.
But don't be that stupid. Now right on the area. Okay. So so let me see if I'm getting this right. You know you see his name in the paper for making a fine remarks.
I'll have a feeling he just called you to get on the air. He likes to hear them. So yeah. Well, he probably won't let him on on that station.
So five six seven oh five six. You know what Joe Bell said he likes anything if it's funny on our air. Is nobody said?
Pretty said WQ a.m. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Any truth to the rumor that the CBT WQ a.m. Hello.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
yeah, couple of two and a half century there there and stopped there and stopped thisик
been all screwed up and we had a whole summertime for them to get the engineer up here the local engineer to fix that
Oh, I think the switch may be going oh, you know fix it there and and they never bothered to do it so that the thing keeps like dumping itself
And I'm sure they must have this disconnected
Otherwise, huh? I don't know because I came in yesterday afternoon and it was like the red button was on
I I hit it to knock it off again, which means the delay was trying to like dump dump dump dump dump dump dump
And that would have dumped the whole broadcast which I couldn't hear it because as you noticed this morning when you came in
Once again, there was no audio feed up here all weekend long
That I guess they didn't want me to hear Jimmy Ciphalus and his brilliant broadcast of the dolphin game
Because then I'm gonna have some crust to comment to make about that and we certainly don't want to do that
We don't want to ruffle the organization's feathers
WDQ-YM hello
Plus WDQ-YM hello
WDQ-YM hello
Was it having your weekly meeting with Chilol Fineberg?
Oh, we're gonna make it into a weekly feature that might not be a bad idea. We can I'm sure the sales department can sell it
Yeah, I'm on both stations never can both do a live spot
Oh, man very interesting and I talked the last week about Joe having way too many ads on the air
I mean, they're still doing it. They're just killing that
Well, what do you mean they're still doing it?
You think it's gonna change because you called in and eight million other people are complaining and then blowing their brains out because of it
Want to hear something funny? I called in last week and they told me they're only doing it for the first week
Because of all the promotion for the program and I said really so next week it won't be so bad
They said no absolutely will be cut them down next week
Absolutely
Yeah, well, at least they got a sense of humor anyway good luck to you sir
We just want the money just give us the money and all the rest of it is just just for show
This is the neo-launcher show
Oh
Any questions
Say they're back your favorite Jewish rock and roll nostalgia band
It's Russia shenanah with their greatest hits album sock hop at the synagogue
Yes Russia shenanah is reformed to bring you 12 kosher cuts of hoppin
Hebrew hygiene
This album should be in every orthodox rockers collection rolling stone gets it five stars of David
sock hop at the synagogue new from Russia shenanah available in all record stores. We'll talk right when you get here
So what was it that Joel said he wouldn't touch more with Hank Sting or something like that is 805 people
We got listening out there on our survey. That's what our survey says
11-11 at 560 WTQ-1 in we're back every day five days a week stirring the I'm back and George is sitting there like a twelon
Right
How much step on you know you might some have some hot wax to spin you know, right?
Let me know
Let's get some more of these award-winning phone calls go on come on. I'm gonna be this this is up to these people okay
You know, I mean by that? No, what what I mean by that isn't there isn't a damn call on the board. I mean by that
It's pathetic especially after Joel thought that he was gonna electrify the South Florida audience
I was expecting something you know
I was prepared to go through a hole, but he just don't have it, you know
He just doesn't have it in fact in this case
I really got to agree with Joe a little bit. Although Joe you know
It's interesting the managers in both places if they'd spend as much time
Taking care of their own business and thicken up thicken up their own house as they are worried about what's across the street
Maybe we'll have something going you hear why I said thicken fixing it up
5 6 7 0 5 60 and
60 on it's like the former commissioner baseball Ford Frick and
Palm 5 60 and they've arisen in singular wireless line
You see where my mind is going and by the way, I did like when Joel said that
Kelti was the squeakmaster. I like that. That was a good line. I wonder who wrote that for him probably daddy
WDQ AM hello
WDQ AM hello
Welcome back, Neil. It's good to have you back on the air. Is it well, we'll take a survey on that and if the audience don't like it
I'll put George back on that is all what did I ever do to you? Oh god called WDQ AM hello
Yes, being in radio for 12 years. We know that this is now okay right WDQ AM hello
Do you think this draft is coming
Do I feel a draft? Yeah, I'll close the window
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon and singular wireless line these are the kinds of calls we're looking for
Just that they're on enough of that's the only problem, you know what I mean?
No, we'll talk to the O'Rons for hours a day. That's the former at Joel City elected a lot
That's why he's listening right now. In fact, he's probably sitting there with a daddy
I don't know how old daddy is think daddy's an old coupe who's like out in the Caribbean somewhere in some island
It's where I'd be we're getting on the Caribbean
Are you kidding me? Well somewhere be yeah you you would be
How do you know that? I don't know five so maybe you'd be in Montana. That's right
So long for those days baby. Oh yeah
Very days in radio when he worked for a mom and pop operation where they really knew something about broadcasting
That's right see Joel one thing I will say for me. He's honest. He admitted he knows nothing about radio nothing about sports
His daddy's got a lot of money now. He's playing a hot shot with that. He's money. Another wrong with that. I think most of us are jealous of that
WDQ. Where you're in hello?
Neil did you watch any of that
Patriot game?
What do you mean did I watch any of it? Of course I watched the whole game. What do you mean did I watch any of it?
Did you see when that guy's with cocky Thomas just dropping the ball?
What?
You the guy cocky Thomas
cocky Thomas
No cocky. Yeah, bo cocky your ass
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the Verizon single wireless line
He must be confused with the dolphin game where they kept dropping Trent greens balls
Over and over again. Oh, he made a bad mistake. He hit him right in the hands. This is bad move baby
Even Larry Craig never dropped that many balls
817 people on our survey George aren't you impressed?
Nope. I'm pretty depressed. I would think that there ought to be a zero after that number if we had anything going at all
But we don't thanks jolly joe you're worried about Joel fiber. And his daddy you ought to be worried about us
You ought to be worried about your little junior program director there who can't can't find two nickels to rub together because there it is
uh, uh, somewhere yeah
Jesus god almighty how that child he i'm telling he's got to have naked pictures. There's no question. He has to have
WQ a m hello
Yeah, I
WQ a m hello was just a blue on the cotton them WQ a m hello
Yes, I want to talk about the bureau brothers are they killing the
WQ a m hello
Yeah, my sister was killed in 9 11 she was on the 100 second floor. I would do
and
I'm just just thought from one of the vent I think this Bush administration should be killed and
No, don't say that but um, I don't know what I wanted to say. Well, I know there's a lady going after the airplane and
I give her all the power they were they were let off the hook. They didn't have the security. They knew it. They had the forms
They had information. They did nothing about it six years and I'm still pissed. I drive around thinking oh he dead
Okay, well, here's one here's one crystal solution for you. Okay, go back to New York
Wow
WQ a m hello
You know, once your next personal pairs crank up some David
WQ a m hello
A deal yes, sir. What's wrong with these calls buddy nothing. I think they're good
Yeah
Well, that's the purpose of the show sir. We talked to morons every day for four hours now you're not gonna screw it up for sorry
I hear you brother. I've been in 1986 by the way. Mm-hmm. You impressed? Sure
Yeah, I thought you would and uh, I'm a prince with quarter slot guy, but I don't have nothing to do with him. You friends with who?
The quarter slot guy I'm friends with him, but I don't have nothing to do with him really. He's just kind of crazy
I'm loose you little friends guy, but uh
One day you gonna hear about that with you. Oh god that guy and doing a voice now
I tell you one thing about you man and when when they become obsessed with you
It's not just like a magnificent a carry really it is they're really obsessed if I would be like
High number of the covers all the time. I do hide wow
A wild obsession with you and your
Yeah, whatever. Oh, yeah, every Q a m. Hello
Hey, Neil, tell Ken Jenny when he drops the soap in the shower do not take it up
WDQ Q a m hello
Neil God. Yes, sir. Neil
Long time listener. I haven't spoken to you in a while. Neil any anything on the horizon for you to get over do a satellite
And you need that so badly. What are you talking about? I would love to hear you this crap
Uh, I'd like to go to call Thursday hold out for FM hold out for you hold this
What do you people talking about?
You need to hear me. Howards grabbing up all the money they got no money man
Oh, go to go to XM. Yeah, well go find a life. Okay. I have no life go to XM
Well, like a go to publics, you know go to the windixi go to 7 11 go to drive through go go. Yeah
All friend of mine had a real good piece of advice. I think I probably should have told that guy go to hell. Yeah
821 to people on there and are 18 to 34 is up to 14% aren't you impressed Joel? I bet you I knew you would be
Obsessed yeah, and you know the interesting part of it is that these two radio stations you put them together and they're not even radio-ish
That that's the part that's that's the tip off on the whole market
You know what I mean? Mm-hmm. They're not even radio-ish
Stoogatz who also has a rich dad. He's general manager who belongs on the year like I like I said like I should be doing open heart surgery
And a bunch of overgrown children and we can look what we got well
Have you seen currents as he actually there as he running around with his clothes off or something well? What's the story with him?
I think he's just he's just got nuts
What are you talking about I'm thinking maybe because we're cursed down here down there
With those hurry canes getting walled by Oklahoma 51 to 13. I do believe that was the right score wasn't it Chris?
I just dreamed that and with the dolphins losing to a very mediocre Washington Redskin team in overtime
I like the way the headliner and on our on our qm.com it says dolphins blew the game
They like like they had at what point did they have a lead in that game?
Am I right? I have to have to
Well, that's right. They didn't have that to your right. That's right
But would you say they blew the game like they had control of that game like they were winning that game like anybody thought they were gonna win that game no
Although Trek Green still looks pretty good
WQ I am hello
WQ I am hello
Hey uncle Neil how you doing okay sir
Hey, I need some advice. Yeah, you might think this is a joke for serious with uh, I found a wallet. Okay
No, no money in it. I contemplated taking us to the local BSO station. What's in it?
I like
drivers license and you know a couple other miscellaneous. Yes, obviously it's got a name and address and somebody who would lose their license for one
So you have to call me to ask what you should do instead of just
No, I know I can mail it to the guy or bring it to over that. So what do you also look the question? What's the question sir?
Do you think the BSO would actually do anything for somebody?
Why do you need the BSO to mail a wallet back to somebody's block? Come on make up a better story next time. Where do you place?
Oh
The sad part of it is it's probably true, you know the BSO
Call Ken Jenny see what he can do for you. I think you had it make up a better story
Yeah, 836 people on that thing if we don't get to at least a thousand today
Chuck Hegel is not gonna run for a third term by the way
That's it's really kind of a shame because he's one of these same Republicans, you know
He's one of the few modern Republicans. It's been ripping Bush and asked for a long time
opportunity and the trust
But a beast but a good thing. I'm not sure anybody cared is it really make a difference all about your crooks man
Or else the island hop it it up and you wonder why people aren't involved in politics while people are activists because it's all about it
It's like the Ken Jenny store. It's the same crap
There's Larry Craig. He says oh, I wasn't I want to take back the guilty play. Okay, and I don't want to resign and I don't I don't want
I don't want
I don't want
Goodbye Ken. I'm bow. Let's pack our things and go
Sure we gotta clean up here and make room for the next bad morning show. Well, that's the situation sure
I know
The planning stations we can go
Spots sports sports to induce a coma
Why do we think we've gushed enough over all the managed polymers to choose
We take pride in broadcasting do do
It's the management
That it's only
Two dozen half-beliefs
Tained and when that fails, which you got there's a situation that isn't out of school
The backward hill fillings don't care
What lesson is here
All you need to be successful in gravy is two or three sportful sicko fan
1117 and far 16
Five you fired two a.m
I love that
853 people on our tally there maybe that's pretty impressive not that's weak is what it is
But you know we do what you can with what you got remember what we're new used to say well we used to say about the
Something about what you all hold you all got
Till you start drooling snot or something like that five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty and they've horizon singular wireless line calls very slim and grim today boy
And I really really a slap in the face. You know what else is a slap in the face on my space which rhymes with slap in the face is
Most of the people of abandoned yours truly. We're which it all ties in together. You know, they're all gone
Hmm out of sight out of mind. I could always blame it on you and say it's because I know
Because what's gone most of the summertime? Well, that's not really blaming it on you
I'm just saying can play it off on your end sure why not?
Well, no, it's just out of sight out of mind
I was not most of the summertime and I'm trying to find some even Brandon abandoned me on my space that that when that happens
That's you know, that's the ultimate
You're probably going to say
Although Tony the uh the UPS guy up in Connecticut who's obviously off from work today and is gonna bug the crap
Hey, Tony. I know that the all the four letter words go on the internet feed
We know that we know how works Tony. It's not our first day. Just relax. That's both on down. What?
That's supposed to not supposed to what
Go out over the internet because we don't sure because they're libelous sometimes
Yeah, and it all goes out over the internet. I hate to produce it
I know let me say it again. It all goes over the
I know again. I know and it's not supposed to oh
Well, tell that thing tonight. I did I didn't they don't care
What's it got to do with who's gonna use the running backs as tight ends?
Dominic Q. I. M. Hello
Hello Neil. Yes
I spray painted my erection green
Dominic Q. I. M. Hello. Yeah, Neil. How you doing? Okay. You seem already concerned about blowery Craig
I would think you'd be more concerned about President Bush the butcher of a of Iraq
What do you talk about? You mean talking about like you know
I'm not talking about either one of them today sir. I'm not talking about either one of them
And what would you like me to do about the butcher of Iraq who has screamed more about it for the last four years
Then I mentioned it, but you should continue. I have mentioned it right. I've mentioned it
sir castle hoist, okay?
5 6 7 0 5 6 8 pound 5 60 and they've arrived in singular wireless line
And of course one has got a lot to do with the other doesn't it? No, absolutely sure
They both make you tap your feet
WQ a. M. Hello
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. How are you sir? Okay. I watched the other day of documentary you were talking about called Zaggei
Right, it was excellent. Yes, it is
I wonder how is you wondering one of our people that will finally wake up and they're not
They're not
They are not going to wake up sir
Are you listening are you listening to the callers? Yes
Now do you think that these people are going to wake up and cause some kind of a revolution?
These are the people sir. This is America Zine America sir. They're not going to wake up
I love when people say one of the people going to wake up very simple answer. They're not
Not complicated not worth debating. They are not
Oh
5 6 7 0 5 6 to take a look at these phones baby. They are dead as a door nail man week
I just you think I'm going to try this line Q.A.M
See yeah medications right
I don't know surprise
856 and a pullers no sense of reading those numbers though because in that number guy will call
Oh gee, you're mailing it in Neil just a bunch of numbers. It's all we got is the pole number and the phone number and they're right
So we got no calls though
I'm going to go back to my pile
My piles
The time may be nearing for the Florida marlins to say whether they'll accept the orange bull site is their future home
oh my god
That's because the elusive chunk of money that stole the team's hopes for a new state of the art ballpark
And Miami may finally be within reach and for that team brass can thank the University of Miami
The Hurricanes when you emissated will band the New Orange Bull at the end of the season for nice to digs at North AIDS
Stadium it freed up 85 million dollars at the city Miami plan to use to renovate the decaying little of and a landmark
The marlins has been their strategy for the past year refused comment
Miami City manager P. Hernandez said the team owner Jeffrey Laurie indicated he was open minded about the orange bull site
right everybody wants to go there not
The County Commissioner Bruno Bararo said Laurie had told them the property was acceptable
Most of the money 50 million came from the county bond money the rest 35 million in tourist bed tax dollars
Belong to the city of Miami
Build the ultimate decision of how to spend the 85 million will be decided by the county commissioners and the city
influential administrators and elected officials in both a government said recently they got no problem targeting it
Tell financially struggling franchise build a ballpark there you go
Let's build a ballpark for the marlins and then they won't be uh, yeah
Then they won't be so pathetic in 20 some games under 500 and losing every day
And then Joel won't lose his ass on the marlins like we've been here for years and years on QM since the inception
Losing our ass we love the marlins let it go across the street
But we like them all out Wednesday though because we got a 1235 free game in a 105 Marlin game against the Washington Nats
That should be a big tune in we should get a gigantic audience for that
WDQ a m hello
WDQ a m hello
Hi Neil, how are you okay sir? You'll find what we're saying is the truth
I heard from some other sources on the internet that said that more was gonna go to
To the ticket and there a bunch of our business worries over there. Don't you don't want to go there anyway
He heard through sources over the internet. Well, I definitely believe that yeah, that mow is gonna go over there
Like he said mow couldn't pay him enough to go on here. I mean this must be one of most modular on friends no doubt calling him
I don't think there are a bunch of far-bitching a goiom name of fine burger okay, sir, but nevertheless congratulations
You know a couple of you this war. It's very good and happy jr
Wow
860 tallies on that pool annual listener demographic survey which of these are you
male 35 plus
66 take a puket that baby that tells it all 666
77 and a half percent male 18 to 3422 14 percent
Old old like that last guy old ancient
female 35 plus 57 female 18 to 34 only nine solemantin, Nueve female under 18 for and male under 18 still only two only a small pair
out of age 60 a lot of be something more than Chris when we find out we got at least a thousand people listening oh yeah
Oh false alarm
That keeps you a little bit nervous there not at all. Oh got me nervous
I just wait until it says the kioyamati under whatever it says oh
Well, don't let that fool you
true
1125 a qm
Ain't Mac welcome to the deep foe show i'll be like
Hanlanda ponies and other sports related tips and activities until my ink with bracelet goes off
Ah seems my
Yeah, I think with bracelet is going off but let's not get into that now
qm
4 days for
oh
Oh
You got parallel that 4 hours until Satan comes on
Oh
Your mother
Give me a call here
I'll tell you how loudly she was in the sack
3 days
4 days for holes and
Dad
I don't like doing morning shows without my pillow
It's so cold in here. I'll try to read your stats and tips off the green sheet but first I need my cheddar cheese
Where's my cheddar cheese?
And then I like beer
4 days you and 4 days for holes
Now see here holes in the building now and you're all fired
And now
Shides my white shoes a little punk
Yes
You should tell me to get the dog to off your mutton head
You'll better watch your back
I'm gonna be here forever
5.8.8
Mornings for holes
Hey, where did mo go?
They raised no mo
Not no mo
They raised no mo
They raised no mo
I'm the spoiler
30 and don't fit your voice in a pill
Guys
Run run run run run
Run run run
6.7.8
You and 4.4
A lorlin hearty welcome the columnist on paray
That's the situation
What lineup we got for you today
Evan Skolnik and Heidi Slobdenki
Sure, I mean what we're trying to say is
Sports five boards
Five sports five
four
Five four
Gays sports Benzou with 10
Programming by the seat of the Jockstrap
And these losing revenue for the sake of
Almost for cold weird
1131 at 560 WDQAM
Just after 1 p.m.
Friday City Council Chairman John Bryan in St. Peter's
Walked into City Hall handed in his resignation letter
Less than five hours later he was slumped over in a golf card in the garage of his floral city home
Dead from carbon dioxide poisoning
Bryan 56 had committed suicide
Oh my god
Bryan shocking death came after news spread
Friday that authorities were investigating stunning allegations
That he had sexually abused three girls including two of his adopted daughters
age 12 and 15
Ron Stewart, a spokesman for the panelists Pasco Circuit Court said the
Third-led victim was a nanny for Bryan years ago
And no longer lives in the area
For St. Peter's Virgo Fisuals allegations were as jarring as they were sickening
Bryan was a hometown business hero
A pillar of the community a powerful voice on the city council dies
And a close ally of Mayor Rick Baker and a right-wing phony baloney another one
How do you like that?
Mm-hmm
All the right-wing phony and of course the good news of it is though he's dead
That's the only good news
Got a couple of really good comms here several as a matter of fact
Because I'm going to delve into this business
You know what? We get some calls. I'll take a few here and there you know
Right there you go. That's what I'm going to do every now and then
Good policy
They got nothing to say man they got nothing
They're just like Joe Elfineberg they have nothing to say big build up
Oh yeah Nia we want the calls the cars are what the shows are all about
Like that like Jolly Joe let me say this to you a little piece of advice
If Jolly Joe tells you something do the opposite if he says go left go right
Feases oh yeah, you know you didn't have to tell me that oh
Marine Dodds column in the New York Times old school in anarchy
dying for a daddy the Republicans turned their hungry eyes to Fred
Fred Thompson acts tough on screen and like Ronald Reagan he has a distinctively masculine timber and extremely involved wife
It is announcement video mr. Thompson stood in front of a desk and what looked like a law office
Rumbling reassuringly that in this dangerous time he would deal with the safety and security of the American people
As Michelle Kotl wrote in the New Republic far more than Puffy Croft mid and even more than tough guys Rudy and McCain
The burly six foot five sixty five-year-old mr. Thompson exudes old school masculinity
In Thompson's presence live Ron screams she wrote one is viscerally
Inimately reassured that he can handle any crisis that arises be it a renegade Russian sub or a boxed rate case
But she wanted was he really enough of a man for this fighter just someone who me entered through life creating the illusion of a masculine mystique
News reported that some close to the Tennessee in question whether moving to the White House is truly Thompson's life ambition
Or more the dream of his second wife Jerry a former GOP operative who is his unofficial campaign manager and top advisor
It took only two days of campaigning to answer the masculine mystique question Fred gave an interview to see an end's John King
Is his bus rolled through Iowa to walk to Grisha the American people hold the present of the US responsible for the fact
That been lawton is still at large six years later mr. King asked
I think been lawton is more of a symbolism that he has anything else Thompson drolled
Been lawden being in the mountains of Afghanistan or Pakistan is not as important as the fact that there's probably all cut operatives inside the US of America
Usually you can only get that kind of exquisitely in in logic from the president
Who does Fred think his sending operatives are inspiring them to come Fred is not Ronnie. He's warmed over W
President Reagan always knew who the four was
Fred followed W is nutty lead of marginalizing Osama on a day went TV show another creepy fruitcake
Manifesto by the terrorist was wearing what seemed to be a fake beard left over from Woody Allen's bananas and
Glowy and he on everything from these broad subprime mortgage crisis to the walls of global warming to a Kennedy assassination conspiracy theory
To the wisdom of Noam Chomsky to the unwisdom of Richard Pearl the heartwarming news that the Muslims have lived with Jews not incinerated them
To the need to continue to escalate the killer and fighting against American kids in Iraq
Can we please get somebody in charge will stop whining that Osama is hiding in harsh terrain hunt him down and blast him forward of the Stone Age
Fred must have missed the news of the administrations intelligence estimate in July
Deeming of how to rejuvenate it in a persistent and evolving terrorist threat to Americans
Press by Mr. King on the fact that the Bush Hawks went after Sodom instead of Osama Fred continued to spotter
You're you're not served up these issues one at a time when they come and you have to you have to deal with them
Democrats pounce John Edwards issued a statement saying that bin Laden is still at large as Bush's darkest failure
John McCain and Rudy Giuliani also stressed the need to take out Osama
Fred quickly caved on the matter of men and caves at a rally later in the day he manned up
Apparently Osama bin Laden has crawled out of his cave long enough to send another video
And he's getting a lot of attention. He said an ought to be caught and killed
He continued to insist that killing bin Laden would not end the terrorist threat without realizing that this is true now because by not catching bin Laden
W allowed to explode into an inspirational force for G-Hodests
Republicans are especially eager for a pop after the disappointing experiences with junior after going through so many shadowing disasters
W seems more an experienced kid than ever
An ostracid the president called Australian soldiers and Iraq Austrian troops and got into a weird two-and-fro on TV with a South Korean president
W cooperated with Robert Draper the author of a new biography of him yet the portrait wasn't flattering
Like a front president sitting around with the brothers trying to figure out whether the party would try to out her
Theta's W.A.S.S.
advises for a show of hands last year to see if Rami should stay on and W is obsessed with getting the secret service to arrange his
Viking trails
What kind of a male one of his advisors wonder wonder to loud obsesses over his bike riding time other than Lance Armstrong or 12-year-old boy
That's Green Dodd's take see I feel so much better having read that
Me too as opposed to
Or yeah, or that
Brugs
897 tallies on air we're getting close to a thousand crests. Well, we got to get to 900 first
We'll do it. Well, I mean is that impressive? These are just people listening. This isn't a question
This isn't something that requires putting on your thinking cap and you know getting all into what you know what I'm saying
What do you say?
What are you male 35 plus 695 male 18 to 3427 lots of numbers Neil female 35 plus 60 female 18 to 34 still only nine
Female under 18 five and male under 18 only two now. How do you like that? How do you explain that to me George?
I don't I can't female under 18 five and male under 18
Solomente doce really don't want to catch something
The O' Rogers God
This is not a holiday. Do you have problems communicating with your children?
Which children reach their teens? It's almost impossible to make them obey
I am a psycho in a law allologist who graduated from the accredited University of Miami
And I have the solution for your child's misbehavior
Which until was a given my good slap here like this
Now there are many different kinds of flats you can land by buying my seated to D like this one over here. Come here you
That was for your sister last
And then on top go on get out of here. Okay, look at him go. See how well it waits to order your calling Dr. Howard CD call one 800
That there is one 800
No no no no no one 800
Got a pen and a paper around keep saying this number one 800
You know how old them spat saw it's not clear. You've got another first time. That's one 800 today
That's one eight eight
That's one eight six six.
That's it.
The last part of it there was she just taken put on a loop.
I think so.
We could play it till two o'clock.
Sounds like a winner to me except the course for the spot.
Gotta get those spots in there, baby.
908 people have tallied in there on our survey.
That's what our survey says.
And the phone is dead as a door nail.
Well, it's a good thing I'm not going to be dependent on.
I'll say one thing that I'm going to sit down.
I'm going to make me a big pile.
Wow.
Well, of course this morning I already did that several times.
Oh, yeah.
Made several big piles.
But I'm going to make me a big pile of stuff here.
And I'm going to get right back on it.
Because this phone situation right now,
this should be like a message.
This should be a bulletin to the powers that be in this place
if they were paying any attention.
The powers that have to be in the top of the video.
What is an idea of an embarrassing hurricane loss?
Am I your pardon?
The powers that be in the talk studio over there,
like they often are discussing what they're going to be doing
with and for one of the other shows as if.
They're in what talk studio?
The other talk, the talk studio.
The talk studio.
The talk studio.
The four-year-old talk studio.
The whole news in there.
I assume we're talking about the morning show
and what they're going to be doing with regards to it.
The morning show, you mean the big dog and jacks show?
That one.
The spots all the spots.
I'm just talking about.
I could be wrong.
Who knows what they're talking about.
You got the room tapped, is that it?
No.
WDQA and Hello.
Hello, Big.
WDQA and Hello.
I am here.
WDQA and Hola.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
I had some material, but you were reading that newspaper.
I got a little confused.
What do you want to talk about?
Let me ask you something.
Hello?
What are you going to have some material?
How about a big burlap sack sounds good to me?
How about a big burlap sack sounds really good to me?
Okay, then we could toss like in a lake.
Oh, could Joby?
Wow.
I see the best or what?
Nope.
They ain't nobody even close.
9-11, oh, I'm sorry.
As a matter of fact, tomorrow is 9-11.
You do understand that.
See that?
Everybody.
Huh?
Seems to be.
I'm just checking my watch.
9-11 people listening.
Well, that's about it, too.
And when you only got 9-11, you're expecting a bunch of calls.
It isn't going to happen.
WDQA and Hello.
You're stealing the journal from you.
5-670560, £560 in the Verizon Singular Wireless Line.
When Senator Larry Craig's daughter went public on ABC's
Good Morning America to Defender Father,
she may have gotten a bit more publicity than she bargained for.
Following the show's airing, a reader of Idaho's Boise Guardian
tipped the website that there was a warrant for Shays, Susanne, Howell's, or Rest.
We checked with officials at the jail and recorded their records
the content to court warrant his active, said the Guardian reported.
Chances are she may not have been aware of the warrant.
And until she became a television personality, few people including the coppers
linked her name to Craig, the coppers.
Don't you love that?
Well, that's the Guardian, you know, those Brits, the coppers.
The ABC News blog, Political Puts to the Appearance, may have reawaken Idaho authorities' interest in the case,
reporting that Howell was charged with an unlawful entry and malicious entry to property
in November of 2006 according to Boise's Ada County Courthouse.
Can you imagine what kind of a place that must be Boise, Idaho?
I don't know.
Better than here?
Oh.
Well, I could have said that about anywhere.
But she missed her court date April 9th of this year.
The arrest warrant was issued as a result of her failing to appear in court,
the blog's Jack Tapper wrote.
Oh no, Larry Craig's daughter and the blog is written by Jack Tapper.
Wow.
How till they be see that her arrest warrant has nothing to do with my dad's job
and her charge is related to reandering her own home during a very difficult divorce?
Cock going into a house without permission and damaging property according to a
Boise Police Department spokesman Howell was given a summons,
but not originally arrested or booked.
The content warrant for Howell's arrest of the documents can be viewed
at the smoking gun for those who care.
But in this crowd, I'm sure that all the people who are calling today will be all over that like Stink on Greg.
WDQA and Hello.
QA and Ola.
Out there.
WDQA and Hello.
This is Wayne Dinkershund.
WDQA and Hello.
There's a bench of gelatin hovering over 560 in there.
Yeah, I know where the stench is coming from too.
Hmm, just sniff your pits, babe.
Just sniff them.
Oh, you haven't been talking to him all summer, have you?
No.
Well, that's because Chris has been screaming your calls.
You're not telling me that I have a screen to call.
Is that Chris on the phone?
No, not all the.
No, I wasn't asking you, fatso.
Okay, I'm not telling you anything.
No, I'm just asking.
I'm asking for your, yeah.
Yeah.
We should?
Yeah.
Okay, well, screen him.
And don't blame him.
Blame your buddy, George.
Okay, blame him, not me.
I'm gonna beat him up right now.
Five, sit, don't beat him up.
Screen calls.
Okay, do what you're told, Mr. Okay.
If you want to continue making two and a half bucks an hour.
And give him all a free time.
Do what you like.
We can heap on you.
Twelve years at least.
I mean, how long ago before you decided that you didn't...
I don't know how angry you are now.
He's trying to make you look at the gray hair.
Look, he's not doing it either.
He's busy talking to you.
Why he doesn't do it when I am on either?
He doesn't do it.
He still feels slow that it's just...
He doesn't want to.
I don't blame him for not wanting to, so he's reluctant.
Never mind.
See, that's been the story with all of...
And some of you people created that.
I want to mention your name.
It was the same with Cordis, the same thing.
I don't want him.
I don't want him.
Well, that's your job.
I don't want him.
I did it anyway.
I took him.
I don't want him.
W-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
W-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
W-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
N-E-L-S.
Yes.
President Bush, that's the kicking ass in Iraq.
Yeah.
What's your opinion?
W-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
Hey, N-E-O. Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Glad to have you back, sir.
The board can see.
I'm going to tell that, man.
What a welcome back.
What a reunion this is today.
The morning show's timeline thing you have is hilarious.
Now, the other thing is, I'm a little down because it's all too long.
But can you imagine how bad your management feels today?
Yeah, Michigan, I got one.
I got one.
All right.
You're welcome, sir.
Thanks very much.
Oh, yeah.
You're welcome, sir.
W-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
W-Q-A-M-H-L-O.
There's just an embarrassing part of the Hurricane pregame show
that I'm sure Chris Lailan could tell you about where Clarence and Curtis and B-J actually pretend to be hurricane coaches
and they talk to each other taking on the persona of the coaches.
It's pretty embarrassing and I kind of thought you're how child is Clarence is, I think.
Because it's probably all those ideas to do that segment, right?
I'm sure it was.
Uh-huh.
He gets to be Randy Shannon for the day.
Okay, great.
Especially after Saturday at Sexlin.
5670560.
Nice going, Clarence.
You're simple then.
You're fair.
Wow.
And Joe Bell's writing me emails about the Joel Feinberg.
Wow.
Wow, wow, wow.
It's right there in front of your nose, fat ass, jolly.
It's right there.
He's right there in that room next door.
He's right in there.
You can go and put your hands around his neck and squeeze and squeeze until the blood is all drained out of his...
Oh my god.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, yeah.
By the way, it was a pretty good movie on cable other day, which I've seen a million times now.
And it does never really like a good review on IMDB, but who cares about that?
It's called The Neighbor with Rod Steiger.
That sounds real familiar.
Have you ever seen that with a young couple and she's pregnant?
And did they move into this old house and he's the next door neighbor?
And come to find out she looks just like his dead mother?
That sounds very familiar.
It's an old movie, right?
Like Ender with Rod Steiger.
I think I saw that a long time ago.
The Neighbor.
It's pretty good.
If you're really bored to like your stuff.
Yeah, Rod Steiger is great.
I've never saw a movie with Rod Steiger that I didn't like.
Tiddo, kiddo.
And he's dead.
WQYM, hello.
Hi there, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I remember the midnight.
No kidding.
Good job, Chris.
WQYM, hello.
Your phone screen has made to be a rebel man.
That guy, he's stuck.
Tell me again.
WQYM, hello.
QYM.
Hello?
Yes.
Is Neil?
Yes.
How are you doing, Neil?
Okay.
I was calling on.
You ever want to tell down what he's over with?
Not anymore.
Why not?
I'm not going to go through it again, sir.
What can I do for you?
Oh, but I was just saying, though, his special comments.
He has a special comment like, sort of, there's a show.
Yeah.
He's talking to you.
He talks about Bush and all that.
He's right on with, you know, what he'd be saying about what's going on in the world.
Yeah, if I was right on with what he'd be saying, yeah.
WQYM, hello.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey, I just saw this movie last weekend.
Ball for Fuey.
You might like it.
It's funny.
Yeah.
And the main guy looks like you, you know, big and fat, you know.
5670560.
Now we're starting to get a little bit more like what I'm looking for.
And pond 560 in the Verizon Singular Rattles 921, they're on a survey, by the way.
The fact that we, it's almost noon and we still don't have a thousand people that are like,
just checked in on there.
That's not a good sign.
I'm thinking, you know, you're talking about spinning wax.
I'm thinking music, man.
Now that Rick Shaw is hung up, telling you, I'm thinking oldie mollies, man.
I got a pretty good collection here to start too.
I could go right into the street and just stock up like crazy.
Played better stuff than, why didn't Rick Shaw kiss Bob Hamilton's ass so much when he was out with me?
I give up.
Didn't you find that rather disturbing?
I guess he really meant it though.
I mean, you know, he was sincere.
So it was a real radio guy and a great guy.
He just, kind of like Joel Feinberg, you know.
A real radio guy.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Hello, you, that was a black man.
WDQ-AM, hello.
Good morning.
How are you today?
Okay, sir.
What was the reason for Joel Feinberg calling the station?
He never, I never really went into it.
Because he's a jerk.
Was he just trying to pull your chain or was he a jerk?
No, he just, he was just a jerk.
That's all I mean.
Because he had George's cell phone number and therefore he called in last Thursday
and was going to call a negotiate a deal to hire me over there today on the year at 1005.
And just, you know, just because he's been ego.
He said he's got, listen to me.
He's got daddy's money.
He's a board rich guy with too much money.
He's got too much time in his hands.
Well, then take charge of his money?
Wait, probably.
You know, nothing wrong with that.
Go with the best deal goes.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
I'll go, I'll go to serious.
I'll go to accent.
I'll go with the best deal is I'll go over to the mini-mart and I'll buy some, uh, span.
Seriously, it's just, if you could sell stupidity by the palm, can you imagine?
Well, you wouldn't sell it in this town.
They already got some.
They already got lots.
WQA and hello.
Hello, now.
Yes?
I don't know if I'm on the line or not.
Yeah, you're on the line, sir.
I was talking about the thing in the paper the other day about the casinos where the state says the seminal
that the the poker game said the, you know, in blackjack and but they don't have no rule out or no craft.
No craft.
Can you figure that one out?
No.
Can you figure it out?
Yes.
They have to call your show to find out what's going on.
That's why I.
Yeah, okay.
Okay, great.
Wow.
Wow.
What?
I said, you.
Well, this sure makes me sorry that I'm not in South Florida, man.
Like that jackass on my space sends me nothing.
Oh, you really ought to have a studio and you're a home meal.
You ought to be down here with a misery loves company and the answer is no way Jose.
The state golf team, but you can call me Kelsey.
Whenever I'm in town, I listen to, wait a minute, I am in town.
It's the 12th of one hour.
That.
I am the game.
I never have been a game.
Let's make one thing perfectly clear.
First you move your puts in from the heel to the toe.
Make the tapping sound as you move it to and throw.
Point the toward the stall of someone you don't know.
And then you tap around and tap around like more's cold.
Run your fingers all along the bottom of the stall.
The signal that you're ready for some toilet chin ball.
When he signals back, he wants to tickle your sack.
That's what's called the baggity tap.
You'll pull around and find a glory hole.
If you can be bound to squirm down by the hole.
Push your head through to the other side.
Then ask of you and he want to see I to fly.
You're in the public lake so make it fast.
At least until you both have a blast.
Then you turn your legs and pull up your hands.
That's what's called the baggity tap.
Unless the other guy shows you his badge.
Probably one of five sixty WQM I reached over it.
I did something that I should have done.
Well I did do a long time ago and I should have stuck with it.
Shut the phone screen.
That is correct.
Shut that to Mount of Dora.
Why?
I mean, hi.
Yeah.
Well, let me tell you something, Jolly Jobelle.
What you have done to this radio station and particularly,
I mean, I can't speak for anybody else,
but particularly to this show because I've experienced it now for a year and a half,
two years, whatever it's been, of just agony.
Agony.
These are people.
It wouldn't make any difference if we had an 80's here.
These people won't lift a finger to doing it.
Well, the one thing they will do, oh you can't do this and you can't do that.
You can't play a f*** right.
Meanwhile, you know, my first-while attorney there,
he's busy telling me about his dog died and about his latest 50 operations
and about his on a verge of death.
And you know, which is unfortunate, that's tragic, but in the meantime,
what does that have to do with the price of peanuts?
Right.
And that's why I shut that thing off a long time ago.
And you know, something, we went through the spring book.
Correct me if I'm wrong.
Well, let's see, was it the spring book where there was it,
the winter book we did well.
Why don't we did pretty well?
Well, I know we did well in the winter book.
Well, there you go.
That's the last time I had any money.
Then that was bonus money.
Well, we got that in the spring book.
I think we got that lame third, didn't we?
Yes.
Yeah.
A little, a little, a little tiny trickle up to take you to 7-11.
But in the meantime, here we are starting all over again from scratch.
And Joel Feinberg calls in and Joel Bell sends me,
oh, maybe we ought to, you know, I don't mind putting anything on as long as it's funny.
Maybe we ought to put his daddy on here.
Everything's a big joke, Jolly Jolly.
Like my career in this show and this radio station do anything's a big joke.
You know, and the bill, we got a spot's up there but baby, we got more spots
and then Carter's got little liver pills.
It's unbelievable.
We got spots that haven't been invented yet for businesses that haven't even opened yet.
And I'm supposed to go back to doing this crap here,
not that I was told to do it, but of course this is what they want.
Right, oh, they love the cause.
That's the cause. That's what I hear more.
Anything else?
There are no cause.
There are three people out there who hijacked the show,
which is obviously pretty easy for them to do.
They got 17 different cell phones and are sitting around there in their little circle club.
And they hijacked the program.
And these people, oh, well, you know, Joyce says we can't do this.
And this one's in and we can't do that.
And Joel's got his private investigator on the case.
You know, something, seriously.
There are people in life who disappoint,
but in this particular case, I'll say it again like I told you last Thursday,
I told you from the very beginning, from the gift of,
from practically the time this man had the door hit him in the fat ass on the way in.
I told you what we were dealing with.
You were right.
I was right.
And now we're, and here we are, we're like victims of, like your life.
Victims of circumstance.
Is that what you always say?
That's it. That's my nice face.
You couldn't just like Joel Feinberg said,
you couldn't pay him enough money to put Mo on here.
If Mo paid him, he wouldn't put him on here.
You couldn't pay me enough money to go back to taking these calls, okay?
I'm just telling you that right now, including the money they're paying me now.
If they doubled it, I still wouldn't do it.
Because that's not my idea of what this show is all about anymore.
Once upon a time it was,
but this radio station man, because we're narrow casting,
you're not going to find a bunch of new people are going to come along
and have something to talk about because we don't have any new people.
And why don't we have any new people because just like I said in talking to Joel Feinberg,
there is no promotion, none.
Symphony Do Die.
Joel Rose is on, by the way, in a station with, what's his name, Jason Jackson?
Correct.
Did I get it right?
Well, that was just by accident.
Seven to ten every morning, Monday through Friday.
Who knows about it?
Does anybody know about it?
Except those people already who were listening, of course not.
Because there isn't one word, unless people read Barry Jackass,
there isn't one word about it anywhere.
There isn't even a guy with a sandwich board running up and down Las Olas.
Hey, guess what, Joel Rose is back on QIM?
Nothing.
Symphony Do Die, Symphony A.
Well, we lost so much on the Marlins, yeah.
And of course that must be our fault.
Didn't you tell them to sign up the Marlins for 100 years so we could lose our ass?
I did, but at the Marlins that are like 20 games under 500 and lose every day.
You know, it's interesting.
I know I shouldn't admit this.
I was watching about an half inning of baseball last night, something like baseball.
Who the hell was playing?
Indians and the angels, I think?
I think so.
Whatever the hell it was.
And I watched a little bit of it, and they were shown majorly baseball attendance.
They were talking about the steroids scandal of a congressional hearings and all this other stuff.
And they showed majorly baseball attendance, keeps increasing every year,
and they broke the all-time record last year, and they said they're going to break it again this year.
And I thought to myself, that's in spite of the Tampa Bay Devil Rays and your Florida Marlins
who couldn't draw flies to a manure pile.
And they're talking about, oh, we got $85 million.
Let's go build a stadium where the orange bull was where nobody wants to go and bop-bop-bop-bop all this other crap.
Force feeding stuff where people have no interest.
Frank Rich writes in New York Times, as the raki stand down, will stand up.
It'll be 9-11 all the time this week, as the White House yet again synchronizes its drum beating for the Iraq War
with the anniversary of an attack that had nothing to do with Iraq.
Ignore that fog and focus instead on another date whose anniversary passed yesterday without notice September 8th, 2002.
What happened on that Sunday five years ago is the Rosetta Stone for the administration's latest scam.
That was the morning when the Bush White House officially rolled out its fragile encase for the war.
The four horsemen, the apocalypse, Cheney Rumsfeld, Powell and Rice were dispatched on mass to the Washington talk shows
where they eagerly pointed to a front page New York Times article amplifying subsequently debunked administration claims
that Sodom had softer by aluminum tubes.
Chew!
Med for nuclear weapons.
We don't want the smoking gun to be a mushroom cloud, said Condoleezza on CNN, introducing a sales pitch concocted by a White House speechwriter.
What followed was an epic propaganda onslaught of distorted intelligence, fake news, credulous and erroneous reporting by bona fide journalists,
presidential play acting congressional fecklessness.
Much of it had been plotted that summer of 2002 by the then-secret White House Group WIG, WHIG, White House Iraq Group,
a small task force of administration brass charged with the Iraq con job.
Today the spirit of WIG lives in the state of the Sturge Propaganda Offensive that crests with this week's congressional testimony of General David B.
Patras and Ambassador Ryan Crocker, history is repeating itself in almost every particular.
Even the specter of imminent nuclear holocaust has been rebooted in President Bush's arsenal of rhetorical scare tactics.
The new WIG is a 24-7 Pentagon information war room conceived in the last throws of the Rumsfeld regime and run by a former ABC news producer.
White House fact about the surge is Trump are turning up unsubstantiated newspapers and on TV.
Instead of being bombarded with dire cherry-picked intelligence about WMD, this time we're being serenaded with feel-good cherry-picked statistics offering hope.
Once again the fixes in Mr. Bush's pre... oh look at that.
Come on.
You're out?
I'm here.
Once again the fixes in Mr. Bush's pretense has been waiting for the Patras Crocker report before setting his policy as his bogus as his UN charade before the war.
And once again a narrowly democratic senate lacks the vote to stop him.
As always with this White House, telegenic artificial realities are paramount.
Exhibit A of course was last weekend's precisely time surprise presidential junket.
Mr. Bush took the measure of success on the ground here in Ann Barrow's he put it without ever leaving a heavily fortified American base.
A more elaborate example of an administration Disneyland can be found in these bubbly Baghdad markets visited by John McCain and other dignitaries whenever the cameras roll.
Last week the Washington Post discovered that at least one of them the door market is a potentian village open only a few hours a day and produced a by $2,500 grants, 8K8 bribes, bestowed on the shopkeepers.
This is General Patras' baby's staff sergeant Josh Candle told the Post personally I think it's a false impression.
Another US officer said that even shops that sell dust or merely intended to sell goods are included in the Pentagon's count of the markets for open businesses.
One Baghdad visited less than impressed was representative Jan Czakowski, Democrat from Chicago who dined with the delegation and crockers Greens on residence last month while General Patras delivered his spiel.
He spent an awful lot of time whining and dining members of Congress he told me last week, though the menu included that native speciality lobster tortellini, the real bill of fairness Mr. Mischlok Kowski said, was the rigid set of talking points, and bar bottom up decrease in violence and success.
In this new White House nearer, there victory has been downsized to a successful anti-terrorist alliance between Sunni tribe leaders and the mercenilitarian Anbar, a single province containing less than 5% of a rack's population.
In truth, the serge had little to do with his development, which was already being terminated by Mr. Bush in his January prime time speech announcing the serge.
Even if you believe that it's a good idea to bond with former Saddamers to may have American blood on their hands, the chances of this bottom up model replicating itself are slim.
Anbar's population is almost exclusively Sunni. Much of the rest of Iraq is consumed by the Sunni Shi'ad and Shi'ad civil wars that are MIA in the White House talking points.
The decrease in violence table is even more insidious, though both General Patras and White House fact sheet of recently boasted of a 75% decline in sectarian attacks.
This number turns out to be as cooked as those tallies of Salam's weapon sites once bellowed by Wig.
As the Washington Post reported on Thursday at Excludes Shi'ad and Shi'ad and Sunni on Sunni violence, the GAO which rejected the fuzzy math found overall violence unchanged using the methodology practiced by the CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency.
And it goes on, and there's more to it. But I don't have time because we got to do a break. We got spots, you know what I'm saying?
You get the drift. Not as much as that. Not as many as that morning show, but then again, nevertheless.
From its past noon at 5.60 WQAM, hey guys, I'd like to discuss the topic. All sports fans should know something about wine. That's right, I said wine.
Look, your taste evolved, tailgates have changed from hot dogs to tripe tip, pick up basket balls and become a round of golf, and you've started notice that their beverages are other than beer.
Dancing bull makes the word winning wines that are always priced right with a variety of suit every sports fan's taste. That's why they're consistently rated a best buy.
If you're looking for the right wine, remember dancing bull takes wine seriously so you don't have to. Dancing bull wines heals Verge, California.
The best talent for this new project. Holy mackin' on, this is Joe Bowen, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs, and you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God.
Yeah, yeah, what's up y'all, this is your boy D. Mike. See how you even saw us with like hooks and concepts, right?
But we never try to go black, some of the russians, check this out y'all.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
yeah no no no, no screaming out no, no, no, on halfsz 되... that thing will all stand for one moreina I'll say who would ta丁or
I-E-A-D-S-P-O-O-P-L-I-E-A-D-D-S-P-O-C-R-E-S
Raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise
raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise, your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids, their kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise, die our kids raise your kids, today our kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise our kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids raise your kids, blacks
Ready, order it!
Ready, order it!
Ready, order it!
Ready, order it!
Ready, order it!
Ready, order it!
You saw, please stay!
Here's how it's best there!
Here's how it's best there!
Here's how it's best there!
Here's how it's best there!
Here's how it's best there!
Here's how it's best there!
So, we're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
We're the book!
I-E-A-D-A-P-O!
For those two reasons, I'll play that.
Number one, it hasn't been placed for way too long, I believe.
I could be wrong about that, but I think that's...
That's in Friday.
Are you playing it Friday?
Sure, we have food in the evening.
Like I said, that's way too long, and number two, it's long.
Yeah.
You know?
I do.
My mind, at this moment, this is September 10th, 2007.
And my mind, at this moment, is like scrambled eggs.
Okay?
If I were you, I would find Joe Bell, right?
Of course, he's probably out to about two, three hour lunch right now,
or there's still not meeting over there.
Are they still having a big meeting in that hotel studio?
They haven't been in the hallway since I told you that.
Well, Chris ought to be real happy now, because you never going to have to screen another call on issue.
Well, I'm doing it.
Cool.
What'd you call me?
Coolo.
Yeah, yeah.
Best of May, coolo, he said.
Not very nice, real nice.
Right, right, go.
Real sweet, okay?
Well, you know what Joe Bell said?
He said, if it's funny, he wants it on our area, you know?
Which I thought was most amusing.
Now, what Joel did have one good line this morning.
I forget what the hell it was.
He had a good line, and then, of course, he grew up all the way.
What was it?
Goodbye.
Goodbye was a bit.
In fact, that was probably the best thing he said.
That was good, too.
9.74 on that survey, boy.
We got almost a thousand listeners out there now.
After 31 and a half years, it's really, really reassuring, Joe.
You're doing a heck of a job.
And if you're going to listen for me in my interaction with the colors,
listen real hard because you're not coming here at the hips.
Done.
Finito is over.
Didn't I go through a whole rambling thing when I shut the thing off in the first place
about how things change?
You know, remember, we had that line with King.
I don't have any more.
Things change in broadcasting, and they do.
And you have to go with the flow.
And you can't force it.
It isn't there, baby.
It's like trying to squeeze blood out of a rock.
It's like trying to squeeze money out of a cheap scape.
Just ain't going to happen, baby.
Ain't going to happen.
Ain't going to be there no more.
Once upon a time in America.
In a tutorial in the Seattle Post Intelligence,
sir, predied toward the world as worried.
The chilling report that the Pentagon is planning a three-day blitz
targeting Iran hasn't gotten much play here in the US.
The British press, meanwhile, has been buzzing with what the Bush Administration's plan is for Iran,
and the news isn't good.
Eeeh!
Eeeh!
Eeeh!
The times of London, which reported on the Pentagon's plans,
has the source who claims that the US is looking to launch air strikes against 1200 targets in Iran.
Here's a news alert from the Washington Post on my Blackbird.
Should I open it up?
No.
Why not?
It might be something important.
All Patras and Crocker to speak to Congress.
Ooh!
I would rather.
At 1230 this afternoon.
Well, he's going to testify.
Who now wants to see that?
You know what he's going to say, just like that article I read a minute ago by Frank Rich.
But a beep bit a boop bit about air, everything's common, up roses.
Even the dead people smell good.
Anyway, getting back to this editorial.
It says that a prominent offense is always planning something.
It's what a military does, a scenario planning.
But with a tough talk coming from President Bush and a series of odd bits of news,
a proposed gradual troop withdrawal from Bush and the jet-carrying nuclear weapons over the US by mistake,
a bunch of grim theories are emerging.
We can engage in scenario planning, too.
For example, why would Bush want to start pulling troops out earlier than the date,
suggested by Democrats applying, and he shot down?
To send them elsewhere, perhaps?
And the DailyCost.com reports that the base at which the new-carrying B-52 landed in Barthes,
the Louisiana, is a jumping off point from Middle East operations.
The UK Sunday telegraphing, while reports that recently a group of British Bush administration staffers
is gathered to consider the greatest threat the government has faced this century,
the testing of a nuclear weapon by Iran.
Now, there may be no connection between those stories,
but together they certainly feed the frenzied mood surrounding the US dealings with Iran,
whose present Mahmoud Ahmed image at is hardly a cool headed leader himself,
dishing out his own brand of rhetoric.
But according to the IEAE, IAEA, did I say it right?
Who cares?
There's no evidence that Iran has weaponized its nuclear program.
IAEA Chief Mohamed Al Baradai said the US has stand off with Iran as a reminder of pre-war Iraq.
Based on the evidence we have, we do not see a clear and present danger
that it requires that you go beyond diplomacy.
A ray of hope comes by a news that former Iranian President Hashimi Rafzim Jani,
a moderate compared to Ahmedina Judd, has been chosen to lead the assembly of experts,
a clerical body that handpicks the country's supreme leader,
a position higher than that of President,
so the hardliners days in Iran may be numbered.
The US has already lost a tremendous amount of credibility in the eyes of the world,
so far the most dangerous than ever.
In the US, the US has been building in New York since 1996.
While our President may think he's a cowboy,
the fact remains that we can't go alone in this world.
We need allies, we need goodwill, we need real sophisticated leadership.
That's what the Seattle Post Intelligence who says in their editorial this morning.
977 on that survey, baby, anybody in the age of 100, they're going to be gone.
Well, you know, 20-year-old guys, they don't want to hear someone who will thank it,
reading about your stories on here.
You know what?
Government Dread.
And Happy New Year.
Happy Russia Shona, what?
Hababba-man Dread.
Hababba-man, like Rimmer would say.
And you know something, I'm not going to continue doing that.
Well, what's the point?
Is it going to change?
No.
Absolutely not.
Absolutely not.
No way.
We could just record those four and play the role.
Well, I'm not talking about the phone.
I'm talking about the ineptitude in this building.
I'm talking about the program director.
I'm talking about the corporate legal misleap.
I'm talking about your fat-ass general manager who hasn't got a clue
what it is that we do here, what we need, or a couldn't care less.
Just run up the spot, baby.
Get that building up.
Get that building up.
Make him look good.
He's going to make the beastly's money for the first time.
When a guy who's one of the head honkshows, when Bruce Beasley sits across from me at lunch,
and by the way, I'll say it again, it was a pretty meat-margin lunch crepe-stick,
and tells me that they've lost money every year since they've had the sports format,
and looks me straight in the eye, knowing that they've never lost any money on this show.
They've always made a pile of money on this show.
What am I supposed to say to him?
Oh, I'm sorry. I talked to you in the caratose ball games.
What am I going to say?
You could say you ever thought of putting on a format that people might want to listen to.
Then somebody might want to listen to that you could make money on?
Just, you know, since it's a business.
It's not a business.
I know that.
Before it's a sports bar with a microphone.
A very astute gentleman once told me that, and I talked to myself,
what does that mean in the sports bar with a microphone?
And then I started working here.
Arachite, big blow!
Good morning, Americans. It's Paul Harface. Standby for news.
George placed a bouquet of flowers on the grave of his dearly departed mother
and then started back towards his car when his attention was diverted to another man kneeling at a gravesite.
The man seemed to be trained with profound.
Intensity, and kept repeating, why did you have to die?
Why did you have to die? Why did you have to die?
George approached him and said, sir, I don't wish to interfere with your private grief,
but this demonstration of pain is more than I have ever seen before,
or whom do you mourn so deeply a child? A parent?
The man took a moment to collect himself and then replied, my wife's first husband.
Now page two.
Carl was throwing down the street. As he passed the large building with a fence around it,
he heard a group of people chanting 69, 69, 69, over and over again.
Curious, Carl tried to see over the fence, but could not, and then he spotted a hole in the wooden fence.
He put his eye to the hole and managed to spy some old people sitting in deck chairs chanting.
Before a finger came out of nowhere and poked him in the eye, as he staggered back,
he heard the chant 70, 70, 70, 12, Harvey.
Good day. Good day.
Good thing Joyce wasn't there when he were yelling 69, I would have been bad, wouldn't it?
She'd have gone in there and given him all what for.
Are we going to get to a thousand listeners on here or what?
Yes.
Well, we got 992 now, but I'm talking about like pronto, man.
This thing should have been easy, 1500, 2000, if we had an audience left.
I hope Joe Bell is in the middle of driving off the road at lunch right now,
when he finds out that we got like 992 people listening.
We'll get to a thousand before a thousand, one.
Do you want to repeat that?
Yes, we'll get to a thousand before we get to a thousand, one.
Most Americans think this week's report from Army General David H. Patreas will exaggerate progress in Iraq,
and if you expect it to result in a major shift in President Bush's policy.
But despite skepticism about the Patreas' testimony and majority support for U.S. troops' reduction in Iraq,
there's also been a slight increase in the number of who see the situation there as improving.
These findings from a new Washington Post ABC News poll underscored the depth of public antipathy toward the Iraq war,
the doubts about the administration's policies, and the limited confidence in the Iraqi government
to meet its commitments to restore civil order as if there's some kind of great doubt.
Only about a third believe the U.S. is making significant progress toward restoring civil order in Iraq,
and most said the buildup hasn't made much difference.
A majority said they don't expect the troop increase to improve the security situation over the next few months.
Just one third were confident the Iraqi government can meet its political and security goals.
I'll keep the blackberries below the desk because they interfere with microphones.
We'll head here strictly to the five-minute rule with the exception of the chairman and...
Who is this fossil? Oh, Representative, I ex-Skeleton, Democrat Chairman of the Armed Services Committee.
If he isn't 140 years old man, he ain't five months. Look at that.
He's opening up these hearings with General Patreas. Aren't you impressed? No.
Your life is in his hands.
At the same time, however, there's been a six-foot increase in St. D'Alain,
the percentage of those who said the additional U.S. forces had improved the situation in Iraq up to 28%.
Wow! And a nine-point jump in the proportion of those who think the buildup will make things better, up 43%, up 243%.
The public's baseline judgment on the war has changed very little.
More than six out of ten said the war is not worth fighting.
A sentiment that's been a majority of you for nearly three long years is the bloodshed of the murder and the horror that goes on and on and on.
And the public is worried about giving me the ball. And that was a pretty good game yesterday, by the way, George.
Excuse me, what?
Wow, let me tell you right now, man.
That was just walloped the JETSSUCK, the Jets.
Wow, walloped. I mean, they demolished them. They blew them off the field.
And the Denver Buffalo game, wow! Was I psyched at the end of that game? Did you see that, Chris?
I know, I didn't, unfortunately. You didn't see the end of the game?
No.
The Denver Buffalo? No.
Denver had missed two field goals and had a miracle chance there with seconds left in the game to get a field goal to win a game.
They're losing off. Let's see, it was 15 to 13, I think.
14 to 13.
What every hell of a one.
14 to 12.
12, what are you saying?
14 to 12.
And they get the, they complete a pass over the middle of the field with just seconds left.
They've got no timeout stuff and I'm thinking, what are they doing?
What are they doing? There's like 10 seconds on the clock. There's eight seconds in somehow.
They get the field goal team out there and they get the snap off just before the clock expires and they kick the winning field goal as time runs out.
16-15.
And you know what I thought to myself is I watched the winning field goal go through the uprights?
What?
Buffalo blows and started the build.
I loved it.
And then of course your dolphin game, man.
Now did you watch that? I'm sure you're getting a big fish fan. And what did you think?
Samo, Samo.
More of the same cup and drop of the clean ball.
I'll tell you one thing. If I ever got one, at least we have a quarterback now.
That's one thing I can say.
And he's still pretty good. He still can, I mean, at least he's not some, he's not no AJ touchy feeling.
And who's this field goal kicker that got this feeling? What, what are they obsessed with?
Feeley?
I guess I think the dolphin organization is in touch obsessed with Feeley.
Ever see, I can't say that. I'll say.
That's another thing. Oh, I don't be picking on the organization.
We got the dolphin games now. Don't be ripping the organization because Wayne will get all upset.
Okay, sorry, sorry, Baldi. Hey, Jay's no AJ.
That's for them. Sure, but he's touchy Feeley.
You would know I wish that I wish that Trent Green were touchy feeling with me.
He's 37, man. He still looks stand good.
2002, you're right. We got past 1000 and we got to a thousand and one we got to a thousand to everybody count with us.
Okay.
Our listed demographic survey. It's not very exciting. It's not a pool.
It's not like requiring an opinion. We'll do one of those tomorrow. Maybe or maybe we'll do the ethnic survey.
You want to do that? Should we do all the surveys this week, George?
Why not? Let's just keep it up.
I'll tell you the first two hours of the show though today was a real slap in the face.
And you know what? That's right. A real slap in my face and it woke me up.
I'm glad this happened today. I don't know what you probably are because you don't like the calls.
Well, I like the calls when we get some. Yeah. When what year was that?
I'm getting old and feeble, man. I didn't say that far back.
Remember the catfish lady? Oh, yeah. I remember.
Remember we had people they used to call for a week off and that we actually wanted to talk to.
Remember those days? Sure. Now, people actually had something to say that word.
There was like a coherent conversation that started with how you're doing and then it would okay see you.
Have a great day. Have a great life. I have no life. Stuff like that.
Not no more. It almost brings a tear to my eye.
Except on payday.
Which I got paid several days earlier this last payday. My check showed up on Wednesday.
I mentioned that on Thursday. I'm sure I did. Nice call and jolly Joe.
Just keep the checks coming because you can't do anything else, baby.
Just do what you do well and that's and so far that's the only thing I've discovered.
As if he's able to get them to move those checks along.
Look at that. Now we got a thousand and three. They're coming in by.
See, do you understand what this is? No.
I do realize thanks to AOL and you're always explaining those technical limitations of people.
If they live within like six blocks and somebody else they can't vote on a pool, etc. and so on.
However that works.
Well, like you there in the building. How many people can vote on a pool in the building?
One. Just one. And a whole building? Well, on our floor.
See, that's what I'm trying to say. So you take the thousand and three votes there that we got there.
And you multiply ten. One. For forty thousand? Yes, that's good.
So we got millions of people listening really. I think it's time for pay raise.
I think for it's time for you to get on one of the shows where they take a lot of calls and you can screen them.
Howard David's a bitch.
That's a little boy. It's hard to be home over when you're from a conservative state.
I can't wait to have a gay meeting after preaching self-righteous hate.
To blow me is to love me.
Just grab my Senator Glenn.
Well, oh boy, it's hard to be home over.
Still I'm too in strange guys in the camp.
1245 at 560 W.D. Q. I'm happy Monday to you September 10th.
Tomorrow is September 11th. Wow.
Did you feel threatened? I feel something.
Yeah, but I'm going to say what?
Sick.
Nautious. On the verge of puking your guts out.
On the verge of a gigantic binge of diarrhea.
Oh, you guessed it.
Oh, that was really.
I know it would be a matter of time.
I don't know what it was this morning, but boy, I had just, I don't know what that was.
I don't want to get into a whole bunch of arbitrary stuff because then we'll get joy.
I don't want to do that, but it had to do with a lot of joy.
Yeah, I just had to take in potatoes last night and that should have been, wow.
No, affecting me.
I'm going to have me a real great lunch this afternoon.
I just decided that.
Okay.
Can I tell you a little story? I've got a couple of things here that was sent to me in.
And thanks, by the way, for my Sean Felix, the cat guy there on the Myspace.
He's one guy hasn't deserted me.
He had a professor and Brandon came back that I mentioned that.
I know he would.
Yeah. He always there. He's always there.
He's just busy. He's actually like doing work.
Really?
Or something.
He's doing work.
He's a young guy. He's busy.
And if he's not, he's got a problem.
He's at work. He's busy the rest of the time.
And don't start getting intruding onto his life, too.
Okay. Next you do one and take his girlfriend out.
What's she looking at?
Yeah, I like Joyce. Joyce, what's her name?
Joyce Lennelder's.
Oh.
No, Josh Cordis. Joyce Cordis.
Can I tell you a story?
Please.
Now, do you remember the phone rang about an hour ago?
Right.
Did you hear that on the air?
Of course.
Yeah, of course.
We all did. I thought it was your bookie.
It was even better than that.
Now, ordinarily, I try to keep some of this personal stuff in.
In fact, you know, I tell you before the show.
Because it's too embarrassing, you know.
But anyway, my little Mexican friend, he and the three of his Mexican friends decided
they were going to get on the train and go to Montreal for the weekend.
And I thought, yeah, great. Excellent idea.
So I said it all up and I paid for his stuff, which of course, you know, that's me.
I'm not part of the universe.
And they went off to Montreal.
I had a great time in the weekend.
And the return trip to Toronto for Montreal, the train was at 11.40 this morning.
Okay.
Okay.
And 11.14, I got a text message from him saying, oh, going to check out now is a great weekend.
Going to check out and see you later on.
Well, if the train is leaving at 11.40 and you're checking out of your hotel at 11.15,
which is a good 10 or 15 minute cab ride from the train station, how are you going to make it to the train on time?
Mm hmm.
Are you going to make it to the train at 11.30?
And you think you're going to make it to the train on time?
Well, you know, no.
Not everybody works in radio and is good at back timing is the rest of the time.
Right.
Well, to me, it's kind of hard.
Well, it come to find out that one of these Mexican young ladies, she had a little baby,
a two month old baby that she took on the train.
Now, what kind of a person takes a two month old infant on a five hour train ride anyhow?
Irresponsible people or Mexicans.
Now we're talking. Okay.
Oh, good. Good stuff is coming in here.
Keep those taxes coming, baby, because no, no, this is good.
Oh, I know.
So, anyway, to make a long story short, that's what it was, because I, when I got that first
message, it was 11.14 saying, we're just going to check out now, I'm thinking to myself,
hey, baby, you ain't going to make that training in it.
Luckily, though, there's another one of three something this afternoon, and it'll be, you know,
I have a nice long quiet afternoon.
It's just amazing to me.
Yeah.
And to come to find out, it was the chick with the baby, who had, she's the one that created the problem.
Sure.
I mean, they don't have to have babies to make it late for stuff, but it helps that they do.
Here's a, uh, facts from the Mimie Palm Tree guy.
An email.
It says, the dolphins broadcast with Jimmy Cifilis was weakest.
They tons of dead air, even with three men in the booth.
Cifilis is so slow and boring, you hear the crowd reaction.
And a minute later, Cifilis finally describes what happens, bring back Rick Weaver or at least Zimfer.
Kind of tough to bring back Rick Weaver from the dead, although it could be an improvement, though.
Yeah. Be a big improvement.
And he is on clear street right now.
And anyway, it says the highlight was during the locker room show.
It sounded like Joey Porter came over and confronted Manage for something that he said while Manage was still alive on the air.
I couldn't hear so well because I was in the car, but it sounded like Manage was scared and his voice was shaking.
I doubt that, sir.
Or maybe Joey Porter just told him, or repeated the organ of Michigan scoring to Manage's zero again.
Did he have a gun?
I don't know.
Joey's got a gun.
I heard that Joey's days were done.
I can't imagine Manage being scared of anybody.
That's the only one I can remember.
Probably a slight exaggeration.
He'll be on the way to a clock this afternoon to defend himself and to defend the defenseless, the University of Michigan, and the dolphins who are all in one.
And that'll be on at 430 with Joey Porter.
Really?
Yeah, I got the Joey Porter show today at 430.
Is Joey going to be doing live spots?
Maybe.
What do you mean they got the Joey Porter show?
Is it the power hour with Hank and the Mad Dog?
That's correct.
And I guess as part of that, they're going to have a lot of fun doing that.
Inside the power hour is the Joey Porter segment where Joey does a live spot and maybe Danny Boyne will come back on and do a live spot too.
And then maybe Joel Feinberg by that time will have himself a sponsor and he can call in and do a live spot.
He's too bored.
He is.
Didn't that tell you about him?
Was I exaggerating when I said he was the dullest person I ever spoken to in my life?
Dullard.
And to come on and say, well I've only think about sports, I don't know anything about radio.
Well, at least there was some honesty there.
I'll say that.
The Roman Catholic diocese of San Diego and San Bernardino announced this settlement Friday with 144 sexual abuse victims for a total of 198.1 million dollars.
Oh, right.
It's the second largest legal settlement made by diocese surrounding sexual abuse perpetrated by clergy since such scandals began erupting in the cat lecturing in 2002.
The Archdiocese of Los Angeles agreed last July to a settlement on 508 cases of sex abuse for a total of $660 million dollars.
A case in the San Diego settlement goes far back as 1938 to 93 with the majority occurring in the 60s and 70s.
Friday's agreement ends more than four years of negotiations in state and federal courts.
Hopefully the settlement will serve to begin a healing process, especially for the victims of abuse but also for the church San Diego Bishop Robert Brown said in the statement Friday.
The diocese of San Diego with nearly a million Catholic suckers, a million Catholics and holdings throughout San Diego filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the wake of the sexual abuse claims.
Sex abuse cases involving Roman Catholic priest of course the U.S. Church over $2.3 billion dollars since 1950 Court of Associated Press.
Now you guys could probably have a good time with that money.
Damn straight.
$2.3 billion dollars.
Just think of all the homeless people. Think of all the people who are starving to death.
Think of all the uneducated people, all the shlippers, all the getchkeys, all the desparados. Think of people whose lives aren't worth a penny.
And the Roman Catholic sex abuse case priest of cost just in the U.S. this is over $2.3 billion dollars.
I take it. Fair. I didn't tell you what a good week in a head of woodbind did I?
No you didn't. That must have been something.
Because I gave up woodbind for four days.
And then I went back on Friday and I was there for five minutes and I won $2,500.
You know what's really great on the wheel of fortune? And I'm addicted to that. I'll admit that.
I'm not an addictive gambler but I'm addicted to that game.
You know what I mean by that?
In other words if they took all the wheel of fortune out of woodbind I wouldn't go back.
I'm just not in all the other, especially the digital ones that you can't understand with a life. Have you ever seen those?
Yeah.
Where the lines go all over and you hit the button and it like, and you have no idea what you either won or didn't win.
It does make any sense.
But on the dollar and the $5 wheel of fortune,
when there are three spots on the, when you get a spin there, three spots on the wheel.
I know this is simulating but I got to tell you this.
And if you listen to the audio it's programmed in because when the spin comes up the computer already decided what it's going to pay you.
So the thing goes around around. That's just a dog and pony show.
That's just for the benefit of the player that gets you all excited.
Oh he's got a spin. Come on.
Thousand thousand. Come on.
Well before it gets on the dollar machine to $400,500 or a thousand or on the $5 machine to $2,000, $2,500 or $5 grand,
you can hear any audio and it starts screaming and you know what you're going to win.
It's going to stop on the big number.
You know what I mean?
Yep. I got it.
Have you heard it?
No.
Like on the TV show.
So I got two spins on the $5 machine.
I was there five minutes. The first one, two hundred bucks on the second one.
It's approaching $2,500 and it goes, and I went, and it was it.
Saturday I went back and in 10 minutes took me a little bit longer.
Ten minutes I won 1,500 on the dollar machine.
And you know what people are saying?
That bastard, you don't need the money you saw a bit.
And that's what people are saying.
That's saying, hey nice job Neil. Great.
And then yesterday I went back and I was there a whole hour and only one 500.
Holy.
That's what I'm saying.
What do you get spoiled? You know.
We got 1,027 people listening out there.
And the most interesting thing about this whole thing, even though it's not our target audience,
and we shouldn't really care, female under 18, we got 7 and male under 18 only 2.
How do you explain that?
In fact, females in this survey, we got about 9% of the audience according to this, is female.
Do you believe that?
I have to. Who would lie?
On a survey like this. I don't know.
I find that very bizarre because when in the arbitrage where the ratings come out,
you can't find the female audience and this show around his radio station with a search party,
compass and the eye and a magna vision reading glass.
Trust me, I organized that search party.
It's not the end find of note.
A United Methodist pastor with the Central Texas Annual Conference is facing charges of public ludeness
and accused of allegedly molesting a young adult man.
The Reverend James L. Finley, 68 pastor of First United Methodist Church,
in Ulyss, Texas was arrested December 1 after authority said he molested a 21-year-old man
and later recorded offering to perform sexual acts on the individual.
He was recorded offering to perform sex acts.
He was released from jail that evening and posted $1,000 bail.
If convicted, he faces a maximum of a year in jail of $4,000 fine as in...
Ball, where fine?
He was suspended from his ministry September 6th, the conference,
both women said, well, they should work awfully slow.
He was arrested December 1 and suspended September 6th.
Finley, pastor at First Church for four years,
was ordained in 64 transfer to the Central Texas Conference in 70.
You know how they keep moving them around?
Yep.
Finley was suspended for nine days in relief of all pastoral duties during that time
with the exception of a teen aptans class he teaches said Carolyn Stevens,
Associate Director for Mission Ministries and Director for Communications.
He's teaching teenagers about abstinence while he's molesting them.
While this guy was 21, not a teenager.
Does that make it okay?
Okay.
According to newspaper reports, Finley allegedly molested the man
at the man's apartment and the police were called after the man told police what had transpired.
The detectives had him telephone Finley to require about his actions.
And a recorded conversation, Finley allegedly argued to perform more sexual acts on the man,
including anal sex and oral stimulation on his...
Blackdome.
...anus.
Police arrested Finley September 1, a few blocks away from the man's apartment,
which he shares with his mother.
The man is mentally retarded.
And of course, he has to be to go to any of these churches.
The actual record of the biggest name has to go to next.
Two million people in the project.
It's God for Hell.
And when I'm up in Boca Tika's slapping all the women with painted lips around the pole,
I listen to the new Rogers 1-2-1.
I mean I listen to the new Rogers Aaron Balance 1-2-1.
Starting next week on 560 WQAM,
it's my three sport hold.
Starring Greg Reed as Uncle Greg,
Moe Havard David,
Geltie Gelders leaves,
and gay Carlo.
That's your true pleasure.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
I'm recessed.
Why?
What's going on here?
They're cheating me, Uncle Greg.
And I have a big day tonight.
All right, both of you.
Cut that out.
I want all you kids out of my kid.
Oh, I know.
Yo, Moe.
Yeah, boss.
Would you give me a haircut?
Sure.
Thanks.
Right there.
Yeah, I'm delivering this $50 million check to Mark Rocky Racty-Kick-E-Cold
and help put us out of business, you see.
What is out of business?
That don't make sense.
Well, life gets boring.
Oh, never mind.
Yeah, I know what I'm doing.
Now cut my hair.
Okay, boss.
And what's that noise?
That's a Geltie drowning in a bowl of soup.
Well, can he swim?
I let him die.
Hello.
What's this sticking out the side of my head?
That's your ear.
I could cut that off through if you like.
Yeah, that's it.
Yo, cut that out.
What have you say, pal?
No, that's it.
High three, score hold.
Only on 560 WQAF, your community might.
It's for Torjau.
All right.
202 at 560.
You got the last part of there, right?
No question about it.
We're proud of it.
Say it loud and say it proud.
We're a whorehouse.
We got a thousand fifty, ten fifty.
Chom Toronto or WHN in New York.
WMG and back in the day.
Guess what pull I'm going to do for tomorrow?
I don't know.
Can you believe I got to do a pull every day now?
I know.
I know this is going to come straight.
This is going to sound strange to you.
I don't really mind getting up every day and doing the show five days a week.
My initial thought was, oh no, after that great summer and only working two days a week, I don't mind.
And especially now that I came to my senses in the first two hours today.
It took me two hours.
So tomorrow's pull, and maybe you can help me with a list.
Now that Neal has killed the calls, which caller will you miss the most?
Okay.
All right.
That sounds good.
Yeah.
Wait a minute.
25 cent slot guy.
What about the S&P guy?
The S&P is up Neal.
The S&P is up that guy.
Is that a good way to put it?
So what I got is Reverend Jones Gilbert Eddie, the 25 cent slot guy or the S&P guy.
Don't forget Jesus Christ.
But he hasn't been, he didn't call today, but I'll put him on there.
But Jesus Christ guy.
Did he call you on Friday?
Jesus Christ.
Who is this?
You got to admit, you know, it has its moments.
Am I right?
Oh, yeah.
He has his moments.
Oh, you know who I lost out?
Chamba?
Oh, yeah.
Chamba, how do you spell it?
Oh, CHU MBA, why not?
I think it's Jamba.
How are you spell it?
J-A-M-B-A.
Or Jamba?
Yeah.
Is it Jamba Laya?
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
Yes.
He watts for.
Don't do it.
You have Training on that board?
Do it.
Yeah.
Maybe Oh, it doesn't matter.
That's scores.
where this is a draw by my friends.
I don't know.
I'm happy to see that.
Since Hours ure than Yes make him Spark.
He develops rubbers and Speed of an Eyes in the ground,
numbers, you're mailing it in, you're mailing it in, you're not doing it, you're
mailing it all the numbers, the poll number is the phone number, you won't hear the
phone numbers anymore. That's another thing I'm not going to miss, pump it no stupid
ass numbers. I've forgotten how annoying that is to me. Kill some good time though. In
fact, you know something, that's not a bad idea. I'm still going to pump the numbers,
I'm just not going to take any calls. Yeah, I can be devious in the sneaky just like
anybody else. It's a great idea. So Joey Porter had a fist fight with Mandage
yesterday in the locker room. Is that a rumor? Words? They didn't have a fist fight.
They really didn't have words? Oh yeah. And when what was it? Did you hear it? Yeah,
I heard it. And what happened? Mandage was doing the post game. So he's in the
locker room and he goes over to Joey Porter who's talking about reporters
and everybody and he asks him about why didn't you play it? You know, how did you
feel not being in the game and over time? Did he talk about or did he pocket? Yeah,
everyone. And I think we probably have the sound bite somewhere if they still kept it.
But, um, and three tells me, you know, yeah, well, you know, I wanted to be in there. It's
the first time I've never not been in there in a game. blah blah. But, you know, I guess
until I know the defense better, then I can't really say anything about it. So the
Mandage kind of walked away and said, you know, I understand you, I understand what this
guy's feeling like, you know, you always want to be in there when your guys are used to
making plays, you know, or something like that. Well, 10 minutes later, all of a sudden
Mandage is about to say something. You hear someone yelling at him just about. Really?
Yeah, and it's Joey Porter saying why you said they're saying that I didn't want to be
in there and I was happy not to be in there and over time. And he's like, did he talk
it or do I know what you're talking about? So, yeah. Yeah. So it was all pretty fun.
So, you find the audio at times there. How we ought to get the audio from that for Christ's
week. I like that. I just got a call there. That's why I was glad that you were talking,
by the way. We're taking the next train. Very good. We got a thousand fifty-five people
though on our survey and we better get to eleven hundred by two o'clock or I'm not coming
back tomorrow. I'm going to go to work for Joel Feinberg. You know something? And then
I've said this before and it's the truth. If he offered to double my salary and you know,
I'm making a few bucks. If he paid me double, I wouldn't work for him. Really? He's an idiot.
Oh, that would be different. No, no, I'm not saying I haven't. He's not just an idiot
like Fat Joe Bellas and idiot. He's just an annoying idiot. In other words, Astro Rose
about him. He'll tell you. Okay. See, you didn't believe me when I said, after a guy,
I mean, where's your rose going to go? He's got two stations of choose from, right? Right
in his market. To come back to work for us after the incredible crap that they put him
through. And you know what I'm talking about? The rise, the postpone meetings and the
missed meetings and all this other stuff. While Greg Reed and the beesleaves were negotiating
to put stern on here and pull a carpet out from under him. And he also wasn't getting
paid very often back in those days. He was belly-ick and he couldn't get paid by these cheap
ass banjo-picking bastards. For him to come back, you just know that going over there
would be like going from the frying pan into the into Hades, man, like the end of the
world. And how much worse could it possibly be? And obviously it's worse. And they got
Daniel Bastard. He's the only guy that got with any numbers over there. He's working
out since September 1 with no contract. Oh, here we go. Here's some more suggestions
for the callers. The guy with the eyes who did call today as a matter of fact with his
David Cassidy BS. Hey, guy with the eyes. Kenny.
You're fair. Greg from point on. I'm not putting him down. He's he's he by the way he tried
to get on my space again. Greg from Port St. Lucie. Guess what my answer was? No. And Andy
from Hollywood. Oh, this must be from them. It's from Andy. Oh, yes, from Andy Rubenstein.
I'll start to use your last name on here. Andy Rubenstein. We hate you. Don't you want
to say? Just just say who it is. Oh, it's Greg from Port St. Lucie. It's Andy from
Hollywood. And the squeeze each other. I can't say where? Filmmaker Michael Moore on Saturday
predicted a landslide victory for the Democrats in the 2008 presidential election, but it's
taking no chances rallying US levels in his latest documentary. The potential for a democratic
landslide is enormous. People do not want to vote for Republicans. He filled reporters
at the Toronto Film Festival premiere of his Captain Mike Across America. But the Democrats
are professionals at scoring things up. So nothing's in the bag, he said. This film is for
my few million fans and for the people who share my liberal politics to get fired up
and ready for the next election. I hope this film gives the choir to a song to sing because
we can't take four more years of the Republicans said Mike. More commented that Hillary Clinton's
vote in favor of the Iraq war, handpours are chances of beating Barack Obama in the upcoming
Democratic primaries. Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani's got a good chance of winning
the Republican ticket on his trumped up phony below any record of 9-11 and Michael Bloomberg
still sitting on the sidelines could be a spoiler, he said.
The follow-up to his hits Fair and High 9-11, bowling for Colin Bynan Sikko, chose the
Michigan native trying unsuccessfully to draw up support for the League of Democratic
candidate John Kerry in the run up to the 2004 election. But he can see that the report
is in Toronto, maybe he wasn't the best candidate. The US is a liberal country insisted the
majority of Americans are liberal, they hate that word and they'll never use it but if
he asked them, you think women should be paid the same as men, you think that we need
to solve weapon laws, you think the minimum wage should be raised, the majority of Americans
take a liberal position on every issue of sub-capital punishment.
But voters were simply not presented with a strong enough democratic candidate and
Kerry, he said. They didn't want to go into a polling both and vote for a we-ne for
a president, he said, how do you like that? They didn't want to vote for a we-ne.
I might vote for a we-ne. All depending on who was connected with.
Connected too, but not John Kerry, I wouldn't vote for his we-ne.
The documentary follows more going from stating to stating filled with the Doreen fans in
62 cities in the dying days of the 2004 presidential campaign, bashing US president Bush,
who would go on to win the contest and his lies to justify an unjust war in Iraq. More
offers are rousing defensive press freedoms while trashing and thrashing US media for
not asking enough tough questions going into Iraq or A-min.
Pearl James Eddie Vetter, Steve Arroll, raged against the machines Tom Morello and Joan
Baez break up the film of musical interludes.
Pops singer Kent Stevens who couldn't be here tonight because he found himself on a new
new US no-fly list after changing his name to UCF Islam got a nod as well.
So did the Vixie Chicks who were widely criticized and saw concerts take its cells plummet after
lead singer Natalie Means and saw that Bush and anger conservative American country music
no-speaking fans.
And more tussles with a handful of Republicans who ended as rough as his rathers including
a Christian student group that erupted in a loud prayer during a more speech behind the
scenes tightly kept security dangerous threats at Bay more said.
Tight security, what did I say?
Tight security kept dangerous threats at Bay.
But in taking a parting shot at his then-manessant Bush, the film ignores a vital point.
The Bush presidency is almost over and most pundits and polls agree a Democratic victory
is likely in the 2008 presidential election.
So why would more whose first documentary Roger and me won an audience award for best film
at the Toronto Film Festival 18 years ago launching his career as a crusader for the
distant franchise launched an anti-Bush film now?
Yes, I've run out of ideas more deadpan.
He's run out of ideas.
We got a 171-o there's the alien who was handed down.
Made progress with the exception of the national police.
I would like to take her by the hair and drag her up and down flagrestreet for about six
hours behind a pickup truck.
Decluded with a real mean pit bull in it, you know?
Men's in both their readiness.
Can you believe her?
I remember those hearings, those steroid hearings where she was going out about, we got
a street named after you Jose.
Oh Jose, and of course we thought Jose's book was a much alive.
But, I think it was the biggest name.
The best town ever.
I think it's no laughing.
Don't forget if it's funny.
Don't but like it.
He wants it on our air.
If it's funny.
Like the Hurricanes are pretty fun.
My name is Barry.
I sing like a fairy.
I write bad songs about romance.
While I'm wearing stand-ex pants, I'm trying to strip me.
My songs are wimpy.
I had a series of big hits.
But that was back in 76 now.
No one loves to hear.
They only laugh and sneer.
They won't admit it.
They own my albums.
But my songs are queer.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in my channel.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Of my notes you could fit half of the city of Atlanta.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
I've got a heart girl.
The size of your purse.
When I get a stump of notes, I be sad.
You know, hoes.
But now I'm on the case.
My life is back in place.
And so I'm singing again and sticky.
My snows in your face.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
My two fans both live in my channel.
Got a nose shake.
Like a banana.
Of my notes you could fit half of the city of Atlanta.
Oh.
I write the song.
Like a banana.
I've got another color.
Like a banana.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
I'm on the case.
Ryu.
What are you doing?
I'm doing you a good job tonight.
I think I was right now.
I think I was right now.
I think I was right now.
I'm all that we've written these things and it's true
It's true, I'm Michael Noan likes you
I'm Michael Noan likes you
You want to say I can't judge
So the actual forgiveness I understand
If I'm a Lord your name is Don'tin'
J.O. you will find no match
Oh yeah, your punishment should be severe
They should have you by your ears and it's true
It's true, it's Michael Noan likes you
Michael Noan likes you
It's true, Michael Noan likes you
I'm Michael Noan likes you
17, they'll do it 5,60 W.A.M
They sure did a good job without him yesterday
They thought it was 140 or nothing
Something like that Chris
Pretty life-sider, they have some real serious problems
They're kind of like the dolphins only, even worse, no offense
You can't complain about the dolphins offense
Because they haven't got any, oh sorry
You know why the dolphins are better?
Better than what Atlanta?
Yeah, because we got rid of Joey
Joey Porter?
Harrington
Joey Porter?
You're not going to do a Porter
He's going to come on air this afternoon and rip manage and ask if you keep that up
Oh, Joey Heatherden
Yeah, 11.13 on the survey and the survey says
We got a lot of, I don't know, we got something
We got at least 1113 people listening
Now what do you think would be
Wouldn't you think we ought to get to at least 2000 on air?
At least before I change the poll
I mean, I'm going to fax the one for tomorrow
Don't you like this poll about the colors that they're going to miss?
Oh, and what if we also had to put, they all suck
For something like that, I hate them all
No, because that's a cop out
No, it's not
No, that's not a cop out at all
What are you talking about? It's not like I hate this poll
I hate them all
I'm not going to miss any of them, are you going to miss any of them, George?
No
No
So they have to have somewhere to go so instead of I hate this poll, I hate them all
Like poison in which they would all croak
Which they would all drink the same wicked broth that the poison putting
It's a cool thing
Drink some cool thing with Jimmy Jones
Here's a hell of a guy for you
Member Jimmy Jones, time and time but what was that song?
You've got it, I bet, Jimmy Jones
That's it, that's it, that's it, that's it, that's the time and
Silly song
I like to be like a chicken neck, Bokka Brian, I'm gonna like get my brain trapped in the 50s.
That's definitely him.
I've got one Jimmy Jones song and it's not the one you're thinking about.
Oh, which one you got?
Handy man.
Handy man?
Yeah.
Sounds exactly the same.
Oh wait, I got a duet over here.
Yeah.
Maybe this is it.
Yeah, good timing.
Can we give it to Robert Mercy?
Well, excuse me.
I'll take the stick.
I'll take the stick.
I'll take the stick.
I'll take the stick.
I'll take the stick.
How can you beat that, huh?
Oh, you can't.
I mean, that ain't no really spheres.
Oh, you know, that's the problem.
That's why you didn't bring that up.
But what?
Her nursing performance.
The thing around me is that,
just a bit more.
They were embarrassing and humiliating and degrading that bitch.
You looked alright, but.
Her performance was grotesque.
Her, yeah.
The comment was on CNN.
They said she seemed like she wasn't even there.
Mm-hmm.
Kind of like, like that.
Like, she's not.
Well, she hasn't been all there for a long time.
And of course, that's what happens when you're
consorting in the confedulating and doing
hanky spanky with Kevin Feederline,
with Kay Fed.
I'm kind of Kay Fed up with Kay Fed myself.
I'm Fed up with all of them.
Lindsay Lohan on the whole bunch of them.
How about Hillary Duff?
At least she ain't getting like a,
and drunken, you know, she's on the rehab, right?
That's what we love.
Isn't she like clean-cutting a wholesome now?
Yeah.
And at least 13.
She's 1116 tallies on there.
Eight-year-hard-out, Joel Feiber.
You only wish that your mid-date show had 1100 people listening.
Hahaha.
Anyway, here's that article.
Mark Morford writes in the San Francisco Chronicle,
here is the sticky, irresistible question,
hovering like some sort of perky rainbow-covered cloud
over anyone who reads the news,
or pays attention to scandals, or the nifty bathroom hand signals,
of various seamen stains covering the pages
of the official GOP handbook,
like some sort of wretched, skanky, kandinsky painting.
Really, just how many closeted self-hating violently repressed,
I am not Kay, totally gay hypocrites are there
in a Republican party, or for that matter,
in your average board of gang Christian mega-church,
or in the US military, or in your morally righteous group's name here.
Ten percent of them 50, 104?
Because baby, it just keeps popping up.
Scandal actor, scandal, homophobic lawyer, actor, antigay,
preacher, actor, gay marriage, attacker, actor,
hooker-lovering family, vandors, adulter,
Bob Allen to Ted Haggard to Jim West to Glen Murphy,
junior David Dipperman, and Vitter.
So many examples of a militant, loudmouth Christian Republican
suddenly caught with his pants down around his boyfriend's ankles,
that after so many headlines,
the notion that these cases might be rare or exceptional,
simply vanishes, and you're left only with the undeniable fact that,
oh my god, the American right is simply teeming
with so much murky, pressure, croatomo, or reticism,
it might as well be young Republicans,
Kegred Markfoldis, Pink Miami Beach Condo.
Not exactly a revelation, I admit, as you already know,
and as any DC therapist or male prostitute,
or honest historian will happily remind you,
this is the way it's always been.
Incidents like Idaho Senator Larry Craigs,
toe tapping in the tea room merely reinforced
the great rule of conservative hypocrisy.
The louder and more self-righteous indignation
over a given moral issue, the more sure that you can be
that the screamer in question is simply oozing with repressed fantasy
or lust regarding that very issue,
and what's more is very likely acting on it right now
in a fetish dungeon brothel or bathroom stall near you.
Same as it ever was, absolutely.
Absolutely.
Maybe this then is the more interesting question,
how far back does it go?
How deep can you trace it?
To the very roots of humanity in itself.
Indeed, you need no microscope, no copy of the agony and ecstasy
to see the ocean of home-lary-rotic sexual repression
surrounding the very foundations of the conservative,
fundamentalist worldview, or the church itself
harkening back to all those early nasty poaps,
secretly married, secret adulterers,
secret flocks of new-bile boys at their disposal.
You need no Da Vinci code to tell you the religious rights,
internal repression of the feminine divine,
its deep fear of sex, its internal fascination
with a subtle flesh of young males.
He'll show me a vociferous anti-sex fundamentalist
of any religious or political bent,
be he Muslim, Christian, Jew, Mormon, Republican or other,
and I'll show you a slide show of his secret nighttime fantasies
so kinky and dark would make Jenna Jameson's shoulder,
and not in a good way.
In this slide, Larry Craig is merely caring on a proud
rather disgusting tradition among the morally rigid
and the sexually turgid.
He is but one at a long, long line of dangerous,
duplicitous credence who stabbed madly at the world
and worked like fervent demons to demonen others
because they can't stand the Roman repulsive reflection
in the mirror.
It's as if all the pedophilic priest and oligee evangelist
and the hooker loving cocaine-stording family values
GOP crusaders really want us to know that there are exit
there exists no bastion of stiff sanctimonious moral values
that is at nodded score corrupt and messy
and wrongheaded as the Taliban and the nudist colony.
Not our military, a massively warped organization,
apparently far more terrified of gays than of dropping its
inference barriers so dangerously low it makes good soldiers nervous,
not the seminary where the pitter-patter of young men
speak from bunk to bunk after lights out,
not the mega-churches where their deep eternal fetishistic
fascination with all things anal and perverted and hooker-rific and yummy.
And for the record no, liberals and democrats are far from immune
to this timeless rule, though the self-hating hypocrisy part
is largely muted by default.
It's equally true for any hardcore pita activist or earth-firster.
The more intolerant you become and the more fixture ideas
and how it's all supposed to work, the more likely the universal
simply laugh and smack you upside the head.
And secretly take your picture, licking your new-blood-their boots
or plotting the bombing of Afghanistan,
reading endangered baby seal-burger in your hammer
with a rifle on top of Bill Riley.
But one vital aspect of this otherwise typical gay Republican scandal
must be repeated merely for the record.
Truly no matter, and truly no one would give much of a damn
that Craig's as gay as a $3 bill and probably has been for
over 40 years now.
In fact, might even have been applauded had he come out
with anything resembling dignity or honesty,
where the man not a raging deceitful duplicitous fraud,
one who's intentionally and maliciously damaged lives,
restricted sexual progress and with his fellow homophobes in Congress
taking a rusty, serrated night to the dead,
the very fabric of human love.
Oh yes he has.
After all, this is the same sniveling Larry Craig,
who's nick of that Bill Clinton was a bad nasty naughty boy
during the Winske Gate, the same Craig who helped
to enact the military's brutal failed-don't-ass don't-tell policy,
which as slights William Sellett then points out
is a completely degrading sham.
The same Senator who voted for the defensive marriage acting
and its adding sexual orientation to the list of punishable hate crimes.
In fact, Craig's classic case of GOP or proocracy of the chasm
between his homophobic proper persona and his homeless
sexual personal lust is simply so blatant, so an idly grotesque,
he becomes a bizarre case study, a cultural,
something which I can't read, a deeply fascinating albeit
largely nauseating archetype full of obvious,
but still mandatory lessons for a saw.
But let us look now for just now, in the biggest one of all,
this particular lesson comes straight from the universe itself.
It flows from ebbs and floods all over time,
it wreaks of blood and sex and huge explosions of exotic flowers,
tell tales of history and warp leaders and sexual mayhem
going back in millennia.
In other words, the lesson as they say has seen it all.
It goes something like this.
Dear eternally baffled, totally horny humans.
You can only poison your own soul for so long.
You can only lie to yourself, your wife, your children,
the nation, your own miserable and intolerant genital.
Before the backlash, the recoil, the nasty acid reflux comes
right back up to bite your ass in the cold, cold bathroom stall of life.
Do you understand? Do you not yet see?
Do not at the peril of your very spirit.
At the risk of all that is beautiful and good and fluid and sexual
and wet and sticky and right-hold, so tightly, so violently,
your narrow views of sex and love and human behavior,
that when you're caught naked and shivering and salivating on your bed of nails,
doing exactly the things you're really professes to hate,
that your very soul explodes, the flowers wilt, the God's laugh,
and your hand at the tiny yellow ticket,
guaranteeing your return in their life as a small black cancerous lesion
on the underbelly of a hyena, okay?
Thus end the lesson.
The best talent here is your largest.
It's me!
My any talent here has five six o'er,
WQA.
The best talent you've ever had.
Put it in the racket to do what?
You've got a lot of work to do in the game.
Nothing?
Nobody cares about nothing.
Except for there's something really stupid out here.
Oh no!
The conflict should make you joking,
and now you've got nothing left to say,
but everything is...
You can't be bothered to make nothing.
You might learn something without you being a god of fear.
You'll keep the best you've been running.
Say the landing to Dummies,
the Christ of God, come out of me.
Look for the perfect administration
in the history of our nation,
which won't seem that easy.
That's the kind of information
that's for the nation,
who won't be much of a city.
We are spreading the concept of tootment
and we are carrying up the bill of rights.
Because we are telling Americans
that no matter what your business is,
you are subject to the undisciplined, irresponsible truth needs
of the Attorney General and others
without a court intervention.
I will view you when you're in their chains
or a father's suit to make the Neocontizing King.
To those betrayed who will be their cover.
When you don't get out of the house,
they come for you eventually.
I'm dying on the head.
Bye bye bye!
