Why the youth rest in?
Tatters of victory, warm and warm on man.
You have come and done long running, concentration has.
You replace the fortune, and you sing of the breath.
With the better way to remain, torture and sad.
Encoring Iraq because we hate them.
For something that we know they did not do.
Push up our authority on humation.
Yes.
Now we're all screwed.
That's a good thing.
And as garbage feed, let's not read a frame.
And while I let you fight for my two-day thing.
And those they get amazed, slack them in a pile.
Here's a code I call an insane smile.
Over and sweet all that's great, but far and fresh.
In rest they know a trolley team for child.
Wish we'd like the first to only follow shorter.
Look what we've become.
Oh, China is from Hensky.
They lay back full-dye.
That's in her black rubber on a lottery die.
Look at whatever happened to hold back Janus Kerr-Fensvian.
Hmm, boy this is a good stuff.
The bacon.
How was it?
Was it bacon yesterday?
Was it a day before?
I forget.
I think it was wasn't.
I was just talking out loud.
I wasn't expecting an answer.
By the way, Georgia's on vacation next week.
So the guy that's all distraught out there, the queen that's got the hot-sword, Josh Cordis.
That's the good news for him is Josh will be on all week next week.
Right.
Chip Friday.
Oh, he'll have to be, uh...
No, I guess that's right. Friday.
Nevermind.
That's right.
That's right.
Oh, man.
That's a great part.
God, all might be.
This could be a long day.
We had no ball game today.
They have to put the griddles.
Oh, ready to lose.
I started to say the good news is the regular season starts on Monday.
Marlins anyway.
I guess what's happening Monday and Wednesday next week.
All right.
Holy moly rat man.
And of course, it won't be nearly as bad as those exhibitionist games because these being regular season games.
Wouldn't you think that there would be a few people actually care might be listening?
Not third man.
Although, it'd probably be on television, I would imagine.
Wouldn't they, Chris, every on TV?
Yeah, they should be.
See, that's another thing.
When you've got, when you're preempted for ball games that are not only very low interest to begin with,
but then they're also on TV for free at the same time.
I mean, that's like, uh, just shutting you off into the opposition.
Position.
But do I really care?
No.
That'll give me Wednesday like extra time for woodbine.
Hmm.
For all 30, no less.
See, at 1250 crap, that's okay during the exhibitionist season, but during the regular season,
we're going to have a nice long pre-game show.
Half an hour before the game.
Get a lot of spots in there to try to get back some of that money that they lose in the Marlins every year.
They lose their ass on the Marlins.
Just ask them and they'll say, well, they might lie about it.
They'll lose their ass on the Marlins.
And I'm still waiting to hear about the adults in the situation.
Maybe Bill Campro will tell us about that situation.
What do you think?
Maybe?
We have some other very jackass this morning.
He didn't have nothing to say of any interest.
Hey, Barry, you are just ridiculous.
And I don't think Miss Sarni works at the Sunsettle anymore.
You know that Bufo Togey, Miss Sarni?
Because if you Google in the Sunsettle website, it's like, who are you talking about?
That big ol' fat turd that used to work here?
Right all that swill on Friday?
I guess there's just not much going on anyway in the radio business.
Certainly not much going on on this one.
I'll say that.
Okay, let's take a look at, oh, first of all, speaking of radio business,
Kelly Craig.
We always love Kelly, even though she's speaking of Bufo.
Maybe that's why they put around to replace Jim DeFetus while he's on vacation.
I didn't realize that that slot had a size requirement.
It's a size requirement, so maybe the Humper is going to be filling in for DeFetus's next vacation.
Somebody who can not just fill his shoes but fill his chair.
That's terrible to say, because you know, a lot of us have a weight problem.
I'm a fat man.
I'm back in the mid-18s again.
I was right on the verge of 170s, huh?
You're a bad boy.
Now I am a heavy, a bad boy.
It's your fault.
It's all the damn ice cream.
Yeah.
You're the one with that ice cream fixation.
I listen.
Do I deny it?
No.
There's two things in my life that I'm addicted to.
I mean, obsessively, ice cream and hot young guys.
Those two things.
Other than that, you know, I could live without most of everything else.
So anyway, Kelly, a Craig, was filling in for Jim DeFetus on I and Z this morning.
Corned Judy.
And Judy says she credits you for saving her job back in 1993.
After she got fired, they re-hired her because of audience reaction.
I only cut the last half of her hour, but she was pretty good said, Judy.
I thought you might enjoy this tinkle this morning.
Well, I've had a lot of tinkering this morning.
Thank the Lord.
Everybody's tinkering all over me.
Thank you very much for all the tinkels.
Okay?
I'm going to go get a towel.
I love it when it's like that.
Everybody's tinkering all over the place.
So thank you, Kelly.
Craig, was that nice?
I saved her job.
I recall that at all of you.
93.
14 years ago.
A lot of it over here.
Huh?
There's a lot of it over here.
No.
I remember when Bob, we were used to be on here.
Uh-huh.
Didn't we tell that?
I think he did.
Oh, no.
Well, I forgot.
Me too.
We were the weatherman.
He was a good guy.
He was a big fan of mine too.
He was a great guy.
Yes.
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good.
Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good.
We'll see the bacon.
It's not good for me to be eating on here.
And I'm doing a coast Chris' back today.
Yeah, it's all my fault.
Yeah, well, you're the eating guy, you know?
You're the food man.
Things are going really well on a rack.
Forget about a rain and no stupid brits for crying out loud.
Although I saw the picture that they showed this morning.
I know it's one of the British guys looked pretty good.
Most of the brits are nasty.
I think they've got rotten teeth.
and they stink like hell and they just, you know,
but every now and then when you find a really good looking bread,
I don't know if there are any good looking British women.
Are there?
Sure.
There are.
I never seen any.
They all look really dikey like school marms to me.
They're how looking British women?
Yeah.
I just have to think of some.
OK, now keep thinking.
Go tell me Diana.
Why would I say that?
Well, minimal weakness.
No.
No, the best suicide bomber struck him predominantly.
She had markets in Baghdad and in a town north of the capital,
killing at least 104 people and wounding the scorers yesterday.
The day that new US ambassador Ryan Crocker took office.
I wonder if he's kid to Betty, you think?
If he's kid to Betty Crocker or Altacrocker,
two of these suicide bombers struck a market in the shop.
Well, I don't want to go fill the details.
OK, there's a lot of dead people over there.
That's what it boils down to.
Well, don't be tearing that story up on the air.
Neely got to get a shredder.
Yeah, shred this.
Oh, shredded wheat.
What about it?
Talk about people being led by the nose.
I've mentioned this before, but hasn't been recently enough.
The idea that you're supposed to eat
in certain kinds of foods in the morning for breakfast?
It's just insanity.
Yes.
Of all the drugs that I get.
And else is just about business.
That's all just another way to try to get you to buy cereal
and flapjacks and what else do they have?
Waffles, all that stuff.
Well, what's the logic in that?
Why can't you sit down and have a nice juicy steak?
That's 730, what's wrong with the eggs?
Yeah.
What do you need the eggs for?
What do you need the eggs for?
Because that's the thing.
I had that problem too.
And especially why is breakfast food
all this heavy stuff all the time?
Yeah, you're supposed to get ready for the rest of the day.
I know.
Not feel logy, you know?
Exactly.
That's the word we don't use on the logy.
I wonder how you spell that.
You think it's L-O-G-Y?
I bet you have never seen that word in print.
And that's the word that almost nobody else says.
You ever heard that word?
Chris, logy?
No, sir.
Loogie, you heard that.
Definitely.
But not logy.
Feeling loggy is like, you know, like you got no energy
and you're like, all ready to pass out.
And that's what happens after you do big meal.
Because your body is overwhelmed, overloaded.
I don't know what all of us find carbohydrates.
I'm like this bacon, which is about no carbs.
No so much energy I got.
Mm-hmm.
And I've never been able to keep eating it.
Throughout the poll yesterday, how do marlins do you stay?
Any interest?
Anybody paying the attention?
Anybody cared?
Not me.
Well, if I find myself watching baseball, at that point,
I'm jumping out the window.
Because that's the point I'm going to know that my life isn't worth
a dime when I start watching baseball.
Not that I didn't watch a lot of it as a kid, but then again,
I was young and foolish.
But Jesus, God, all might talk about it.
Boring.
And then this morning on the morning show,
they were talking about rastlin.
Sorry, Brandon.
When we started talking about wrestling on a station,
then you know we've hit rock bottom.
Here's the poll from yesterday.
When Neil show ends early because of Marlins baseball,
I, 1396 votes.
I turn off my radio channels, five for Neil's next show,
474.
34%.
Hmm, that's over a turd.
Smash my radio with a hammer.
141.
That's not very nice.
I hate this poll.
134.
It's nine and a half percent.
That count when zooming up there.
Well, that's the discontent that we got out of the audience
after we put the ball game on yesterday.
Didn't bother me though.
I went out and got more ice cream.
You got to, you know something?
You got to stop me from doing this.
Stop it.
Call him.
That's a higher like a monitor to follow you around,
to stalk you.
Jump out of the bushes and smack you.
Oh, I might enjoy that.
When Neil show ends early because of Marlins baseball,
I switched to the sports hole station across the street,
122.
Oh, no, not that.
That's really desperate.
Listen, every second of the baseball broadcast,
117.9%.
Well, that leaves like 92%.
Pray that the Marlins die slow and painful death.
That is definitely not very nice.
9.9%.
7% of this audience hateful, rotten, nasty.
Read the Bible, 76.
You better get right with the Lord, man,
before it's too late.
Get right with the Lord.
Read the good book.
And then you can wipe your ass with those pages
after you're done.
Because that's about all it's good for all the things.
Probably runs real bad.
Have you ever noticed that in all the Bibles?
No, I haven't.
Yeah, well, take a look at it.
Next time you read one, you hear them bastard.
Really?
The ink runs a lot.
I don't know what that is.
Keep Bible, that's what that is.
Sin in the dark room in Poult 70.
What if you're sitting in the dark room reading the Bible?
I would be good.
Listen to rush 56.
Well, listen to magic 47.
Take an absence.
I'm usually exhausted.
F and Neil show anyway.
As God.
But third, man, play my best at Neil CD 17.
Work on my fantasy league roster 10.
And listen to power.
Solomon, they know, maybe.
Boy, Ohtun, no, no, no, no,
you're not tired, right?
Right, Chi, Udichi, Dodichi, Kamotama.
Let's throw our numbers and it's tight in this funnier old, baby.
Let us jump in linguistic on this show.
Start making this educational instead of just some kind of a Slav show.
Only Slavs eat bacon on the air.
We're having a big news conference about the pet food.
We call it, don't eat it.
And all your people out there don't eat any pet food.
And if you got any of that, you're really suspicious about feed-to-nabors cat.
Let's see, our buddies, this girl put a cute thing on there posted on our
high space.
There's a dead cat in the road and somebody put up a cardboard sign, free cat.
Next to the dead cat in the road, that's bad.
Wouldn't that bad?
That's bad.
It's a skull, but excellent.
Well, this is a dog lover.
That's always a good guy.
Among other reasons I'm sure.
We had 801 on the pool today.
Chris can sit back fat and sassy in his chair.
Now you okay today?
I'm doing better, yeah.
What do you got?
Crud?
I don't know, but I was taking a lot of choices yesterday.
Well, we don't want to go out.
I'm sitting here eating bacon and you were going to get me into your bowl rundown from
yesterday.
I don't want to go through that.
You didn't say it looked like bacon.
Oh, brother.
Exotic am I need beach?
The sexiest event on the East Coast is back again today.
At the Miami Beach Convention Center, it goes on all weekend through Sunday April 1.
Isn't Sunday April 1?
Yes, it is.
And you're invited, presented by hotmoobies.com.
Exotic will again have the biggest names in the industry on hand, taking pictures and
signing autographs.
Don't list the chance to meet Jenna Jameson.
Maybe you can get a little feel there, a little something.
Terrapackery, Jessica Drake and wicked pictures, Ron Jeremy and Jenna Hayes, just to name
a few.
In fact, the rumor was, Ron Jeremy was over power.
He's in the building.
Was he in there earlier?
No, he was not in here.
I thought you told me he was in a building.
No, he was in the building.
He didn't come in here in these studios here.
I didn't say anything about it in the studios.
I said, was he in the building?
Boy, you're all your way out.
Okay, man.
You're a mile off.
That's what Friday you bestons.
10-19 at 5-60.
Okay, well, that was the bacon.
Now we can get the show going.
Okay, that business of eating on the ear and that whole ice cream business, that has to
stop right now.
Okay, yeah.
Right this second.
Like this person faxing needs to stop right now.
This 20-18-1.
A citizen's alert with a form that you got to fill out trying the second time to get it
through.
Stop.
Citizens alert about what?
I saw.
Oh, did you know that the government is doing some stuff that might not be in your best
interest and you should fill out this form?
Wow.
Is there any audience out there?
This is a radio show.
Okay, it's entertainment.
I'm a clown.
I'm a goofball.
I'm an old fag.
Okay, stop at the baloney.
Stop what's in it.
All this boring garbage.
Go back to the days of W. Snow.
Right, right.
That's right.
Take all that crap and shove it.
Nice.
Right.
821 votes in a pool.
Yeah, I get to like that guy to call to whatever day it was.
I was taking calls when I was like being stupid, taking calls.
Well, you know, Neil, your show is so important and up about all these right.
Wingers on the air and you're the only one.
Yeah, right.
Give me a break.
We did please.
It was a good poll.
Let's see how many people hated.
It's still too many.
I enjoy it most when Neil gets blank intensive.
Politics 289 or as Chris Matthews would say politics, politics with a W.
You.
Politics.
Here's a guy that can't speak.
That seems to be like a par for the course on TV like Tom Broca and Bob.
All these people that have speech quarrels that they can't speak properly.
Let's put them on the air.
It certainly works a few.
I mean, let's not forget him.
Oh, yeah.
Well, it's in the bag.
Politics 289, religion 177.
Gosh dang it.
All your religious nuts, man.
You fools.
How many times have I told you believe I am, of course, you can't say that now because
it's coming up on Pesach and Easter, man, on these holy days.
On the last supper, the last satar, man.
I wonder who has managed shepherds that Jesus was drinking.
You think so?
Man of shepherds are Logan David.
Maybe that's the poll for one day next week.
Or maybe it was Grandma Boone.
Hey, you don't have to choose.
Maybe Jesus was a shlipper.
Maybe he could only afford Grandma Boone.
Religion 178.
Station Management 126.
Not today.
What's the use?
You know, that's going to get really ponderous.
They are what they are.
They are incompetent.
They are idiots.
They are fools.
They don't give a crap about lifting a finger to do anything for us.
That's just the way it is.
Joe lifted an arm.
He opened the door and waved to me today.
Did he read in Joe's?
He lifted the door and opened his arm?
Something like that, yeah.
Did he squat and cut one in the middle of my toe?
No, no, he just waved.
I'm surprised he didn't bend over and give you a little gas.
He reminds me of Jolly Joe.
That's why they call him Jolly Joe.
Got a little bomb in the door and then run for it.
You know, station Management 126.
And then it's way down after that.
I enjoy most when Neil gets sex intensive 48.
I enjoy that the most.
I'm not talking about on the year.
I'm just talking about like in real life.
Sex intensive.
Let me go out and find somebody right now.
Food intensive 47.
See there we go with the ice cream again.
I mean, don't get me wrong.
I love talking about food and restaurants.
That thing on Tuesday was sensational.
Wouldn't it good?
Yes it was.
But nevertheless, it gets me going.
I hate this 446.5% ratings 41.
Don't forget Monday April 9.
8.
Tuesday April 9.
Trying to figure out what day the week it is.
Tuesday April 9.
And you'll have to handle that because I'll be on vacation.
Yeah.
One night I want to be across the pond.
I want to be over there with civilized people in Europe.
Well, say that you're a trash.
Is the audience causing what?
Well, say them for you.
Save the ratings for when I come back.
If I decide to come back.
I'll tell you one thing.
If I went to Berlin.
Well, I mean, it's just talking nonsense.
You know what I was going to say.
No.
What?
I'm not going to say it.
Come on now.
I enjoy it most when you get hockey intensive 34.
But that's pretty weak.
And you want to know what's in the last place,
way down on the bottom.
My space intensive only 16.
Less than half of hockey.
And we know they hate hockey like poison.
832 votes.
I enjoy it most when you get my space intensive only 16.
1.9%.
So that means they just hate it.
And that's because most of the people aren't on my space.
Too bad for you.
There's some really nifty people on there.
Some great people.
And then there's some game players.
And some idiots and some goofballs, you know.
And the reason that I'm not happy with that
is because we have 1292 friends in my space.
And I was hoping that today we need only 8 more for 1300.
Wouldn't that be lucky?
OK.
You don't think?
I like 13.
No, but I'm serious.
Wouldn't know.
Well, I'm going to want to get into that.
But when you think of 13, it will be a good number
to get to by the end of the day.
We've got almost 3 1-1-1-1-1-2 hours to do it.
We have no ball game.
I think we can do it.
We have Mad Dog at 2.
Come on, we need 8 more friends.
OK, go out there and fight us some new friends.
I'm speaking of friends, my buddy.
I mentioned it on the area stage.
Just like the thing on Sunday when I came in.
I was feeling a little bit depressed.
Why don't I jump off the balcony?
I set a couple of messages out there to people I hadn't heard
from in a long time.
Zisco and the Jessie.
And before we know it, they were online.
They were on my mind space in your face and up your place.
And the same thing yesterday, I mentioned Mike from FSU,
who's a fine gentleman.
Mike is 20.
He went to a Cooper city.
Yeah, was Cooper city.
I do believe.
But anyway, he's an FSU.
So anyway, yesterday afternoon, late afternoon,
I look on there and here's a message from my buddy Mike.
And I notice Mike's pictures on there.
He puts a new picture on there.
And Mike, you look OK to me.
You're a good man.
It's got a croissant.
Of course, he's got every picture he's got some hot chicken
is all of it.
That's the way it is.
That's the way it is in this world.
All of us fags.
We get obsessed and we get all whipped up about these hot young
guys.
And then there's always some hot chickadee.
It's like when you're walking in the mall,
it happens to me all the time.
You're walking in the Eaton Center and wandering around.
The probably on the way to Basque and Robinson
and more damn ice cream.
And I'll see some really amazing looking young guy.
And I'll like 1920, that perfect, wonderful age,
you know, legal and stuff like that.
And then all of a sudden, I'll see, oh, jeez,
he's got some really a skanky chick or even some hot
chickadee.
I'm worth doing this is a making.
840 votes on the pool.
I enjoy it most when Neil gets blank.
My space intensive.
Well, we'll get it.
We'll get our 13th ever by the end of the day.
I'm Confidence is a mediocre.
Al Goldstein is, they want to hear about politics.
They couldn't get a much more important story than this.
Al Goldstein is running for president.
You know, he ran for sheriff.
Couldn't do it.
He ran for his life.
And then of course, they destroyed him.
They sent him to a rikers island, wasn't it?
Somewhere just destroyed his ass.
He lost his house.
He lost his fat.
He lost everything he had.
I'm a fat Jew.
Used to be.
So anyway, that's a good story there.
Al Goldstein announces the 2008 presidential candidacy.
I'm for Al, baby.
Barack Obama number one in Al Goldstein.
Wouldn't that be something a dark guy and a Jew?
That'd be a good guy.
Yeah, it would be a lovely ticket.
We got a guy with an IQ larger than his thumb.
That's Barack Obama.
And we got a guy that wants everybody
to get in the late 100 times at an SL Goldstein.
What's that to like?
In between feedings, of course.
When I went to his apartment, I told him about the apartment
I Amsterdam about what a mess it was.
And they were just crap all over the floors
and cassette tapes and video tapes.
It's like walking through a minefield in there.
You could barely even move around.
But in a refrigerator, he had been in juries.
Yeah.
The important things.
That's right.
You can always tell a discriminating guy.
But there might be.
And if I don't think there was anything else in the refrigerator,
just tubs and tubs of venejuries.
Friday, you bastard.
A wife left town without banana.
Love, a rotten deal.
Found that young devil hiding in her purse.
He's cold and he's hard, but he's got a few.
I hope it never happens to you.
Some fruit breaks your marriage into.
A wife left town without banana.
My baby should've been away.
Oh, a wife left town without banana.
I'm a jealous man.
She found a six-inch Latin lover.
Now she does the thing over her right hand.
And right now I could just die.
He's eaten my banana cream pie.
My wife left town without banana.
My baby's slipping.
My baby's slipping.
My baby's slipping away.
Banana cream pie.
See, it's all around me.
And then I got branded on here right in me
about a friend who used to have a chocolate milkshake every day.
And now the guy is dead.
We ever like inspired to go and get one of those.
Even buy them in the store.
Those melted milkshake maker.
Like they have any old soda phones.
Like the kit or the substance,
which one are you talking about?
Like the little blending machine thing?
The machine, mine.
Yeah, I've seen them around.
Yeah, that would destroy my life.
Jesus, God, and you can go out and get like melted milk balls
and stuff.
Oh, I think you love to put them in there.
Yeah, that's all we need.
And that thing about banana cream pie.
But that's one of my favorites.
I think the only solution is just to stop eating.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
Do you think that could sell my problem?
Yeah. Just stop eating, period.
Just take a vitamin.
Yeah, just take a big pill, man.
Get like a lump in your throat, like that.
Al Goldstein, speaking of fat boy, he used to be gigantic.
I bet you weighs about 40 pounds now, four hours.
Screw magazine founder, Al Goldstein has announced his 2008
candidacy for president of the USA.
He might have a little bit of problem in New York.
You want to know why?
Why?
I hate the Irish.
A lot of Irishmen in New York.
I think American people want honesty in the candidate Goldstein said
when I'm going to screw you, you'll know it.
Just three years ago, Goldstein was destitute and homeless
to controversial porn pioneer, chronicle his fall from grace
and his recent autobiography, Eye Goldstein.
Today at 71, he lives on Social Security
and writes a popular blog sponsored by Adult Search Engine, BOOBLE.
Al Goldstein's national treasure said,
BOOBLE's Bob Smart Goldstein's campaign manager
as the world's dirtiest old man, Al has something to say about
the world he helped create, and we Americans have a duty to listen.
Goldstein has launched his campaign with a series of video clips
on his website, goldsteen08.com.
In which the 71-year-old addresses top is including racism,
gay marriage, and the internet.
Goldstein also takes aim at George W. Bush, a liar,
former cocaine user who sent thousands of Americans to die for nothing.
Hillary Clinton, a fire plug with legs, a moralizing no matter
than Bush, and Barack Obama, he's unelectable,
no one can even pronounce his name, Cizell.
A Korean War veteran Goldstein received his degree in English
from PACE University, founded Screw Magazine in the South of 68,
within two years Goldstein was arrested 17 times for obscenity.
A stellar magazine's reputation as a champion for the first amendment,
in 1976 he created and launched Midnight Blue,
which became the most popular public-assessed cable show in New York
by featuring porn stars, converting with Goldstein and celebrity guests.
I had everything Goldstein wrote on his new website,
11 million dollars, wives, girlfriends, everyone loved me,
but I lost it all because of my flaws, which are too many.
Until recently I was homeless.
I'm coming to you today and I'm full of regrets and great memories
of humble human being who's here to tell you that the meaning of life
can be found in pot and cunnelingus.
You didn't hear me say that, but what?
Exactly. According to a press release, Goldstein was driven
to the clearist candidate.
What's the new story for Christ's sakes for crying out loud?
According to a press release, he was driven to declare his candidacy
by his dedication to the first amendment
with the New Yorkers' rage at Republican anti-sex pro-war policies.
Goldstein hopes his candidacy will attract sponsors to pay him
and groupies to pleasure him in the release today.
Good luck.
Although Goldstein is running as a Democrat,
smart city may change his affiliation to independent.
Without another sponsor, we can't afford to travel out
of irrelevant campaign stops in New Hampshire, Iowa, and California.
So instead have to wage an independent campaign focused on the Internet radio
and the big porn shows where else most likely voters will congregate.
I'm the 75th running mate, Goldstein and I really want to find a girlfriend.
I haven't been laid in over two years.
I pay forward if I could afford it instead of willing to trade sex
for the vice presidency, he said.
Goldstein emphasized that his candidacy is not a joke,
despite the irreverent nature of his campaign.
I hope to be funny without being a joke, he said,
my whole life has led me to this moment.
I only want to make people smile and maybe think a little bit before they vote.
There you go, welcome to do you know.
He can be the head of our sexual bob coonst of the sex world.
I wonder what ever happened to bob coonst.
I don't want to know.
Never him?
Yeah, I do.
I really don't want to know either.
Oh look at that.
None claims that she was cured of a disease after praying to the pope.
There she is.
Of course, I did.
Could have fooled me, man.
Looks like he's got some really bad.
I'm sorry, in public for the first time today.
She looks like a guy.
He's got a punzy.
It's just a really solemn year.
I was with myer John Paul.
I was 17 years old.
Yeah, I had a meeting here talking kaka again, talking nonsense, talking bioni baby,
you're bioni.
874 votes on the poll and guess what?
I checked on the Myspace page during last break.
You know how many new friends we got?
Oh!
None.
I think we maxed out on I think 12, 9, and 12.
And let me also say this to you.
We can have way over 1300 if I wasn't starting to be just a little bit picky, you know.
Right?
For example, yesterday they seemed to come like in groups.
Like there was a while where we were getting all the hookers that were on their way.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And now, and then we had the ones that are trying to, oh, I can get a free watch and a free PS3 if I you just decide I've it.
No.
And then we had a whole bunch of me and stay with that same kind of stuff.
They can get a free or something or other if you just agree for a friend.
And there are all these profiles with no picture, no friends, no nothing.
Just they want you to approve them as a friend so that, you know, they can get a time x watch or some crap like that.
And I don't want to prove those people.
I ain't going to do it.
It would be a cheap way to get a whole bunch more people on it.
Well, what how useful is that?
What's the point?
What's the point?
You can do it!
I enjoy it.
No, I don't think so.
I don't think there's any more.
I mean, you know, we start with zero.
We start with no new people on there when we need eight.
My God, that should be, well, I think we maxed out.
And like Miguel admitted yesterday, you weren't here, Chris.
But Miguel was like waxing and very enthusiastic about our progress on there.
What is that?
I said when we first put it on there, we was hoping eventually maybe someday we'd get to a thousand.
And here we are on the verge of 1300 on this old, funny, dirty station, man.
On this scratchy old AM station.
How do you like that?
Although, you know, something I had a, I had an email speaking to my space this morning from a guy who's got HD radio.
Yeah.
And he said it never, it just sounds unbelievable on HD.
It's HD, whatever we are, QAM.
We should play more music.
It sounds so good.
Oh, that sounds really sensational.
Nice.
I don't have any, I don't have any cue up at the moment.
Yeah, if it sounds so good for the three people out there that own an HD radio, who the hell is going to go buy an HD radio for what?
For what other, other than of course to hear the show, but what else is there?
That's the second play dialogue by Chicago.
That would tell some really good time.
I love that.
But I'm not going to do it.
It was something good in HD though.
Mm-hmm.
8802, there's the old Pope.
Now that was the old, the shoe is cured by the intercession of Pope John Paul II.
He probably, uh, poked her with his red shoes.
Those cute little red shoes he had on when he were slept in him around there in the Vatican.
He poked her?
He poked her, yeah.
She hopes he got poked.
I enjoy most when Neil gets blank intensive politics 307, baby.
Let's get on the Al Goldstein bandwagon.
Religion 191.
For all you getchkeys out there, all you silly people that won't think for yourself that haven't got a brain.
That just were told a lot of crap when you were a child and you're too stupid and too lazy to realize what a bunch of garbage it is.
And you keep subsidizing it too, that's the worst part.
Wouldn't bother me if you believe it, but you keep subsidizing it.
And using it, of course, to excuse your ignorance and bigotry and, uh, grotesqueness.
I enjoy most when you'll get station management intensive 140, not today.
I mean, I could, but what's the use of just a waste of time?
I don't want to waste my energy on jolly Joe and on the beeslees.
Although tomorrow is the 15th anniversary of deliverance.
That can't be right.
Is it really?
50?
30?
Yeah, not out of the sudden.
Somebody sent me something about that too.
Who cares?
25 at least.
25, 35.
I hate this full 51 5.7%.
I enjoy most when Neil gets food intensive 50 because if he gets food intensive, we know he's going to go out and start eating like crazy.
And maybe he'll croak and then we can dance on his grave.
Sex intensive 50.
Ratings intensive 44, hockey intensive 35, and my space intensive only 16 out of 890 votes.
So we're doing fine on the votes, but those other eight people we need real people on my space and I could have.
I think there's any chance whatsoever.
No.
I mean, first of all, how would it happen?
Word of mouth.
Word of mouth.
People making sounds with their mouth.
Oh, that could be the new format for us.
Maybe on the morning.
But it was.
We got mad dog in two this afternoon.
The power hour with mad dog in the Humper together 4 to 5.
5 to 7.
It's Hank at Gulfstream.
Punging is guts out.
7 o'clock Panther preview.
Panthers in the capitals at 7.30 tonight.
And then a game night with Jesse Ager at Tillman and I when we basically sign off the new transmit or maintenance with the SP and radio.
Meal.
Yeah.
And who may I ask as the father?
Haven't been dead for a long, long time.
There's no circus here, my friend.
People are standing in line.
Well, when you keep the bucket, a Howard and Larry cry.
I think we all handle themselves pretty well.
I'm going to get daily lin, even though I would try.
There's a funky ride like the old west.
Gonna do a bunch of tests to find out who's the fuck.
I'm gonna redo this.
It's crazy.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
I'm gonna do it.
1046, 14, before 11 at 5.60 WDQ.
I'm happy Friday.
March 30th.
It's our last March show.
Next time we come out.
No fool.
It'll be April on Monday.
Although Georgia will be on vacation.
So like next time you come out, it'll be later than you think.
Right.
And you realize, speaking later than you think, you do realize that like I think June 16 is about to date.
Something like that.
16th, 18th from my June vacation.
And of course once that vacation is over, then I come back.
And it's back to our summer schedule.
I was thinking I would out loud.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
That's right.
That's right.
That's all right.
I found that.
Show me where it was.
That was very nice.
Yeah.
When you get to that time of year, when you're only working Tuesdays and Thursdays in the last half of June,
in all of July and all of August and then a part of September, like half of September,
that's a pretty good scam.
Then it makes it worthwhile.
When you get those big fat paychecks, you realize that you're barely even working at all.
Hmm.
Maybe I'll find me like an apartment in Berlin and broadcast from there a couple days a week.
What do you think?
All right.
First I could be pretty busy and ever know.
Ask me how many new friends we have on our MySpace page.
Oh!
I told you that's, you know, it's just, it's not like the thing with votes on the poll.
Anybody's got a computer can vote on a poll.
But on a MySpace thing, we have 1292, including, you know, some who probably don't even really exist, but nevertheless.
Contrary to his public statements, Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez was deeply involved in the firing of eight federal federal prosecutors,
his former top eight state yesterday, ending up the final decision on who was to be dismissed, was made by Gonzalez and President Bush's former counsel.
I don't think the Attorney General statement that he was not involved in any discussions with the U.S. Attorney,
removals was accurate, Kyle Sampson, who quoted this month as Gonzalez Chief of Staff,
fully Senate Judiciary Committee.
I remember discussing with him this process of asking certain U.S. attorneys to resign.
Responding to questions from Representative Sheldon Whitehouse, Sampson rejected the notion that this missile was reordered by young,
experienced justice Department officials, the decision makers in this case were the Attorney General and the Council of the President,
told the Judiciary Committee.
I know this made staff recommendations that they were proven to sign off on by the principles.
The White House response was notably muted.
I'm going to have to let the Attorney General speak for himself.
White House spokesman Dana Perrino said,
I wonder if she's kind of Marty Perrino, the old left-handed bowler from Syracuse.
Championship Bowling, here's Marty Perrino, the old lefty.
What a memory I got, huh?
You people watching wrestling on TV, what's wrong with you people?
What in God's name has inflicted your brain when we could be watching Championship Bowling with Eddie Koalix and Buddy Bomar?
And Carmen Selvino, now we're talking, and Dick Weber.
Remember Dick?
Who?
You better give it to your bowling, Mr. Kuznet.
Yeah, I mean, all this other stuff we put on you, why don't I have bowling on a radio?
I told you Rick Weaver did that once upon a time.
On WIWD, he did what he called Bowling?
Ha ha ha ha ha, bowling on the radio.
You dummy?
That was him.
Rick Weaver was great.
He was a not a nice man.
And he smelled real bad.
His hygiene, his personal hygiene, could use a little bit of help.
But he was a great broadcaster on the dolphin games.
When you agree with that, Dick, Chris, do you remember that?
I didn't do that before your time.
I don't remember very well, I'm sure I heard it, but I don't just don't remember it.
What does that mean?
How old are you 28?
30.
30.
30!
But 30, man!
And you don't remember the great Rick Weaver, with the white hankees or whatever the hell they were,
or the fans are waiting for the wave in the hankees?
In fact, I think now the dolphins, before the games, they're saying,
I would go out there and wave a white hankees.
Like wave in a white towel.
Like we do here at QM for Serminder?
Yeah.
Do you think that's what we ought to do?
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha, hey, they're rebuilding.
Yeah, they're rebuilding, right?
Yeah, they're rebuilding.
They're rebuilding, but every time they keep putting the berks together,
it keeps crumbling and falling down.
I don't want to, yeah, I don't want to say anything bad about the organization.
Other than the fact that Wayne is at the top.
You know, anything that Wayne touches lately, the last several years,
he used to have the Midas Touch.
Now he's got the Midas Touch in reverse.
Everything Wayne touches now, turns to him.
That's right.
Newest word games by the GOP,
Serminder and Retreat writes Bob Gugger.
I got a big pile of stuff here today,
and you want to know why?
Because we got four hours.
Okay, I'll Wednesday.
I'll have to admit, I was a little bit, I don't know.
A little bit, well, it takes training.
It's like going to training for anything else.
Like for a race.
Same thing.
You know what I'm talking about?
What are you talking about?
I'm talking about doing the four hours without taking any stupid ass phone calls.
I mean, you know, there's always the possibility I can reach over
and punch up one or two here or there.
And I said, possibility, unlikely, unlikely, possible, but pretty unlikely.
And of course, once upon a time, I was doing that for a long, long time.
Remember that?
And forgot about the phone.
Just shut that baby down.
And was listening to me.
What was that?
Hi Ron.
How are you?
All right, good stuff.
Wow, I think if George would just be...
You know what I'm talking about?
Yeah.
You're good friends out there.
And unfortunately, like I've told you before, and I think I'm tip-toeing around the
edges of ripping management now, which is on that poll today, but I sure wouldn't want to do that.
But nevertheless, these people know nothing about talk radio.
They know about ball games and ball scores and jog straps.
That's all they know.
And they think that because they can put people on here to talk about ball games and ball scores and jog straps,
therefore that's what talk radio is all about.
That hasn't got anything to do with talk radio.
You know, sports talk is like a tiny division of what generic talk radio is in the first place.
And they don't have any clue about that.
They don't know how it works.
They don't know what makes it successful.
They don't know what people want to hear about.
They haven't got a clue.
So when the general manager of the radio station is running around with his fat ass talking about,
oh gee, if we could put those tapes on because when the people threw them,
they want to hear Neil's voice.
Oh, you know.
If you had been at that lunch, if you had been flying a wall at that lunch,
you would have just gone down and you would have peed in his soup.
I'm telling you right now, whatever.
You would have been so disgusted with him in this whole attitude.
And I kept saying that it's just ridiculous.
They hate the tapes.
The tapes are grotesque.
That's an old dilemma from years ago.
It isn't a dilemma anymore.
I stopped at the time ago.
I stopped it by putting your dumb ass on here.
And it was worked out just great.
Well, thank you, spanky.
Yeah.
I didn't say sensational.
I said great.
It's worked out okay.
All right.
All right.
926 on the pole.
Chris is pretty pleased with that.
Because he takes credit for it.
We got over 1,000 yesterday before the ballgame.
You'll be there.
How do you like that fatso?
Well, that's a good thing.
It was a very good thing.
Josh was very proud.
He wasn't too proud about that guy that keeps sitting on him.
But that's beside the point.
Hey, listen.
Just be glad that anybody is sitting on you.
That's the way I look at it.
That's a real good way to look at life.
If anybody likes you enough that they're, you know,
got the hots for it, they're breathing heavy.
Well, and you ought to be real happy.
It doesn't mean you want to let your guard down.
Let him get too close, but nevertheless.
Well, we've been through a few months of emboldening the enemies
since Bond got away.
And I strongly suspect that the word surrender and retreat
will be the next UOP talking points for the American people
when it comes to the future of our presence in Iraq.
Senate Republicans know they're behind the eight ball
and that the vast majority of Americans want
us out of Iraq and are troops back home, so they need to constantly
retool their manipulative language to find a way to get under
everyone's skin and make them support the failed Republican agenda
in Iraq.
The UOP is also smart enough to know that we're generally a tough stubborn
people, but that a certain percentage of our population watches
Fox News and well-acted Sharper's knives in the drawer.
So throwing out words like surrender and retreat to describe
that democratic plan to win the Iraq Quagmire seems to fit their game plan
for so-and-fear endowed.
The American people await this vote.
The Iraqi people await this vote. Al Qaeda waits this vote.
Since Senator Sam Brownback, Nazi of Kansas, while arguing
nearly this week for the amendment to strip withdrawal
language from the $122 billion RAC supplemental bill.
I believe that instead of giving the terrorist a reason to be
hopeful and sending mixed signals to our forces in the field,
we should be talking about the possibility of a federally
RAC.
We need to stop talking about how to retreat and start talking
about winning in Iraq.
Hey, what American wants to be seen as retreating, right?
And it was a kind of nifty way Brownback slipped Al Qaeda
in there, too.
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky Senate
of press released two days title, Congress should not
announce a surrender date.
Attempting to have it both ways by slipping withdrawal
date in this bill by making the support of our troops contingent
on a dangerous and defeated surrender date was wrong.
A week and a half ago it is wrong now said McConnell in the
statement.
Republicans figure we as a people hate to think of ourselves as
surrendering, so they want to throw that one around a bit, too.
Sometimes they blend new buzz phrases with old ones such as when
Wayne Allen de Colorado said this before the affirmative
Senate vote mandating the withdrawal from Iraq starting four
months.
I believe though yesterday the retreat from Iraq was a serious
mistake.
Our enemies now look upon the U.S. as a country with no
resolve, a country that will cut and run when things get tough.
And who better to jump in all of the cynicism than man who
hopes to be Republican standard bear in 2008?
John McCain.
Support as of this provision say they want to date certain
for a U.S. withdrawal from Iraq, but Mr. President, what they've
offered us is more accurately described as a date certain
force surrender, with grave consequences for the future
of Iraq, the stability of the Middle East, and the security of
Americans at home in abroad said McCain on the Senate
fourth Tuesday.
Let's all at least give McCain credit for stopping his
presidential fundraising long enough to come back to the scene
at least vote on this one.
Now that the funding bill contained the troop of drawling, which
passed this week, I'm on pins and needles waiting here
with they'll start calling the Democrats responsible for
pushing it through, cutting runners is kind of played out.
The smart money says they'll go with either yellow bellies or
a scaredy-cats.
All right, you scaredy-cats?
You're about to just scare the cats like that cat on the road.
Free cat.
Hasty.
927.
Why is it, I think generally speaking, I could be wrong, because I
know that this goes a real dog lover, like I am, and you are.
Yes.
Why is it that most of us are dog lovers hate cats like poison?
I mean, just for the spider question answers itself.
Because dogs are loyal and nice to you and care about you.
Right.
Cats could give a squat.
Well, let them squat on this, and cats do their thing in a box.
That's right.
Cats are always doing their thing.
They do their own thing.
You're at their convenience, not the way the other way around.
I can't like management.
Yeah.
The Neal Roger show.
The Neal Roger show.
The Neal Roger show.
Any questions?
All right.
So do a shampoo and coffee and water.
Shell candles and TV rings for your daughter.
Don't have that duty-free case of champagne.
These are the things you can take on a plane.
She's with a hair gel and lip balm and two stays on clear silk.
For all of those hits on your face, you have that sunburn but no solar clean.
That's one more thing you can take on a plane.
Oh!
I fear what you'll be waiting in me seeing the same.
But don't worry, make you throw out all of those things.
You cannot take on a plane.
Welcome.
Yeah, you can't take your rectum on a plane and we're either have to leave it right at the checker at the gate.
I am real excited about hearing one thing.
And you know what that is?
What, the two-clock bell?
Oh, that sounds familiar.
Like I said, two things I'm real excited about.
Okay, that's one, the two-clock bell.
And the other one's Kevin Krue, take your seats.
Oh, that.
Yeah, like that.
I just love that.
Kevin Krue, take your seats.
There's something about the cruise there.
The Dutch cruise on KLM, they're just really great.
I mean, the boarding process sometimes can be a little bit hectic but that's with all the Europeans.
You know, they tend to be a little bit pushy and disorganized and they all start shoving and like,
Oh, all these people.
Now, they see there's the British guy from, you know,
Polyjising for entering those aren't reigning waters.
That guy looks kind of human.
I'd check him out.
939 votes at the pool, at the pool.
And Kevin, a lot of hard, and asked me how many of you knew my space friends we have.
How many knew my space friends are doing?
Oh!
Kevin knows since being interesting.
Nobody says I like it when you get Godfather intensive.
Yeah, I would've thought Brandon would've said that,
but Brandon's too busy talking about milkshakes and ice cream today.
Everybody's trying to like, you know, give me the,
I'm not doing no bad food today.
How do you like that?
Or all weekend.
That's my goal.
Sounds pretty good, doesn't it?
Yeah, it does.
Even I don't believe it.
I just don't believe it.
It's a drug, baby.
It's a drug.
Sugar is a drug.
It's the strongest drug.
It's a thousand times more addictive than heroin than any other dancing cocaine,
Marijowini, you name it.
Sugar, azucada, baby,
as your good friend Cita Cruz would say,
if she were here.
I have seen you at Cruz and I am dead now.
Yeah, that's what she'd say.
943 votes.
Ciar shouldn't know right off the bat that a lot of your people were Cita Cruz fans.
That should have told me right there that it's a little something off with some of that crowd.
You know what I mean?
Actually, the old ones with the green two.
A little something off like your mother, like Mama Sita, you know what I mean?
A little.
Yeah, a little.
Something a little bit off like,
you might a little bit of a lot.
And by a little, you need a lot.
Well, I don't want to start getting personal with your mama.
You know?
I like that.
I like that.
943 votes on the poll.
We'll get a thousand in this hour and then Chris can sit back,
slump back into chair and start thinking about more food.
So you're 30.
How you're pretty old to be on this show.
Yeah.
I mean, at least in that chair anyway.
How old is Josh Court?
Is 23?
They're about.
Well, that's a good age.
23 is an excellent age.
30 seems like kind of...
About 30, man.
You're able to be doing that.
There's no future in this, Chris.
But you can kiss my ass again and thank me so much for giving you this great opportunity.
Okay.
Oh, do you mean you want it now or no?
No, I don't want it now.
In fact, in your case, I don't want it.
Oh, Jesus.
Well, that'll cheer me about it for the food all weekend.
I'm going to think about wanting Chris.
No, that's bad.
That was so insensitive on my part.
Well, that would be the same as you wanting me.
You know, it would be just as gruesome.
Oh.
Are we going to add Godfather out of this or am I just going to continue to tell me...
Telling the audience about Kevin said it would be a good way.
Anyway, whatever you want.
You're going to add it on there.
Chris or what?
He'd do it.
Yeah, started to.
I don't see it on there.
Let me refresh it one more time.
There it is.
I don't have any votes yet, but it'll look at some votes.
Maybe nobody likes that.
I mean, we can't do the whole show just for Brandon.
But I'm being your brother, friends all over the nice side of Lake Su.
Just like the thing with the old Neil thing for your buddy Christopher,
who's by the way, vanished again.
He's here and there.
And now that you finally sent that to him, right?
You emailed that to him?
Yes.
The old Neil thing?
Yes.
Now we don't have to play it.
I mean, I liked it the first 4,000 times.
That's why it was pretty funny.
I enjoy it more, especially that sports concubine thing,
that liner toward the end that kind of gets me a little chocolate and just a little bit.
I enjoy it most when Neil gets blank intensive politics, 333.
Religion, 199.
Station management, 145, such as if it was station mismanagement that should say,
I hit this 456, 5.9%.
That's not too bad considering.
Considering the ladle land, when Neil gets sex intensive 55,
food intensive 52, ratings intensive 50,
hockey intensive 38, my space 17,
at least my space is ahead of something.
I've got father because there's doesn't have any.
Kevin, it was a good idea, I thought.
Didn't you think it was a good idea?
Yeah.
When we get Godfather intensive stuff playing all in droppings like,
mamma mamma mia!
I don't care how many day go get any what,
free sport, come boys, come out on a woodward.
But evidently, they don't like that.
Well we'll see, time will tell, you know,
it's one of those things, time will tell.
Bush and Rove joking, did you see the thing where Rove was dancing?
Oh my God.
You know, I heard about it, I have yet to see it.
You hadn't seen it, they should have heard about it.
It was surreal.
All these innocent people are dying,
all this bloodshed and made him, all this lunacy going on.
And the meantime, Carl Rove is dancing.
RJ Esco writes in the Smirking Chimp,
now let's see, has he got some other bio thing on here
to give you like a, some kind of reference?
No.
That's good enough for me if it's on the Smirking Chimp,
it's okay for me.
He says, I have a lot of sympathy for David Gregory,
who was pressed into a bad comedy routine
with Carl Rove at the radio and correspondence dinner tonight,
meaning on last night.
Rove had already cracked a lame joke about Patrick Fitzgerald
while mangling his first name is Peter,
then he and Gregory went on to rack with the bad comedian host
in the event.
Bear in mind that the real subject of Rove's humor
was the conviction of a senior White House official
for committing a felony while serving mis-ministration
make that three felonies proving beyond a reasonable doubt.
That would be three felonies committed by somebody on Rove's team.
Three felonies that involved using journalists
to destroy a woman's career,
to hurt her husband for telling the truth.
Ha-ha, the reporter's laugh gamely.
Ha-ha, meanwhile, new evidence is emerging that Rove was directly involved
in the firing of federal prosecutors.
That directly contradicts what this same administration
told the same group of correspondence.
David Gregory's a fine reporter,
but his uncomfortable routine just doesn't illustrate
the impropriety of joking around with people
who may have committed serious crimes.
It also demonstrates how inappropriate it is
to hold these events with the administration
that deceived the nation into war,
a deception that was enabled in large part
by the same chanty familiarity being displayed
at tonight's dinner.
Here's the bottom line.
The widespread loss of life in Iraq
is doing no small part to the slip shot
of workmanship of many of the journalists at this event,
and their cosiness with those now in power.
The sprain that cosiness while our fighting men women
are still dying over there isn't bad taste,
and let's not forget the loss of innocent Iraqi lives either.
I know I wrote recently about Tony Snow's illness
in the need for reconciliation on mid-A.
We can wish them the best as individuals,
and still oppose misdeeds and deception.
And where crimes are committed,
we can wish for justice to be served,
justice must prevail before reconciliation can begin.
As I wrote then, reconciliation evolves
and honest emission of one's own mistakes.
There was none of that in evidence tonight,
either from the administration of the reporters.
Later, President Bush made a funny about the firing
of federal prosecutors,
the firings that made me involve multiple felonies,
including obstructive justice,
giving false testimony and misleading another
to give false testimony.
You know you've really bought things
when you have people siding with lawyers,
said the president,
haha, said the reporters.
My advice for David Gregory,
who seems like a really good guy is this.
Next time you're asked just say,
thanks, but I think I'll sit this one out.
Soaking about the administration's provenness
with Libby or suspected criminal behaviors,
highly inappropriate,
especially since the media's job is
to investigate the behavior.
You don't kid around with people
you're supposed to be probing
for felonies and malfeasance,
and you especially don't kid around
about the potential felonies themselves,
certainly not on the very day that new emails
and other information about them
is becoming available for your review.
Maybe that's one reason why these routines
were so horribly unfunny,
because in comedy, timing is everything.
Oh, he's tearing stories up again.
We can hear it right on the radio.
Good.
Turn it up real loud, okay?
Turn it up as loud as you can.
Ripping and tearing and skating and just whatever.
9.54 on a pole.
And during the break I'm going to check again.
We're not going to get,
I bet you we don't get to 12.95 today on that thing.
I don't know.
I think it's almost like out of spite,
because they've been, you know,
they've been coming in pretty good.
Almost every day there's a couple of new ones
over here, three or four new ones over there,
including the ones that are trying to pedal some
victorious secret or some crap,
so they can get a $500 gift certificate.
I just, that's just right.
It's like when a little kid's knock on the door.
Well, if I sell it off of these crappy magazines
or not this crappy candy,
I get, you know, some crap.
I get a scholarship to go to, you know, FU.
I mean, well, what the hell do we owe these people
that we should put them on there,
so they can get some kind of a stupid-ass piece of crap?
Well, what do I owe those people?
Right?
And they wouldn't even put a real profile on there,
like even a make-believe profile,
at least would be a little bit of work.
If you're going to try to like squeeze them
into somebody's mind space
or some other damn page,
at least take, you know, 20 minutes
and fabricate some crap.
I mean, there are plenty of other people
good at doing that fabricating.
20 profiles.
It can't be that difficult, right?
Right.
Still somebody else is like,
uh-huh.
Yeah, like that.
Like that bunch of baloney.
One thing I found out about Bryce is not,
but, uh-huh.
Bryce.
Remember Bryce Aroney?
Uh-huh.
I ate it.
959 votes on the pool.
Look, we'll get to a thousand this hour.
I'm sure Chris is very confident of that.
And what are we eating there today?
Tell me something low-carb, low-calorie.
Okay, no.
You know, you eat anything?
I had a sandwich, but I don't know if it was low-carb.
Chris didn't eat any low-carb.
And what was that for when I yesterday
about the pizza in the, uh,
that go here?
What was that?
Oh, we don't want to revisit that issue because it was an analogy.
Yeah.
About things that don't go into other things.
About square pegs that don't fit in a round hole.
Yeah.
And round pegs that don't fit in a square hole.
I guess what, when they're both relatively fit.
I see.
What about peg-like baits?
Uh-huh.
That fits to where did he fit in?
From and it's past 11 at QAN.
It's Friday, you bastard.
Oh, right.
American, since Paul Harvey, stand by for news.
Abigail McGillin, an elderly woman,
answered a knock at the door one day,
only to be confronted by a well-dressed young man
carrying a vacuum cleaner.
I'll say it again.
The young man was carrying a vacuum cleaner.
Good morning, said the man.
If I could take a couple of moments of your time,
I'd like to demonstrate the very latest in high-powered vacuum cleaners.
Go away, said Abigail.
I haven't gotten any money.
And she proceeded to close the door.
Quick as a flash, the young man wedged his foot in the door
and pushed it wide open.
Don't be too hasty, he said to Abigail.
Not until you have at least seen my demonstration.
With that, he emptied a bucket of horse manure
onto her hallway carpet.
If this vacuum cleaner does not remove all traces of horse manure
from your carpet matum, I will personally eat the remainder.
Abigail's dead back in chuckle, then said,
well, I hope you've got a damn good appetite
because they cut off my electricity this morning.
Paul Harvey.
Good day.
Good day.
973 votes on the pool.
By the bottom of the hour, we're going to be hovering right around a thousand
and then they will fear us, man.
Speaking of Godfather and Tenzin, has Godfather going to evoke?
It's got four.
That's not too bad.
And we have 1293 now in our mind space.
1293, we've got a new friend.
For that.
Inked?
What is it?
Inked the ones or something like that?
I don't know.
Some of these people don't use.
What?
Inked Inked do?
Inked Inked do.
Yeah, like Jimmy Durand would say,
Inked Inked do.
Yeah.
Yeah, he had some real talent.
We never figured out what it was though.
I had a big nose.
That was what it was.
He was bald and had a big schnauz.
And he could tinkle on the panel and play a little bit too.
Look at this story, somebody just fact-steined.
Wow.
Let's see.
Hey Neil, how about ripping the colors for the pool before I get to the story this
in?
No.
That doesn't even grammatically.
It doesn't even fit in, right?
And not only that, but I would say what colors?
WQRM, hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay.
I guess you could say how our field was in that work, is that correct sir?
That is absolutely correct sir.
In the beginning of the week, not to say that only 30 million people getting bought
in the watch had put American Idol ran six minutes over.
And to back themselves up, I guess that's Fox.
Whoever does dancing with the stars, they played a...
Repeat before.
So they were able, and maybe there was a...
An Ojang, the Pavakitler out there and tipped them off, but for someone who tried
to manipulate something, they were...
It didn't stand out as much as they wanted to make that announcement.
Now also, I have one of those machines.
My mother, 14 years ago, bought a bud and mixed 2000 stainless steel.
If you put cream and ice and sugar and fruit, you have ice cream.
Or if you put in fruit and vegetables or this fruit, you leave it all alone.
And if you make hot soup, if you have one of these and they're about 700 now,
you go into a coma.
Thank you.
Okay.
Do you have any idea what he said?
What?
I know about the milkshake maker, but for the first part of that, do you have any idea
he was talking about?
A Doris fan club is petitioning Florida's new governor to clear Jim Morrison's criminal record.
There are no fans as one-eyed and obsequious as Jim Morrison fans.
One-eyed, like the Cyclops, I'll ride.
And according to the... I wonder if the really was a Cyclops, you think?
Probably, so once upon a time, maybe some mutant.
Oh, I'm sure there have been plenty of one-eyed monsters running around on the loose.
I've seen it for a while.
Yeah.
And according to the World Entertainment News Network, Doris Superfan, Dave Diamond,
this challenge-float is new governor Charlie Chris Gay, to clear Morrison of the 1969 charges
of indecent exposure and public profanity.
There's been less speculation over the incident in Miami's dinner key auditorium
where Morrison was arrested by the Dave County police.
Although there was much public outrage at the time, the myth of the rebel lizard king
would be much diminishing to diminish without the incident.
I don't think so at all.
I don't think anybody really gives it when you think of the Doris in Jim Morrison.
You really think about that incident where he supposedly whipped it out?
No.
The guardless Diamond posting on Doris fan page Doris Collector's magazine
wants Chris to reexamine the ridiculous charges.
Diamond writes no matter what happened to that concert, how you feel about the man himself,
the prosecution and agencies involved in this matter denied James Douglas Morrison
his constitutional rights.
F&A, baby.
Morrison's constitutional rights now with standing.
I'm unsure if the founding fathers slipped into the clause for claiming that rock stars
are allowed to get their wangs out and swear on stage.
Hopefully, Chris will treat this absurd request with a disrespect or deserves.
Now, who wrote this crap?
Who's the moron that wrote this?
Andrew T.I.J.S.
Andrew T.I.S.
Andrew T.I.S.S.
socks together in the morning.
What an idiot.
Well, look at that.
Somebody just fagged.
Now, what is that?
Somebody just fags me a piece of copy for a hankspot.
This is Aunt Goldberg.
Did you fax this to me?
No.
Where did this come from?
I don't know.
Came from your fax machine, man.
305.
There's the fax number 650198.
Came from your machine, man.
This is Aunt Goldberg.
You've printed my vices where to put your money out of your idiotic.
And it's a spot for Shelley Bloom.
I mean, I like Shelley Bloom.
Just fine.
All of that.
But why am I getting this?
What do you mean you didn't fax this to me?
How is it possible?
Did this come like this?
Is this like magic?
Maybe it's magic.
Seriously, it's got the studio fax number on it, man.
What does this mean, man?
And here's another one coming.
Now, did you just send me something else?
I just sent you a fax.
This is...
You're right about that dragnet thing.
This is Mui.
Interessante.
Oh, that's the fax with some like stuff on it.
But what about this piece of copy?
Well, I'll tell you what I'm going to do, like to me to write it.
We said, take it what I'm going to do.
I'm going to stick it over there and...
Yeah, I'll give it a try.
I mean, how is it possible?
Oh, and look at this fax that says there are rumors that said the kid Rosenberg crans
seeing Schwartz is going back to New York's WFAN because his wife hates it in Florida.
He was unamused this week and got into trouble.
And here's the article.
What is this from?
Medium matters.
I don't know where it works that's in.
But then he writes, here's what the article says.
He's back.
Rosenberg, I alluded to previous racially insensitive remarks that got out and fired from
IMAs.
On the March 27th edition, let's see what they would have to be Monday, Tuesday, whatever
was Saturday.
March 27th edition of NBC's IMAs in the morning, former IMAs sports announcer said Rosenberg
seeing Schwartz, Berg, appeared on the program in reference to the story of the New York
Daily News headline, Serena Shocked by racist Heckler.
Rosenberg commented, I was on an airplane suggesting he couldn't have been the one heckling
professional tennis player, Serena Williams.
Rosenberg's joke appeared to be referenced to racially insensitive remarks made in June
2000 about Williams and his sister, Venus, both of whom are African-American.
According to November 20th, 2001 newsday article, Rosenberg said on the year, one time a friend
he says to me, listen, one of these days you're going to see Venus and Serena Williams in
Playboy.
I said, you've got a better shot at J.N.
National Geographic.
Rosenberg also referred to Venus Williams as an animal.
At June 18th, 2001, New York Times article, on Rosenberg's remarks noted that host
Don IMAs subsequently fired him, but reversed himself and we hired Rosenberg after this
force commentator apologized on the year.
Nonetheless, on November 12th, 2004 edition of IMAs in the morning, Rosenberg referred
to Palestinians as stinking animals and said, they ought to drop the bomb right there,
kill them right now.
On November 29th, 2004, MSNBC offered an apology for these remarks.
The views expressed on the program were not those of MSNBC having said that it was
unfortunate these remarks were telecast by MSNBC.
We sincerely apologize and it was offended by these remarks they said.
In May 2005, Rosenberg's Dean Kran Schwartz was once again fired for IMAs in the morning.
This time for comments about singer Kylie Minogue, who has recently been diagnosed with breast
cancer.
According to a May 25th 2005 New York Post article, Rosenberg said, she won't look so
pretty when she's bald with one breast.
The post quoted a spokesperson for Vyachimone Infinity Broadcasting, which operates WFAN, stinking
that Rosenberg will not be returning to IMAs in the morning show.
But in recent months, Rosenberg has repeatedly appeared on the show, a January 29th article
of New York Daily News asserted, said Rosenberg's Dean Kran Schwartz holds was last seen crashing
and burning on the IMAs in the morning show on WFAN.
Returns this week to fill in for Chris Carlin who replaced him.
In fact, on the January 29th edition of IMAs in the morning, IMAs asserted, I gave
a sip today off thinking why take the chance.
Rosenberg did, however, appear on the following four broadcasts of the program, Yadi-adi-adi,
at least two more and it goes on with dates and times.
However, March 27th was the first time since he filled in for Carlin in January that he appeared
in the MSNBC Studio in Cicoccus, New Jersey.
Rosenberg appeared in the MSNBC Studio again on March 28th edition of IMAs in the morning.
IMAs had reduced him by saying, sit Rosenberg in the house.
Executive producer Bernard McCork added the comeback is complete.
Uh-oh.
On February 5th, when Carlin returned, IMAs said, by having sit on, he really as spotlight
was thrown on your many shortcomings.
Carlin defended himself.
I don't get sued on many occasions.
Don't get your suit on many occasions.
He said, I don't get you in trouble all over the place.
IMAs replied, and you don't get us any ratings.
During the February 2nd edition of IMAs in the morning, IMAs asked Fan Radio host Chris
Maddal Russo, guess who's been on all week with us, who's been great.
Russo, I said, I know Mr. Rosenberg's Dean Kran Schwartz, you're going to blow off Carlin
now that you got sit back.
IMAs said that he intended to keep Carlin, but that we're going to try to work out something
with Sid too.
How do you like that?
Sid the kid.
His wife can't stand it in South Florida.
Hates it like poison, and of course, stop and think she's married to him.
The pay saw.
The federal government is just lowering the capital's people today.
Under withering criticism of both parties, Brown offered no apology, and mostly blamed
others for the debacle that cost hundreds of lines.
Mike Brown.
There's no one left to blame.
I said, Brownie, you're the government shame.
I said, Brownie, your career's up in blame.
There's no one.
I know who's more lame.
George Bush.
He'd better make him shut up before he says.
It was you who messed up.
You can defend him.
But I'm sure you will find many think that he should do time.
As far as you've done to run the air, VMA, so people died when he ran air, VMA.
Absolutely.
Now that everyone knows that your leadership blows, you can go back to your harsh shows.
Today, most Republican-Jane Democrats criticized the fact that Brown is still on the federal
payroll.
That may be because as long as he remains an administration official, his testimony must
be cleared.
Yeah, whatever.
1131 and 560.
What's that got to do with the price of peanuts anyway?
And a lot of people allergic to that crap in the first place.
There's one thing I cannot stand.
It's peanuts.
Oh, man.
Fat.
Oh.
There's nothing worse than buying a whole bunch of like a canister of nuts.
And you think it's going to be mostly cashews and almonds and brazilas and good stuff.
Right.
And you find out because you hadn't read the print because you were on the wall.
That's right.
And it makes sense.
And it's like 95% peanuts.
You got to read the label and make sure that you're getting the quality mixed nuts.
Yeah, the quality mixed nuts.
You better check your nuts first before you start to post an immune wound.
997 votes on a poll.
Any second, now we're going to go to a thousand.
Wow.
And if you thought that call was confusing, this fact that supposed to explain it is,
I don't get it at all.
It says that Fruit Loops caller was referring to an American idol going six minutes past
its usual half hour slot, but I Tivo Idol and guess what?
It was scheduled to go 36 minutes.
It was no surprise.
Sheesh, it says.
Sheesh.
Sheesh.
Remember, she's in strong.
Yes.
If the program, if the program director plays the tapes first of all, it's not the program
director.
It's a general manager who makes it even worse.
Ever plays the tapes, I'll hunt them down and gut them like a fish or be really upset
or both.
It's not the program director.
They'll be picking on clearance for that.
Pick on them for just about anything else, but not for that for Christ's sake.
We don't have enough time.
We only have two and a half hours left.
We don't have enough time to like pick on clearance all the things he deserves, getting
picked on.
But it's a general man who's got this affinity for tapes.
Oh yeah, well, we could put a tape on here on Friday.
And blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah.
You know, you could run this thing down to the zeroes pretty soon, Mr. Bell.
Jolly, don't know.
Wonder him and clearance could have long so well.
They don't like having those large cumbersome numbers to deal with like we used to have.
Remember those days?
Back in the day?
I remember the fruit salad days.
Now, let me, it always gets to be this part of the hour and then the thing freezes up.
Let's see if we get to it without.
We got 9.98.
They're coming in by the ones now.
And the Godfather's got six votes.
And we still have only 293 friends in my space.
I think that was unrealistic for you to give me that challenge today at the beginning
of the show.
I had three.
You better get to 1300 day, Mr. or your slipping, you know?
That's a nice grant.
Nobody loves you anymore.
That's not what I'm hearing.
I'm getting lots of love.
That's right.
Okay.
You are the most in my love is I love you.
I love you, sir.
What is it?
It's syrupy.
What are you talking about?
All the love.
All the love people have poured on you.
Speaking of fruit salad.
Yeah, fruit cocktail.
That was always one of my mother's favorites.
Fruit cocktail.
Fruit cocktail out of a can.
You know, mother would make a fruit cocktail like in jello.
She'd stirred into the jello.
It would be like a big claim to the same dessert.
Exactly the same thing.
The only thing that she could make without screwed it up was freaking jello.
Really?
Yeah.
Well, something to be said for that.
I know.
I was in a shop.
I was going to be fed in jello.
And sure goes down easy.
9.98 on the pool.
Boy, that thing is slowed down to a crawl.
What is going on here?
Every time it gets to be like 35 to 40.
And that five minute segment, I think Eric is dealing with this.
I think it splines his foot on a break.
Steve Young's got a good article here.
Media Matters and coder Jameson Foster, Bill O'Reilly.
Steve Young, Gervals and the First Amendment.
Do I have time to read this before the break?
I think I do.
Boy, you're sure reading a lot of articles today.
You bet your sweet ass I am.
Okay, and that one call we took.
I haven't got any idea what he was talking about.
I'm sure he didn't either.
Why does anybody care about that?
What was he talking about?
About the show ran late.
I think maybe he was referring to the Kenny and Bo Mourning show.
In the fact we had to give them a lot more time.
And I'm not a team player like that guy to call whatever day that was.
I'm crazy Monday.
Remember that guy?
Mm-hmm.
You're not a team player.
You should let them play.
Yeah, he would show.
He would put on that great comedian, whatever the hell his name was.
Benny Blades or whatever.
Who was the guy?
Who was the Bernie Mac?
Bernie Mac.
I like Freddie Mac and I like Jimmy Mac.
You didn't we fail a little bit that?
Yeah, we did.
Jimmy Mac.
Yeah, don't play it again.
I do like it though.
Steve Young says on Wednesday, wrote a column in the Huffington Post picked up elsewhere
concerning an email written by Janison Foster Foser of Media Matters of America and
sent to supporters of Media Matters for America in which he asked people whose local newspapers
carry encoders column to contact those papers and asked them to either drop or calm or
explain why they chose to continue distributing her vial hate speech.
In one variation by Com that appeared in many sites, it was entitled the most painful
column I've ever written.
That was meant for two reasons.
One, that I was defending the indefensible and colder.
Number two, I was taking one of my favorite and one of the web's most important sites
to task.
In response, Foser said, my column compared his email, the Joseph Gerbels' work in Nazi
Germany, in that I wrote Holy Gerbels folks, which I guess he construed as comparisonally
lovelies of the third Reich.
But talk about the popcorn, the kettle, national, socialistic, whatever white.
I only compared his email to Gerbels.
Foster chose Foser chose to be far more incendiary comparing me to Bill O'Reilly.
Holy, I've probably folks, I said that I felt media matters was wrong, not that they
should be boycotted.
What Foser didn't mention was that I also said media matters does good work.
Fact is, right after I check out Huffington Post, I check media matters, first and last
thing every day.
He didn't mention that I said media matters always backed up information with actual transcripts
and sound checks, something Bill O'Reilly refuses to admit.
You see, I love what David Brock has put together and continues to do for us.
You ever hear Bill O' say that?
But unlike me, to Bill O'Reilly, he did help me see the light.
Not as an apology, but for the sake of specificity, I should never have written Holy Gerbels,
folks, even as hyperbole.
I should have written Holy O'Reilly, folks, much more on the money because Foser's email
did have the ring of a factor talking point.
He said that only he only urged newspapers to reconsider what their decision to do, so
serve their readers and viewers.
That's what Bill O'Reilly does with anything he doesn't like or agree with.
He said I was telling people to keep quiet about their beliefs and newspapers should not
carry coders, irrational hate-laden ratings.
No individual citizens can do whatever they want.
I just didn't think media matters should be leaning award against these papers.
I write a Sunday op-ed column every Sunday in the LA Daily News, so this bill O'Reilly,
any number of times I make BO, the negative object of my also historical columns, many times
on the same pages is in articulate newsings.
If BO was successful getting the folks to write in to have their Daily News drop my column
because I felt I was unworthy of being printed there, as NM is asking their folks to do, would
NM find that appropriate?
The whole demanding any written word dropped, it needed to even burn, it begins to get
pretty dicey.
Of course I didn't mean in a Nazi way.
I meant in a, well, I've got to think about that one.
Suffice it to say, one's fascist freedom might be another person's oppression, or
it's advice versa.
Still, I should have never thrown down the Nazi gullet.
I only meant that there was no need to help an enemy when they were already busy committing
suicide.
It's essential for America that until we get the truth from the media, media matters needs
to report and watch the misinformation being spouted.
But when they get into move onish activism, they set themselves up to be discredited.
Even though I believe media matters efforts against that coder is wrong headed because
we both despise coder's, over hate speech, and for everything else media matters does, I
could forgive any differences we might have.
But comparing me to Bill O'Reilly, unforgivable, unforgivable, Steve Huyong.
Award winning TV writer and failed talk show host to author great failures of the extremely
success.
Didn't even make any sense of the extremely success.
Well, that's what it says.
You're not paying any attention because we just got a thousand four votes.
How about that?
Big comp came right in there while we weren't paying any attention.
I was reading the very poorly written and very bad reading, by the way, of a steve young
calm.
Too bad.
Sue me.
They don't like it, Sue me.
Okay.
I'll call Lord.
I enjoy most when Neil gets blank, intensive, politics, 349 like that article I just got
through reading about man coder and BO.
I like that.
Keith Obernolk calls him Bill O'Reilly, he calls him BO.
Religion, 212.
God forbid.
We don't want to talk about religion and all those getchkes.
We'll all burn and hell together.
That's bad, especially with pace off coming and then Easter in the egg hunt.
The egg roll.
What does the egg roll have to do with the Jesus being crucified?
What's it that have to do with Easter?
It's a pagan ritual.
Easter is originally a pagan holiday that they superimposed.
Christian.
I think I think I'm saying that wrong.
He's not a pagan.
He's a sure.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
I enjoy most when Neil gets station management intensive 149.
I hate this poll 61 6% sex 57.
Now we're talking.
I said sex, sex intensive.
Yeah, 57 food 55 ratings 53 hockey 41 my space 20 and Godfather only seven.
So lament they see it.
This is I was just you.
We have some breaking news now.
We told you about this off the top.
The president of the United States commenting on the latest controversy on those eight US
attorneys being fired and attorney general of the tokens all.
So what's the name?
I have one of these US attorneys and they'll serve.
However, we will not go along with a reasonable solution to the issue.
It will be regrettable and that is completely appropriate.
I propose a fishing expedition.
The idea was rejected.
I hope they don't choose learning the facts.
House staff is always confusing.
I also want to say something to the US attorney to design how and why president Bush
wrapping up his all-perture Gonzales.
So if he asked go is the answer was the word 1016 votes anybody interested and this guy's
coming before giving me a song that ends about American Idol and dancing with the stars.
Dancing with the stars.
You're family of break.
Get a life you idiot.
You simple than you.
But that was a pretty good call wasn't it?
Yes it was.
Great.
That may have been the only one today.
You never know though.
You know how I surprised him at Cutter Mgofgard?
That's the way to do it.
Thousands of there's that British guy again.
One of those owners, the nun.
She says the Pope performer miracle.
I tell you one thing.
He could have performed a better miracle from the neck up.
If she don't look like a guy and I'll be a guy.
I'm a thousand sixteen votes on the pool.
Godfather is bringing up the rear.
Not good.
We got still 1293.
I don't know what you were thinking about.
I was thinking about vacation.
Well that's right this is your last day before vacation.
It's your last day before vacation is everybody call up and say hey George have a great
time.
You're not going anywhere are you?
No no.
Well what the hell kind of vacation is that?
A cheap vacation.
Well that sucks.
Yeah well.
So it's a good thing that you're not going anywhere because then I would have screwed
up your whole vacation when I told you Friday probably we're going to come in and
I'll come in on Friday.
I just told you I had that dilemma that I'm leaving at one o'clock on Friday.
No the other one I'll take another Friday somewhere.
No problem.
I'll come in on Friday and take off another Friday.
Should have taken this one.
See ya.
Well two eight no I'm already here.
David Moberg.
Remember Mo?
That would be like if Mo made it with Hank Goldberg.
Mo did I say.
I guess we David Moberg you think?
How are David Moberg?
Wow that's put all those pieces together.
But since we ain't got Mo to kick around no Mo.
Things just aren't the same are they?
And we're real happy about that.
Obama's community roots in 1985 first a graduate from Columbia University working for a New
York business consultant Barack Obama decided to become a community organizer.
But we like the idea he didn't understand what the job involved and his inquiries turned
up few opportunities.
Then he got a call from Jerry Kelman.
An organizer working on Chicago's far south side for a community group based in the churches
of the region and expensive white, black and Latino blue collar neighborhoods that were
reeling from the steel mill closings.
Kelman was looking for an organizer for the new developing community project DCP which
will focus on black city neighborhoods.
Obama only 24 struck board members is awesome and extremely impressive and they quickly hired
him at 13 grand a year plus 2000 bucks for a car a beat up blue Honda Civic which Obama
drove for the next three years organizing more than 20 congregations to change their neighborhoods.
Despite some meaningful victories the work of Obama and hundreds of other organizers didn't
transform the south side or restore lost industries but it did change the young man who became
the junior senator from Illinois in 2004 and it provides clues to his worldview as he
bids for the democratic presidential nomination.
I can't say we didn't make mistakes that I knew what I was doing about a recall three years
ago to a boisterous convention of the steel active DCP.
Sometimes I call the meeting and nobody showed up.
Sometime preacher said why should I listen to you?
Sometimes we try to hold politicians accountable and they didn't show up.
I couldn't tell whether I got more out of it than this neighborhood.
But he continued I grew up to be a man right here in this area.
It says the consequence of working with this organization in this community that I found
my calling.
There was something more than making money and getting a fancy degree.
The measure of my life would be public service.
After a transient youth and earnest search for identity Obama also found a home a community
with which he continued relationships are church and a political identity.
He honed his town for listening, learned pragmatic strategy, practiced bringing varied people
together to develop the faith and ordinary citizens that still influences his campaign message.
He discovered the importance of personal storytelling and politics and roadshirts stories
that we find a style.
Later as a politician he more closely with community groups though not as artinally as
another community organizer turned politician to late senator Paul Wellstone.
As a presidential candidate he frequently refers to his community organizing asking supporters
that treat his campaign as a social movement and he's just an imperfect vessel of your hopes
and dreams.
Obama worked as an organizer at a time when Harold Washington's election is mayor stirred
his hopes and dreams as well as those of blacks and progressives in the city.
Interviews with people who worked with him during that time listed a few complaints virtually
everyone described him in glowing terms including dedicated hard working dependable intelligent
inspiring of what listener confident but selfie facing.
The expressed admiration for him as an organizer who trained strong community leaders while
keeping himself in the background and as a strategist who could turn general problems into
specific linnable issues.
The writer Augustine Heron a member of the DCP board that hired him remembers him as someone
who always followed the high road.
You've got to do it right you because of him insisting be open with the issues include
the community instead of going behind the community's back and he would include people
we didn't like sometimes.
You've got to bring people together if you exclude people you're only weakening yourself
if you meet behind doors and make decisions for them and love and take ownership of the
issue we said.
Obama worked in the organizing tradition of Saul Olinsky who made Chicago the birthplace
of modern community organizing as translated through the Gamma Leal Foundation one of several
networks of faith based organizing.
Often by confronting officials with insistent citizens rather than exploiting personal
connections as traditional black democrats proposed Obama and DCP protected community
and interest regarding landfills and help with employment training services playgrounds
after school program school reforms and other public amenities.
One day a resident at the old gardens a geographic re-isolated public housing projects
are under by waste sites brought a notice about planned removal of us bestest from the
project manager's office.
Obama organized a community defined out if there was asbestos in their apartments they
persisted as officials lied and delayed then took a bus with far fewer people in Obama
had anticipated the challenge authorities downtown.
Ultimately the city was forced to test all the apartments and eventually began cleaning
them up.
In his autobiography dreams from my father Obama writes that the bus trip changed him in
a fundamental way because in hints of what might be possible and therefore as far as
you want that bus ride kept me going I think he said maybe it still does.
A recent LA Times report contended that Obama overstated his own important signalling
others who were working on environmental issues but in the book he's extremely modest
about his role in accomplishments as much as he was organizing when he refused fellow
organizers suggestions that he embellished the group's achievements.
There was no campaign with opera kelman says he was there to get people organized when
they wouldn't organize it all.
Hazel Johnson long time at Cal Gardens environment like this said yeah he's a good organizer
I have to give it to him.
But Obama grew restless and eventually went to Harvard Law School.
He said he can only go so far in organizing you help people get solutions sometimes but
it's never as big as wiping away problems since Michael Evans and DPC organizer actor
Obama left.
It wasn't end all he wanted to be partly end all to get things done.
But Obama kept his ties to DCP and worked out of its office when he ran a drive that
registered 150,000 new voters in 1992 and became the springboard for his own grassroots
campaign for the Illinois State Senate.
Obama's politics of transcendent unity which has appeared in many voters has its roots in
his work as a bridge builder in the words of Reverend Anthony Van Zanton overcoming the
Gulf within DCP between Catholic and Protestant churches.
But this vision of harmony also reflects that Obama's distaste for conflict.
Personality wise, directed not like the right confrontation kelman says it was a very nice
young man very polite.
It was a stretch for him to do a linsky techniques.
He was more comfortable in dialogue with people.
But challenging power was not an issue for him lack of civility was.
Obama's organizing history may give few clues about what policies he would pursue as
president but Obama the presidential candidate still shows his roots.
A faith in ordinary citizens, a quest for common ground and a pragmatic inclination toward
defining issues in linnable ways.
Even when Obama was an organizer Augustine Herentolden he'd be the nation's first black president,
now the Reverend Alvin Love whom Obama recruited DCP looks at his candidacy and says everything
I see reflects that community organizing experience.
I see the consensus building, his connection to people and listening to their needs and
trying to find common ground.
I think at his heart Barack is a community organizer I think what he's doing now is that
it's just a larger community to be organized.
You go Barack.
He's a man I'm telling you right now.
He's going to electrify this country you'll see.
All right.
Believe me you believe me.
I don't know about Chris.
Like Chris is like kind of like Chris wants to know if Ross P. Rose is going to give
him another shot.
No that's okay.
You sure that now?
I'm very sure that.
Don't want to roll up your sleeves and look up the engine and do do do get out all
the old manuals.
And do do do.
That was such a testimony to the ignorant of the masses man in fact and of course guess
we put him on the air.
Guess who made him what he became.
He says a rich hateful piece of crap.
103 2 now what are we going for today 1200 is that sound good on a Friday.
Friday is a little bit down a little bit down.
This probably wasn't a really good idea to like be rustle up a whole bunch of new
my space people when we only got one 1293 or still seven short still short.
Not good.
1032 so what do you think Chris 1200 or what?
Yeah we can do 1200 easy.
Got to be more enthusiastic man.
Got to like yell because George is pushing hard to get Josh back in there.
That's right.
Yeah we can do 1200.
What a suckling man you're just amazing.
I do but you know you feel okay to think because you know if you want to go better.
Yeah but you are after Josh Cornis was in there again yesterday and we had such a good
time he's feeling a hell of a lot better.
He was only on for an hour by then.
And the McGill was on for an hour and 50 minutes till the ballgame time.
I have no idea who was on to in the ballgame and neither was anybody else because nobody
was listening.
I enjoy it most when Neil gets blank intensive this are very very excellent pool who are
and it wasn't one of our regular pool people either yesterday.
Remember the thing came in kind of like on a sloppy piece of paper like somebody had here
it is like somebody among oh you know where it was from.
What it was one of our regular pool was from just somebody different university dodge.
Boy they don't do any work down there at all do they?
All they do is send us faxes all day which I like that I appreciate all the good faxes
just the faxes man.
One oh three seven I enjoy most when you'll get politics intensive 358 like that nifty
story he just read about Barack Obama.
Religion to 19 station management 150 do such it is as it is.
I hate this full 63 and even 6% whatever when you'll get sex intensive 58 I got news for
when you get sex intensive you're going to hear dead air he'll be out of there he'll
be out on the streets prowling grabbing it's crazy that's right.
Food intensive 56 no more food for this kid until lunchtime.
Rating 55.
Rating 55 hockey 42 my space only 22 they hated.
We don't want to hear about that crap and the godfather only does say.
This is pretty quick whenever I shake my ball I listen to the Neil Rogers 12 to 1 hour.
Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by.
Sometimes I feel that people don't want to smile.
And I turn on my radio it makes me smile like a child.
He'll just on my radio.
He'll just on my radio oh yeah.
I miss this boring.
What's better than a live radio show every morning on TV well just about anything but
that hasn't stopped MSNBC from teening up with radio's original bad boy.
We now look like a nasty old lady.
I'm a sell that internist copy.
Yes every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's
have a live on the air I need a hammer to bite into this muffin.
So I'm going to get my question on plate like you see his wild behind the scenes at it.
I'm going to make the right of the eye menu.
I'm a walrus cook cook at you now get me some fresh top here your fire.
I miss he's irreverent so I want to deal with the phone.
He's topical.
What's the deal with his water game?
He's in coherent.
I'll tell you why that's a double of a present.
What else?
Please I miss and he's only on MSNBC.
A people channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations nobody listens to.
I'm not somebody got some fresh jingle.
It's I was I'm right he's going to have send the kids back on their pruner with him
pretty soon which means they're going to be a big gap.
Maybe they can bring back what's his name who was it they used to have O.J. McDuffian
midday.
Oh hey don't tease and I see the boob series going to be doing all kinds of baseball games
and a lot of braves games and stuff like that so he ain't going to be wrong.
Maybe they can just sign off him midday.
Be a big improvement.
1059 O.J.P.
We're going to make 1200 easy.
1100 this hour.
No sweat at all.
It's a good thing to do because Chris isn't you know he's not 100% he's a little bit under the weather.
Probably laying back stoop back in the clear.
Am I right?
Yeah it's so linked food and his mouth.
Oh nice.
Right up.
Eating with both hands.
Nice isn't that really nice.
So wow.
He's feeling much better obviously.
He's here with his big protein and I one thing about us the fat people man we're never too
sick to eat I'll tell you that he's in the pink.
Yeah I'll bet never too sick to eat.
Very nice.
What is this music I have?
Oh it's Chicago again.
I thought yeah.
I thought just keep it in there in case we're going to do another ball game.
No ball game today by the way don't go running for the radio as soon as I say ball game.
Boy that's a bad move on my part.
You can just hear them racing for the radio dial.
Oh another Marlon game.
Oh holy crap.
Oh yeah like that.
Just relax the rate no longer on me maybe there is one but we don't carry it.
That's my point.
And the good news is next week Monday and Wednesday.
We have Marlon's regular season baseball.
Wow.
What a shame now see you get screwed.
Yeah I know.
Well sooner or later.
Yeah.
Marlon's in the Washington NAS at 105.
The free game show Marlon's on deck at 1230 Monday.
And then Marlon's at the Washington NAS.
Let's see Tuesday's 19 Wednesday at 105.
Free game Marlon's on deck at 1230 again.
So we get.
So you get.
But yeah that's okay.
It's where it goes.
Probably the week that you run there aren't any ball games at all when I'm on vacation.
Probably when I'm across the pond that's how it works for me.
When I'm on the dam rack man I think I'll I'll contact you from the internet from the easy internet cafe on the dam rack.
All right.
All right what?
I said all right.
I could do that.
Yeah you could.
I could send you like an email on there and say hey it's really great over here and I'll
kind of stuff going on and a lot of wild perversion because it's Amsterdam and stuff like that.
You could call the hotline when you're sitting on the cans.
Yeah I said I could text you from the can like you do these languages.
You know you could send an instant message or a picture.
A picture on the can sure.
Why do I want to do that?
Oh for end grins.
Oh brother 1062 on a pool of 1062 I just mentioned that.
You know people there are a lot of people I'm sure because I have no idea.
That's a good reason they have no life and so they keep track of that kind of stuff.
In fact I wouldn't be surprised at all.
You know how there are people I don't know why I used to do as a kid too.
They keep score of a baseball game and listening to it on the radio or watching on TV.
They actually have a scorebook like they would say I don't even know if you're at the ballpark while you do that.
That's so stupid.
I can see if you're broadcasting the game like I used to do.
Of course you keep score because then you can just say hey they're back in the fourth inning you struck out and
but maybe in the fifth inning you lined up to the second basement something like that.
But I have a feeling that we have people out there who have their own Neil Rogers scorebook and they keep score of how many votes we have each day at a given time.
You know what I mean?
Like a like a crack like a chart.
I hope I'm wrong about that but I don't think so.
Sumter South Carolina.
Nothing could be finer than to stay out of South Carolina.
Am I right about that?
That's right.
Sumter a gay couple looking to rent a hotel room and say they were turned away because of their sexual rights.
She wasn't discreet about it.
It's a Jason Pickle referring to my hotel employee.
She was not apologetic.
She just said we do not rent to gay people.
Especially if their name is pickle.
Wow.
Can you imagine a gay guy named Pickle?
Must be some comedy moments there.
For the past two and a half years Pickle and Darren Black Bear.
Yeah.
I don't know if it sounds like an Indian or something.
I don't know what that has been in the committee relationship.
During a search for a temporary home the couple says it went to affordable sweets of America.
A long term stay hotel on Giants Street, GI-O-N, Guyan, Javelin, and Sumter.
We were requiring about price deposits extra person fee and she asked who there was going to be for.
And I said for my partner and myself Pickle said she said oh we don't rent to multiple people of the same sex.
I said so we don't rent to gay couples.
She said no we don't rent to gay people at all.
Couples, singles, trifectives, quad actors, quintuplets, whatever.
All of these things.
The website for affordable sweets of America states that the company does not allow children or pets in the sweets.
But there's no mention of the same sex couples.
Channel 19, where would it have been?
It isn't somewhere in South Carolina obviously.
Contacting the hotel posing as a potential renter and acquired about two men staying in the same room.
The receptionist who answered the phone told us the following.
Our policy is we don't rent to two people of the same sex if we only have one bed.
Is that your official policy we asked?
That's corporate policy because they only have one sleeping area when we asked is oh okay can we share the bed?
I suppose they could but most men don't want to she said.
Most men don't want to share a bed especially if it's rather like teeny tiny posted sizes, stamp of beds.
However when news 19 called the owner of the hotel Carol Atkinson he said there been some confusion.
He says any couple can come to the place and they'll rent to them period.
Atkinson says the policy was not meant to target homosexuals.
He says they were just trying to stop two single people from being in the same bed.
Well what's wrong with two single people being in the same bed?
What's wrong with that?
Pickle and black bear said they still find the same legal action.
Have you ever had pickles like there?
Oh delicious.
In a jar.
Everyone is forward shocked and outraged said pickle we've contacted some of our friends or activists.
Currently there's no state law preventing hotel from refusing service to a same sex couple.
However it's illegal to discriminate on the basis of race, creed, color national origin, gender, disability or marital status.
If they have a policy it has to be maintained fair and equitably said Tom Sponseller, president of the hospitalities association in South Carolina.
At the beach for example because there are different bike weekends at the beach that policy has to be enforced and consistent.
There's currently a bill in the South Carolina state senate that addresses the issue.
The measure proposed by Charleston Democrat Robert Ford were expanded lodging establishment act to include
prohibition of discrimination because of sexual orientation or gender identity or how many people want to like all cozy up in one little opposeded stamp size bed.
What a crocker crack.
We want to make sure that single people don't happen to sing a little bit together.
Got to know what kind of things they might be doing in there.
You're like that.
Garbage.
That's South Carolina for you man.
That's where all the get's he's want to go.
Isn't it they want to make their state?
We don't hear those articles anymore.
And you want to know how many people they got together to do that?
Yeah.
That's why we don't know more about it.
They were going to make it the first all Christian state baby and they're going to get all the get's keys all the hate mongers all the fundamentalist lunatics all gathered in South Carolina.
I think it's a perfect place for him if you ask me.
1070 on the pool by the bottom of the air will have our 1100 1200 easy today.
In fact we might have really gone out on lemon shop for 13.
We might have you know so I said in the past tense but we won't.
Wbuzzer.
Come any Q.I.M.
Hello sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports sports.
A bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce.
That's two guys well what are they gotten our Sid Rosencranstein is
When we're doing what everybody knew he would do that he would get that letter question as he could.
and try to suck his way back into the eye-miss show,
and evidently he's doing a good job of that.
So, he'll be gone.
Those who's getting ready now,
the baseball season starts this coming a week,
so he'll be on a way out.
And what do they got?
Maybe they can put Daniel of bad students to gossip
for like 15 hours a day.
What do you think?
A rat.
And maybe we can all them toast back over there.
What do you think?
What do you think?
When I think about that, Chris?
Yeah, sure.
I think they got rid of that square round peg table
this morning, or overall.
Then we really, I try to tune in,
like on the way in around 8 o'clock to see if it's on,
and I haven't noticed it this week, so.
Oh, happy day.
Have you ever said by the Edwin Hawkins singers,
or happy day, no I do, when the square table is gone.
Oh, hallelujah, I'm gonna go out,
and I'm gonna pray to the Lord, hallelujah.
I have found Jesus.
No more square round of puke, I'm gonna say,
well, alright.
I love this song.
I almost makes me want to get religiously.
But I'm one of those heroes.
I can't say what kind of feeling.
I'm like the Holy Roarers, you know,
they're all rolling around today.
You're gonna be dying.
Whatever they get, they're hands up.
They're feeling alive.
And that's why they're so happy, too.
I actually bought this record.
Now, why would a Jew like me, a Jew kid like me,
who used to get beat up by the Catholics,
since I was doing it?
Why would I buy record about Jesus?
I just like to get songs on.
I still like this song, man.
Yeah, me too.
I like some Jesus songs.
Do you?
I think that would be a great format.
Let's go to Christian music.
Alright, it's starting Monday.
Here we go.
I'm gonna go right through the video.
I think it's very nice on that.
Christian songs, but the fundamentalist hate this, you know.
Why was that?
Hate this song and hate this movie.
Because Jesus was not a painted clown.
Jesus was serious.
Did not have a such a...
Jesus is on serious.
What time is that?
You're on.
Hey, the question's hate this.
I don't know if you know.
Did you like this song?
Day by day?
Yeah.
And not really.
Okay.
I mean, you know, I wouldn't like to pute my guts out when I heard it,
but I wouldn't say I liked it.
If I liked it, that means I probably would want to hear it again.
Now, all happy day was I never say anything about day by day.
All happy days when I said I liked that a lot.
Yeah.
We did kill that, that is the most depressing, morbid piece of crap.
1213 at 560 WQM.
All right, top little boy.
Everybody's going back to singmails movie now.
Now's it movie about the crucifixion.
Just get past the violin for movies I'm back now.
And these go see the crucifixion.
All I need went through it's only fair.
Making this movie was messed just too fair.
So come on, come on, rise.
The crucifixion with me.
Oh, I can't wait 1218 at 560 WQM.
Happy Easter, happy pay saw, happy all these,
far-bison holidays, man.
What's the nonsense?
And then the sad part of it is for,
well, there's the old pope, he's a slut.
He's hovering over that thing.
Wouldn't be the first time I'm sure.
The only thing we got for pay saw is that,
and the bread is wander and...
Have the season pay saw.
Have the season pay saw.
We love her so much.
But anyway, she went, anyway, also got to, in case you missed it.
Happy Plum!
That's it for the jewel holidays.
And the bread is wander.
I guess I could play that.
Do you want to sit here twice under two different names?
Did you ever know that?
Yes, I did.
The lady in town.
Shame on you.
I think they're two birds.
The season of the dark street.
And what do you mean?
To buy bread that is unleavened.
Mmm.
Oh.
And she's buying bread that's seven.
He leavened.
Oh, boy.
Oh, and the bread is wander.
Oh, and the bread is wander.
Oh, and the bread is eating wander.
Yes, she makes me cut up.
Wonder what else is all about.
And the other one's called Passover Seven Living.
It's the same bit.
There's lady in town.
Isn't it?
It is the same bit of...
The dark street.
They're different versions.
Same person.
No, it's the same bit.
Okay.
We usually have two versions.
By the day.
The same thing.
No, Bob and Tom would have these people do it in the studio.
Yeah, live sometimes.
We had that first and then we had the nice, small, tiny, 40 birds.
We don't have that no mole.
No.
We don't get a lot of stuff for a war.
Of course, even if we did have it, we probably couldn't play it no mole
because we're in the Joyce era now, man.
Everything we want to play.
All the stuff that would make you laugh and pee in your pants and just...
And tell everybody about it.
We can't play that no mole.
But nonetheless,
we just continue plugging right along.
Okay, because Jesus loves us.
Speaking of that,
somebody sent this in.
Some good stuff.
Keep the facts coming by the way.
Okay, keep them facts is pouring in every day.
Remember, once upon a time when I started doing this thing
and taking almost no calls,
and we get...
Is it in fact is all the time?
Just like the one that's the guy that's in...
We thank him profusely or whoever it is.
Setting all the stories about these child molesting priests.
WQA and hello.
Now that's Comcastic.
The Easter in season unveiling an anatomically correct chocolate sculpture of Jesus Christ
dubbed My Sweet Lord by its creator.
Has infuriated Catholics preparing to observe some of the holiest days of the year?
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
My Sweet Lord.
Boy, there's diabetes, there are traps everywhere,
even in the Easter season.
And of course, then pacitoky candy.
I love that song.
Be too.
There's another one.
What's not to like?
He's up it.
Another song I love is George Harrison
and got my mindset on you.
I love it a lot.
He has a lot of the thoughts.
He has.
He did.
He had.
But just for not his anymore.
He's still got to me.
He just can't sing in no more.
That's all.
Now you expect me to talk this up on a candy early good day?
Of course he can.
The metal bed in the beginning.
I can sing.
The Sixwoods Cup,
by Cosimo Cavalada.
That's enough.
What's today view on Monday evening,
four days before Christians marked the crucifixion of Jesus
on Good Friday.
The final day of the exhibit,
the lab gallery inside Manhattan's Rajasmith Hotel
was planned for Easter Sunday.
How freaking sacrilegious, man.
You're all going to burn in hell, man.
Gonna be like a gigantic barbecue.
A Bobby Cue.
This is one of the worst assaults on Christian sensibilities
ever said, oh William Donahue,
there he is again with his teeth clenched.
He's angry.
He's always angry.
Head of the Catholic League, a watchdog group.
It's not just the openness of the portrayal,
but the timing to choose Holy Week is astounding, he said,
William Donahue, he's fired off and pissed up.
And as I go, pissed up and fired off.
Right, pissed up and fired off.
Right, the gallery's creative director, Matt Semler,
said the lab in the hotel were overrun with angry telephone calls
and emails, overrun.
The gallery was considering, I thought,
overrun would like mice and rats and roaches and stuff like that,
but overrun, the gallery was considering its options,
he said, we're obviously surprised by the overrunning response
in the offense, people have taken said, Semler,
adding that the Holy Week timing was just a quenky dink.
The artwork, and you know, that's another thing,
talking about Joyce.
I've heard of this before and it's true.
Jack Berry had a kid show.
I've heard of this before, named Winky Dink and You.
And that was when I was a little kid,
so it's got to be in the 50s, maybe 60s.
And it's definitely in the 50s, so it's 50 years ago.
And if they try to put a show on now called Winky Dink,
I guarantee you, man, that the FCC and a bunch of self-appointed
guest keys will be having a nervous breakdown, okay?
They might be winking a little bit,
but you can't say no Winky Dink no more.
The artwork was created for more than 200 pounds of milk chocolate
and it features Christ with his arms outstretched.
The Cavalryle creation does not include a loincloth.
Oh, no!
Oh, not a chocolate.
Oh, my goodness.
Well, I'm sure they got plenty of those in the NBA.
A publicist for the gallery said the artist was not available
for comment.
Cavalryle, who was raised in Canada and Italy,
all see it figures Canada.
A lot of perverts here, baby.
That's why I'm here.
His best known for his quirky work with food
and past efforts include repainting a man head in hotel room
and melted mozzarella.
Mmm.
What are you doing up there?
I'm eating the walls.
Spraying five tons of pepper jack cheese on a waming home
and festooning a four-poster bed
with 312 pounds of processed ham.
Oh, there's nothing like having some serious meat in your bed,
but that's not what I was thinking about.
312 pounds of processed ham.
How do you like them, apples, huh?
This is like the guy.
Remember the pink islands?
Who know who that guy?
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, Christo.
Christo.
Christo.
Christo.
Christo.
Christo.
He's oily.
He's gris.
Yeah, definitely.
Christo.
Yeah.
I'm brought over and killed by people.
I'm going to kill all of them.
I'm going to kill all of them.
I'm going to kill all of them.
Yeah, boy, that's hard.
And this is another one of these pseudo-intellectual guys,
you know, this phony balloon.
He's like Andy Warhol with the Campbell soup cane.
Oh, that's really brilliant art, Neil.
That's what art is really all about.
You're just too much of a slob, yeah.
It's understanding.
Good.
I don't want to understand that.
I don't want to talk to a tailor or a doctor.
my drachals out of training.
I want to talk to her.
Well, let me just say that as a one of the last
masters I think in the past, Identical Coll ugh,"
with Kim Gutrophy,
so that everyone knows what I mean by Whereasiping
that man.
I hope that even spoken to him right,
and people know,
what kind of things I call getting to work.
And his thing is he's going to decorate the islands with pink plastic.
Wow!
And of course when it's pink plastic, do you phrase that tell you?
1092 votes.
What do you keep talking about this?
Recall pet food and making such a big sentence about that?
If I was you, all petas in the rowing and hundreds of officials are on the case, means
on PETA activists want the FDA to extend the pet recall.
Some people now believe that your own food is what caused to their animal's death.
And so the question has to be asked, should my foods be added to the recall list?
PETA is calling for precautionary dry food recall until it can be chemically tested and
it's safety assured.
I think all you dog lovers out there ought to cook up an iserloin steak as well, you eat
the dog food and feed your dog an iserloin steak.
Maybe a little shatter, bring on something like that.
And you know what I never knew before in my life, which just made come in handy for some
of you people?
You know what is very deadly?
The dog's in very bad for them?
Chocolate.
Onion?
Well chocolate, yes, onions.
Really?
Oh, we all knew chocolate is very bad.
I didn't know about onions.
I didn't know that.
So if you're going to cook up like some nice ground beef, put the onions in the portion
that you're going to eat, but pass on the onions for your dog.
Especially raw onions, really bad.
I don't know why.
You see what a valuable stuff you learn on this show?
There's that British chef kid again at the boy, they're holding him captive.
I wouldn't mind holding him captive.
I mean, he's for a Brit.
So he's not maybe the greatest Brit is looking around the world.
But for a Brit, I think, hey, look at that.
There's a few Brit that look okay.
I'd say maybe one out of every five million.
Must be in that food, that horrible food that they must be.
That spotted and that totem, that stuff.
Friday, you bastard.
First, it was a hit on MTV.
Then a number one movie.
Now, it's coming to Broadway.
It's Jackass, The Musical, starring Johnny Knoxville.
Hello, Johnny.
Spread your jeans.
Johnny, it's so fun to punch you right there in the gooch.
Yeah.
Yes, almost.
Risky Stunts have been combined with fabulous show tunes to create Jackass, The Musical.
Wow.
The music.
The dancing.
The guy eating a yellow snowcoat.
It was better than cats.
76 dumb guys, passing the whole car.
76 eyed bits, wheels of pants.
Don't miss Jackass, The Musical.
With all your favorite Jackass' onstage singing torch songs, then setting their hair on fire with them.
I'm evil, I'm skeeful, I'm just rigging local.
I'm burning to myself today.
Both great, white, way has just turned black and blue.
Thanks to Jackass, The Musical.
1232, 5, 6, 7, 7, 7, 8, 7, 8, 1100, 1103, which means 1200 easy today.
Chris, Noah, sweat, and I'll know pressure.
I like that.
I want no pressure going to the weekend.
He's on the phone.
Yeah, the bookie.
Yeah, I'm here.
Sorry about that.
That's okay.
You can do that.
A lot of people talk to their bookie during their shows.
That's exactly right.
Some of them, the host, every now and then, talks to the bookie on the phone.
I remember that one day that Hank had, like, interrupt the show and run the other room and talk to his bookie on the cell phone.
That was good.
That was good stuff.
I don't think he could have invited him to have a bookie though.
If you're right about the square table in the, in all, I'll add another crap, then we ought to be like, having billboards out.
The coast is clear.
You can listen to the Kenny and Bo morning show now.
The square table is gone.
People are going to be having big parties all weekend long to celebrate.
I noticed it a couple days and then I wasn't here yesterday, so I asked their interns today.
He's like, well, I don't know if it's gone or we've been kind of out on the road and I'm like, okay, it's gone, basically.
They haven't done it like 340 years ago.
You better hope like hell it's gone.
QIN, hello.
Hello.
My name is Richard Glegg.
I'm a long time listener of your program.
Yes.
I'd like to invite you and your producer to my book signing at Books and Books on April the 4th at 6pm.
The title of my book is Nobody's Perfect, but critiquey.
Hello.
Hello, what?
Well, you think I'm going to leave him on?
Oh, he got cut off somehow?
He didn't get cut off. I hung up on him.
When he got cut off somehow, my ass was going to ask if he was going to have refreshments there at the book store.
Yeah, refresh my ass.
Okay, get out of here.
Where do you think he's going to have refreshments?
What kind of a...
You see what I mean about these people?
That's a phone call.
Richard Glegg's being here.
Happy Paysoft, dick.
Oh, my God.
But he'll be at Books and Books by the way, signing a...
signing a...
I guess you have to sign a...
Massa would like a magic marker.
See, that's another really pathetic thing about all the things that you play.
Most of you people are going to be doing these next couple of weeks.
Not a lot of you.
Most of you are going to be doing it.
I hope not.
Not this heat in the audience.
Most of our people are too smart.
You get stuck in doing that crap.
Just like on Ask Wednesday, smear any ashes on the forehead, like some kind of a freak.
Like you woke up at a dimstie dumpster or something?
Crystall, my dear.
What are you people going to get with it?
And why are you all...
We got to eat motsa because we can't eat 11 bread.
You ever put a hamburger?
How about a cheeseburger on motsa?
That sounds really tricky.
Mmm, that's a burger.
And I guess something I might not be too bad.
A little on the messy side.
I don't know how to eat that baby, but a motsa burger.
Massa Christo.
What?
Level the whole four on the pole.
All the dumb things that people do.
And why do they do it?
Because their parents told them that and their parents before that.
And because this is tradition.
So as killing people is tradition, okay?
Does that make it right?
Does that make it mean that people with a brain do stuff like that?
Are we candy, regular bread?
And we have to drink a lot of wine and get...
Oh, it's good, shaker.
WQA M, hello.
WQA M, hello.
Yeah, can I talk to Neil, please?
Speaking, please.
Neil, how are you?
This is still from Pembroke Fine.
How's everything?
Okay, sir.
Uh...
Yeah?
Yeah, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Let me turn my radio off.
Turn that thing off, man.
Smash it.
I just wanted to compliment you.
Great show, love your show, and I'm from India.
Are you from India, man?
Yes, sir.
We've got a lot of people from India here in Toronto, man.
I'll say that.
Oh, I know.
I think half your country is here.
And by the way, quick, uh...
Having them outsource all the jobs to your people.
We're getting pretty peoed about that.
I know.
I know.
But hey...
It's fault.
Thanks, I'll leave.
Okay, see you.
I didn't say it was his fault.
Well, geez, I just had a little fun with a guy, and you can all defensive now.
What's that all about?
Don't forget everybody.
Now I'm a zizzer to your cats' ass in time for a pesa.
That's part of the ritual that we do.
I just made that one up.
Rabbi Neal.
Rabbi Nochman.
Baruch Hatad, anoy, all this other huzzarai.
You know, it's just...it's so pathetic.
And when you've even had like a little taste of it, you know, when you've had a little bit of experience for that...
I mean, like me, I wasn't...
I didn't grow up in even the slightly religious family.
They went on the high holidays, you know.
The holidays when you get high.
When you have to be high to participate.
Oh yeah.
That's what most Jews do in my experience.
I mean, of course, then there are the real extremists, the Orthodox, and the uber Orthodox,
and the real obnoxious, far-bisoned geckys, but nevertheless.
See, to me, Judaism was never really much of a religion.
It was more like a, you know, a culent-everything, a dietary club.
Let's go get some blinces.
Oh, that's what I'm going to have for lunch.
I'm going to go get me some blinces.
Mmm.
Some lots of all-super-blinces.
Wouldn't that be a great way to celebrate Pesach?
Yeah, sure.
That sounds really good to me.
No, that's a bad idea.
Maybe instead I'll have some kosher...
See, I'm maybe getting the car and go to...
I'll rent a car and drive the buffalo to Amherst.
And get that kosher for Pesach, cold stone creamier ice cream.
It says, Certified Kosha.
The rabbi left his mark on it.
Okay, left his stain on the container.
1106 on that pool today.
And how's the Godfather doing?
Bringing up the rear, only 20.
Although the Godfather is going to pass my space.
Maybe that's why we don't have...
If we stuck in that 1293 on there, maybe all the people who were interested in my space.
Maybe we got them all now in this crowd.
Maybe it's all the way...
I had three new requests this morning, but of course I've only got like 400 something as opposed to your, you know, 7000 or whatever.
Yeah, three new requests from what?
From like real people?
Friend requests. Well, that's not get crazy.
People, I don't know how real they are.
In other words, not people just trying to pedal a product and win some kind of a stupid iPhone or something like that.
Two out of the three were real people.
One was what you just said.
Pedal...
Pedal in crack.
Yeah, can I...
And then when somebody the guy this morning said, thanks for the ad.
Mm-hmm.
Back when we first started doing that thing and people would write, thanks for the ad.
And I'd say, what? What does that mean? Thanks for the ad.
Well, what does that mean?
I mean, I know what it means, but it's just so...
Just stopping by to say hi and thanks for the ad and thanks for the memories and all these other stupid ads clichs.
Hey, it's just like the Motsaman, it's the same thing.
Or speaking of Motsaman, I haven't played that in years, you know? I played that other one.
Probably a good reason I hadn't played it. Because it sucks.
Mm-hmm.
What do you think?
Who is?
As a new bro hustling, found the disco home.
Get rid!
Body, water, body.
Shape like a Mots of Ball.
I think it's okay. I think it may be coming up very soon to modify.
It'll kill some time.
It will kill two minutes and 24 seconds.
Now that we're trying to kill time here, we are here to dazzle you and to entertain and to make you day almost survivable and livable and sound-flavored dog.
That's what we're here to do.
And also to get that paycheck.
As a new bro hustling, found the disco home.
Get rid!
Body, water, body.
Shape like a Mots of Ball.
It will help him you to show up.
Panting and doing need.
It does!
Won't have got a bagel before the cream cheese.
Oi! Oi! Oi! Oi!
Oi! Oi! Oi! Oi!
These are my some, my some, my some hand.
Come there, kosher, this is your king.
These are my some, my some, my some hand.
He's gotta be a macho man.
Break out!
Oi!
Smokey, smoky dog.
You gotta be much make the way he roll away.
You're taking back. Oi! I brought him.
Oi! Oi! Oi!
I'm going to be much make the way he tall.
I can eat much, she can live it and any men are alive
Barbaranian
I singing
We are not so mad, so mad, so mad
someizzatha me ashukfschi
ii
Come on, he's a lot, so much, so much, so man He's gotta be, a lot, so man He's a much, so much, so much, so man
Maybe if he's got someone, that boy, that boy in Japan, huh?
I don't even know what they call that but it's like I do know what they call but I can't think of it.
When they bring you the bread you know before the meal, you bring you a basket with bread.
And they're a lot of men go look at your profile pic on your space on my space on your space.
Okay now what is that I have to do what I was just saying?
Nothing nothing's more important.
That is a beauty.
Wow the on-fother nice job Miguel with the cat and everything.
Oh no with a kitty cat.
It's like I've never been to one of those literally infiguratively.
Now what I was just saying about the tenor restaurants where they call it.
It is very much like Moths it's like a almost like crackers.
You never saw it.
Yeah sure I have.
Well what do they call it?
I don't know.
Mothsa.
No it's not Mothsa man it's not Mothsa's for goyem.
It's Mothsa for goyem.
Mothsa my ass.
When state voters agreed to let the slots roll in south Florida they were promised that taxes raised from the machines would go to benefit education.
They were mince made of ours would by and Saturday I should have wanted to give back that money I want on Wednesday.
Maybe I'll play Nichols.
During the heated fall 2004 campaign proponents filed that hundreds of millions of dollars would flow into these states.
Public school system if casinos were allowed in power would invade.
Similar to the sales pitch made to win support for the Florida lottery in the 80s.
Expectations were that the money would be set aside for specific improvements in education.
Now that Vegas style slots have been operating in Broward for several months.
Florida legislators have begun the debate over how to spend the tax revenue they generate and local lawmakers aren't real happy about these solutions being proposed.
Big bucks are involved the state estimates more than 50 million dollars in taxes will come from Broward slots in the budget year that starts July 1.
By 2010 the sum could top 300 million.
The state center wants to put their money into programs able to help in college students.
The house wants to fund one of these states public school operating fund without specific instructions on what it should pay for.
Broward legislators say neither option was the reason their constituents supported expanded gaming.
One of the concerns is that the slots money might be used not to actually increase school funding but to replace other sources of state revenue that now fund public education.
Only in Florida baby is always the same craft. They give you a solid advance and they just can't do it the right way.
They always tell you one thing it's the old bait and swish baby if you're governor gay, bait and swish.
Representative Jack Saver, a Democrat of Wilton Manor speaking of that.
The lead Democrat on budget issues in the house said voters were promised the money would go specifically to enhance education and should be told exactly how the money is benefiting schools.
When you promote constitutional amendments and you make representations we owe it to the people to follow through Saver said.
Oh, when did that start in Florida?
Senate budget writers have proposed using the new source of revenue source to fund prepaid tuition scholarships so this advantage children can attend state universities and community colleges.
The proposal from Senator Steve Wise Republican Jacksonville, chair of the Senate K-12 budget committee calls for $20 million in slots revenue to be put in a special fund each year with interest from the money being used to finance the scholarships.
Our objective is to provide the best education we can for all kids wise said.
Senator Evelyn Lynn, Republican of Ormond Beach, chair of one of the Senate's higher education appropriation committee wants to put some of the slots money into bright future scholarships so the tuition cost for the regular years while the summer school will be paid.
But a beep but a boop but a bob.
The house plan would plow all the revenue generated by slots into the operating fund for schools but school districts would have the flexibility to use the extra dollars any way they want according to representative Curtis Richardson and Tallahassee, a member of the House Education Budget Committee in a formerly on County School Board member.
Some worry that voters will equate the promise to use slots money for education improvement with promises made when selling the state lottery.
Lottery dollars the first were put into education but soon supplied other funds allocated to public schools with a little extra money actually going to education.
Nowadays, however, much of the lottery money is used for pre-kindergarten classes and to pay for bright future scholarships.
But a beep but a boop but a bob. And a beep goes on.
Now, the old like I said, vacation switch. It's Florida, man. It's the Florida F and Way.
There's the right way to do it and then there's the Florida way to do it.
Not slow, not fast, strictly half fast.
Pathetic.
1120 votes on the pool. Like I told Chris, we're going to make 1200 a day on a Friday. Not bad, not too shabby.
That means we got maybe 1200 people voting unless the question vote in three, four times a piece which means we got at least three, four hundred people listening. Right?
Correct.
Do the math as they say.
Whoever they are. I can't do the math.
I know who they were, man. I'd go to the brains out if I could find out where they are. Probably sitting on them.
1124, I enjoy Neil most when he gets blank intensive. Politics 391.
I mean, it's like, you know, March of 2007. Just come down.
But although it's almost April, baby. Can you believe it?
I believe it. Time flies. As the crow flies, time flies.
Fairies fly. Everybody's flying. I'm flying away pretty soon. And you're not.
I think you ought to go North Carolina, take care of that house. I'm going to take Mama seat up North.
Oh, yeah, Lieber there. Lieber there like you remember that woodchipping scene in Fargo? Well, there are a lot of cliffs up there.
The note, remember that woodchipping scene. I do.
I enjoy most when Neil gets station management intensive 156. If we had any, I could talk about him. We ain't got anybody we're talking about.
I hate this poll 70 6.2%. I enjoy most when Neil gets sex intensive 62. But what about on the show?
I'm always sex intensive heavy heavy intensive ratings intensive 60 food intensive 58 hockey intensive 45.
Well, what is that all about? I mean, that granted it's only 4%. What else at all about?
Are they saying that's like stuck up or something? And what is the reason for that? You know, that's not true.
Better. Poverlay comes it back to the pool line. How it is? But technically you're holding it in with eight seconds left.
Poverlay back in his own zone. Opticurlopoliacabal.
Just better. Well, how many times they show this? Least is different. Lose it over time. Three to two. They couldn't afford to lose that game in Atlanta last night.
They did playoffs unlikely. Panthers playoffs. No chance. Yeah, but they've been winnally late. No chance.
1124 votes. I enjoy most when Neil gets hockey intensive 45. You should live so long.
My space intensive only 24 and the godfather is going to pass my space like we're standing still 21.
It is really lovely Neil the godfather. For anybody that and I was that right above the dog that dog. Yeah, it's not too far above the dog doing its trick.
Yeah, I was something maybe somebody taught the dog to do that trick. What do you think?
I don't know. That looks like a self taught trick to me. Does it really? Well, he was frustrated. You can relate to it. Did anybody teach you? No. Well then.
I wish they would have if we could figure it out then certainly a dog can. Certainly a little little dog. He was a frustrated.
And he's safe figure to give himself a helping paw. You've heard that expression when somebody helping paw. Sure.
So we got 1130 on the pool. Life is good. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm just I'm just tempted. You know this last hour of the week.
To delve into it just a little bit. Not I don't want to stick my toe in there too far because I might get wet. You know.
I'm going to stick your toe in there a little bit and I might get some disease. We'll see.
Once the leg hits us up we'll see if there's going to be any action or not. I'll bite. Just a little teeny tiny bit. Maybe not. Although here's line one though.
I heard you call your lips around you. I beg your pardon? Said how's it going? 5 6 7 0 5 60. Last chance because in the last hour I'll just go through my huge pile here.
Want to give them a golden opportunity to give them here and share with us all of Britain. Like the guy to call about the American Idol and dancing with the stars.
Wtf any QAM? Hello? Yes. How you doing? Okay. How you doing? What? How you doing in the heart? How are you doing in the heart of the thought of this?
How you doing at Windsor? Do you know where Windsor is? Windsor is like across the building under Detroit. How am I doing at Windsor? The Hanna's Houses?
That's another one when he gets Hanna's racing in sense of we should probably put that on her but don't. Don't do it.
Wtf any QAM? Hello? We hate when you talk about my face. Wtf any QAM? Hello?
Like I said, I stuck my toe in there just a little teeny tiny bit and all of a sudden maybe there was like a gator in the pool. You know?
I got chomped on. I didn't see actually the winning goal in this game last night for Atlanta. I don't think I want to. I think I'll take the break. I'll probably poup my guts out. I'm sure you were like tuned in.
Okay, broken up there by steam. It'll remain in the zone with staging getting it free. How speed?
Now you do realize that there's a hockey team in Florida, Panthers in South Florida and of course everybody asks that one musical question.
Then nobody can figure out the answer.
Why?
This is odd. This is not a tumor. It's the one for two hours.
It's impaired for how worried you are.
It's fine. 50,000,000,000. I think it can be. I'm more worried.
If you listen to an audience of the anxiety here, the new comma.
Come, comma, comma. Come, comma. Come, D.
Let's think of a comma. D.
Well, it's a sports related which could be the situation.
I don't know. It's sports related. That's what makes it funnical.
Fun, fun, fun, fun. Yeah, funny for us to giggle.
Okay, here it is, gentlemen. Multi out there. I can get this electronic device to work.
Funnical sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth. I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I make sounds, with my mouth.
I make sounds with my mouth.
I want to flash to a Gillian.
One or two or five sixty, you have any QAM.
So that's just a rumor.
Now who did you talk to about whether or not they were having a square round oblong table?
Well I asked their intern because somebody who's been there every day this week
and maybe they did it at a different time.
But I mean you should know that you just did it around the eight o'clock break.
Yeah. And they haven't done it these last couple of weeks, this last week.
Yeah. So either they were listening to you or in fact they're only getting one collar
instead of the two that they need for the round table, they gave it up.
Did he just answer my question and he just give me a bunch of dollars?
I told you I talked to their intern Eric.
And what did he say?
He said they have not had it this week, but he didn't know because they were like,
you know, they went to the ball game yesterday and somebody had it or if they just weren't doing it anymore.
Well I guess I want to tune in in the body of the world without doing it.
Oh yeah. I'm going to be glued to the radio Monday morning baby.
I'm going to be sitting here like on the edge of my seat waiting to see if we have the square table,
the oblong, the rectangular, the hexagonal, whatever we got.
The pup tent?
You think it's going to be any difference?
That's a look good on you though the pup tent.
Yeah. Who's in the pup tent today?
I think a lot of people are pitching a fit about that.
You're all going to be wrong about that and I said something about pitching a tent.
But I think many people are pitching a fit, but I could be definitely wrong.
Don't get me started now. You're the bad influence.
I don't know.
The specific justice instance of this continuing to challenge Seattle Washington mayor Greg Nichols,
for issuing an executive order recognizing same-sex marriages from other jurisdictions,
for the purpose of providing employee benefits it was announced today, which was yesterday.
The legal organization is also criticizing him for supporting legalization of same-sex marriages in Washington
and for taking both actions despite the state lawmakers passing a defensive marriage act,
Doma, which limits marriage to one man and one woman,
also against the mayor for defying Doma is continuing.
Mayor Nichols signed the executive order March 8, 2004.
In a press release at the time he noted that if he and his wife were to buy a house
or visit a family member in the hospital, absolutely nobody challenges us about the legitimacy of our mayoral status.
He said for gay lesbian couples to be our for the same rights was a matter of fairness.
Mayor Nichols also launched July 26, 2004 in a press release,
criticized the Washington State Supreme Court for upholding Doma.
He said the court failed in a sense to tear down another wall of inequity and prejudice
that has long stained our society through law for homosexual marriage.
The Pacific Justice Institute, P.J.I., saw a big lasting answer to the mayor,
according to a press release, to stop to find the state Doma law.
The law said it was delayed while Washington State Supreme Court considered the constitutionality of the law,
but now that the court has declared the law constitutional, the case against the mayor is proceeding.
Kevin Snyder, chief counsel for the Sacramento-based P.J.I.,
criticized the mayor for his support of homosexual marriage.
He said Mayor Nichols' motives are clear, clear, clear.
He said the real purpose of his executive order was not going to allow the government benefits for same-sex couples in Seattle,
but was to change state marriage laws.
Snyder said in a press release that the mayor's comments, when signing the executive order,
seemed to be an inappropriate statement if you're merely talking about employee benefits.
Snyder said the mayor's actions could have a ripple effect,
and other civic leaders around the country, and that's why a stand must be taken.
Stand by your man, is that what Tammy Wannett said? Stand by your man.
Oh, that's bad.
Snyder said if the mayor's actions support homosexual marriage and against the state Doma law continue,
this would give other local agencies the gumption to try to overturn their own state-murage laws
by going around it through these employee benefits. The gumption.
Is that a word that you use very often?
Gumption, just this morning.
Gumption.
According to the official position of the P.J.I., the mayor's actions are another example of the lines
that radical advocates of same-sex marriage are going to go to advance their agenda.
It's that homosexual agenda, baby. It's really gay.
Yeah. Snyder recalled that a mission in court rejected similar actions by homosexual marriage supporters.
But a beef, but a boot, but a bop, and a beef goes on.
Looking 44 on a fall, I thought we would make 1200 and 9 without any problem at all, no sweat.
Mad Dog come out for two. We got named ball games. We got the Panthers and the Crapidels tonight at the Macarena,
boy, that should be one hell of a game.
Must win, and the Panthers played the Crapidels again on Sunday.
Wow. I'm getting all kinds of reports about how they have these desperate people that keep going around on the Macarena.
We're here to try to get you to renew your season tickets.
Is there any way we can do it? I mean, if we offer you a bunch of free balloons and stuff like that,
and give you 10% off on the overpriced crappy food, things like that,
is there any way you'll renew those season tickets?
Not going to make the playoffs again, but nevertheless, given a hell of a shot, given it a run.
The world's biggest manufacturer of household grooming and grooming products, voice hopes, this week,
that an urban distributor from a rival company who had left voice mail messages
alleging that part of Parker and Gamble's profits went to devil worshiping cults.
Does that make sense to you?
What?
Voice hopes yesterday that an urban distributor from a rival company would left voice mail messages
alleging that part of Parker and Gamble's profits went to devil worshiping cults.
Does that make any sense to me?
That was an old rumor that Parker and Gamble, because of their symbol, was in league with the devil.
A lot of things.
Press the whole bunch of things.
Aren't they?
Is it everybody?
Would Lucifer, baby, Lucifer, PNG, which owns French such as Pampers,
Gillette, Heavensholders and Ariel, has long been in despair over the stubborn refusal of such claims to go away.
Since the rumors first appeared in 1981, the corporation has had a battle of boycotts from Christian groups.
In other words, crazy people.
Copied more than 200,000 telephone inquiries from customers and fight the ability of word of mouth and laterally the Internet to disseminate them.
The origins of this accusation are apparently based on a passage from the book of Revelation in the Bible stating,
and they're appeared a great wonder in heaven, a woman clothed with a sun and the moon under her feet,
and a potter had a crowd of twelve crown of twelve stars.
PNG's logo used to consist of a bearded and twin-horned man in the moon surrounded by 13 stars.
Oh my God!
Exactly.
Plains that this represented a deliberate mockery of the heavenly symbol were fueled by others suggesting that a mirror image of the mark of the beast,
the number 666, could be seen inside the logo, maybe on your Pampers.
I guess it depends, huh?
That was good.
The corporation denied this point out that the stars were intended to contribute to America's 13 original states,
and that the 666 pen emerged only if an arbitrary game of connected dots was played.
Oh, I played that all the time, don't you?
Sure, I acted dots.
It's 666 all the time.
PNG eventually abandoned the old logo on everything except some of its buildings, but not before a new and even more virulent version of the urban myth emerged.
This alleged that the corporation's president appeared on the field on a hue March 1st, 1994 to confirm that a large portion of his profits went to support the Church of Satan!
Oh my God!
All right.
It went on to quote the PNG executive boasting to Mr. Don Hue that this would not hurt business because there are not enough Christians in the U.S. to make a difference.
There have been repeated denials from Procter & Gamble and TV companies that anybody from the corporation had appeared on such a show making such an extraordinary statement.
But in April 1995, Randy Hogan, a dealer for Anneway Corporation with sales similar household merchandise, placed an audio message in the company's voicemail system,
repeating this allegation and urged listeners to boycott 43 listed Procter & Gamble products.
PNG accused three other Anneway distributors of forwarding the message including Stephen Byby, as it gone Byby, who told the court that there was no malicious intent.
My goal when I sent the rumor down was to fight the Church of Satan, he said, you go, baby, Byby.
Terry Loftus, a PNG spokesman, said yesterday that the corporation had spent large sums of money defending its reputation from false allegations that it led to an unquantifiable loss of business.
The rumor will probably never go away completely, but the number of calls we get on have fallen off significantly after we start taking legal action he added.
Anneway was his defendant itself against directly the alleged promise to tough its former distributors if they seek to appeal against the court ruling.
Kate McLeod, spokeswoman for Attacore, Anneway's parent company, said that despite the form and making public apologies, PNG has spent 12 years destroying their lives.
She added Procter & Gamble is a 68 billion dollar company, what they got out of this case is what they could earn in about 2.5 hours, and we think that is shameful, she said.
It must be true, the Internet said so.
Oh, these are other similar things.
Marlboro cigarette packs contain references to the Ku Klux Klan, three Ks appear on the packaging and the horses legs in the filibor's crest out of outline white clan hoods.
Oh, the occult symbol of the horned owl is visible in the center of the GA 2005 logo, the white space within the logo forms the head and body of the owl, and the horns are marked in white either side of the fissile flower.
Oh, these are important things to know.
When you listen to these carefully now in Apple with a bite taken out of it may seem innocuous logo, but the occultist think the apple logo represents the biblical fruit and symbolizes the path of self-deventity achieved through knowledge.
The AOL logo can be viewed as a stylized all-seeing eye and a sonic symbol of the devices that depict this image are logos of the wind, starbucks and Adobe Photoshop and the American dollar bill.
The dollar bill also shows another Masonic symbol of pyramid.
However, the US government claims that these illustrations represent the work of nation building, the unfinished pyramid and the divine eye of Providence.
A close examination a naked man with an erect penis can be seen in the Campbell cigarette logo.
And the figure 66 are visible within the world economic form logo.
All of these things, baby, it's all the work of the devil.
He's he works in the serious way just like the Lord man.
Now if the Lord was all pissed off of the devil, when you think he would like smite him, smote him, oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
If you got him, you got those candles man.
James Cameron presents Jesus Christ in my one son starring Jesus Christ.
Mary Magdalene, Judah and Pontius Pilate as Uncle Charlie.
James Cameron presents Leavitt to Judah, starring Hugh Beaumont as Jesus, while Rebellion's Lee as Mary Magdalene and Jerry Mathers as the Judah.
Do you ever wish that your family and friends knew their Bible verses better?
Well I have the answer to your prayers.
From the makers of You Sank My Martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy.
Crucifixion.
Crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible.
And it's easy to play.
First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible, and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it.
But be careful, if you pick a wrong letter, your little Jesus doll gets nailed.
And I'll put the dust, and I'll put it on a chair.
No, sorry Billy.
I'm sorry Jesus.
After three nails and one spear to the chest, everyone loses.
But don't worry, in three days you can play again.
So run down to your local Crucifixion toy store and grab up your very own copy of Crucifixion.
Why not play tonight?
Comes with a small Jesus doll, nails and a tiny spear.
Fake blood wouldn't cross and hammer not included.
Crucifixion, a parodic of Trinity brothers.
All right, it sets out in the air, baby.
All the guest fees all the time.
You've got your Easter and your paysocks and your mouses and your wine and your Easter eggs.
And those great little, what tells you, those candies, little Easter eggs?
Well, I mean Easter candies just over the line.
They have a shaped melted note balls with like a candy other than the other ones.
Yeah, they're good.
I see you're starting in again. I got to stuff this stuff.
You brought it up.
I brought off one.
Candy!
No, I did not.
I said they got a lot of Easter candy and then you brought up a multi-milk.
Rural.
You're running 57 on a pole by the way.
We got 42 minutes for 43 votes.
Man, if we can't do that, we might as well close up shop.
We might as well shut this baby down.
We can't do 43 minutes and 42.
Whatever the hell it is.
See, I picked a pretty good number.
I think we're going to be right around that 12-hour mark.
Might not make it. We need 41 votes in 42 minutes.
What do you think, Chris?
We got it nailed.
Then that was fancy.
The goiim are going to be very upset.
You don't get Easter time.
You don't say we got it nailed.
That's a bad choice of words.
Well, I am a goiim.
So it's okay.
No, you're not.
Are you actually a heathen?
You believe in that crap?
Well, I'm Roman Catholic by birth.
I mean, you're Roman Catholic by birth?
He's got what I mean.
Roman Catholic.
Roman Catholic.
And, or else another was you took a bath.
Well, that's good.
That whole thing.
I mean, you can get me started at any one of those aspects.
So, all I have nonsense.
Dunkin' into the water.
All work.
Yes, a big deal.
Go swimming in Lake Ontario.
Okay, it'll be up to about 14 degrees by now.
Go take a hike and stick your head in there.
Stick your toe in there.
Oh, look at that.
CNN's got a thing.
What is the Christian?
I can answer that with a lot of what I'm watching that show.
That's the answer to the question.
So, are you actually going to church?
I haven't been to church in a couple of years.
And why is that?
Are you guys following me?
I'm a Catholic.
Is that it?
Have you fallen?
Sure.
I just don't want to totally believe in the whole
what's being preached, who's preaching and everything.
So, I chose not to say that.
What did Whitney, who's preaching?
What does that mean?
That some guy who's probably not as holy as he tries to come off as is.
Some guy is telling me he's not a being holy.
With a dress on and a frock.
Exactly.
Like, fire, tuck, I almost said, tire, something.
Yeah, fire truck.
Tire, tuck.
Yeah.
Tuck it in now.
Otherwise, father will tool my getting nervous.
Some of the things you finally caught on is that what you're trying to say.
You're finally getting wise and getting away from all that crap all the baloney, all the hypocrisy, hypocrisy baby.
1161 on that pool, man.
We need 39 votes for greatness to 1200.
Climate change, coastal megacities in for a bumpy ride.
Boy, that's a good thing.
I'm not living on no coast.
You are.
Yeah, about 643 million people are one tenth of the world's population who live in low-lying coastal areas.
Are at great risk.
Great risk, not just risk, but great risk.
Of oceans-related impacts of climate change according to a global research study to be released next month.
The study by researchers at Columbia University Center for International Earth Sciences Information Network and London-based International Institute for Environment Development is the first of its kind.
The researchers identified populations, especially urban populations, at greater risk from rising sea levels and more intense storms due to climate change.
Of the more than 180 countries with populations in the low-elevation coastal zone, 130 of them, about 70 percent, have their largest urban area extending to that zone said Bridget Anderson, research associate.
Furthermore, the world's largest cities, those with more than five minute residents, have on average a fifth of their population and one-six of their land area within this coastal zone.
The study, which will be posted in the peer-reviewed journal environment and urbanization,
assesses the rest of populations in urban settlements along coastal areas that are less than 10 meters above sea level, referred to as the low-elevation coastal zone, like South Florida, for example.
10 meters is well, like 30 feet.
Okay, their votes, yeah.
Although globally, this zone accounts for only 2 percent of the world's land area contains 10 percent of the world's population and 13 percent of the world's urban population is study found.
The 10 countries with the largest number of people living in this vulnerable low-elevation zone include in descending order, China, India, Bangladesh, Vietnam, Indonesia, Japan, Egypt, the USA, Thailand and the Philippines.
Cities such as Dakshanghai and Mumbai are some of the most susceptible to coastal, climate-related hazards such as floods, storms and cyclones.
And the rapid urbanization occurring in these cities, especially in China, which has growing special economic zones along its coast, will continue to track more and more people.
On average coastal cities are growing 20 percent faster than any other cities in the world and they have 10 to 15 percent higher densities than other cities.
Of the 20 megacities in the world, 15 of them are coastal.
The study found that 75 percent of the people living in vulnerable low-elevation zone and 2 thirds of the world's urban population are in Asia.
The study found that 14 percent of the population of the least developed countries live in the LECZ, comparably 10 percent of wealthier countries.
21 percent of the urban populations in least developed countries live in this zone. In richer countries being belonging to the organization of the pre-economic cooperation and development, this number drops to 11 percent.
And it goes on with this number and a million numbers, okay. The study makes it clear that sea levels are not expected to rise anywhere near the 10 meters of low-elevation zone.
Although small island states have the largest share of land in the low-elevation zone with therefore, be most likely affected by sea-related hazards, they tend to have far less of their population living in this zone.
Call up Dr. Barry Sears, okay, and tell him what to find out about the zone. There's Rob Marciano.
Let's take a look at his zone, okay. See what Rob's got in his zone.
That's the spin. You see some purples earlier. Good news is, it does look like it's weakening just a little bit.
See, he's not interested in mine. He'd rather hang on to his zone.
That's a rough indication of what we would see just on reflectivity of what we would see.
What do you say? Did he hear that word he said?
No. What word did he say? He was trying to say...
I don't think he came out like that. There was a couple letters like that.
Listen, we don't want to go into it. We're good joist again.
I don't know what it is, but I'm starting to get to that point where I keep thinking about her all the time now.
Really, in the shower?
No, I mean, during the show, not in the shower, in my field.
During the show?
Listen to me.
I keep thinking about all these things that we can't play anymore. We can, however, play...
That's so remarkable.
Well, I don't think we can say that. Well, we can't. We just did.
1169 on the pool. We need a Swiss drug maker Novartis AG to stop selling the drug that believes constipation.
Oh, that's not good.
Oh, my God.
I'm not going around to hear about that. Wow, she'd be really upset.
A woman with irritable bowel syndrome and constipation.
Again, the company that owns Xell Norm is going to be taking it off-store shells according to the FDA's request,
because the FDA has linked it with a higher chance of heart attacks.
Oh, lovely. Okay, there we go. What's wrong with that?
Because if you're a squeeze heart, enough you could have a heart attack anywhere like Elvis.
He was probably, as they say, they like to say in those manuals, straining at stool.
Have you ever seen that term?
No.
What does it mean in stool?
It means squeezing for good reason is what it means.
It's tools ought to reach you either.
We don't have a good reason, but there ain't very much pleasing. That is what that means.
Well, there's another example of why there's no God.
And of course, people would say the religious crowd would say,
oh, well, that's not God's way. That's a, if people would eat the right meal in a fiber, yeah.
Of course, there's a lot of fiber in apples, too, then how come you didn't want them eating the fruit on the tree?
That's a lot of fiber in that good stuff there.
Maybe Eve wouldn't have been so constipated.
I enjoy most when Neil gets blank intensive, 1169 votes.
We got to the 1200 look. You're right. See, I picked a good number. I picked the magic number.
Did I not? I said yes.
Yes, he did.
Polypix 409.
That's okay. You can kissy kissy. That's all right.
Polypix 409. Religion 246.
We need to do a lot more anti-religion shows and spiderweak clearances telling you, okay?
If we can have a Chris Cammone here and testify how he was molested as a child.
Or how he wishes he was molested as a child.
Remember what it is?
Depends by who?
By the family priest.
By the father.
Station management 161.
I hate this poll 71 and even Steven 6%.
I enjoy most when Neil gets sex intensive 64.
Hmm. Just wait till this weekend, baby.
I'm thinking about it right now as a matter of fact.
That doesn't mean anything's necessarily going to happen, but I'm thinking about it.
That's a good start, isn't it?
Sure, what a rating 62.
Food 61.
I'm thinking about that too and that's not good.
Those cheeseblosses and mosa balls soup sounds...
Mmm. To me, you know?
Sounds yummy.
Hockey 46, Myspace 26, and Godfather, they're both bottom feeders, men are like catfish.
They're swimming at the bottom.
The Godfather only painted trays.
I got to a spot.
Faked out for tonight.
Yeah, did you move?
Did you move a little bit?
No.
It doesn't move. You should see, no.
Oh, you bastard.
Are you ready for some football, then tune in to ESPN Gay.
And he hits the hole right after Jesse opens it up.
Oh yeah.
ESPN Gay.
I'll just pack that down.
I'm so cowboy.
Bears, Vikings, Packers.
You'll get them all on ESPN Gay.
He's got a fire and those guy right here.
Peel the sweat.
You push, you push, you push, you pour smell.
The passion.
You just load him backwards.
You just want to ride on his back.
There's ain't some makeover show on Bravo.
It's the NFL on ESPN Gay.
And then everyone's trying to flop it around down there and front and groan it.
You know, you get mud and stuff flying and getting faddles and scrum, like, myers.
ESPN Gay.
Where there's never a wardrobe malfunction.
I don't know, where that one came from.
Some days will never be the same.
That looked like it'd be me.
The last shot out of the Roman candle.
Call your cable operator now.
And demand ESPN Gay.
What the big ol' thing?
What the hell?
What the hell?
That looked good.
ESPN Gay.
Now that's a mouthful.
Oh yeah, it looks succulent to me.
It's $133.27.205.60 WDQM Mad Dog at 2.
And then the power hour and then Hank at Gulf Stream and then the Panthers and the Crapidels with Goldie.
Egg gone by a 17-year-old, 2 10-year-old boys joined in the attack of a Florida homeless man,
leaving him bruised and bloody police in.
2 10-year-old boys, Zinedamerica man.
They ought to be put on the NBC evening news tonight and put side by each in each other's lap
and fried and old smoking or old sparky, don't you think?
Absolutely.
Fire that baby up.
The incident highlights an up swinging violent crime across the U.S. against the homeless peoples.
In 2006, there were 140 to attacks and 20 murders, several involving teenagers seeking a vicious thrill.
Oh and just what movie I saw last night again.
I give up.
Hostile.
Really?
You never saw that?
Yeah, I saw in the theater.
That was hostile that I paid money to see it.
You didn't like that?
Nope.
Do you see it, Chris?
Not yet.
What do you mean not yet?
How old is that movie?
Come on, Sierra.
Couple years.
You're in half?
You didn't like hostile?
No.
Sorry.
How could anybody not like that movie?
I mean, there's certainly enough blood and urine violent.
Eventually.
Yeah, it's a little bit slow, but then once it gets going, man, I got all the chainsaws and all the instruments.
Yeah, but they're trying to go and I'd already checked out mentally.
And of course that guy who's, you know, the guy who's in there hunting, you know, paid for it.
Now what was he going for?
He's on the car there.
And the amount you paid, depending on the victim on what they want to see.
Like an American like a domestic.
There were different prices.
And this was supposed to be in where?
Oh, look here.
Yes, that's what.
And they were upset about that.
Oh, it was in the negative light.
It's like nobody gives a crap about you people.
Who the hell wants to go to Slovakia anyway, right?
I mean, Prague is in the Czech Republic.
Nobody with their brain is going to go to Slovakia.
Anyway, this in 2006, I just read that.
Tuesday's incident in which surfaced in Daytona Beach.
May make history said that on-profit's acting executive, it's for Michael Stupes of the National Coalition for the Homeless.
Michael Stupes.
If we're talking about 10-year-olds, that means we've hit an all-time low said Stupes.
The youngest person who ever been arrested for a crime like this is 13.
How about when five-year-olds start killing homeless people? How's that going to be?
That'll be the American effin' way.
Daytona police are actually in Billy Walden, said the teen and two boys were walking in the neighborhood around 9pm.
When they saw 58-year-old John Domingo.
They began throwing rocks at homeless man.
The 17-year-old Jeremy Woods punched Domingo who then fell over a concrete wall.
As he lay on the ground, one of the 10-year-olds whose names were not being released, used parts of the concrete to bash Domingo when they had.
Domingo's eye was severely damaged in the attack.
Woods and the two boys were charged with felony aggravated battery and being held without bond with juvenile detention center Daytona Beach.
The Volucia County State Attorney's Orifice received paperwork on the case leave.
Yesterday, I'll make a decision about whether to pursue adult charges.
Whether to pursue adult charges, Maya, so you people crazy? You have to let take it to a committee? My God!
The three boys made their first court appearance Wednesday wearing ankle shackles and handcuffs and white jail jumpsuits, too big for the two tiny ten-year-old frames.
Judge Peter Marshall was signed by the public defenders and sat in the center square.
Peter Marshall, Maya.
Violence against the homeless occurred in the cities and suburbs throughout the U.S. last year, but Florida led the pack with the least six such crimes in 2006.
You know, sexually transmitted diseases, all sorts of horrible things, Florida leads the pack.
I bet you got that, too, the leader of the pack. Who did that?
Shagrid Loss? The Shagrid Loss, very good leader of the pack. Talk about a morbid depressing song, my God.
You have to make your mind a blow your brains out. Have you got that? Looking for leader of the pack?
One of those cases has garnered international attention, expected to go to travel this fall after a surveillance camera.
Captured two teenagers being a homeless man with bats in Fort Lauderdale. I'm January 12th.
Sorry, I've been there a couple of times.
Anyway. Well, why? Oh, I thought you wanted to read that story.
No, I will, eventually. Just relax. There's no big deal rush here.
No big fat rush. Hop a couple more rush.
I will.
And the candy store.
Terrible.
What, wait a minute?
Yes, we see.
Yeah, we see.
When I fell for a leader of the pack.
Yeah, we fell.
Down, down, yeah.
I can't.
I'm practically a 17 year old skateboarder Tom Doherty, 18 year old bride hooks, a popular hockey team captain,
and an unseen teen, Billy Amin's, a high school dropout, a saw the two more homeless men that night January 12th last year.
One of them was 45 year old Norris Gainer, a witness Anthony Clark told police in CNN last year that he saw the three teens approach Gainer as he slept on a park bench.
Now, it began whacking Gainer with a bat Clark said.
The Daytona Beach area was the scene of another high profile attack in which 14 ages confessed to meeting 53 year old Michael Roberts to death in the suburb of Holly Hill in May of 2005.
The teens, one as young as 14, pummeled Roberts with sticks and logs, fracturing the homeless man's skull and breaking his ribs.
All four completed building, the second degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder, and are serving separate sentences ranging from 35 years in prison to 22 years and sentenced to probation for life.
Florida lawmakers met Tuesday with advocates to work on a bill that would provide more protection for the homeless and provide local communities with assistance funding for homeless prevention.
One of the things that they could do that would make a lot of sense is take Sean Canoney and put him away and get all those get keys off the street corners there.
That's what turns people against the homeless and stuff like that.
You know what I'm saying?
What he said.
Creates a very negative environment for the homeless.
Let's see is that chocolate Jesus hollow chocolate with candy eyes or a solid chocolate Jesus with nuts.
Isn't that cute? And signed Peter Rabbit.
What's the money you got into with Easter too?
I'm very confused about all these holidays.
I just don't want to do my homework and even on the city you're going to work with.
You asked that before but I know you don't listen when I asked.
No, I asked you about the Easter egg.
No, before, not today.
Before today.
All fertility symbols, the rabbit, the eggs, the fertility pagan fertility symbols.
Fertility symbols, some of them like they're banging like a rabbit.
Is that what you're saying?
Right.
And I know nothing to do with catholic.
You're like a bunch of rabbits.
Is that what you're saying fertility my ass?
The Christians, the Catholics superimposed their own holidays over the tops of the pagan holidays so that you couldn't be two places at once.
Really?
Really?
Want a bet?
All right.
187 on the poll we need 13 votes in 20 minutes and there's only blood.
Can you imagine keeping doing this?
I mean all that we do is...
Oh man.
It's a damn unfortunate thing for him that they're going to take that constipation drug off the shelves man.
Because of the brits if there's one thing they need.
A revolutionary, a revolutionary.
Down the cross depends on you.
And the powers you possess.
Since you saved his life with your life's his or her life.
He's got a job for you to do.
Oh!
Don't you know it?
Don't you know it?
You have a brand new style too.
We love the way you want your doom.
With the make the younger chest and full bruise in light dress.
You're bending those two are all great.
Oh!
Don't you know it?
Don't you know it?
Who's with the speed of what the sound?
Since the bad guy straight to hell.
When a building starts to grow,
When you'll be the reason we know,
You're crushing blood with what's mighty for.
146.14.
I think they'll do the Virgin Mary man.
She was the one.
I knew somebody had to be.
Love 99.
We have one more opening there.
I shouldn't have said that right after I was talking about the Virgin Mary one more opening.
That was bad.
I apologize.
I probably should have played that way.
I know something I keep playing all the time.
I'll run into the ground just like old Neil.
Jennifer Wilmax, the bride to be who skipped town days before we're playing wedding in Joja,
has a new starring role in New Mexico,
as the inspiration for a police recruiting billboard.
The Albuquerque Police Department plans to unveil the add on 10 digital billboards across the city next week,
according to the Albuquerque Journal.
Don't be jerky.
Go to Albuquerque and have a turkey.
That sounds good turkey and stuffing in cranberry sauce.
That's not really good.
Everybody got to be Thanksgiving.
That's another thing.
Why is it necessary to think about the breakfast foods?
Why are we supposed to eat certain foods on certain days at certain times?
It's a common spudger crap if you ask me.
I'm in a mood right now for delicious Thanksgiving turkey dinner.
I have no idea where I go get one, but it sounds good, isn't it?
Yeah, it does.
Really good.
Running away from your current job, called APDB recruiting the ad reads,
above a photo of Officer Trish Hoffman, grabbing the veil of a bride
adorned in a gown and running shoes.
Aw, that is so cute.
Hoffman got national attention to years ago after Wilmax landed in Albuquerque claiming
she'd been abducted before she was set to marry.
Photos of Hoffman leading Wilmax to the airport with the blanket over the runaway brides
had appeared on TVs and newspapers across the country.
Now Hoffman will be on billboards.
I'm sure I'm going to get some harassment she told the newspaper.
The ads will be up for a month at a cost of 16 grand.
Depending on the response the department may incorporate it into flyers, posters, and possibly TV ads.
The runaway bride is one of those stories that people across the nation still talk about,
said police to be very shults.
We hope we can capitalize on that.
The department currently has fewer than a thousand officers trying to build a force to 1100 by this summer.
Can't imagine no criminals in Albuquerque, can you?
Proud 100 votes.
Proud 100 even.
How did I do that?
I don't know what that reminds me of.
I mean, you know, I mean, in life a lot of us are good at things that are so unimportant.
That's a sad part.
Things that are important maybe we're not good at.
But like when I go to the supermarket and I buy, you know, I get my little, just get a task and I've got a little basket.
And I go to the checkout and I can generally tell you within like a book what it's going to be.
The total.
It's pretty good isn't it?
That is good.
I mean, not always but sometimes I'm not even paying attention.
When you've got a few bucks maybe you're not in there shopping and looking at the price, you know?
You think that when I go to the supermarket I'm like turning the thing around like,
and this doesn't even have a price on.
It's got that UPC on it.
I can't I scan it against my earlobe or something.
Who the hell cares what it is?
And then you've got to go back to the shelf and look on there and see what the can of beef or only costs.
Now that sounds really good.
I know that repulses in the oil.
I'm just talking about right now at this moment.
I'm not saying in general like at any time when I had, you know, my head screwed on straight.
But just at this moment it sounds really, really good.
And you know how you do it?
How do you do it?
You take your beef or only and you put it into a bowl.
And you take a slicer too of Swiss cheese and you know you rip it up and you put it throughout the,
through the whole thing, you know, and you take your fork and you like,
you make sure that there's plenty throughout the whole deal.
And then you nuke it for about 80 seconds or so.
You've never had that?
No.
Now why do you say it sounds so depressed when you say that?
It's like mush.
Beef oroni is that's the knowledge.
Boney, Mironi.
I'm not having to play that.
I think that's why I'm, I mean, the week is gone by fine once I find a king of my senses.
Once we got past Monday.
Once we got past Monday.
I don't see that disc.
Oh that would be bad if I lost my one moment, please.
Oh.
Oh if I lost my Larry Williams disc, this would be out of business.
Beef oroni.
And how about eating the can of beef oroni while listening to Boney Mironi?
How's that sound?
All right.
Give me.
I bet you're getting the genius book director for doing that.
I got a good name for him or only.
Oh right.
See that?
Can you ever speak on that?
Oh I was speaking of playing music.
You know yesterday I did those two, it could be and we're loving up on the roof of the crime.
James right up to the ballgame and I do want to tell you this.
See when we're ending here every day what I do is I watch city post because they've got like, you know, the atomic clock on air.
So by the second.
So we're out of here on time.
I mean not to the middle second, but close to it every day.
And I don't ask, oh we got an important guest on mad dog.
Can we run over a few minutes?
Can we go 20 minutes over because we got Bernie Mac on stuff like that.
But the point being that yesterday that thing ended at at 1250 you could you could you couldn't have put a curly hair in the middle.
And then you could be in between with a little hand hit the big hand.
You know what I mean?
And then for whatever reason, now I don't know what when I'm hearing it, you know, when what was Miguel.
But it seems to me like there was like a couple of seconds to air before the theme of the Marlin game started the opening.
Am I right about that or wrong?
No, it's how they good here.
Did it?
It sounded like it was right on spot was it spot on?
Yeah.
That thing with the B for only sounds really good to me.
You know, of course it's all carbs and it would be really bad and get my blood sugar skyrocketing.
But that would be a big and of course, you know, I was going to say a big improvement over having ice cream again.
I've had ice cream too many days in a row.
And you better you better I'm telling you I'm going to put it in your hands.
Somebody else can do it.
Nobody else is going to say cut the crap old man quitting that ice cream.
You die a medical fat fat fat.
That's a couple men.
Well, that didn't sound very sincere.
Did it sound sincere to you?
Crystal do it.
Crystal said good ass kisser.
Come on.
You can do it.
Cut the crap old man.
All right, of course look at how fat you are and you're telling me this fat cut the crap.
Oh, are you doing pretty good I guess.
You know, all of us fat people as you know, we lie a lot.
I don't.
I tell you.
Like that the leader I had of ice cream the other day that score ice cream.
I could have said it was a point.
I could have said it was a spoonful, something like that.
You know, it's spoonful.
It was a leader.
It was a way.
It was a leader more than a quarter less.
Never did find out that way.
Well, during the break I'm going to look it up.
Of course we're not coming back after the break we never lost.
It's the high!
My every town
That's the high, the blue
That's five, six, oh
WQL
Alright!
There he was
Just a walkin' on the sea
Singin' new
I did it, did it, done, did it
He's a man from the land of galloping sand
Do what did it, did it, done, did it, do it
He's good, he's good, he's good, he's good
He's good, he's good, he's good
Changes water into wine
The next thing I knew we had a layman
On his feet singing
Do what did it, did it, done, did it, do it
The blind are gonna see
And the dumb are gonna speak singin'
Do what did it, did it, done, did it, it, it, will be lockdown
Walk down to my dark, my dark, walk down to my dark
They're the church of love or source
Woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah, woah
Some say he's the son of God
Yes, they do, but there's other people
Think it's so odd
Now he's the reason that we have an Easter day singing to our dead,
it dead, it dumb dead, it dope, and he's the reason that all the Christians praise singing to our dead,
it dead, it dead, it dope, they praise him, praise him, kneel down, kneel down,
praise him, kneel down, a man of water, forty crown,
u got dead, it dead, it dumb dead, it.
oh
u got dead, it dead, it dumb.
Oh yeah, it, it hurts
you got dead, it dead, it again, it's thumping, he's a Jew
you were dead, it dead, it dumb, he's a Jew
u got dead, it dead, it had a Jew
and he thought,
you were dead, it Lakes T
all right
I'm the jail jail jail people take it take it take it in the tail tail
To the living living at some power power power better hold on to the soap in the shower shower shower
Now why are you a confederate? Yeah, then there's something there or what?
I didn't realize you were gonna play two things there caught me off guard
Why do you think I would come off short?
No, no, no, it's just
I'm like a little little plan that I'm talking to the bedroom again
