New person this program will be reproduced about the express written permission of W.K.N.
You broadcast with A.R.D.
Read the biggest names of Desk Halif
And your hold for Miami Dolphins football
That's the score is pretty high, 60 WQ.A.L.
I'm Amy Coral, I'm Amy.
What was that?
Who was that?
Who's that near the moon?
Yes, it was.
Who the hell was on the board in there?
What kind of a moron that they got on the board in there again?
What kind of an A-hole?
That's the one that's smiling right now.
Who is it?
It was me, I'm Mr. Shaw.
I wanted to be a rock man.
You're an idiot.
You can't come there or what?
You can't get out of there.
There's a pooling theory.
Holy Mackin' On!
This is Joe Ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs
And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God!
Get ready for the latest Harry Potter movie
In which a beloved character comes out of the closet
And into the restroom.
Oh, I should never have had this spicy chicken on the plate!
I hope I'm making a time out!
Oh!
Hey, who's having my foot?
It is I, Dumbledore.
The wizard in the store next to you.
What do you want?
To show you my magic wand.
But I'm not gay and I've never been gay.
What is your name, friend?
Larry, Larry Craig.
I'm running for Senator.
When Larry, if you're not gay, why did you tap my foot?
I, uh, I just have a wide stance.
Ha, ha, good one.
So, Larry Craig, will you allow me to help you with your campaign?
How?
Let's go back to my place and I'll show you how to take a pole.
Harry Potter and the Minzoon Star.
Coming soon to an adult bookstore near you.
Well, you know what's a good job?
I did it through a couple of hours.
I didn't know exactly where that sound was going to be.
It did a raspberry in there and I didn't want to put it on you guys' shoulders.
You know, the Josh Cardis is back with us today after a wild Halloween night last night.
Yes.
Good time.
And he had a good time last night.
Unfortunately, our website didn't have a good time because the bedtime stories didn't go up till 9 o'clock this morning.
I wanted them to be fresh.
You want the morning.
You want money from me for this kind of performance?
Zack, by the way, did a hell of a job for a couple of days.
We did miss you, though.
Thank you.
Some till till I saw the bedtime story.
Now, let me take a look and see.
Oh, there's 25 people already read the top one.
So, that's, you know, they're on there, by the way, folks, for a small but select group of people who want to read the good stuff.
They're on there now.
Josh apologizes for the had a wild time last night.
It was Halloween, you know, the excuse that she doesn't need much excuse to go out and get drunk.
I didn't have to go out.
I had a costume party at the house last night.
A costume party.
That's right.
And what was your costume?
I was a flasher.
Oh, it was great, man.
It was great.
I had the sizzle chest going, the trench coat, and I had a like a...
I'll send you a picture of it.
No, I don't want to see it.
The thought of it makes me gag.
You know, what about you, Chris?
Do you have a little Halloween festivities last night?
A little car candy corn?
Yeah, I was getting my truck fixer now.
Getting your truck fixer to drive a truck?
Yeah.
Why?
Why do you say it like that?
Yeah, what's wrong with driving a truck?
I don't know.
We just, uh, we're a schlepper like you that lives with mommy and daddy.
I wouldn't expect you'd be driving a truck.
Maybe a Kia, you know?
No, it's a Ford Ranger.
Nothing great.
Ten years old.
Oh, beat up old truck, gelapica.
That's not beat up.
It's in good shape.
It's just ten years old.
I know somebody here, Taco Paco, who has one great similarity with Josh.
They don't have to be Halloween or any other special occasion to go out and get drunk.
It's like, you know, party all night and sleep all day.
Although Josh doesn't sleep all day.
No, I don't sleep, but yeah, he doesn't sleep.
He, and of course, when he isn't a sack, he's not alone anyway.
He's got his roommate.
I mean, his girlfriend.
Have you still lived with some guy?
I live with my brother.
Well, that's a new one.
Isn't that a switch?
Well, you had some other male roommate there for a while.
I did for a while.
You do dump your ass?
No, I bought a place with my brother.
You bought a place?
Well, we didn't know that.
Oh, brother, we knew we got the big raise once he moved into that internet scam.
So now he went out and bought a place.
We never heard this story with your brother.
Yes.
And I sure hope you have separate bedrooms.
Seriously, just lay off the gate thing, you know.
No, wait a minute.
You don't have separate bedrooms?
Of course we do.
Oh, okay. Well, you said, of course you got to bring up a set about that supernatural show
where there's two guys, the two brothers, who are brothers.
Yeah, I know that's what you're hoping for, that, uh,
Oh, tomorrow, I'll never forget that show.
You tell me to watch it.
And then there's two guys laying in the same bed talking to us.
Oh, I hope we get to see daddy tomorrow.
They never were in the same bed.
Or whatever.
We saw anyway.
I wish they would have been in the same bed, but they were not.
I know, I turned it on.
I go, I know why he watches the show now.
Yeah, because there's two hot guys on there.
That's right. So what's wrong with that?
No, but they're like laying in bed like, oh, uh,
they weren't laying in bed with me.
They were not in bed with me.
That would have been interesting, but they were not laying in bed with each other.
You see, this is the problem with America.
People like you and Fred Phelps.
Or Anne.
People like you and Richard Curtis, some of his friends call him Dick.
Another right when Republicans scandal.
Well, we'll get to that in a minute.
Well, look at that.
The Dow is down 207 points.
It's dropping like a rock.
Uh, oil is 94 and a half bucks a barrel now.
Thank you, Mr. President, for his low-gas prices.
And for the useless worthless American dollar.
I think we ought to make a day, uh, have it.
By the way, my blood sugar was 212 a little while ago,
which is still 100 points too high, but it's better than 150 points like yesterday,
and much better than 200 points too high like two days ago.
How much ice cream do we eat?
I didn't eat any crap the last two days.
I've had, oh no, 105.18 and the year of 144 plus.
Oh, 105 on the loony.
I'm going to go loony, man.
How's it going, eh?
That's just, it's an embarrassment.
Yes, it is.
And the public sits back and they don't realize that the dollar
ain't worth a crap anymore, and that this president is destroying your economy and everything.
It's just amazing to me.
And the Democrats have these debates, and they all get up there.
But a beep bit a boop bit about, I'm going to tell you right now,
there isn't one of them other than maybe a little Dennis.
There isn't a one-to-one microvella they won't put on.
Got the balls of a fruit fly.
They're all wafflers.
That's what they all are.
Each and every one of them.
Residents of Dayton, Broward, awaken to a tropical storm warning this morning,
and generally clear skies as no wool pushed to a Atlantic toward the nearby Bahamas.
It's not going anywhere near you guys.
They don't get all panicky.
Okay.
The schools are open and date in.
Broward, the warning has a little practical effect.
Forecasters issued the alert as a precaution because no wool's windfield expanded,
and edge closer to the region.
This is in the herald, more hysteria.
The storm setter with 60 mile an hour sustained wind still was expected to miss the region by a wide margin.
It's not going anywhere near you.
It's going to go north and then take a right turn off into the Atlantic.
And maybe hit the britz with status-ervid.
God, do I?
Just despise that whole thing with the queen, the royal family,
and what happened to Diana?
Who cares?
God, are they boring?
They're constipated brits.
Give me the schmitz.
These winds are close enough to the Florida coast that any deviation that left to the forecast track
would bring them on to the Florida coast.
Hurricane Specialist Jack Bevin of the National Hurricane Center said at 5 o'clock this morning.
Calm down, Jack.
Thus the tropical storm warning is being issued at this time for the immediate coastal area of Dayton,
Broward.
Those winds should be making their closest approach between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. right during the eruditor show,
he said.
Ladies and say that.
10 to 2.
Meanwhile, most off the ratings commuting to work or school enjoyed the best weather of the week
with only a few shoppers, showers popping up here and there and shoppers, showers and shoppers.
Forecasters said occasional squalls could still roll in from the east high ever,
affecting visibility, making roads like motorists or advised exercise caution.
So Halloween was a big hit.
How many people do you have a year or a place?
Probably about 25.
25?
Yeah.
Wow.
And what was it like, an orgy, a drunken orgy?
No, it was just a big, big, yeah, I had, you know, everybody was drinking obviously,
but a costume party.
Yeah, and you were flashing it.
I was, yeah.
Yeah.
No, come on.
I mean, it's a costume.
It's funny.
It's very funny.
Is a costume is that part of a costume?
Yeah.
It's the whole things of cost.
I'll send it to you.
I'll show you.
What is this, Fax?
From Janice.
What is this all about?
I don't know.
I figured I'd, you know.
John Henry?
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Says I wish John Henry's to loan the marlins.
I must be crazy.
I must be nuts.
Play it, Neil.
I just did.
Play it, Neil.
Play it again, Sam.
Get out of here.
Oh, what a little twerp.
What a little twerp.
Why?
Because the red socks, one of them, were all serious.
Who cares?
He's an idiot.
Little twerp.
A nebish.
All he did was wine.
The whole time he was here.
All he did was wine.
We didn't have a stadium.
Wine.
And another wineer that David Samson.
Jesus, God almighty.
Well, now at least we'll be on a station.
They're going to know what they're talking about.
Yeah.
We're here one share.
They can have a cross the street.
You can have it, baby.
We won the World Series.
We did it.
Not good for you, sweetheart.
Okay, here's the result of yesterday's pull.
And of course, the Panthers are cross the street.
Now, what was the story last night on the Panther Game on TV?
It was, uh, Denise Poppan was not there.
And who else was not there?
I don't know what was going on.
Geldy wasn't there either.
Yeah, he was on TV.
Was he?
Yeah.
I mean, I only put it on for like 10 seconds, but he was on.
It must not have been the Panthers telecast.
It must have been the Carolina.
Nothing could be fired then to edge out Carolina, which they did.
You were watching the hockey game?
I'll watch hockey, but I wasn't watching it last night.
I just put it on for like five seconds to see if they were playing enough.
And Geldy was on?
Yes, he was.
I heard that voice.
Well, on the package here, they must have put on the Carolina broadcast,
because it was not Geldy and Denise.
And I thought, yeah, I might actually listen to this for a while.
Here's the poll speaking of listening to the Neil Rogers show.
How much do you listen to?
We had 13 number of votes yesterday.
All of it.
I'm going to add it.
If I can't quit 366, 28%.
They're addicted, baby.
Right.
None of it, but I still check out Neil's website.
196, 14.9%.
That number kept going down.
We don't believe it, but that's okay.
Keep putting the votes on there.
Really is the very right.
Hey, they're all checking it out.
Those stories.
Yeah, on the days when you decide to put them on there, right?
They look for the stories.
There's nothing there.
And they say, oh, what a bogus website this is.
Just like that QAN.com.
Well, that's right.
It's Thursday.
We got that deal coming up later.
I'm pumped.
Yeah, pumped this.
Two hours, 194.
A half hour or more or less 194.
Just long enough to hear if the old code is still alive, 123.
I'm still alive.
And believe me, when you work for these bastards,
it's quite an accomplishment.
Three hours, 101.
All of it.
And I listened to all the part of it on the archive, 76.
Wow.
Holy crap.
What are you people trying to say?
I have no life.
We know that.
The one and two hour only 25, the 10th or 11 hour only 19,
the 12 to 1 hour only 14, and the 11 to 12 hour only,
it's so lamenting trace, only three.
Listen, only from 11 to 9.
Why?
I have no idea what that means.
Do you have any clue what that means?
No, not really.
I don't think it means anything, but it's just that.
That's what they said.
Today's poll.
Now, Brandon, we're using your poll on which religion
would you choose tomorrow?
I sent him an email on that, but he's shy of me.
It's okay.
It's bugging me.
What are you going to use my polls?
638 on today's poll.
But we better do the spot, because we've got to get a lot of
life spots on the station now.
A lot of life spots.
That's the Jackson Big Dog live spot festival from 7 to 10.
It's just, it's a me.
How's Tippy doing, by the way?
All right.
That's exactly.
That's right.
Zack knows Tippy.
Well, he's from, I like those folks.
Where are they from?
From around the clock?
They're good.
Yes, they are.
They do my house all the time.
Why, do they do your stuff?
Well, my brother works for him, but yeah.
They do my...
Your brother works for them to see no Chippy?
Yes, he does.
He is Chippy.
Maybe your brother is Chippy.
No.
The only Chipper, I remember, was a chip on my three sons.
There was Chippy.
And even he wasn't Chippy.
I mean, he was a kid, but he was a...
I know.
Chipper Jones.
Chipper.
That's right, Chipper Jones, who's got a body like a woman.
He's not the breast.
No, he does.
If you look at him, he looks like he's got an inny.
I don't know what the...
An inny?
Yeah.
I'm not talking about his navel either.
Week after week, more people are taking advantage of Neils'
Hack Fry's deals on Josh's prestigious WQM.com.
And if you look real hard, you can find that banner on the right side for this show.
And today, we've got another new restaurant off for just go to WQM.com and click on Neils'
Hack Fry's deals.
You'll be able to buy $100 certificates for just $50 to McCobby's stay-cows and bar in prestigious South Miami.
McCobby features one of the finest dying experiences anywhere in South Florida.
Meat lovers can feast on their juicy, delicious 22-ounce ribeye, seasoned with kosher salt and
the five-blend peppercorn.
Sea food fans can enjoy seasoned jumbo cramps served with a house-monstered sauce and roasted
garlic butter, and don't forget about their austragian lamb chops, double-cut and served
with volsamic reduction and fresh mint infused oil.
Also, for dessert, be sure to try their Death By Chocolate.
Flowerless dark chocolate with chocolate ice cream.
God, I wish I could be there.
My blood sugar would go.
It would just say tilt.
That's McCobby's stay-cows and bar 50-861 sunset drive in South Miami for reservations
in full call 305-662-4417 around line.
Look them up at McCobbyStayCows.com.
Don't forget to go on sale at noon today on WQM.com.
The best talent for his new projects.
Order at your 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Ooh, frosty nads.
Tonight's on scariest places on earth.
In the summer of 2007, passengers ready to board a flight at Minneapolis State Power
Airport were shaking by a terrifying event in the menstrual.
I was in this stall right here, kind of, you know, minding my own business, doing my business
and our flight was leaving in about five minutes.
And I heard this tapping.
It sent chills out more than my spine.
It's happened to me before too, you know, I saw him.
There was a man standing there, erect in the stall and he scared the daylights out of
me.
Congress tonight, the incident ever happened.
You know, I tell my friends about it, but they don't really believe me, but I know what
I experienced in this men's room here at this airport.
That's tonight's on scariest places on earth.
I was speaking to that.
This is, this guy, I mean, Larry Craig one is so obvious and it's so pathetic to listen
to these people try to rationalize.
Well he says that he was, you know, pressured into confessing and, yeah, right.
He slides his foot over, taps his toe a few times, he slides his foot over against the
foot of the guy in the next stall, he's peering and reaching through the glory hole or
whatever under the stall and he sticks his business cards underneath there.
But other than that, there's plenty of business going on and then he gets up and does the
limbo rock.
Here's the a new one, every day, every day there's another classic gay.
All you faggots come out wherever you are.
All you self-hating right-wing fags, you're all getting out of it, baby.
I think it's the greatest thing in history of the human race.
A Republican state legislator who repeatedly voted against gay rights measures resigned
his seat yesterday.
A mid-revolution he had had sex with a man he met in an erotic video store while in
Spokane on a GOP retreat.
Oh boy!
Woo!
Trick or treat!
Trick or retreat!
In a written statement, Representative Richard Curtis of the Lost Center of Washington
said that while he believes he's done a lot of good during his time in legislature,
events that have recently come to light have heard a lot of people.
People.
I sincerely apologize for any pain my actions have caused.
He wrote, this has been damaging to my family and I don't want to subject them to any
additional pain that might result from carrying out this matter under the scrutiny that comes
with holding public orifice.
His resignation was delivered to Governor Chris Griguar on the last, if they have no
takes effect immediately, if not sooner.
On Monday, Curtis had insisted it was local newspaper that he was not gay and that sex
was not involved in what he said was an extortion attempt by a man last week.
But in police reports, Curtis said he was being extorted by a man he had sex with in a
Spokane hotel room.
The other man contends, Curtis renamed it a promise to pay $1,000 for sex.
$1,000, Jesus.
House Minority Leader Richard DeBolt, Republican of Chahalus, issued a written statement and
said that as more troubling details began to emerge, it's become clear that he can no
longer effectively represent the constituents who elected and erected him.
DeBolt said he briefly spoke to Curtis on Monday, at which point Curtis told me, didn't
do anything wrong.
I didn't do nothing.
I didn't do nothing.
I understood it to be a different story than it turned out to be.
DeBolt later told the AP.
I've been reading about these things in the paper like everybody else.
DeBolt, who said there was never any rumor about Curtis's alleged double life, said
the caucus needs to move forward.
He said it needs to find a replacement and regain the trust of the district.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, right.
All these right-wing, what have I always told you, man?
The more they scream and the more they yell, the bigger the screamers they are.
FAMING!
That is correct.
A Republican's success will be chosen by Clark and Caled's County Republican leaders
will serve until the 2008 election.
No more efforts to reach Curtis or his lawyer, John Wolf, by phone have been unsuccessful.
Curtis 48 told Spokane Police he was the victim of the extortion attempt by Cody Castania
at the posh Debinport Tower Hotel October 26th, Police Search warrant documents say.
Castania 26 of medical-leg news Spokane told police that Curtis had agreed to pay him
for sex and then re-nigged.
Curtis's Marion has children according to his legislative website.
He elected the state house in 2004 and voted in 2005 and again in 2006 against the bill
that granted civil rights protections to gays and lesbians and in 2007 voted against the
bill that created domestic partnerships for same-sex couples.
Both measures eventually passed the Democratic control state legislature and an outstate law
in Washington.
Curtis was among state-EOP lawmakers in Spokane October 24th through 6th for a retreat to discuss
the upcoming legislative session.
He went to the Hollywood-Irotic Voteek early October 26th and met Castania who accompanied
him to the hotel police document set.
The two arrived at the hotel around 3.30 in the morning and had sex after which Curtis
fell asleep according to documents released Tuesday.
Curtis alleged Castania took his wallet and later offered to return it for a thousand
bucks.
Curtis said he only had two hundred bucks and left an envelope with the money at the hotel
best the documents say.
Police reports said Castania called Curtis and demanded an additional 800 bucks and
tried to expose Curtis, so to speak, but Curtis had already contacted police who listened
to call them in with Castania.
There have been no arrests.
On Wednesday, Spokane County Deputy Prosecutor Larry Steinmet said a decision about possible
criminal charges in the case was weeks away.
Castania who appeared Tuesday to Spokane news conference with his lawyer David Partobi
said Curtis gave him his wallet to hold his collateral for the money that he promised
me.
Partobi refused to let his client tell reporters what he did for the money.
Noted, Castania had already spoken voluntarily with a police.
Cody Castania admitted threatening to publicly expose Richard Curtis's gay lifestyle to
his wife unless Dick Curtis provided the disputed money to police documents said.
Partobi refused to let Castania respond to a question about whether he threatened to
out-curtis.
The lawyer noted extortion as a violent class B felony and declared that his client didn't
do anything wrong at that level anyway.
Didn't do nothing.
On Monday, Curtis told a Columbia newspaper of Vancouver Washington he did not solicit
sex.
I committed no crime.
He said I didn't solicit sex.
I was trying to help somebody out.
Curtis a former firefighter declared, I am not gay.
I am not gay.
I think most rate guys do things like that.
They pick up some guy and they say, I was like a normal weekend.
Porto would join and they'd take him home and have, yeah, like Josh did last night.
We're whipping it out.
With that trench coat, who the hell you can?
In his initial statement to Spokane police October 26, Curtis admitted having sex with
Castania but said he didn't offer to pay for sex.
He said he gave the young man a hundred bucks' gas money.
Oh, he must have a big tank.
But said he didn't consider that paying for sex according to police reports.
Police reports that Curtis initially contacted a friend in Washington State Patrol and
Washington Washington who investigated the case because he feared Spokane authorities would
talk to the media.
But patrol officials referred the case to Spokane police.
The police reports had been accured as told officers he only wanted his wallet back
and to keep the incident as low key as possible.
He didn't want to pursue charges against Castania.
The reports said I can't imagine why.
The next day police reports had Curtis told the detective by phone that he was in Clee
Ulum, Elum, wherever that is because he had wrecked his car in the drive home.
Curtis also told the detective he'd have to tell his wife the truth and he'd have to
get a divorce attorney.
Well, how do you like that?
Another closet queen with another wife.
That seems to be the common thread.
Don't get a wife.
Get a boyfriend for crying out loud.
If you're some kind of a fag, get a boyfriend if you've got to have like an equipped, you
know, with all these women and kids, by the way.
See, I just, I don't get it.
Okay, here's today's poll.
I don't think I read today's poll yet.
Did I?
No.
Well, there's a lot of numbers in it.
I think we'll get a thousand.
I don't know.
667 right now.
It's okay.
It's not great.
It's another Charlie B exclusive.
What was the most common form of punishment you suffered as a kid?
Spanking with clothes on two-ten.
That was me.
That's what I voted.
I thought I had a belt.
He was a real bastard.
He had a belt.
He used to just beat the crap out of my brother with it.
But I only got a couple of times.
Would you call that a spanking with a belt?
Yeah.
Bastard.
What a thing, man.
I mean, that's pretty, I would think that's pretty normal.
Who didn't get hit by the belt, right?
Well, what kind of crap is that?
I mean, I don't know.
Every kid gets a little something, whether it's a wooden spoon or a belt.
100 scolding 89.
Vicious beating 63.
Grounding 53.
Spanking with ass beard 52.
Oh no.
How embarrassing.
Nothing at all, 38.
Wow.
Custfield scolding 37.
Management to the bedroom, 29.
Being tied up or caged, 22.
Get out of here.
Tied up or caged?
Deformation privileges, car phone, TV, 16.
Deformation of activity, sports dating, going to movies, 15.
Slip into face 13.
I got that one's two.
Wrap on the wrist with a ruler six, school detention five, doing time in
Juby jail four, being assigned a chore rest of chores four, sitting or standing
in a corner three, being thrown out of the house three,
banishment to a closet three, deprivation of toys three, deprivation of food or dessert
too, I guess, Chris never had that.
And the loss or deduction of your allowance only one at a 671 vote.
A lot of numbers, man.
I got blood sugar numbers, we got poll numbers, we got numbers up the old, like,
the shirt, sorry.
Yeah, the number of the.
The back of the key.
The real projects, the sports leader.
Back to the key.
Come on, man.
The sports leader.
I don't care.
Why should any Republican power bow?
Hit, take a pillow and smarter than till they're dead.
Hit, want the government to give them all the money.
The free ride, wine and crying, sick and dying.
Grow up, get a job of buying children's kids.
Ourwick Writers, Republicans, lay behind.
Kids, on behalf of Compassionate Homicide, we're dead against abortion.
Her life just like Christ, a hoe, wants their born, then they can die.
Kids, don't have lovias, that's been to vote, they're wise.
Kids, we less the free hookers than Jordan, I.
Grow up, they feel like we are, statistics are fading days.
Who gets a crap about kids to play?
Let's see, first there was Miss Foley and then there was Bob Allen and then we had
Bluey or Craig and now we got the Dick Curtis.
We could just get Tommy Cruz to come out of that closet.
Well I'm talking about self-hating right-wing politicians, you know, hypocrites.
I mean Tommy Cruz, that's another whole category.
If you want all the gay celebrities to come out of the closet, man, look out for the
big pride parade baby.
Wow.
I sent you a picture of my costume on your mind's base there.
Oh no.
Wow.
Pretty funny.
Is it funny or is it disgusting?
No, it's funny.
Okay, well you say it's funny.
I'll let you know if it's funny or disgusting.
Okay.
Six eighty six on a pole, I'll have seven hundred and a pretty soon.
Hey, let's take a look at that award winning Thursday QA and lineup, man.
I want you to get your puke bag ready right now.
Wow, it is something.
We got mad dog at two, nothing wrong with that.
Then we got the power hour with Hank and the mad dog four to five.
Not that many power hours left.
You realize today is a one day no VM day.
Can you believe it?
Yeah.
And what do you guys get me from my birthday on Monday?
Oh, would you like your best wishes?
What do you want?
Hank from five to six and then six to seven.
It's really interesting on Thursday.
We have to juggle this around because we've got other crap that we have to get in there.
We're obligated to carry.
Sixty seven it's dolphins all asses with the Humper.
Seven nine hurricane hotline at the Ratskeller.
Nine to ten dolphins all asses high school gridiron report with John Linder and Larry Bluestein.
And then ten of midnight at E.K.
The high school gridiron report from nine to ten.
We have got some compelling nighttime radio.
We want to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt.
That just because we had a one share with the Marlins and the Marlins are gone forever from the station.
We can still do one shares of that or maybe even better now.
Point something like oh, point, like they did in August across the street at night.
From a fifteen point five in July to a point August.
And which one do you think was the bogus number?
Oh, wow.
We got a long wait by the way.
We got to November 21.
That's three weeks from yesterday for the next trend to come out.
And in that trend, we still are going to be hanging on.
Unfortunately that disaster is August.
We have another month to wait before that disappears.
But across the street the Waxi guys, Joel Feinberg and his crew of phonies,
they're going to be dropping off that big,
liar, diary, bogus, July.
That's going to vanish.
And then no one will fear them.
And keep in mind Joel will do anything to hurt you.
Just like he told his girlfriend, Paul,
they'll do anything to hurt your ass.
What a jerk.
I mean, some of the people that you can't possibly have any respect for
are people that beat up kids and women.
It's just, you know, there's a real man with daddy's money.
He's a real hot shot thought the oh in hot shot.
The UN General Assembly, Tuesday,
snubbed the United States for its hostility towards Cuba amid fresh calls
for an end of the 45 year economic and financial embargo imposed on the
socialist island on Tuesday as many as 184 countries voted in favor of a
General Assembly resolution demanding the US lift 45 year old restrictions on
international trade with Cuba.
The vote broke last year's record when 183 countries endorsed the resolution
against the US embargo.
The 192 member General Assembly is adopted 16 similar resolutions since 1992,
like last year, an addition to the US itself, the negative votes were cast
by only three countries, Israel, the Marshall Islands, and Palau.
The only abstention was the small islandation of Micronesia,
which is kind of like a micro nation.
Before an act of the vote speaker after speaker deployed the US policy
and said the sanctions against Cuba violate international law in the UN
charter, and maybe if we would drop the sanctions, they would crank that
station that's interfering with us down from 80 million watts until like maybe
only a couple of minutes.
The UN support for Cuba comes just a week after the US President George W. Bush
described Cuba as a tropical ghoulag and signals his administration is ready
to take more hospital measures to force an economic and political change on
the island's people.
Well that's what he specializes in is exporting misery to the rest of the world.
Good job there, W. Antichrist said domestically too, with that very strong
American dollar and those very bargain-based gas prices.
You butcher 94 and a half bucks a barrel baby.
I'll ride.
Bush and his buddy Bandar, Bush and all the Saudis, the rape of the world by the
ragheads, that's what's going on.
They just plain with you.
They're reaching into your pocket and taking as much as they can get.
In a major policy speech last Wednesday, Bush assured his support for those in
an outside, Cuba's seeking a replace, Cuba's socialist democracy with a pro-US
economic and political system.
Now is the time to support the Democratic movements growing on the island
Bush said, calling for the world to put aside its differences and prepare
for Cuba's transition to a future of freedom and progress and promise.
The dissidents that today will be the nation's leaders tomorrow, Bush added
in this speech, with family members of Cuban dissidents sitting behind
him on stage.
When freedom finally comes, they'll surely remember who stood with him.
For their part, Cuban leaders said Bush was trying to harass Cuba and threatening
its entity as an independent and free nation.
Mr. Bush, your genocidal blockade, your supportive terrorism, your
murderous Cuban adjustment act, your wet foot dry foot policy, your protection
of the worst terrorists in the hemisphere, your unjust punishment of the five
Cuban heroes would announce that the dangers for citizens of the U.S. and other
countries to be killed and in flight, all of these must cease,
wrote the Cuban leader Fidel Castro in a brief response October 21.
He's still alive.
How do you like that?
Castro's dead.
Now he's still alive.
Sovereignty is not negotiably said.
The shameful thought tortures being carried out of the occupied territory of
Guantanamo must also cease.
We've never been intimidated by your threats to launch preemptive and
surprise attacks against six-year-more dark corners of the world.
Don't attack other countries.
Don't threaten humanity with a nuclear war.
On Tuesday speaking on behalf of the G77 and China, the largest political blockade
of African nations, Pakistani deputy ambassador Faruk Amil described
the U.S. sanctions against Cuba as a means of political and economic coercion.
Wow, that's our good buddies, the Pakis, baby.
They're packing it.
The continued imposition of an economic commercial on financial embargo against Cuba violates
the principles of the sovereign equality of states and non-intervention each other's
domestic affairs, international human rights law, and UN Chartery told delegates.
Explaining why the European Union voted in favor of the resolution, Portuguese, different
languages, foreign languages, and languages, what's the name of the U.S.
Nations against Cuba were not acceptable.
In the U.S.
view, all of the embargo against Cuba is a bilateral issue the U.S.
is extended to other territories.
And it goes on, but it will be about, but about, you know, I really want to grow our
Russian and a dancer.
And we've got to pacify her and all of her green teeth constituents, all the dominant
playing green teeth crowd.
We've got to pacify them.
Oh, it's a hell with Fidel!
Fidel is dead!
Bapabaya, same old crowd.
You got the Jews with Israel, you got the Acubans with Fidel, and the same one, and of
course the religion is that's what it's all about.
That's where it's at, baby, the religions of the world.
If we can wake up tomorrow at a religion-free world, what a beautiful place it might be.
Every conflict from the Irish to the Indians and the Pakis to the all this Iraq crap and
the Turks and the Accords and all this, of course the Turks and the Kurds, that's all
about oil.
We want those Turks to get in there and take over that part of Iraq so that we can get
it.
You know, we've been trying for five years now to get the big American Jew and those
oil wells, baby.
And of course they keep blowing up the pipeline all every other day, so not an easy thing
to do.
Are you following any of this or not?
No.
What does that mean?
What kind of a man?
And then at least Zach pretended that he cared.
With you, during the break I'll take a look at that grotesque picture.
I'll probably pass out on the floor.
It's funny, man.
Is it funny?
Yeah.
It's a good costume.
Yeah, it's just another excuse to get drunk like I said.
And you don't need any excuses.
No, I don't.
There's an idea that I'm going to pull.
I have well over 700 by the top of there.
We're going to make 1,000 again, Chris.
Don't worry, you're just going to make.
Just because Josh is back.
And what do we get yesterday?
1,200 in some eye?
Yeah, 1,200 in some eye.
Oh, I'll pop that.
Don't you worry.
I don't know, it's not that looking good.
You're a crazy man.
We'll top that in my ass.
1,200, what?
Yeah, if we leave it on for like maybe two, three days, right?
I can't look.
Pick his name.
I'll tell you how long you can come for him again.
That's the number he's made with him.
That's right.
Who got it?
You.
Yeah.
Come on, girl.
You have to give it up.
You've got to get naked.
Are you nude right now?
God.
What is naked?
You're a sick.
Singing is wretched and your outfit is ridiculous.
I can see you're vagina.
I can't get naked.
You know, so his nakedness is put a perfect.
We're going to do a vaginal honor and check her cervix.
We're going to have a rainbow coming out of my hoo-ha.
You get this even naked?
I'm not that innocent.
True, true.
My vaginal never leave the same.
But who cares?
If I said you had a beautiful body,
would you keep your pants off and dead
around a little?
My vaginal was itching to the beat of the band.
I did it again.
OK, like what I'd be able to do that with my vaginal?
We weren't clean underwear.
Definitely not wearing my underwear.
By the way, I'm not wearing underwear.
That's an interesting.
10.45 a.m. Now, there is an amusing picture.
I'll agree with this.
It's nice, great.
And I approved it as a comment on our MySpace page,
but it hasn't popped up under yet.
Well, just give it time.
So anybody wants to see that?
Now, first of all, he's not naked.
And secondly, his hoo-ha isn't the show.
And he's got like a little target thing there.
A little target thing, right?
But yeah, it was funny.
It was a big hit.
It wasn't really.
I think everybody just waits a few minutes.
It'll pop up on there in the picture anyway.
Police are investigating the third suspected hate
crime at New York's Columbia University.
Oi!
After a swastika was spray-pated on the office door
of a Jewish faculty member yesterday.
Swastika.
It's not swastika.
And it's not anything else that these illiterate anchors
are saying.
Swastika.
It's not that complicated, OK?
The twisted cross, the Nazi symbol.
Swastika.
Very easy word.
Even I can pronounce it.
I butcher a lot of words, but that's not one of them.
The university said in the statement that the swastika was spray-pated
on the door of a Jewish faculty member at Teachers College yesterday.
This is in New York, no less.
Not that there aren't a lot of bigots in New York, but nevertheless.
Police said they were investigating the incident, but declined for the
comment.
We feel we've been targeted precisely because Teachers College is and
historically has been a center for deep multicultural work, Susan
Furman, the president of Teachers College's sendenestayment.
Columbia Teachers College, part of the University campus in
Upper Manhattan, houses the oldest, the nation's oldest and largest
graduate school of education.
New York City is known for its racial and ethnic diversity, and
these suspected hate crimes follow recent national attention and
protest in Gina, Louisiana, where three nooses were found hanging from a
tree at high school their last year.
That was big news.
News.
On October 10th, a black professor discovered a new South
South-Header Teachers College office the next day a caricature of
man wearing a Yarmulka above a swastika was found on a bathroom door at
these school of general studies.
Waring a Yarmulka above a swastika.
The Columbia incident earlier this month sparked a campus protest in
separate forum in which students had grievances about racial incidents.
A spade of crimes followed near a city in which blacks and Jews were
harassed with swastika's and nooses leading police to believe was the
work of copycats.
News is seen as a potent symbol of racist lynchings and hatred of blacks in
the USA.
A potent symbol and a very important symbol as well.
We got over 700 votes on the poll Chris how do you like that?
You probably don't care because you're waiting for that food to come in.
I'm all about this poll.
You're all about the food.
What?
I bet your court is this too no question.
Oh yeah court is a solid thing.
You'll see when that food comes in today from the copy.
You'll see all of a sudden Zach who otherwise would be long gone by now.
He may not have been a victim of that.
What?
He said he's going back.
Oh he will.
And he's entitled.
He did a good job for two days.
Not spectacular.
But when you agree Chris he was good.
Yeah it did very good.
He could have told us a little more insight on the issue.
Yeah I would be a lot more insight.
He's a worse already told you that I was listening.
I was listening.
I was hoping for a little more on Joel.
That's right.
Pretty wimpy on a Joel finder stuff and pretty wimpy even like on the most
stuff too.
He's a worse you know.
Plus Clarence will cut him off if he tells us the truth.
He did the pop in here every once in a while.
Who's that?
Clarence.
For what?
Monitoring maybe I don't know.
Popped in for a win.
Yesterday he walked in here every once in a while.
He's like when Zach told you he was standing at the door laughing.
He wasn't kidding I forget why.
But he opened doors just like standing here looking over the shoulder and
they're like okay what's going on in here.
Yeah just like he was going to call me and tell me that
Grieper was going to do the show yesterday instead of Zach.
Right.
Chickens are going to pee Clarence.
Million dollar bills are going to fall off trees in your backyard Clarence just as
much as you know all this other crap.
Just go sit in your little room there and play butchboss pretend that you're like a big shot.
Everybody is on the you and has been right from the very from the get go as they say.
The Humper just stuck you in there and then you know it would stab everybody in the
back and just right on down the line.
I would be surprised if he also had his finger in Miguel's situation too.
Thanks.
Oh wouldn't surprise me that's what I'm hearing that's what I'm conjecturing and making up as I go on.
What?
I'm telling you he was in on the meeting where they decided to stab Miguel in the back
because Miguel liked this show and George suggested some promotion for this show
or somebody did.
Maybe Miguel suggested.
That was the end of him.
Speaking of promotion we're just over an hour away in our antenna for 11 minutes until noon
and then we got our meals hack price deals.
I know everybody in town is doing them but we move them all out except for one week.
Just that one time, well let's ask me about my business K, that one week that we still I think we still have five left.
I could be wrong let me take a look.
All in that thing is working today that's good.
Yeah Fred, are you sure?
Am I sure what?
Right now it worked.
Uh huh.
Fresh harvest we still have those five left.
That's a little animosity there.
Animosity toward what?
Toward you.
About what?
I'm saying you're always saying that oh it's not working today or something.
If it didn't work I would have thought it didn't work.
You know you're a your pathetic you really are for a pump that came in this morning and put the stories of it nine o'clock in the morning when 50 people could have read them already or a hundred people.
I wanted to keep those people on their toes.
You want to keep it fresh.
Yeah, fresh is the word you freshy thing like my grandma used to say you freshy thing you what that mean?
Was she Jamaican?
50 votes.
Now if you was Jewish is what she was.
An old Jew like me an old Jew.
You freshy thing you.
You know that old.
Full of crap.
Not by South Florida standards it's one of the reasons to be living in or have lived in or working in or be far away from South Florida.
Hey you know who's 65 today?
Who's that Larry Flint?
Well there you go.
Proverts of a feather celebrate birthdays together.
Happy birthday Larry.
They aged together?
No we don't.
He's aged a little faster than me and of course he had some health.
He had the audacity in order to publish all of my new pictures and to be like outspoken and in America he just don't pay new things like that.
Ask Al Goldstein they didn't shoot him but they came after him in other ways.
They stuck him in records island there in jail and made sure he lost everything that he had.
Now he's like weighs about 15 pounds.
You can put him like put him on your hand like a little doll like a little Mary Annette like Kukla friend and Ali.
And Bertilstrom all by I sure remember those days.
Let's go back to the early days of TV live live and white and everything.
Yeah.
Da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da da.
It was good stuff.
It was great I mean today nobody would watch it.
You know puppets who don't want to see puppets but back in those days you know Kukla and Ali the dragon and Bula the witch.
Howdy duty with Mr. Bluster and Chief Thunder Thud and Princess Summerfall Winter Spring.
Cool.
And the little kids in the peanut gallery who would always get make a big scene when they had to go pee you know about Flaubah.
I got to go party.
Is that where they came up with that you know from peanut gallery thing?
Yeah that's where they came up with peanut calories from the Howdy Duty show.
It's Howdy Duty time.
I guess I better dig some of that out.
I got it.
From all the old shows for all of us ancient farts living in the past back when TV was at least it was live you know with spontaneous so at least there was some really funny stuff.
As opposed to now where everything is edited out even the language that's right.
Even on the cable channels they bleep out the F-word and they yell I mean just crap.
Because the FCC and the right wing alluded to Kippincredital fags were busy doing each other under bathroom stalls all over America.
They got them so intimidated oh we're going to get you fined by the FCC.
Oh yeah see better bleep it out.
Let him down.
That's the American motto now.
Let him down bleep it out.
Hey they can play farts at least.
Who's that TV?
Yeah that's true TV can at least play farts.
Not here though.
Not here run to the Joyce rules here at QAM and Beasley Broadcasting.
We got this book boss named Joyce Fitch rhymes with real bitch and witch being right after Halloween.
And that bad not Halloween is one of those things that can you imagine the sales on Halloween candy now in the stores.
You can probably get like 600 pounds sacks of candy corn for like a dime.
So that's where you're going today?
No I wouldn't eat that if there was a last thing on earth I'd chew the grass first before I'd eat that crap.
Or you could me candy corn.
Yeah I guess that yesterday.
That's not a big fan.
Yeah nasty.
If there was anything I ever came across in my life that was strictly for a goiim it was candy corn.
Do you probably like some snicker bars or something on sale?
You know something is that a boy crazy?
I encourage isn't going to work.
I have no interest I've gone two solid days without any.
The only carbs I had yesterday were natural carbs I had a bowl of broccoli soup with my bacon cheeseburger at lunch with no bun of course.
So I had no refined carbs.
It was very good.
You don't have to eat refined carbs and if you can go a couple days without it you lose that desperate urge that desire.
That ravenous oh I got to have candy and a whole bunch more candy and then a pint or two of ice cream.
You know just shoveling it down your throat because it's indicative.
But already being against the law there ought to be a skull and crossbones.
All the people that manufacture sugar refine sugar they ought to be in jail.
All this bitch think about tobacco and then the smoking thing.
Oh well second hand smoke and all that other crap.
Let me tell you right now there's nothing worse than sugar.
Or we shouldn't say that in Florida.
Nothing worse than sugar let me say it again refine sugar kills refine carbs kill cookies and pies and pastries and ice cream all of these things.
Killer carbs baby I'm writing me a book forget about my 85 years in radio.
I'm doing a book called killer carbs I'm going to do it and we'll read it.
My best advice to all you people out there to be out of those carbs man get off the potato chips and a caramel torn.
Maybe it'll end up on the overbook lens and all that crap.
And that piece of the key candy all that's swill he's just ignoring us.
Why?
Josh said maybe your book will wind up on the Oprah list.
Screw that bitch.
732 votes on the pool.
We'll make a thousand beyond that.
Good luck to him.
I think about 1050.
Yeah look you don't need a number today okay.
Okay just leave well enough alone as my suggestion to you.
In this case at this place well enough alone isn't all that good.
And Clarence stay in the house a control room during the show okay we don't need you in there playing Greg Reed Junior okay.
Standing around lurking in the background I'm going to show you a thing I'm monitoring you good.
Turn the radio off we allowed Clarence you might learn something.
Number one that you're an A-hole but I guess you already know that.
This is the Neuroger show.
You you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you you.
Any question?
Live in Chicago.
Oprah please welcome former vice president Al Gore.
Thank you thank you.
Al Gore.
You know likes to dress up as a woman.
Absolutely.
Were you very feminine as a male?
Yeah.
So all these years you wanted to live as a woman.
Did you feel feminine as a man?
I am excited.
Had no problem with becoming a woman.
Well I hope not.
Wow wow.
When did you make the decision to be a woman?
The year 2004.
Wow.
What I felt was just an overwhelming surge of emotion as a transgender now when you were male you never wanted to be with other men.
I can't control myself.
That's really amazing.
I say to you tonight and hear me well you ain't seen nothing yet.
Oh my God.
Oh thank you Al Gore for being here today.
Yes.
Thank you.
Speaking of that Josh is a picture is up there now in my space for our my space friends out there.
There's a on the comment page.
Well it's not me it's it's my it's my costume but yeah.
What do you mean it's not you that's not you?
No that's not me.
Who is that?
That's my costume to some guy.
I don't have pictures.
What does that mean?
I don't have the pictures from last night yet Jesus.
So who is that guy?
That's I don't know some guy who poses for the costumes.
Oh because I thought maybe I'll have said you got much better looking because that guy don't look too bad.
Wow.
Oh you never looked that good.
Man I'm just depressed now.
What?
Why you think you look like that guy?
Yeah no one of you put that picture up.
He's got this girlfriend.
No one here keep running.
I think Brandon's got a point although Brandon won't write because he's shining me today because I sent him an email about using this pool file.
He's probably pretending to be working there something like that.
Here's a fact from Richard obviously is a long time listener not.
Richard says I heard the show I heard Josh on the show yesterday.
Well I right off the bat you have problems Richard because Josh was not on the show yesterday.
Zach was here yesterday and immediately thought his voice sounded just like Alex Baldwin's.
I think he wants to date Josh.
Yeah Zach maybe if he looks at that picture on there on the my space he'll think that's you and he'll be running over there trying to hit the target.
Also the first time I heard that you ferry by that thought it was Jim Mandage am I insane?
Absolutely absolutely yes.
That you ferry thing comes from McVengury Glen Ross.
Where did you land your trade you idiot?
Whoever told you that you could work with men what you're hired for is to help us.
Does that seem clear to you to help us?
To help men who are going out there to try to earn a living.
You company man you ferry.
You ferry.
You ferry.
Alphatino.
You ferry.
From McVengury Glen Ross.
And must see movie by the way you see that.
Very good you made it good.
And you didn't even fall asleep too I did you?
No.
Well that's good very good.
And what about you Chris you seem going your argument Ross?
Yes.
You know you normally you steer me the right direction when it comes to the point.
Oh I don't want to hear that line.
You just put your foot in your mouth.
Why is that?
I'll be in your rectum.
I steer you in the right direction.
For movies.
Oh.
I mean because of you I saw let's see Crash which was probably one of the best movies I've ever seen.
Yeah that's great.
Glen Gary Glen Ross.
I saw a network great message there.
What was the one with the...
The Sagorny Weaver and that guy from...
Oh Ethan whatever his name is.
You know who I'm trying to say.
That little fruit cake.
That's a great one.
That's one of my favorite movies.
That's one of them.
I can't remember.
I'll give one.
You know imaginary heroes.
Yes.
That was a good one.
That's her.
What else?
I don't even know.
Yeah there have been a whole bunch of Requiem for a Dream.
Requiem for a Dream?
Yes.
Magnolia.
Magnolia.
What is wrong with you?
You just pick it up for a George left off.
That's a great...
That is a classic.
Oh no.
Okay so it's long big deal in the...
Yeah that's...
Well we didn't see enough about what happened to these people.
Well what do you want to do?
Have the rest of the life story.
There's like 25 major characters in that movie.
What are we supposed to do?
You see all the way until they all croak?
No I didn't think that was that great of a movie anyway.
It was great.
It was alright in my opinion.
I guess you got freaked out by the reigning frogs.
I must have been it.
That was it.
Thought it was ripping out man.
Yeah that must be it.
I got good taste in movies.
In fact my little friend, one of his friends brought him a whole bunch of DVDs every day.
And he brought down from me last night all I didn't have time to watch it.
Because I was too busy losing my ass at Woodbine.
And I had a BAD night of Woodbine.
And I had a lot of amounts.
I'm not telling you how much.
None of your business.
BAD.
Okay when I say BAD does that give you a little indication?
A lot.
But anyway one of my all-time worst days there.
But anyway it's one of those things.
Not going to change my life.
And I didn't come home in time to watch the movie.
But I got hostile too.
Now did you see hostile?
I did.
Now that is one.
I don't know if you've got a queasy stomach.
You're not going to have violent movies and blood and guts and you don't want to see it.
But that is one of the really most riveting and bizarre.
And of course what attracted me to it is the opening scene these kids go off and it starts in Amsterdam.
Yeah.
Remember that?
Yeah those movies don't do anything for me personally.
But uh.
What? Like slasher?
Yeah like I don't know a lot of people either get scared or whatever their intrigue is there.
I don't know they don't do anything for me.
I didn't really get scared by it but I just thought it was a good violent movie.
It's a good idea.
So hostile too.
I don't know if anybody has seen it.
I guess the either one of you has seen it?
No.
Well I'll let you know.
Well if you didn't like the first one that much why would I want you to watch the second one?
I didn't dislike it.
It's just whatever.
I still say that I saw what you did last summer.
I saw that a few days ago with Freddie Prinz Jr. and Ryan Phillope who used to be Ryan Phillip and man.
And from a non-gay side Jennifer love you it.
Oh there you go.
See?
There's something very but in that movie.
Did the chef know where I met you?
I saw who you did last summer.
I know who you did last summer.
Thanks so.
I think she is.
Isn't she the beauty queen?
Well, 753 I think she's kind of foster he would.
753 votes on the poll.
Most common form of punishment.
It's too long.
I'm not going to read it very often because then they'll they would be right.
Oh, what are you doing?
Is reading those poll with the numbers, dammit.
See I'm starting to do more numbers now just to piss that one guy off.
You know the mailing it in guy who actually who actually has sent me a my space email about it.
And then when I blocked that then he started calling again when I was taking those stupid calls.
By the way a couple of days ago we took some calls on the show.
Was that Tuesday?
I guess that makes that happy.
And it was okay.
Yeah?
I must have missed it.
I mean what was it one hour?
We didn't take the whole hour maybe a year.
We had the guy calling the office line.
That was Wednesday.
What are Tuesday wasn't it?
No.
Yeah, tell us about the dude that died from our network.
Howard Ville.
Yeah.
Peter Finch.
Yeah, well every day it was the guy was full of crap.
He was wrong.
He said he died on a way to go take the tonight show, which he did the night show with Carson before the night before he died.
He had a heart attack.
He was on a way to some awards ceremony or some damn thing.
I don't know what he didn't die on the a taping of the Johnny Carson show.
And this guy calls the office line to go out of his way.
Neil made a mistake.
Yeah, screw you.
Okay.
There might be of all these negative people that write that crap about Hank there in it.
When you read anything, anything on the internet, see that's why we don't invite comments.
I mean, yeah, we had these things that are called comments on our MySpace, but they're not really comments.
They're like YouTube videos and crap and the stuff you put on it.
But when you read people's comments on these different articles and blogs and stuff, it's all crap.
It's the same crap that we used to get on the phone back in the days when we used to take calls on the show.
One of the reasons I stopped doing it.
It's just the same bunch of mouth contents and misfits.
Bleh, bleh, bleh.
Taking cheap shots.
Bleh, bleh, bleh.
Because they can't.
That's all.
I don't care about cheap shots, but it gets pretty old after a while.
And the thing was supposed to be about Hank.
There's even one on there in the herald stuff.
Takes a shot at me, which it didn't bother me.
I'm still getting paid big money.
I don't care.
But oh, yeah.
It's the same old, sick, and a little George peeling to like a pre-view-s and kids who are in school when QAM is that show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You don't like it, don't listen, drop dead, okay?
Go ahead, hell away.
It's one thing about me.
I'm not here like kids, everybody's ass.
I never was doing it in the past.
I'm not going to do it now.
But let me ask you this.
How's Chippy doing?
It's just the way that Joe says there, man.
It just, I always gives me a little chuckle, you know what I mean?
What do you mean?
Like, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, like that.
Chippy.
Well, it's Joe with those live spots.
You know, Joe is just, he is beyond belief.
Now you heard the morning show now, right?
The new morning show with the-
I like it.
Oh, well, let me ask you this.
When is the content on?
Wait, can I- which part of the hour is there actually?
Oh, yeah, that part.
I'll send you the, uh, the room clock.
You can send me that room clock so I can see when they're going to be talking about something other than the association.
Oh, my God, that guy.
Wow, he's- he's not going to be there to Marguise.
He's going to India or something for some-
Is that for the basketball for the heat or something?
Yeah, probably.
Oh, good.
He'll be on there often on.
Well, mostly off we hope.
I mean, yeah, I'm sure he's a good guy and he likes this show, but I'm not going to-
I'm not going to kiss his ass just because he kissed my ass, you know.
Maybe if he looked like the guy in that picture that Josh put on there,
I better look at that picture again.
I can't look pretty good.
Now that I know it's not you.
If I looked at it and I thought it was you and I thought, wow, that would be a obscene, you know, to make me feel bad.
Because you're a good guy, but you sure ain't nothing to look at.
That's for that.
I mean, you're all relatively speaking compared to who's in that building.
You're just a knockout, you know what I mean?
Okay.
A lot of very ugly people in that building didn't stop him kissing on the other day.
Yeah, he kissed me, kissed my ring.
That all?
757 on the pole.
No, he was very nice in the elevator, very friendly and the real mention or just a wonderful, fine person.
And I thought, wow, a human being in this building must have gotten in the wrong elevator.
You must be lost, so I did.
Yeah, so we're a lot of other people lost when they entered that place.
Wow.
I never forget the first day that Norma Kent brought me up there and we tried it around.
They gave us the tour that building and I looked, the walls and the carpets all had like all the stained schmutz.
I mean, it looked like a toilet.
It looked like people in there have been doing dumps on a wall and stuff.
It's just filthy.
It was great re-printing around in this three-piece suit, you know, in a silk designer's suit, pretending to be a hot shot.
And then the place was filthy.
It would be like living in a pig's thigh and then wearing a Brooks Brothers suit.
I mean, what's the point?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
And I was in any better now that Fanny and his jolly Joe was coming in because he seemed like a real slum.
I'm going to go with it the same.
Yeah, it's the same crap.
It's the same toilet that it always was.
Oh, and of course, the bugs rolled around because they don't want to get an exterminator.
I'll tell you one thing.
If any place needs an exterminator, that's the place.
And I'm not talking about the bugs, dude.
I'm talking about the bugs, clearing.
The sports leader.
Bill?
God?
I lied that kid is ugly and looks like a chick.
Oh, my God.
You're a roast.
Put your hands in the air.
Pull the phone, you zippur.
Loosen up your pants.
I'm dropping to the floor.
Slowly as you can.
Please remove your t-shirts.
So that you save real cool, I get real hot.
Now just remove those hooks and bang.
With that old familiar snap.
Yeah, you got something rather to be this fine.
I'm dying.
Oh, we...
I feel a while now that it's coming in.
I think that was the last time, but at any rate, I looked at that picture again and I apologize profusely.
In fact, anybody who looked at it because our second glance, he changed your mind.
Wow.
Second glance.
That is one nasty looking thing, whatever it is.
I'm not really sure it's a guy.
Looks like a bunch of chick with a real boy share cut.
Well, you know, it's not a nasty looking thing.
Is the food starting to come in the studio here?
Well, good.
You got a gum drop for you guys.
What are they bringing?
A bunch of steak.
Yeah, we got steak, lamb chops, lamb's leg and rib-eye.
From a copy.
What else?
We got rib-eye, filet, lamb chops, death-by-chocolate.
I'm probably going to dive into all of that.
What about you, Chris?
Chris is off mic right now.
I think he's a...
He was surprised.
And is Zack in there sniffing around by any chance?
No, not yet.
They just came in there set in the play.
We've just got in, Zack.
OK, so leave a little for somebody else.
Don't be a...
Don't be a mo-routine.
OK, and sneak and get the last slice of pizza.
Yeah, I was running down all the way to the bottom.
You're running all the way down?
Yeah, it's boning rib-eye.
Yeah, filet, lamb-ey-none.
Lamb chops, something.
I forgot that part of it.
New York strip and death-by-chocolate.
Wow.
Woo!
Sounds like a lot of meat to me.
Yeah.
Lamb chops, Australian.
Excellent.
What do you guys just go ahead and dig in and just let me sit here
salivating, especially that death-by-chocolate.
Can you imagine what my blood sugar could be up to with that?
Easy.
And I actually want to get to over 500 the little machine just as high.
And I said, I weighed back...
Oh, hi!
Hi!
Just before I passed out and hit the floor.
770 Feeboats on our pull.
It's a really marginal pull.
We're going to a thousand, I guess.
And if we don't, we don't really care.
In a one way or the other.
Go ahead and have a good time with it.
After CNN aired its heavily promoted planet and peril series
examining the impact of humans on the environment and the devastating
impact of the earth's rising temperatures, competitor Fox News
aired a segment aimed at debunking the Al Gore rhetoric as they call it.
Conservative hosts, fascist, Sean Hannity, may clear his disdain
for CNN's environmental alarm when the show we co-hosts convened
a panel of graduate students to discuss the program.
Several students involved say their views were misrepresented and
other complaining the Fox talker make them up to be a bunch of science-denying
rubs.
We feel like we were sold out by Fox News, Chris Hain, one of the participants
told raw story.
What did you expect you were going to weigh on Fox News, you idiot?
You dummy!
Hain was one of about 10 graduate students at the University of Alabama
Huntsville who watched CNN's four-hour mini-series and participated
in the focus group led by Dr. John Christie, a professor at the school in a prominent global warming sceptic.
Using their so-called planet and peril series, the network CNN is scaring you,
the American public into believing the Al Gore rhetoric candidate spat in
producing a segment, our cameras traveled to the University of Alabama at Huntsville
to provide a very different perspective on the subject that by no means have
be considered accepted science.
Participants said the students participated in a lively hour long debate
with least half the students having a positive reaction to the CNN special,
despite the hand in these characterization.
In its heavily edited segment, Fox cut students' short to mischaracterize
their sentiments and accent the negative Hain claim.
Will McCarty, a doctoral candidate to the University of
Alabama, is saying that the CNN special-like data because of ratings concerns.
The whole CNN special was more of a human interest piece.
It wasn't here to give us numbers, numbers, numbers he said and comments
here on Fox.
We scientists like that, not everybody likes that in the world, that's not ratings.
That's right, that's our problem here on the show.
Too many numbers, numbers, numbers, number, or mating in numbers.
McCarty tells Ross story those comments were cut off to portray a negative
slant during the discussion McCarty says he praised CNN's balanced report
and said his presentation was the logical approach to make a complex
topple engaging for the average viewer.
Those comments did not find their way to Fox.
Nobody's going to watch physics specials on PBS that they shoot in high school
for fun McCarty sent an interview on Tuesday.
That's not going to teach anybody anything.
1.6 degrees Celsius per decade doesn't mean a lot to most people.
Students said they knew if Christie's using global warming and Fox news
bias before agreeing to the focus group, so the slightest segment wasn't a huge surprise.
The professor moderated the defend the segment, saying Fox's presentation
was no worse than what appears on any of the network covering controversial subject matter.
If you look at the planet in peril, that's the first example of people
sliding Christie told Ross story.
I think Fox was trying to go the other way.
They're going the other way.
The fascist way, the far right way, way off the deep end.
That's where they always go.
Well, they're comfortable there way over and the right.
But all those self-hating faggot Republicans like Dick Curtis,
Richard, whatever's name is Dick.
What you say?
And Mark Foley and Bob Allen.
And who else I leave out?
Oh, and of course Larry, you're Craig, toad Tamp and Larry.
Well, there's Robert Shapiro.
I said, oh, Jay didn't do it.
You know, he did it, Bobby.
You know, he did it.
They don't care, you know, listen to big bucks.
They don't care what?
This is good.
Good.
Let's hear about the food.
Well, the smells are just great.
So far, just a bit into the, you know, the, I believe it's the FLA.
Wow.
Josh is hooking himself up right now, but he's already in the lamp.
Oh, yeah.
Well, you know, he was standing by the mic while I was getting some food.
So now he's like in his food.
But just wow, I'm like all these different sauces for everything.
Just very good.
And you know something that's an inconsist.
It's, you know, because it's all in me.
If you just avoid that death by chocolate dessert, you don't have to, uh,
instead of a regular mint jelly, it's a mint infused oil, like olive oil, I think.
Yeah.
So just wow.
I don't like lamb chops.
Well, I see, I don't normally like lamb, but for going.
The last two, at least the second time I've had a row with, very head-level awesome.
It's pleased to see why the snow.
What did you say?
So anyway, glad you're enjoying all the good meat.
That's great.
Excellent.
And of course, I'm sure we'll get a report on the death by chocolate before Josh.
Stan, I know you're not going to eat that, are you?
The death of the...
I have no idea, but there's three of them sitting in there waiting for you.
You have no idea?
What kind of an answer is that?
You have a good idea.
I think that's a...
Yeah.
I think that's what it might be.
And not just a yes, but a...
Absolutely.
Right.
That's what I'm thinking.
In fact, so...
If I was sitting there, you'd probably...
Holy, I would be...
What?
Rolling, and I could split one.
Yeah, or maybe Zach can have two or three of them.
We haven't seen him yet.
We're not sure if he's still here.
Really?
Maybe Zach is gone already.
Maybe he didn't want to stick around and take the abuse for picking out and our food.
That's not the only way he's going to live it.
780 on the pool.
We're going to do 1,000 a day, and after that, you're on your own.
I don't really care.
Oh, this thing...
Rick Sanchez, by the way, did a good job this morning.
I was really shocked.
I was shocked, first of all, that I continued watching when I saw his push on my TV, and
secondly, the fact that he ripped Fred Wilfson ass.
Nice go on, Ricky Tickey.
It goes to show you a better way than we look like that.
A grieving father won nearly $11 million verdict yesterday against that crazy fundamentalist
Kansas Church that pickets military funerals out of belief that the war in Iraq is a punishment
for the nation's tolerance of homosexuality.
It's the Homo's done it.
Anything that happens, the Homo's done it.
Albert Snyder of York P.A. sued the Westboro Baptist Church for unspecified damages, after
members demonstrated at the March 2006 funeral of the Sunlines Corporal Matthew Snyder who
was killed in Iraq.
The jury first awarded 2.9 million in compensatory damages, and returned to the FNMCC
award 6 million in punitive damages for invasion of prophecy, and 2 million dollars for
causing emotional distress.
Well, I think I'm going to sue Jolly D.R. Joe for about 20 million for emotional distress.
I agree.
Snyder's attorney Craig Treblecock had urged jurists to determine an amount he says that
says, don't do this in Maryland again.
Do not bring your circus of hate to Maryland again.
Church members routinely pick a few rules of military personnel killed in Iraq and Afghanistan,
carrying science shisses, thank God for dead soldiers, and God hates fags.
Very, very lovely.
Real sick bastards.
You would like this lamb?
No.
A number of states, Mary had a little lamb.
A number of states have passed laws regarding funeral protests, and Congress has passed
law-provincing such protested federal ceremonies, but the Maryland Law soon has believed to
be the first filed by a family of a fallen serviceman.
The church and three of its leaders, the Reverend Fred Phelps, Reverend Myasson, is two daughters,
Shirley Phelps-Roper, and Rebecca Phelps-Davis-46, were found liable for invasion of prophecy and
intent to inflict emotional distress as if there's any question.
Even the size of the award for compensating damages, far exceeds the net worth of the
defendant's accord, a financial statement filed with the court, US District Judge Richard
Bennett noted.
Snyder claimed a protest intended upon, intruded upon, which had been a private ceremony,
and solid his memory of the event.
The church members testified that they're following their religious beliefs by spreading
the message that soldiers are dying because the nation is too tolerant of homosexuality.
But that is so logical to me, man.
The attorneys maintained and closing arguments Tuesday that the burial was a public event,
and then an abhorrent, even abhorrent, points of you are protected by the First Amendment,
which guarantees freedom and speech in religion.
Earlier, church member staged a demonstration outside the Federal Courthouse.
Church founder, the lunatic Fred Phelps-Hell-Design, reading,
God is your enemy, while Shirley Phelps-Roper stood on an American flag and carried a sign
that read, God hates fagging neighbors.
Members of the group sang, God hates America, the tune of God bless America.
Snyder sobbed when he heard the verdict while members of the church greeted the news with
tight-lipped smiles.
Tight-lipped smiles like, mm-hmm.
Farbissen is the word that they missed in that story.
Farbissen.
Crazy-ass.
Farbissen are going, baby, and don't leave out the Orthodox Jews to, oh, gay pride my ass.
Aren't they leaving?
We're going to shoot them all.
We're going to shoot a fag for Yushki, for Solomon, for Abraham.
All you religious people, man, you need to be put on the moon.
You need to be the next moon, man.
Put them on the space shuttle and send them out to a Uranus.
Get them out of our face.
The biggest name.
The best talent.
You need a Roger.
It's 4.560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
All right, this is G Gordon Lydia, and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers.
Right now on Intergame is tonight.
An ironwell man is facing indecent exposure charges from some unusual circumstances.
Federal officials say they found 47-year-old Craig McCullough lying in a restroom with
his pants down next to quote, an anatomically correct inflatable doll.
And it's not his first brush with the lawn.
2005 he was convicted of robbing a Cedar Rapids bridal boutique just after the burglary police
found him in a nearby alley carrying a mannequin wearing a bridal gown.
Craig, the UPS truck is here with my thief.
First tonight, my time, I'm in the middle.
She's my very sensual.
Because she's got no genitals.
She feels sensational.
Because her mouth is electrical.
Having fun with my girlfriend is always a cinch when she's smoked up the fire and
he's five times the square inch.
She used a beam for me just to bust it.
My girlfriend is inflatable.
Yeah, she's a real doll.
She's made of silicon.
My girlfriend is inflatable.
Yeah, she's a real doll.
She's made of Taiwan.
I bought myself a symbol.
They all look identical.
Her panties are edible.
It's too big to spell my mouth.
It was just her first face.
So you know how I felt.
She got ripped and burned and started to melt.
She used to be fun for me until she ignited.
My girlfriend is inflatable.
How many times have I known how?
My girlfriend isn't inflatable.
No, it's too bad.
She's a fire doll.
My girlfriend isn't inflatable.
Number 33, 27, will know it's 560 WQAM.
Well, we got some stuff after the Humper tonight.
In fact, even that 6-7 hour with the Humper,
it might be dolphin doll access with that.
Because they got to get at least two hours of that crap
on their otherwise Wayne comes and burns the building down.
That's in a contract.
Is it over there?
Yeah.
I didn't know that.
I didn't know that.
I knew you were acting like a fool.
Oh, wow.
I knew that I was saying.
We've eaten all of the steak, which is down to half.
We have.
Me and Craig are nice and around.
That's how we do it.
Hey, this don't stand good.
You're a buddy of the Beast Kenden here and got shut out.
Good.
What about Zach?
What other way he is?
Well, that's what it goes.
He tops a good game.
Maybe he unwashed up.
Because he probably would eat that death by chocolate.
Because he's a chocolate hauler.
Yeah, we haven't broken into that yet.
But we're about to.
Uh-oh.
Sometimes.
No.
The happiness or unhappiness of others, he could name,
is important to him.
Without too much trouble.
Christian Scientology.
You can help them.
More ignorance is picking up Elrond Hubbub.
Little Green Men from the West.
Maybe they can all look with Tommy Cruz.
Maybe they can cruise the tea room with Larry Craig.
Anyway, it's more of the same crap, man.
It just makes you want to gag.
Thinking people, okay?
Thinking people.
People even think a little bit for themselves.
Not because somebody fed them a bunch of fairy tales,
bubble miceies.
They know it's all a bunch of crap.
Thinking people.
And all the rest of the people are busy trying to kill everybody else.
Oh no, you're wrong.
You got the wrong religion, man.
Oh, look at that.
Yeah, they got the St. Vitas dance in their pants.
Look at that.
Scientologists provide free material.
Oh my God.
And others across the country.
Woo!
Where's Little Richard when we need him?
And he's supposed to drop in that little Richard thing.
I don't have it, I don't think.
Mash Potatoes, gravy, where the hell is that?
What's it under?
You're asking me, how do I know?
I ain't got it.
There's a lot of stuff that George doesn't think of.
Chris was a little Richard thing.
And also, don't taste me, bro, thing.
I don't have that either.
Well, I was going to play the Howdy Doodies thing, but that's, you know,
I lost my opportunity, you know.
I missed my chance.
Like Celetzzo said in the Godfather.
I'm not sure.
I don't taste me, bro.
That's the only one I've ever...
That's the only one I've found.
I'm talking about the real one.
Yeah, but for some reason it's not playing over here.
You got it?
Yeah, but it's paused and whatever it is.
Well, whatever.
790.
Oh, that's it.
Let's get off of that number right away.
Oh, there's John V. Volta, another closet queen,
and Tommy Cruz, with the Comparative Craft.
Somebody help me!
That's it?
Oh, look out, look out!
It's still stuck on 790.
I think Joel Feinberg is putting the evil spell on our pool.
790, my ass.
Oh, you just wait until it July drops off.
I mean, you talk about a bunch of wire diaries in a bogus monk,
and they know it over there too.
You've got to be sure of that.
And even their good boyfriend, Barry Jackass,
wrote in that scathing column, whatever,
about the hump or being leaving, and whatever else.
He wrote that, well, you know, they got a real problem coming
because they inherited the, they took on the Marlins,
which had no numbers, and the Panthers,
which had like a...
Oh!
...at night.
Has anybody seen Joel since, uh, to the little rest?
I don't know, but that's a story.
Sure got buried off of fast.
I'll tell you that.
They didn't have much legs as they said in the business.
They didn't have many legs.
The story about Joel, beating up his girlfriend out in California,
because allegedly, he had a bad day at the track, poor baby, you know.
When you got all that money from daddy, what's...
I mean, I had a bad night at Woodbite,
did I come home and find somebody to beat up?
No.
No.
793, thank God we got off that 790.
That makes me sick of my stomach.
Although we haven't heard from Paco, so who knows?
What are you talking about?
You want to beat him up?
No, I did not beat him up.
It would be easy, though.
He was about eight pounds.
Soaking wet.
Eight bucks.
Can I do the story about Barack Obama?
And I do this, you know,
grudgingly, but nevertheless, these are good points.
Margaret Kimberley and Smirking Chimp writes, and unfortunately, she's correct.
Anything for the president?
I'm going to pray with President Bush said,
Donnie McClurkin in 2004,
what makes Barack Obama look more inept the inability of his campaign staff
to search the wet for information on Vanne McClurkin,
or the assumption that gospel concerts might improve his political fortunes with black voters.
Obama is looking a little less gold in these days
and nothing proves it more than the debacle created by his political downhills
with an opportunistic closeted, bush-supporting, singing preacher.
For months, Obama was the political flavor of the month,
ruled by farming celebrities and promoted by the corporate media,
the stamp of approval from the right people
at Obsidian City firmly atop an enormous pile of campaign cash.
Now, his depocative contributors are showing signs of buyers remorse,
Mick because he's only neck-and-neck with Hillary in Iowa,
and training behind her in New Hampshire.
While Obama has been hoisted on his own patar,
he assured Democrats that he was safe.
He openly scored movement politics,
and made the appeal of colorblindness his calling card.
He chose Neocon Bush-Sokop Jew Lieberman as his Senate mentor.
His criticisms of the evil occupation of Iraq focused not on murder and theft committed by Hal Sam,
but by the traumatized Iraqis efforts to deal with an American-created hellish existence.
Leading all options on the table as part of the Obama stump speech in honor ran,
it's the only way to stay in the good graces of the pro-Israel lobby and its fundraising juggernaut.
He said nothing about the Jim Kroir injustices perpetrated in Gene Luziana
until Jesse Jackson called him out for his disgraceful silence and an action.
His attempt to imitate the worst of clintonian triangulations resulted in greater support for a real Clinton.
If support for him is weak among black voters,
it's because he hasn't given him any reason to stray from an only comfortable quantity.
The level of Bill Clinton's popularity among black Americans was unwarranted,
but it remains firmly intact, and Mrs. Clinton, the real McCoy, is the beneficiary.
In order to show up black voters support in the South Carolina primary,
Obama, or one of his very smart aides, chose the least meaningful, lowest-hanging political fruit.
They decided to get some old-time religion.
Why not promote their man as a good Christian soldier and have some good Christian music to go along with the claim?
The Donnie McClurken's snapper was born.
Donnie McClurken is a gospel singer in the pastor of a church in New York.
McClurken now sings Obama's praises, but just a few years ago he was singing for George W. Bush
at the Republican National Convention in 2004.
Like all good business-minded preachers, McClurken was fully in the Bush camp under made good political sense.
McClurken has his own personal issues emitting the having sex with men,
proclaiming the childhood sexual abuse was the sole reason for his orientation.
He also claimed that Gays were trying to kill our children while also calling homosexio a curse.
McClurken also applied that Gays could like him change if they prayed hard enough.
McClurken certainly picked the right horse in the right year,
denying his own personal history in order to be in with the political in-crow.
The McClurken controversy exposed Obama's lack of respect for the black community and also exposed his opportunism.
If he or Black candidate is getting a lukewarm reception among his own people,
it's because they doubt he's in their corner.
They don't like being told that feeling of race pride can be fulfilled with a black face in a high place,
but only on the condition that they cease making demands on the system and make themselves invisible.
Of course, gay Obama supporters are an untold place that their vows hanging out with an avowed gay basher,
oh well, too bad for them, why throw one group under the bus when he can throw two?
McClurken and Obama deserve one another, both men believe in self-promotion among all else, above all else.
Their claims of political and religious conviction are phoning out of fall on deaf ears.
McClurken is a good entertainer who will least give audiences their money's worth.
Obama's appeal is a lot more elusive than his fans will go home empty handed.
The classic case preacher is definitely a better bet than the hollow politician white's marker Kimberly.
How do you like that? Barbara Ratford is getting it from all sides.
And like I said in this article, it's literally so.
Don't even clerk in my ass.
Well, you gotta get them religious folks, baby, we got to get the go-am, we got to get the go-am on our side.
How's that goes? How's that go?
So you're still eating that food only 19 minutes away from noon, which means that noon we get to a
tunnel of certificates from a copy and you guys can rave about how delicious all the meat and the meat.
Yeah, I don't think they're going to last very long, yeah they don't.
A copy only in the house. We only got 50. These are $100 jobs for 50 bucks. We only got 50.
And we got 808 on the pool. Well, boy, this is quite a day. And probably because Josh came back with that hair suit.
The biggest name to the best out of Tito is Neil Rogers, Sport Rig with 5.60 QAM, the sports leader.
Stens of power manure covers over this performance by the dolphins.
This is I with this new.
Zima is under fire again for its response to a federal disaster. This time the agency lands in hot water for staging a fake news conference in response to the California wildfires.
Instead of legitimate members of the press, those who asked the questions were actually female employees.
Are you happy with the FEMA's response?
Step far.
I'm very happy with FEMA's response so far.
Does the response by FEMA make you happy so far?
I'm very happy with FEMA's response so far.
So far, did the response by FEMA make you happy?
I'm very happy with FEMA's response so far.
Do you seem happy? Is that because of the response by FEMA so far?
I'm very happy with FEMA's response so far.
Did FEMA do such a good job that we're going to get a raise?
I'm very happy with FEMA's response so far.
They said the whole thing was put together at the last minute.
No, they wouldn't do a thing like that. Nothing is fake in the world of a George W and these right-wing lunatics.
How is that the dick Curtis doing with that man prostitute?
Not yet.
He can just walk it back in or what?
Lumin 47, 13-Lunacumem.
I'm so happy with that by chocolate.
Anybody there trying that yet?
Oh yeah.
Oh my god. Great.
I got this huge sugar rush now.
Do you?
The good thing is it's not made with flour so it's a little bit healthier.
Mm-hmm.
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha.
Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha.
I don't want to say that I've spent people rationalizing stuff like that, but we do.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
Oh yeah.
National Hurricane Center says it'll probably let the tropical storm warning for Brown and date expired this afternoon as Noles speeded up and began turning away from the Florida coast just like anybody with a half of brain could see what's going to do.
Oh no, we've got to have a bunch of warnings.
The tropical storm locks for Palm Beach County has been discontinued altogether.
The Center's 11 a.m. advisory said that Noles had speeded up to nine miles an hour as it shifted direction to the North Northeast and eased the threat to Southeast Florida.
At 11 a.m. Noles about 170 miles southeast of Miami and moving away.
The Center of Noles is moving through the Northwestern Bahamas today and slowly increasing its distance from the Florida Coast to Center Center's advisory.
Forecasts has revised their South Florida rainfall estimates for the second time today saying that less than an inch of range should be expected.
In other words, the sky is not falling.
Schools and government agencies in South Florida had no plans to close because of the storm and why should they because it's moving away?
It's going the other way, but you know, it's no fun this way.
Noles-style movement is likely to worsen beach erosion.
No, each day of heavy weather, choose up more of Browards beaches since Steve Higgins, the county's beach erosion administrator.
It's pretty nasty out there. He said we're going to lose some beach. No, not about it. It's a beach.
Buh!
Beach is likely to sustain erosion in food, the northern public beach and for a lot of day.
The galt ocean mile, the northern, and then they make that all into condos now.
Is the galt ocean mile the food?
Still they're not. Galt ocean mile for a lot of day.
They used to be a really swanky hotel. I stayed there a few times in the city of the 100 years.
I'm sorry, swanky?
Yeah. I haven't never heard that before.
I don't mean swanky ever before.
What did you say? You never heard that word before? How about hanky-panky-swanky?
They remember Penn State stayed there one year for the orange bull.
That's about 100 years ago.
At any rate, the north end of Hillsboro Beach and the south end of Deerfield Beach.
City crews continue to scrape sand from A1A and 4, a lot of day up at the road remained open.
Higgins estimated some areas would lose 5-10 feet of beach.
This isn't good. He said the long-wredd lingers, the worst it's going to be for the beaches.
Hollywood officials were startled to see only 10 yards of beach left in some areas
of battalion chief Mark Steele with Hollywood Fire Rescue.
Some lifeguard in First Aid stations had to retreat because of the advancing water.
Red flags whipped in the wind along south Florida coast because of choppy surf and treacherous rib tides.
Still, the ways that tracked in surfers would cover the right off-road beaches that hurricanes and tropical storms provide.
Which, in the code, that means they're...but what about crazy?
Fire departments in Power Official saw slight increases over a typical day in the number of down power lines and outages.
Our communication centers receive the number calls for power lines down.
Power lines sparking and maybe due to the weather said Mike Jackles.
Spokesman for the BSO which provides emergency dispanse from most of the county.
FPNL reported some outages, of course.
Mostly in Palm Beach County yesterday morning, company spokeswoman Amy Brunges said 2500 customers
and the green acres lost power around 7 a.m.
Another thousand customers in West Palm in Palm Beach lost power for a few hours,
starting around 11 a.m.
and most power was restored by the afternoon.
Dating Browards saw combined total of fewer than 1,500 outages.
No one also grounded since South Florida several flights to and from the Caribbean.
Well, good. They're doing your favor, baby. Who that wants to go there?
At Palm Beach International, all flights to and from the Bahamas were canceled on Wednesday.
No other flights affected.
But a big bit of moop of ice. In other words, false alarm.
Keep you on your toes, though, mate. And since it's all ready, November 1st.
And we're back for this important stuff.
So the dead end by chocolate?
Yeah. When they serve you at the restaurant,
comes with homemade chocolate ice cream.
And what is it there?
Well, they didn't bring your ice cream because it was too far.
From the sunset that it would have just melted.
Yeah. But even without the ice cream, Josh, you can say it.
Yeah, it was great, man. Wow. We just downed it.
You sucked it up. Yeah. Yeah. In the cake, too.
Hmm. And Zach didn't get any. Well, it's too bad.
Yeah, poor Zach. Everyone else here got this.
He still keep him alive. And the beast was in there.
Of course, what a pig. You know what? A little pig.
And he's making a piglet. I can't. I just can't believe it.
The beach. Mrs. the beach.
The beast. Mrs. Beast and the piglet.
That's what you call it.
Well, what else would you call it? I don't know.
They're having a naming contest on the pregame.
How about it's alive, part three?
Do you ever see it's alive? I think the first one maybe.
Yeah. Cheesy. It was like one of those grade Z movies.
But it was cheesy. It was pretty good. It was entertaining.
Made me think of some of the people that we work around and poor.
825 votes on a pool. What was the most common form of punishment
you suffered as a kid?
Spanking with my clothes on. 256. What's spanking?
Mild Manard scolding. 117.
Vicious beating 78. Vicious.
Grounding 63. Spanking with Asbeard 60.
Spanking that bear ass.
Nothing at all. 46.
Custfield scolding. 45.
Management to the bedroom. 36.
Being tied up or caged. 30.
I just even Joan Crawford's embarrassed by that.
Deprivation of privileges. Carphone TV.
Stuff like that. Condoms. 21.
Deprivation of activities. Sports dating going to movies. 19.
Slap on the face. 15.
Good old fashioned slap on the face.
Doing time in Juby jail. 8.
Because that's a 6. 6.
School detention. 6.
Wrap on the wrist with the ruler. 6.
Being assigned a chore or extra chore. 5.
Sitting or standing in the corner of 3.
I once had to do that in 3rd grade.
Well they do that when you're a kid.
In 3rd grade I had to stand in the corner and I peed my pants.
What?
That's tough.
In 3rd grade I peed my pants.
I was too shy to ask to teach you the order of the party so I just peed my pants.
And then what'd you do?
To sat down when the class was over.
Well well let me know what did I do.
I mean I didn't have to tell you that.
But I peed my pants.
It was in the 3rd grade for crying out loud I was what?
7 or 8 years old?
So like that.
No you're enjoying it.
Being thrown out of the house 3.
Management to a closet 3.
I never spent much time in a closet.
Deprivation of toys 3.
Management to a closet?
Just like you were born and I'm reading these but some of these sound a little bit extreme to me.
Lawsword you definitely have your allowance to and deprivation of food or desserts too.
Oh and begot for a bit.
820 years something on the pool.
827.
We'll get to the thousand after that it's all going to be gravy.
Gravy on your lamb chops and on your New York strip and filet mignon.
That was great stuff.
Oh my god I'm glad.
And like you said these certificates are the self-fast and you can say,
uh, Fantjo or John Lee Joe is a douchebag.
Oh we can't say that.
I just did.
Oh I just dumped you.
Why is that?
Because you can't say that now.
You know the rules.
What the hell are you talking about?
He's golden.
Well we can say that again.
That's what-
What was the rationale why we could never say it?
Who said it?
Look I don't make the rules.
Now where did that come from?
What did you mean that's always been like one of the rules?
Yeah that's S-Bag D-Bag.
That's the new D-Bag and S-Bag.
That's right.
You haven't been around for a long time.
Okay we're busting up a little just a little bit on this show.
Well if you think that every ten Joyce comes up with some arbitrary edict that we're just
going to continue following it forever based on nothing.
Let Norma can't call up that Jew lawyer again in Washington that he is good buddy.
Oh well Steve Lerner is going to or whatever the guy's name is.
He's going to get this all straight.
Now and then Steve Lerner sends a letter saying,
oh yeah well Joyce is right and whatever she says go along with it because the bees these are paying him to say that.
Norma you idiot.
You quizzling.
You're fair.
Got all mighty.
If I want to say D-Bag I'll say how about T-Bag can we get T-Bag?
I thought you could ask her if you can say it.
Screw that bitch.
Let that Joyce bitch.
Who the hell are these people kidding man?
Scared of their own shadow.
Like I said many times this year with Jolly Jo and Clarence at the helm.
You can't complain about the way we compete because we just don't.
We don't compete.
Oh we lost all that money on the Marlins.
Yeah Jo you're going to really have it a jackpot with the Marlins baby.
Try to sell that crap.
Yeah.
So I try to sell Halavatt to the Ethiopian.
Forget it.
So Josh Cortis dumped me how do you like that?
Well you know between that and putting the bedtime stories on there about five hours late today.
You're going to get a really big check for the Bowser.
Back in the Bowser huh?
You're having a bad day.
What's that Halloween thing last time?
I understand.
Everybody's saying.
Probably some flack.
In fact I'm not expecting certain people to wake up today until maybe like three this afternoon.
I don't want to mention that name.
Taco Paco.
Hey listen party all night sleep all day.
That's the way to keep Mexico away.
835 vote on there man.
This poll is, it's okay.
Tomorrow we're using Brandon's poll about if the law said you had to have a religion which would you choose.
And it's not one of these word in cup of I'm saying none of the above or atheists are like that.
If you had to have a religion which one would you choose?
Which one is the most fun?
Heed nism?
That's not a religion.
Why not?
That's a way of life.
4 minutes still new and at 560 WDQ me you know what that means.
Just 4 minutes we're going to be doing our half price deals today.
Another great new restaurant offer for you.
Just go to wqm.com click on Niels half price deals and that thing actually works today that link.
You'll be able to buy $100 certificates for $50 to McCobby steakhouse in Bar and South Miami
and enjoy the same great food that Josh and Chris had just been sucking up.
McCobby features one of the finest dying experiences anywhere in town.
Meat lovers can feast on their juicy, delicious 22 ounce ribeye season with kosher salt and a five-blend peppercorn.
Seafood fans can enjoy seasoned jumbo crams served with a house mustard sauce and roasted garlic butter.
And don't forget about their Australian lamb chops, double-cutton served with a well-semic reduction and fresh mint and fused oil.
Also be sure to try the death by chocolate dessert, flourless dark chocolate with chocolate ice cream.
That's McCobby steakhouse in Bar, 5860 WDQ driving South Miami.
For reservation, the info call 305-662-4417 or visit them online at McCobbyStakehouse.com.
You got about three minutes to go and hop on your real quick because they're gonna go fast today.
What's your biggest name? Some fast talent here in New York.
It's 4.256-QAM.
Name, fourth, later.
Do you love what you drive? The South Flood Emors 80s Ben Stealers want you to love what you drive.
The brand new 2008 C-Class is in stock and ready for delivery at your South Flood Emors 80s Ben Stealers.
If power and performance is something you want, then see the S-Class.
If you need more room for your family, your South Flood Emors 80s Ben Stealers have the M and R-Class SUV.
Right now, Mercedes Benz and WQAM are giving away a two-year lease on a 2008 Mercedes Ben C-Class and a trip for two to the big games in Arizona and New Orleans.
Go to wqam.com contest section now.
John is having a nightmare that he chose the wrong place to watch the football game.
Here you go, John. There's something in my beard.
That's a figure head ass. Get him on fire, I knew.
John should have chosen Hooters. Then his nightmare would be a fantasy.
Can I get you some yearly world famous chicken wings with your beer?
Yes, you can.
John could enjoy 5.95 domestic pictures during all televised row and college games.
With Hooters in FL Sunday ticket, he'll never miss a minute of the action.
What the world famous Hooters girls put a little fantasy in your football?
What do former hurricane stars do with his McGay heat?
Adrian James and Tannamons and Frank Gore haven't common.
They all have successful broker-ears despite suffering devastating injuries.
Because those injuries were treated by the world-class stamp at Doctors Hospital in Coral Gables.
So for the very best in sports medicine, choose Doctors Hospital, positions for the pearls.
For a physician referral called 786-5966-557.
That 786-5966-5557.
Part of Baptist Health, South Florida.
Air-Ramack Lock beat up broadcasters back for 2007.
On sports radio 560 WQAM, this football season played against WQM's top talent.
Beer chance to win $1,000. All brought to you by Air-Ramack Lock.
Keeping South Florida cool for over 30 years.
Air-Ramack Lock would over 80 dispatch vehicles on the road daily.
And their famous 1995 AC Jacob Special.
They're the coolest guys in the air conditioning and appliance for air-rapp placement business.
Call Air-Ramack Lock for your air conditioning needs.
954-742544.
And play Air-Ramack Lock beat the broadcasters all season long.
Hey, Ron, how's business?
Not so good. I have new merchandise. I can't get out on display.
And the warehouse is totally out of control.
What are you doing about it?
I've got several companies, but no one shows up.
They asked me what I want done, but I can't explain it over the phone.
I need someone to respond.
Have you called Empire? I know they can provide the solution you're looking for.
Did they work for you?
Yes, several times. And we always get great results.
Empire commercial maintenance, response, solutions, results.
Call 877-560-5640 or logon at empiresm.com.
Hi, this is Joe Rose for Homeco.
At Homeco, say 50% every day on kitchen and back cabinets.
Granted, countertop sinks, faucets and more.
Say big on all your flooring needs.
Wood, laminate, ceramic, marble, bamboo, and granted.
Homeco's got it at knockout prices.
License contractors see Homeco for a special discount.
Homeco has locations in Miami, Miramar, Tamrak, Fort Myers, and now in...
This is pretty quick. Whenever I shape my balls, I listen to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour.
Before it happens, you get it here on News and Sinks.
L.A.'s new steam.
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, plus listen to this.
Thank you very much, everyone, for coming out here this morning.
It's a tragic time for Cauti-Fornio.
The diva-state.
We're taking you to other news now. We'll get back to that.
I wanted to take a look at this video.
A Brittany trying to go into a quiz.
No sandwich shop just to use the bathroom.
Back to you.
We're going across Southern Cauti-Fornio.
We have seven counties to be fired.
Breaking news right now. We're talking about parents.
Salt and D days.
She's just able to have a pillow and something to eat.
Media are apparently already gathering and getting ready for major coverage of this event.
Reporters, photographers from around the world.
Back to you, fat and veg.
It's 426,000 acres that burned.
Breaking news this hour.
We have to interrupt the news.
For this Brittany update.
Brittany Spears has applied to the posh twice-roy for a job as a bartender.
Back to you, bozos.
Zuz and six.
L.A.'s top new steam.
We run the one at five sixty W.D.Q.
I'm happy Thursday to A.L.
Ono day of Innovae Inverte.
And we got 31 left out of the fifty for McHobby State House.
How can there be 31 still left?
That's what I thought in a minute they would have gone.
When you?
Yeah.
They're a hundred dollars certificates and you pay only fifty bucks.
And we're talking about some of the juiciest.
Look how many we got left now.
Fuck 30 men.
30.
Ono knows.
Juicy delicious steaks.
Great dessert.
All your favorite booze.
58.61 sunsets drive and south Miami.
Great coffee.
Bosses and everything that go with everything.
Mmm.
Well we got 30 left. We'll see how it goes.
I'm not gonna...
Listen, if they miss out, I'll take them.
Oh no, they won't miss out.
These would be gone fast.
You think?
Yeah, we're only in a good minute here.
Listen, I want to get...
These things need to go like...
Look at these split.
We don't want to...
Stoo gots, by the way, still selling stuff from four weeks ago.
With this big audience that allegedly the bastards got in the afternoon.
Let me say it again.
I cannot wait.
I cannot wait.
Because it's not important that we succeed and do well.
But that they failed badly over there across the street.
Because these people here are obsessed with them.
Well, do anything to hurt you, Joel.
Oh, that's a big perfect that they have like 18 to 25 men or something.
But they got nine...
They got 122%.
They're still stuck on 30 here on this.
Stoo gots has got stuff from four weeks ago that he's still peddling.
How can we be stuck on 30?
Maybe it's catching up to all the orders.
What is that?
Maybe we crashed it again like we did at one time.
Get out of here.
Are you crazy?
That's not the way it works, man.
They go away in chunks.
When there's a huge demand like that, it's...
Look at these split.
Then they...
It's definitely crashed the server.
What?
It's definitely had so many of that one time that it's crashed.
They're my ass.
No, thank you.
Bracdom!
So anyway, we have thirty left.
That's the only reason they're stuck on 30.
They want to keep hearing that.
The journeyman.
The journeyman.
The journeyman.
One.
25, like I said.
So that's the way they're supposed to go in chunks.
Brian Morton has an article here on this murky chimp called King Rudy.
You know, you just look at him and you can tell he's evil.
In a Rudy Giuliani, he just has that look of evil on his face.
You can tell he's full of crap.
Come the first few months of 2008, if you're an old-fashioned American progressive need of entertainment,
you won't be able to beat listening all over the country for heads exploding across the aisle.
Anytime Rudy Giuliani wins a Republican primary.
Not to distract from the Democrats, but for a change, nearly all the people in our side seem relatively sane and formed an intelligent.
Meanwhile, on the GOP side, they have choices ranging from a raging, martinette, and gumbee the rubber-principaled man to Frederick of Hollywood
and a victim of actual torture gets booed out of his own party's debates when he suggests it might not be such a good eye attack that can be supposed global war on terror.
And the man who leaves the package Giuliani, who's in terror platform for the presidency consists of, oh my god, they want to kill us!
If the only thing we have to fear is fear itself, then the former Mayor Giuliani will be running his command center from underneath his bed.
If you've had a chance to look back at the good old bad day of the days of Giuliani's years as Mayor of New York, you might have been swayed by the fact that yes, New York became a much safer, much more livable place.
On the other hand, if your name was Amidu Diano or Adner Luima perhaps not so much, especially with the toilet plunger's satamy part, don't ask me to explain that's what Wikipedia's for.
If you like George W. Bush, it's hard to find anyone inside the, of the outside of the Malkanite loons and weekly standard editor Fred Barnes who does, you'll go moist over Giuliani.
Errogant, check. Dismissive opinions other than his own, check. Affirm believer in the use of unilateral power, check, check, and check.
Read this expert from Rachel Morse's Washington Monthly article about to start the Giuliani regime in New York.
Bush has spent his entire presidency surrounded by people selected solely on the basis of the fact that they agree with him.
Giuliani's sick events already come with the nickname, the Yes Rulies, who exists to tell him that everything he's doing is right.
And with Giuliani, who will tell him that torture is wrong, that Iran is not the global nuclear threat he's crazed advisory to tell him it is, and putting a missile defense shield in Europe right next to an increasingly antsy Russia isn't the best method of diplomacy.
But the reason you hear heads exploding all over the country should Giuliani start winning primaries is on the domestic front.
This will revolve around the question, do politicians really change their spots?
The gun lobby, after eight years of working right out of Bush's office, will have to get their heads around the idea that all the gun grabbing liberals that they've been warning us about for the last 20 years, pale in comparison to the intrusive, big government peeping Tom, that government would become under Giuliani.
As for the fundamentalist Christian right, they're already making noises about breaking off and supporting a third party candidate, if Giuliani's the nominee, the thrice-married man who appeared in drag and moved him with a gay couple, separated from his wife, will make Fred Phelps and the Uber Wack jobs at Westbrook back to the church in Kansas declared that the end is here,
and their god hates fag signs, will line Pennsylvania Avenue for a Giuliani inauguration.
And think about these supposed pro-choice Giuliani, now making sounds about how he'd nominate more Scalia's and Lido's to the Supreme Court, makes the operation rescue crowd wonder if they should be flipping the coin whether or not to trust him.
Abortionism is an issue you can explain away by saying 9-11 over and over again. Giuliani might be the best entertainment we've seen in years. Me, I can hardly wait, pass the popcorn, says Brian Morton.
So did you see the highlight of what I'm going to call it when he was dressed up in a disco suit and everything, and dance kind of what I'm going to choose? Yeah, Rudy. Yeah, she was something.
22 is all we got left out of the 50. We got more than half of them sold in about six, seven minutes.
24 back up now, so we had a couple of bogus ones. I hate when that happens. Don't you, doesn't it get you frost your ass a little bit? Yes, it does.
Now, there are either game players or deadbeats or both or maybe just game playing deadbeats, but in the meantime, we got 24 left for Mekabi Steakhouse.
And if we had the audience, we had once upon a time, 22 again. We've gone, those that we've gone in one or two minutes, I'm telling you right now.
We're back in the day, back in the BJ days before Joyce, before Joe and before Joyce and before well.
Clarence, of course, he's just a knucklehead. Before jolly Joe, down to 22 again. If we can get into the teens and ensingled digits, then we'll get them all sold out.
I don't want to be as do gots again here today. We had that happen once. We've got that one sitting there with the five still on sold.
Yeah, we don't talk about that. That's like the black sheep. What do you mean by that? Well, you know, that's our one fresh harvest.
Let's take a look at this. Still those five left. Those are $50 jobs for 25 bucks. But let's concentrate today on something that we might sell.
See, that was a Steve Sloan again. You know, there was never any food that came in on it. And you guys weren't allowed to rave about how great it was, et cetera, and Google and make all those guttable sounds. Well, he made a fourth of it.
Yeah, this was a Steve Sloan deal. So he's cool with me. Oh, I see because he feeds all my good free food and Steve Sloan's an OK sales guy for you.
Well, he did a good job on this one. See audience that's like laying out all we got 22 left. We'll see what happens.
I'm not going to get all emotional again like that. But what the hell's going on? You know, calm down. What's that bludger?
What's the steer right stressing blood sugar bad combination and blood pressure? All of these.
Sounds like a big lawsuit to me. Intentional inflection of the stress fed as jolly Joe sounds like a big fat juicy lawsuit to me.
Speaking of jolly Joe, big and fat. That comes to mind. But we got a lot of fat in that building. Wow.
Am I right or what? You got and I'm not even there. But just look at what you got in here. You got the beast and Zach.
You got a hundred fat Hank. That was funny. You got Chris sitting there on this fat ass. So why leave it out?
We got another fact. I say jolly Joe. Yeah. How about the big O's? He beefed up a little bit or what? I haven't seen him in years.
No, not really. He's a normal looking guy. Yeah. Yeah. Not too, not too porky. Look and just porky with the attitude.
Rock solid. Got an ego that just like like a bubble bursting just unbelievable. Okay. Let's get back to this McHatney steakhouse deal 21.
Now see I sold another one there. If I put that much effort into these last 21, I'll be on the floor dead by two.
But I'm trying. We're trying to do you a good favor. This is a great place. Delicious food. And I know something I've decided during listening to you guys rave about the states.
And he's last two days. When I've been doing the addkins virtually perfect. I mean I guess my broccoli soup yesterday wasn't pure addkins.
I mean there's some carbs in there but who cares. It's good stuff. You probably don't even like broccoli soup there.
I love broccoli soup. You do George hates broccoli period. So I'm getting a sense. Oh geez. That's crap. But then that's George like broccoli and cheese soup.
Is that yeah? Yeah. Love a little bit of cheese. And what wasn't there real thick broccoli cheese soup like I know what I'm talking about?
Which is my favorite. You love that. I actually favorite my soup is mushroom barley soup which I sure has got what's your favorite soup. Yeah.
I mean I do like the French onion but there are too many places that don't make it good. You want to read a good French onion soup in a clubhouse at Pompa no Park is great.
No way. Another best place French. I had root. It was great. It burned steak house. It's unbelievable.
What's that just? Lobby and Rose. Lobby and Rose. It's a French place.
I wish I had my violin my strata various. I'm going to have. I didn't have a violin as a kid. They tried to get me to play the violin but it was a little bit too.
Yeah. For me even. Did you get beautiful out when you were a kid? No. Did I get what? Be up a little bit. Oh. In grade in grade school. Yeah.
861 not a lot a little bit occasionally. What I was like in third and fourth grade. Yeah. Cause I was a. Could you pee your pants when I was a sister and I did pee my pants. That's a true story.
Cause I was too embarrassed. That's not uncommon by the way. I've heard that a lot of kids were there too embarrassed to say to the teacher in front of the class. Oh bitch I got to go pee or something like that. I know what to do.
So I just do there in a corner and I peed my pants. And then more of the kids said, Oh miss. I shmendrick whatever the teacher's name was. What's that puddle on the floor there where Nelson standing? I was.
Couldn't have kept his mouth shut. You know, I mean there was a little puddle. I mean when you're that a young how much can you pee? You know too much.
Take it from me. You can pee too much. 862 on a pole on our arched with thousand. And how are we doing on that? The thing still 21 19. Oh 19. Well why don't you tell me that? Well then you finish your.
I'm gonna put it on the other of a pinging story. My peeing story. Yeah. The most important thing is McCobby steakhouse and sell those other 19.
I'm gonna put it on the other side of the table. I'm gonna put it on the other side of the table.
I like to show George what I think with a nasty blast of McCobby steak on behalf of the human race. I like the fart.
The worst is race. On behalf of the human race. I like the fart.
Oh there's French Alps and the crazies on CNN. God hates bags. America is doomed. That's doomed by the way. You hear the word doomed.
Go ahead. You got to down to 14 on the McCobby steakhouse certificates. What do you think? I think it's a good place. It's gonna sell out. 13.
Thank God for IEDs. Look at that. Look at those signs. God thank God for dead soldiers. Isn't that lovely?
This little band of lunatics and the course they give them all the publicity that they're looking for is like maybe 50 of them.
Look at them. Pathetic. Fred Phelps. He's the anti-Christ. 13. We're now to 13 now to 50. 12.
Oh. It's exciting isn't it? Yes. No it's not. What do you think it's exciting? I guess compared to what? Wait a year this by the way you're not gonna be too pleased about this.
Florida's public high schools have some of the worst student retention rates in the country with half qualifying his dropout factories four times the national average according to an aim in the aim in the organization of US education department data.
Four times the national average and you wonder why the calls are what they are you know when we open the phone on those rare occasions on the show.
Go. Job. You wonder why we get that. That's what's out there. The state's percentage of dropout factories 51.1% was the second highest in the nation.
Slightly less than South Carolina's according to the analysis conducted by Johns Hopkins University for the A&P.
The term dropout factory coined by the Hopkins researcher Bob Ball fans the scratch schools were no more than 60% of the students who started this freshman making to their senior year.
Ball fans says he's got a hypothesis about why Florida's numbers are so high. Large schools and a focus on test scores.
Schools with an average of two to three thousand students are firmly comments throughout the state. Ball fans said that's an easy place for kids to be anonymous.
That's a key driver of kids dropping out ball fans said. That's what we got a lot of on Q&A by the way ball fans football basketball baseball ball fans hockey ball.
Seven left that's all we got all hallelujah. Li there. Mine eyes have seen the coming of the glory of Yarsky baby. Holy moly.
In addition, these dates accountability is focused on test scores. He said that includes the F-CAT to win a diploma with the emphasis on test scores instead of graduation rates. Schools on heavy heavily penisized for lower retention rates ball fans said.
Nearly half of Florida's 67 counties have at least one dropout factory and there are more than 150 state one dropout factory.
I love it. That list includes St. Petersburg High School in Pinellas County. Covener Charlie Christalm a moderate.
Hey Charlie. You're fair. Christal office did not return a phone call so you can come and what else are you going to say? Oh, hi. Hi. I'm your governor. Hi. You faggot.
Mark, see, I wouldn't knock him. I mean, it's nothing wrong. I mean, I'm a faggot, but nothing wrong with that. But don't be a hypocrite. Don't be a closet queen. Don't be like that dick Curtis guy in Washington.
State of Washington. Dick Curtis. Mark Pudlow, a spokesman for the Florida Education Association. When you change your name, if your name was Pudlow,
I might agree that the focus on test scores and Florida's had a huge effect on students. And he said he wasn't especially surprised by the data.
When I were back up to nine, see, we were down to seven and now we had a couple of bogus. Sorry, we'll get those nine sold and you better buy them now, man, because once they're gone, they're gone. That's it. And this is a good deal. It was good food.
We can't be steakhouse in South Miami on sunset. What's your restaurant?
It's again. It is 51, 61 sunset drive. Well, I took that. I don't still live in Kindle, at least to go there anyway.
I want to go. I want to go about Kindle, man, back in the day when I lived there about a hundred years ago, we had the original Godfathers in South Florida was there on sunset.
There was that taco Viva or is it tacos or lay? I think for the one with the squeezed cheese, you know, the really good one. I'm always a Jones in about. That was on sunset.
One of the first melting pots was there on sunset. Nationwide researchers found that there are 1700 regular or vocational high schools that can be labeled dropout factories.
That's 12% of all set schools about the same level as a decade ago. Utah was the only state without a dropout factory according to the analysis, which was released Monday.
In contrast, in Florida's rate only beat South Carolina's 51.9% rating. We're second worst in the universe.
Researchers use data from senior classes for three years in a row to make sure local events like plant closures aren't to blame for the low retention rates.
In addition, schools with fewer than a hundred students weren't looked at. Nor was special education schools or schools where there wasn't three years worth of data.
In Florida, the data encompassed approximately 75% of the population of regular and vocational schools.
Florida Department of Education spokesman Tom Butler said in the email that the department uses various strategies to keep kids in school really working well, Tommy.
Those include reading and math courses for students who score low on the F-Cat and mentoring and leadership programs.
It's palico's on. It goes on, it's depressing and it doesn't tell anything new. We know that you can't complain about education in Florida because basically there ain't much. There isn't any.
Now to 8 again. We were 7, then we're up to 9, and now we're down to 8. And 8 may just like what these guys did.
I'd like to sell these all off by 1230 that would be a feather in my ass. When you get to be as old as I am, you're tickled by a feather in your parts anywhere.
And I could use being tickled a little bit. I'll be honest with you right now. I could use it. Little tickling 8 van.
What do you think we're going to sell those 8 pretty prontor or what? You didn't think as they would.
Back in the day, once upon a time. Although we're not waiting three, four weeks to sell them out like the allegedly hot-shock sports show across the street with the Stugots who don't belong on here even to say hello or goodbye.
How come we didn't hear more about Stugots from what's his name from Zach?
We also went down, didn't have the balls to come in there for the food. He talks a good game, but he's a wimp. He's a wimp.
Maybe because he lives with his girlfriend. Can you imagine how whipped he must be?
Maybe he got a banished to Dolphins camp. He had probably clearance just out of spite. Just for him doing the show yesterday. Just to punish him.
Oh, well, we know you like all that good food, Zach, and you're invited in there. So you're off to Dolphins camp.
Go out there and get the big news for that game a week from this weekend. We're back up to 9 again.
See, now we're in that kind of like Bobblehead routine. We're kind of like waivers back and forth when you get down to the single digits.
Only 9 left. These are $100 certificates for just $50 to McHobby's take-house. And I'm going to sell them out if it's the last-dan thing I do.
If I have to stay on till midnight, we're going to sell them out. I like that. The rest of the stuff might not like it or maybe they would like it.
Maybe they enjoyed the off-hand. I love how they worked out. Oh, mad dog works too many damn days. What does he work about 20 days a year? Maybe...
But third, man!
US resisting ban on cluster bombs. The US is leading efforts to resist a ban, a complete ban on cluster bombs, human rights activist are complaining.
But a conference called by European governments in Brussels this week is regarded as a step toward an international agreement on limiting cluster weapons in which hundreds of small bomblets are packed together.
Although an accord appears to be likely reached during 2008 activists are concerned over diplomatic maneuvers by walking through an insure that it will not be too stringent.
Representatives of the US, the world's number one user of cluster munitions, have been holding bilateral discussions with some European governments recently in a bid to water down any potential accord.
The Bush administration has observed status at the Brussels conference, though it is a European-led initiative of course.
In February this year, a number of governments and humanitarian organizations joined forces in Oslo towards a legally binding international accord on banning these weapons should be finalized in 2008.
Almost 90 countries have joined the Oslo process at Stand Breed Man from Handicap International, one of the gross most robust ciphers in opposing cluster bombs.
We believe it is a very strong process that its unstoppable lethal IPS have the US efforts been successful so far not really but will keep a very close eye on what they're doing.
Cluster bombs were first used by the Soviet Union and Nazi Germany during the Second World War in the intervening six decades have been found at least 25 countries.
Over these years some 55 people are officially known to have been killed and 7300 main by these bombs that the real death tolls believed to be considerably higher.
Virtually all the confirmed victims were civilians because cluster bombs can lie undetected long after they've been discharged they're known to continue killing even when the war is over for years and years and years.
But we like killing man, let's go out and kill some people, let's say George Bush, that's the neocons baby, let's kill some people and grab their oil.
Okay, how are we doing on this thing? Any progress at all? Eight. We're back down to eight, they're going by the ones now.
See they're going to drag it out again and you always tell me well there's only 50 it's a lot easier to do with them when there's 100.
Well it is, it's only 25 after.
When we got eight left we have 916 votes.
Who cares about that pool? Who's going to eat the pool huh?
We don't want to say you're ready to do. Print out the pool and eat that.
What? We have six.
Oh we have only six. Like I said we're making big progress.
If we don't sell those up by one o'clock I'm leaving.
We're going to run on to the best time.
We're going to see your projects on your five.
If I drop a clue.
Even love's neorodgers on the next big brother. Candidates edition.
Hillary Clinton.
You're all right Nero mama.
Yes, just preparing my female boys for the fundraiser tonight.
Try to tell me a little better this time.
Your yellow outfit seemed hotter better than the blue.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is that the kind of advice I'm going to get for the next four years?
Yeah.
I ain't going to be around much. I got special projects I'm going to pursue.
Projects my model days.
Yeah, that's why.
What's wrong?
You know it's just some things that girls don't want to shit.
Sounds like feeding time at the zoo.
Much to stand outside the door.
You make me nervous and the sorts follow out with equals.
Yeah, I'll take my advice and go wear no more tops of the plunge.
Plunge this.
Oh, Bob.
Pro 31 at 560. That's what are we? What a guy.
We're down to five now. We are down to five. We're alive.
No, we got a shot. What do you think?
Very good. Look at him.
I'm pretty sure I'm pretty positive that we're going to sell these all out.
These are $100 certificates for those 50 bucks.
Which means if you buy these, you're going to get you a really nice meal.
Some that delicious. Some of those great lamb chops.
With that mint infusion or some of that delicious states you were raping about.
The 22 ounce prime rib and the juicy New York strip.
We had the ribeye and wow.
Wow. Wow.
You got five left on WDQM.com.
And the link works today. Both links work today.
I believe. I'm sure Josh did that on purpose because he's there today.
Yeah. Because if that link wouldn't have worked out a bit to mod on the air.
Oh, geez. Let me just try it again.
Make sure. Yeah. Do that.
Let me click on it. Oh, yeah.
Works real fast. I know.
I know. Like Reese Lightning.
Yeah, he purposely when enabled it.
You know, he didn't.
I'm sure that because there's some weeks when man, you click that thing.
You mean nothing happens. You keep clicking and clicking and clicking and sticking and clicking and and wicking.
It happens. Still got five on air.
Man, when there's only five left, you think that everybody in a panic mode would like jump on air and grab him right away.
Jump on Z, but they don't do it.
Not this lazy S crowd. That's okay. They'll go.
They'll go by one o'clock or my name is ishkibible.
Who?
I'm getting back to those LA fires, which has nothing not as important as Brittany like that one bit.
That was a good bit.
A prosecutor will be asked to consider the case of a boy accused of starting a massive wildfire by playing with matches.
And I'm sure that on Fox, they're going to identify him as a alkyddo suicide bomber.
Fueled by ferocious desert winds the fire quickly spread burning more than 38,000 acres in this dry 21 homes.
I think they just ought to burn him at the state, don't you?
Don't you think it'd be kind of fun to bring back some of those ancient execution methods and stuff like that?
I mean, this government's in a torture anyway. So why the hell not?
The rack.
Put it on TV.
Paper.
Here we got four left now. Forget about all those so called reality shows.
This would be real pain, baby. Real reality.
Let's take this kid and burn him at the stake.
The boy whose name and age were not released and admitted to sparking the fire October 21.
He admitted to playing with matches and accidentally starting the fire.
All you kids out there, quit playing with matches. Don't play with something else.
The boy was released to his parents in the case of me presented the DA's office exit.
This is a LA County Sheriff's Sergeant Diane Hick.
We'll get back to you, Diana. It wasn't clear if he'd been arrested or cited by detectives.
The fire began in the area near Agua Dulce, and quickly spread.
It was among 50 or so major wildfires that killed 14 people, destroyed some 21 homes,
and blackened 800-iron square miles from LA to the Mexican border last week.
Authorities arrested five people in arson during that period,
but not a bit linked to any of the major blazes.
All but four of the blazes are now fully contained.
Firefighters yesterday continued to cut lines rather than remaining fires and keep it close on the weather.
Four casters said moderate sand and a winds could pick up later in a week.
Investigators have blamed an arsonist for sending a destructive wildfire in Orange County
that blackened 28,000 plus acres destroyed 16-hundred homes there at 16.
Authorities were seeking the driver a white Ford F-150 pickup spot in the canyon area around the time the fire broke out.
They said they wanted to talk to the driver but stopped sure to call him a suspect.
Or even a person of interest. That's the new deal. Now if you're a person of interest, baby,
we're going to come and shoot your ass. We'll get the Xenia to do it.
We're down to four left.
Those things should be gone by the time we finish the next break or I'm going to just get wild.
I'm going to go nuts.
Adam, these people are from the Ruan Man.
Sometimes they're good, sometimes they're bad.
This Sunday, move on members will gather in Ford Lauderdale for a critical test of the new Get Out The Vote system they'll use in 2008.
It will only work if enough move on members take part.
Can you come to a calling party this Sunday in Ford Lauderdale to help get our 2000 campaign off to a Ruan Start?
No, I cannot. Why not?
Delete, delete, delete.
No, I can't but I just put it out there. All you move on people.
Have them out. We're going down to three now. We're down to three.
First, there were 15 out of the row, only three.
Eight your hard outs, stew vats, you faker, you loser, you phony, you child.
Show them right on the radio. That's the new deal.
I mean, they talk about all of us old parts, which some of us are mighty damn old, older than the sawdust.
But nevertheless, what would you rather be an old fart that's got some experience in those what they'll radio is all about?
Or would you rather be some kind of a child who's got a rich daddy like Joel and those stew gods?
Two spoiled brats, stew gods, my ass.
In fact, let me go over to his thing now, okay? Since we're supposed to only be worrying about them.
I don't worry about anybody. All I'm worried about that footy man, he might get a point something.
Hey, footy, what is the point? Well, everybody's got to make a living.
I don't begrudge him making a living, although he's an old funny daddy. Talk about old.
Okay, here's the current offers from stew gods.
They're 50, 50 club on Waxi 790, the ticket, which sucks from four weeks ago, now three weeks ago, six tables.
They have 30 left. Two weeks ago, Joseph's on the water, 36 left, which we saw those out in, you know, during the show, whatever we had them on.
And I think they're back next week. Yeah, next week.
Galupies, 51 remaining out of 100. That was two weeks ago. That was last Thursday.
We could go today. 51 left, stew gods. And they got 100 today for Daisy Duke Saloon.
You know, we got a lot of good restaurants coming up. I just hope we don't ever have cheesecake factory. I'll be sick that day.
Or what I told you about that place. Have either one of you eaten there?
I love it. I haven't eaten in a couple years.
You know something you have got problem. We have 953 votes, by the way. Wow.
Why what happened?
Have a little, you know, my good friend, the professor, my, my space buddy.
Right. Well, I come down every couple of months and I go to lunch with him.
Okay. And this lunch, I wanted to meet my good friend, John and Dave.
And so the four of us went to lunch at the cheesecake factory in the Asagras.
Now do you have to ask me how it was?
Meaning, well, when you say it was bad, like you got wild ria or like you just didn't like.
No, no, I didn't get wild ria or any other wild. It's just suck, the food suck.
Really? And I'm talking about all four people. It would be one thing if one person's food suck.
Oh, look at that. I'm clicking on the thing it won't open now.
Let me go to the other link on the bottom right, which you can barely see way under Danny Boy's picture.
I'm so sick and tired of Danny Boy. I only have two left.
I'm sad. I like Danny Boy. He's a good guy. He was a great quarterback.
I think I'm trying to remember back in those days.
You know, it's offered years ago to go to Danny Boy.
Jimmy and Danny. Danny was.
Well, he was great. He was exciting.
Although the thing he used to aggravate me, you can always tell his frustration because you know,
he would kind of like after the play was over, he'd have that exasperate look on his face.
Like, what about your lung kids? What about your morons?
But at any rate, it's just too much Danny, man.
On that website, we got two left, though.
I have a feeling we're going to sell these all out today.
And then what's Stugat's going to do with it with his buddy Dan Labaster, huh?
I'm having a problem.
Now, have you guys ever heard Dan Labaster run here?
I have not.
I've heard him a long time ago.
What's the big attraction? Maybe you can tell me.
I couldn't tell you because I've never listened to it.
But I do know that he has like his family members call his show.
I've heard like he does a segment with his dad.
And his brother.
So that right there is enough for me to just not even remember.
So now the ones here call just like they've almost fake my space of friends.
Yeah.
They can't call me the fake Eddie Kay to fake this.
I don't know.
Then what we'll find out November 21 is the fake audience with the diaries, with the wired fake diaries.
We got two left for Macabi.
Two. I should buy myself and get it over with because it just frustrates me.
It's annoying and assamite.
You don't think so?
You like cheesecake factory.
What is it that you had?
And don't tell me the desserts are good because I don't know.
Oh my god.
I had the chocolate tower which I shouldn't have eaten.
And it's just a hard piece of like a rock.
I mean, I'm a chocolate mung.
I didn't eat.
I was there not too long ago.
I had some kind of chicken for God's sake.
The best way I would describe the food there was industrial strength.
Is that right?
Industrial strength.
There was a caca.
I had the Hungarian goulash which I didn't eat the noodle.
I want to say my carbs for the fanting dessert.
And the food, the meat was like, oh, what is goulash?
It's like paprika spiced chunks of beef.
Oh, we're back up to number one.
Number one.
Number one.
So it's kind of like shepherd's pie without all the crap?
Shepherds pie.
Do you think that juicy shepherd's pie?
That's like chicken pie pie.
That's from Goyum, baby.
Jews don't eat shepherd's pie.
What?
I don't know.
It just sounds very Goyum.
It's shepherd's pie.
Robe, mushrooms, carrots, peas, zucchini.
Yeah, but it's in a crust.
It's in a crust like a pot pie.
Jews don't eat pot pies.
And if they are, they're not real Jews.
Let me tell you right now.
They're airzots.
If there's that...
Crayf.
That was great when Zach was telling us about his Orthodox role.
That was fantastic.
How he went in there, a house, and he had a cheeseburger.
First, I thought it was a bacon cheeseburger.
It would have shot him for that.
But it was just a regular cheeseburger, and they found upon that.
Oh, it's trade.
It's milky conflation.
Oh, you've ate.
And then I guess you might have drinker glass of milk with it.
It's really pissed off.
We have one left from a coffee steak house.
It's up to you folks, either you grab her right now
because once they're gone, they're gone.
As Tommy says, or I'm going to bite myself.
What the biggest name?
The best talent.
You're his new reject.
You're taking the 560 QAM.
The fourth leader.
Cress are beautiful.
560.
You gotta be F and Kid Me Radio.
Presents another channel changing management pleaser.
OJ and Danny.
Yo, this is B.O.J. McDubbing.
And I'm Danny Canal.
What a game yesterday.
Oh, yeah.
What a game.
Go dolphins.
Been a big fan all my life.
You know, they are.
They are lost again.
But we'd have been done gotten something right with the cleats.
Yeah, depending on field condition, you need the right cleats.
The cleats, they're not political enough, they did all of our game over,
and that's the only two of them what it is.
I thought they handled the ball really better with the right cleats.
So have a seat right now with the ball really well?
Yeah, really well.
Yeah, they ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran it, ran the ball really well.
Yeah, they ran it really well.
When the day bomb was oh oh, something.
But I do believe they really played well.
Yeah, they played really well.
Well you know when they got the winning speech instead of the three colder inch
pleats it really better but they couldn't go with the colder inch
pleats you know you gotta have the right pleats yeah you got something to say
I hear a sub by five six seven eight nine ten oh yo what is this you're getting
your checks from the dolphins or something which was all this gay worship
hey no I mean there's more important things going on than the garbage you're
putting on the air you know like it too now I say too now
right I will you don't put a listen right Danny that will manage been saying
right now like I was saying about the cleats yeah um the cleats um
that guy was wrong cleats are very important
you got the big cleats small cleats fat cleats thing cleats
short cleats tall cleats cleats for the feet
cleats yeah that's what I got me some
all kinds of cleats got the cleats
photo feet cleats cleats cleats cleats as can say cleats cleats for the
feet so it's right we got bad news though we're back up to three now we had a
couple of ringers in there I guess or did deadbeats maybe chicken I tried to buy
one or two I don't know so we're back up to three
why is this so difficult can you explain that to me we only had 50
and we have three left is it like to mess with you no seriously what why can't
you explain it to me I don't know I'm not gonna ask Josh because he'd like to
cheesecake factory so oh now we're back down to two again we got two
solementate dose I should just go ahead and buy him send him to Chris
and Josh send him to Chris Josh on the other hand of course didn't put the
stories under what about noon today or something like that addy here now the
other Chris sets you gave me today there was something else I already
forgot it what was the other thing Chris what do you mean do anything yeah there
was some other deal I forgot what it was some nasty hostile
I don't know what it was cool me an old old bag or something like that no I
I was two what I was bugging you about you saying that the link doesn't work
that wasn't it it was something much much more
egregious than that at any rate I'm not buying them if I start buying them up what
what's the point of that I can't use them there's a tool out there for the
audience if they want them fine if not a Jose and Dread you know I mean too bad
you could buy them and give them to Josh instead of a check hey that's a great idea no
actually it's not I think it's a magnificent idea you could take your lovely
Russian girlfriend there and give a little plastered and have a wonderful
stake and that chocolate stuff and just go nuts well I'm gonna do that but uh
you know Dick Taney doesn't have to shoot anyone all he has to do is ask his dog to take
them out with a lightsaber now accordingly wait me see news the vice president
dressed or had somebody dressed one of his dogs in a Darth Vader costume and a nod
to the comedian to comedian's frequent comparisons between himself and the
fallen Jedi with stertorious breath what that was stertorious breath the vice
president once let I guess that's the the five the flame of what it's
flaming the vice president once let president Bush's search
committee to pick a vice president ultimately decided upon himself and
Senator the political lexicon for frequent comparisons Wikipedia has an entire
paragraph it says on June 22nd 2006 vice president Dick Taney called himself the
Darth Vader of the Bush administration the entry states discussing the need
to vigorously pursue intelligence he's handed CNN's John King it means we need to be
able to go actor and capture or kill those people who are trying to kill
Americans that's not a pleasant business it's a very serious business and I suppose
sometimes people look at my demeanor and say well he's the Darth Vader of the
administration notes Wikipedia dryly Vader's name is become a synonym for
evil the entry continues John Stewart put on a Darth Vader helmet to talk to
their Chinese a kindred spirit on the daily show January 25th 2007
Chinese Franklin presented Stewart with a Darth Vader action figure on her
appearance on the show October 10th 2007 both Stewart and Stephen Colbert
have referred to Cheney as Darth Cheney on occasion and he satiric cartoon show
Little Bush Dick Taney's father's portrait is being Darth
Vader president George W. Bush joked yesterday that President
Cheney sometimes caricatured as Darth Vader didn't need to cost him to play the
sinister Star Wars villain for Halloween Bush's John came to some of the candidates
find a succeed him as president put their own spin on Halloween and a
set for relations hearing was spooked by a double chairman Senator Joe Biden
on the sound principle to solve this problem oh he's speaking at the Heritage
Foundation it's like a Nazi youth rally the president enjoyed his job of
changing a jive of Cheney who's derided by critics a malevolent behind the
scenes influence in US politics this morning I was with the
vice president I was asking him about what costumny was planning and he said
I'm already wearing it then he mumbles something about the dark side of the
force Bush quiped Cheney himself has repeatedly joked publicly about his
portrayal as the black armor dark lower the sith most recently in
October 21st speech of the walked institute for Nareesh policy
sith they've got the right letters but in the wrong order describing Dick Cheney
sh well you know I've been asking you thing to claim Bobby's mean the answer is
no he said after all Darth Vader is one of the nicer things I've been called
recently I'll say amen to that you have to apologize to Darth Vader what do you say
yeah over down to one again why can't we sell that last one so at least it gives the
appearance you know of being sold out wouldn't that make you feel a lot better take
a burden off your fat ass oh of course maybe Josh ought to buy it
when you're making the big bucks you told us you bought a house I didn't buy a
house I bought a five bedroom house yes I did I did I dare I'm a big brother of
boyfriend's what no the Mercedes I'm living a life Lamborghini
mm-hmm that's what he abandoned us for just so we could go out and buy a house with his brother
which they sleep in the same not just in the same room but in the same bed is what I'm here
oh boy give me crap about that show the supernatural I don't know even if it's on anymore but
boy that was that was my kind of show let me tell you that oh you're right about that
crap where they were sleeping because no matter where it was it it wasn't with me so what
they'll get it do me although I would have been like a fly on the wall or maybe like sneaking
under the bed if the two of them kind of like sneak out in the middle night and one of them
like slipping to the other bed with his brother but brothers don't do things like that at least
mine never did mine is too old it was like nine years older than me brothers don't to did all do they
I'm sorry we still got that one life from a copy steak house it's a hundred dollars
certificate it's yours for 50 bucks I feel like an auctioneer man I feel like an auctioneer what
do I hear huh I hear the sounds of silence I hear that definitely we just keep getting to that one
and that's as low as we can go well I'm trying I'm doing the best I can maybe that Cuban interference
maybe Fidel cancelled it last one what do you think yeah probably not a force as in cities
is Dracula is quietly sucking a nickel of every dollar's worth of electricity that seats from
your home's outlets how do you like that perfect for Halloween last night insert the little fangs
of your cell phone charger in the outlet leave it there phone attached that's vampire electronics
allow your computer to hide in the cloak of darkness known as stand by mode rather than shutting
it off that's vampire electronics the latest estimate show five percent of all electricity used in
the west goes to standby power a phenomenon energy efficiency experts find all the more terrifying
as energy prices rise and the planet warms that amounts to almost four billion dollars a year the
percentage could rise to twenty percent by two thousand ten according to the west department of energy
in California lawmakers passed a proposal last year dubbed the vampire slayers act to add vampire
electronics labels to consumer products detailing how much energy a charger computer DVD player
play station microwave or coffee maker uses went on off or in the standby mode or in the pie a la mode
how we don't we still got that one left
it's true now we're back up to two again you people they're not going to do it are they
yeah they will no they're not going to do it by one o'clock i said if they don't
for do it by one you're doing the one to two hour they'll stop just before one the international
energy agency is estimated standby energy used by vampire electronics at two hundred to four hundred
terawatt hours a year the entire country of Italy consumes about three hundred terawatt hours
electricity each year to give you an example for instance picture any appliance that displays
a clock while otherwise idle such as a microwave oven coffee mirror d a maker a DVD player they
constantly consume little bits of energy about forty percent electricity being used to power your
home electronics is consumed while they're just in the standby mode wall and said if you just focus
on that piece you'll be making a big step focus on that piece did it for things that charge such
as cell phones pda's toothbrushes or portable tools some of which trickle or charge you
after the device that's charging is that capacity some charges halt the flow occur when it's not
needed which should happen automatically with charges for lithium ion batteries if you're uncertain
and walled devices unplugging charges when i didn't use well i better go to the other room right
now do that i got my life very charge or plugged in the wall it's a seeping it's seeping energy
baby we're back down to one again i feel like Lawrence walk i wanted to or three we just can't
get rid of that last one which goes to show you there's either a lot of people out there who are
broker have very bad taste the best out of two of these new projects for five sixty qa m
eight fours leader the people that use snappy openers for the show segments like that one to two
hour very treasures aren't always found at sea hi i'm Judy Tannuda for the treasure finders
our exploration team recently unearthed an abandoned delivery truck buried since the mid-1960s
it was filled with cases of metrical diet shakes containing cyclamates this product was banned
back in the 60s when cyclamates were determined to cause bladder cancer it disappeared from the
store shelves and was never seen again but now you have a chance to own a piece of this rare treasure
call 1-800-R-R-R-R-R-R-R now and choose from chocolate strawberry and vanilla today cyclamates are
being safe and these metrical shakes are precious that day they were kept why i'm drinking one right now
101 at five sixty that we came there all gone we didn't less than an hour about 57 minutes and
they're all gone what was the big deal why were you getting so hyperventilating i'm sorry
you're so out of your game so emotional over nonsense i mean i knew they'd sell out it's a great
place and a food is delicious and what's not to like in the prices right
sample the little little bit of shove it on that last one there but i guess they got panicky on
somebody got panicky now is it official because it says yes it's official it's not it's no one
it no longer says under current offers so whoever is in charge of this thing
wow take that and put that in your pipe and smoke it stew guys
you haven't know 970 in the pool so we'll get our thousand pretty soon too what a wonderful
third day and that's because Josh Cortis is back with us today hammer we had a lot more votes
on the pool yesterday well it's because you started it early you know we still while we started
we're we had a head start head start program i'm going to change off of this one as soon as we get
to a thousand go to Brandon's pool for tomorrow about religion religion is evil all you kids out
there okay if your parents try to brainwash you but that religious crap no matter which one of
the days just spit in their face and say castle hoist okay quit with the bubble my season let's
see dinner let's have a nice juicy steak well i started to say this before because now that i'm in
the zackens thing you gotta get my blood sugar i think i haven't even taken that today
Josh isn't aware of this we've been doing this last two days with zack no i was listening
you were listening yes and you found it just bizarre that i'm taking my blood sugar while i'm
on here well like you said it's not the best radio but i'm coming well what do you mean it's not
the best radio well what what what is that mean what is that in your studio give me the ball give me
the balls at the best radio give ball that's it give me the ball they run fast they jump high
cleats put some cleats on your feet oh i like that thing that was good for me i know somebody
who ain't gonna but you know what too bad i'm you know too many humorless x-jocks
spoil the broth i'm trying to take my blood sugar and for for whatever reason this strip is not
it's not doing anything in fact the throw this out there's 88 cents right there down the
toilet can you use 88 cents oh that's tough well no i mean 88 cents all by itself is me
but if you've got a whole bunch of 88 cents then you got a few bucks you know all right let me
see if this one is going to work maybe this thing went on strike because the zack isn't there
it's not the maybe you overworked it no there it goes starting to do that little uh circle thing
13.4 now that's not great by any stretch of imagination you want to do the math 13.4 times 18
is what uh 252 less 12 240 okay am i right
well it's better than 360 or whatever the hell it was two days ago 240 it's still like 100 points too high
what i was starting to say is i'm gonna we get really i'm gonna become the world's biggest meat
eater baby i'm just uh yesterday i had me a um what do they call it Canadian cheddar burger
and it's a big juicy man i think was great yeah i thought you already a uh a meat eater
i'm about your part i am but not enough don't you follow what i'm saying in other words i'm
gonna stop eating all this other these carbs and i'm gonna replace it with just big juicy burgers
and big delicious juicy steaks like they revive you guys reading that's the way to do it man
then that's what i love i love that stuff anyway and like i said the other day you don't start
eating a steak and then all of a sudden your appetite increases your appetite uh it's satisfied
and uh you don't want no mole i don't know anybody i've never even heard of somebody who sits down
at a steak restaurant in order like two steaks like lady on a pool by the end you do you know
anybody does that no i don't but i said i could uh sometimes i could too like a root's crisp
oh or probably a macaami yeah i bet you chrysan more than a one steak during the size
to hour during the feast nope i bet you did you can make up any story that you want
oh Josh isn't gonna tell on you because the other i split the uh ribeye no the um
filet yeah the filet yeah it's put the filet and then the tea bone was uh i was the ribeye was all
you know already cut up in sections so each of us had a section
nothing like that delicious juicy meat all your vegetarians out there
tea oak here's a raspberry for you that's a vegetarian it's a fruit and then we had those
lollipop lamb chops and you know had that too huh yes and a death by chocolate
members of lung kooklaug's plant organizations say they've been to a symbol of the
courthouse de reber 10th in common alabama to show their opposition to another clan group that
plans an anti-immigration rally there that day well Ken Meyer who described himself as an investigator
for the alabama kooklaug's clan and the national office of the kooklaug's clan LLC
said in the email to the common times that his group is against the tactics of the national
knights of the kooklaug's clan which held an anti-immigration protest last month in Athens
this is kind like the Sunnis and the Shiites and the Kurds in the ways
we are opposed to the ignorance and stupidity is displayed by the individuals that thumb their
nose of the area churches by continuing to use racial slurs threats and avoided Christian
deportment he said yeah Christian deportment like outside those abortion doctors those clinics
the newspaper story Monday quoted my russing his group was part of a silent protest
of the indiana based national knights rally held an Athens in September not Athens Greece
Athens alabama i guess was an Athens in the end i don't know he said his organization also
was discussed in that the national knights would interfere with the trail of tears ride the trail
of tears baby at the Athens protest held several hours after thousands of motorcycles traveled
to the city on the annual trail of tears ride several clan members gave anti-immigration speeches
while several hundred people some from area churches protested the clan activity
the common city council has approved a permit for the national knights of protest outside the
courthouse in November 10 common mayor Donald greens had the second clan group would have to
get a permit to well excuse me sounds like some interesting clan uh bickering there to me
i asked congress to send me a clean better this fund and yeah we got something clean for you okay
my foot right down bend over i think i'll bend over dispartanous space oh speaking of the deep
south speaking of yeh who's in red necks some controversial exorcisms are being performed in
Nashville according to channel four's investigative team the i team channel four in national
madden south florida the i team is following up on of its most bizarre investigations channel four
in Nashville has learned that some controversial exorcisms are being performed across the nation
just happened in Nashville how do you like that that the power of grace compel you
uh a
a
tough
a
am
i
a
carp
the
the exorcism by the spiritual freedom church came to music city in September. I
can tell you ten years ago it seemed like Nashville would not have been opened
what I'm doing but they are now said exorcist Bob Larson. He's an exorcist. That's
what he does for living like father Marin. Remember father Marin and the
exorcist? Uh huh. Josh? No. You didn't see the exorcist? Of course I did. I don't
remember. He was the old man that was what's his name? I always misfinance his
name. It played father Marin. What is his name? Great actor. I'll Google it. In
fact, uh, Christine who will and I's gonna not do it. I want to know. Father
Marin. I remember father guy that played father a carousass. That's
Vaughn Cedar. Max van Cedar. Well, I would say Sada or say whatever a CD old guy.
Wasn't he also in the Star Wars? Max van Sada? I will check. Of course he was. I
team reported Jeremy Finley said the I team saw plenty of what previous reports
had shown from exorcisms across the country and Nashville Hotel women cried
men growled and controversial church founder Larson performed as the
actress men growl. They must have come up on a bus from Florida but Finley said
none of the action happened before Larson started selling. How many of you have
seen one of our DVDs, Larson asked the attendees? How many of you got one of my
books? We have a number of teaching and training DVDs to tell you about. Stick one
of our DVDs near BPDs. What did Max van Sada play in the Star Wars? I'll look at
them. In a previous report Finley told Larson it does make you wonder if this is
about making money. We don't change for that very reason Donna Varno said. Larson's
correct about no charge for the exorcism but there is a charge for DVDs and
books and the church of course also accepts donations. We want your money, honey. Are
you looking at that thing up or what? He was at Dune. He was in Dune. Yeah, but I'm not
saying that. And Loon and Soon and Harpoon and Crazy as a Loon and a nice tune. Now
vote at Larson. Follow, Varno who founded a spiritual freedom church in Lebanon.
Answer channel four's questions in February about the whole scene is just a
way to play on people's fears and get their money. Oh no, not that. Larson's
most recent tax work at Sir was ministry made more than a million bucks in 2005.
He makes six figures every year. Larson said people happily buy into a service
as they can't get other services. It's not like you can show up at the average
baptism, pedicostle church on Sunday morning say, hello, I'd like to have an
exorcism, he said. If Larson has his way people soon will see even more
exorcisms on TV. We're just getting ready to launch a prime time reality series
that'll be a secular TV program he said. Larson said he considers himself a
Christian but of no certain denomination, the church of the Holy Buck. But the
hotel exorcism may be the closest anyone in Middle Tennessee could get to Larson's
followers. A recorded message channel forgot this week from his
lemon on church said that it's not having services. The message finally
said makes you wonder if the church is taking a Zach on the road again. Now what's
the story Max von Sino? Yeah, I'm not saying I'm in a... Are you thinking of
like that the assistant to be like a choked or something like that? What are
you talking about? It's not like the dark matter like speaking. Chauvin. When we're
talking to me to like choke some because he said something like. Are you looking at
the... What do you ask me nonsense? How many years ago that was? How many
hundred years that's like asking me who that was in the song of the South? You know?
Yeah, he wasn't in the Star Wars. I'll tell you who was not in the song of the
South. Oh, I see. But I probably would like to be. 990 out of pull I have a
sinking feeling that by the time we come back after the break we'll have our
thousand votes and those certificates for Macabi are long gone. They're gone.
Don't forget on your time.
There's no politics. 4.560 QAM. The sports leader. He wants to be the same
God bless America and paste these in a G-string up here. I'll do it. All across
the country people are eating beef for dinner. In Laredo, Texas the Bingham family
is being poisoned by bad butt loss. In Milwaukee stand threeneries choking to death
on a water-fully menu. And in Kittering Name the Johnson's are watching over Jean
Havocora and Eric. The doc says the lifetime of eating burgers is blocked as
arteries tighter than a hangman's news. At the end of the day nothing kills so
many people in so many different ways. Beef. It's what's for dinner.
Possibly your last dinner. 117. Yeah, choke on this. Okay. That's just the way it is.
Those vegetarians make me sick for my stomach. In fact, most of the
vegetarian food. Peta makes me sick for my stomach.
Everyone who have vegetarian restaurants. No. Don't.
There are a bunch of concoctions that are many of them are like designed to like look and
give you the feel, the texture of meat and they have no taste. They don't taste like meat.
They don't, they don't, they don't, what is it though? Vegetable crap. Like who knows what it is.
What difference does it make? It grows in the ground and it's all carbs.
It's all natural. Right. It grows in the ground.
Like those dirtburgers? Yeah, right. I don't care what anybody says. I like my meat and it's
proven to putting that your cholesterol can go down. If you, if your body reacts to the
anacons the way mind does. The anacons die. I guess what? What? Thousands of us.
Are you interrupting me for that stupid pull? Of course. Thank you.
Listen, this is constructive for you, but you don't care because I'm listening to you.
You talk a good game, but you don't give a crap. At least I care. I'm not doing all that well.
Although I weighed 187 this morning, not that bad. Did I weigh 187 yesterday? Yes. Sorry.
You're not going to lose every day on a thousand and one votes on a poll.
But I'm just telling you right now that if you do the anacons and if you just read the book and do it
religiously, man, don't cheat because I will say this much. The one bad thing about the
anacons is when you cheat, if you've lost like ten pounds on it, you can get it back in about ten minutes.
That's the one bad thing about it is that you can get it back faster than any other thing I've ever heard of in my life.
And speaking of peeing in your pants, another good thing about the anacons died an axel like an actual diuretic.
You'll spend a lot of time peeing, man. You won't have as much time to be eating all that garbage because you'll be spending a lot of time at the
pea place. Bill Hair writes on this murking chimpe. He says many of us recall going to California,
Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger's tragic buffoonery at the 2004 Republican National Convention in New York City.
Swift up by the pageantry of the occasion, the California governor led the delegates in a cheer as he inserted them while also
warning his television audience, don't be an economic girly man for more years, for more years. An economic girly man.
Jackass.
How good it felt to the governor at the time. Times were good for him. He had been hand picked by the in-ron team to stop
a lawsuit from the state of California that Governor Gray, Davis and Lieutenant Governor Cruz Bustamande were prepared to initiate against that corrupt
corporation, for ripping off the golden state by generating an energy crisis and following it up without rage as
usurious costs. In other words, when in doubt rip off the public. A strategy was quickly developed by
and running concert with the most perversely selfish of the corporate self-interest brigade to recall Davis and
install Schwarzenegger with former California governor Pete Wilson and up as the former bodybuilders actor-minder.
Arnold remained on great terms with Bush until his pulled numbers sagged and his last run for governor he cited a scheduling conflict that prevented him from attending a
function at the Reagan Library in Simee Valley that Bush attended.
The Schwarzenegger's glowing personal assurances that he always well, that he delivered at the 2004 Republican convention,
his remarks boom-waring to Bittam Hardy of the day as some 350,000 homeless were being evacuated to the hand of the blazing California wildfires.
Yes, Mr. Governor, in those heavy days you were all for Bush and Cheney, there was then war in Iraq that many of us were fearful,
would never end as long as the neocons were making policy, and its impacts enter with decisive impact in the California of the other day.
A major function of National Guard services to render assistance when state tragedies occur, a tragic thing happened to the California National Guard when the numbers were
sorely needed to help wildfires rage. Their numbers had cataclysmically shrunk, there were only 1500 National Guard members able to assist during a period of dire need.
So how many California National Guard members are in Iraq? They number 8,000. Dwarfing that, although it was able to answer duties, call on their home state,
while residences were going up in smoke and many residents, the effect that there is, needed to quickly escape to save their lives.
What will it be? Should we continue to shell out tax dollars for more neoconservative nation building in an Iraq war?
That is helpless. Hopeless? Should we do so at the expense of ignoring in some cases, and severely undercutting in others the nation's major domestic needs?
The neocon wrecking crew of Cheney and Boostans is rulers of the reverse Midas touch.
Whether we deal with issues foreign or domestic calamity is the order of the day, as lines are lost in the war,
once on a tissue of lies, America was turned the ten trillion dollar deadmark, the largest in the history of the planet,
the dollar collapses on the world market, increasing numbers of citizens lose their jobs to foreign outsourcing.
In conclusion, Mr. Governor, there is that matter of economic girly man. Since you had the whole equation backwards, does that ultimately make you the real economic girly man?
You bastard. You fail. You fool. Well, you know, when they let go of him to Governor California, that has to tell you that the world is close to the end.
Close to the end times, like that your hopeless witnesses say in the watchtower, they come knocking on your door, and if you're smart, you say, nobody home, we all die, go away.
Like that, right? You bet. You're not paying any attention. You're just hoping for two o'clock. What are you talking about?
You're here exactly what I said. You're just, you're just, I just, you're just waiting for your next gigantic VM.
Actually, when the Jehovah's come, I just kind of don't even answer the door. Turn off TV and just, you know, let them walk around.
You won't hide. I don't hide. I just, you know, turn the TV down and I'll wait for them to leave.
When the answer turns the TV home, I'll down for. So, thanks, I just did get lost. Good idea here. I'll call the cops.
Unless, of course, the cops turn out to be Jehovah's Witnesses. I doubt it. Then you got problems.
They won't be knocking on my door. I remember when I was a kid.
And on nights when my parents would go out to dinner at friends house or whatever, I mean, they had any friends.
But, you know, I'd be home alone and every now and then there'd be a knock on the door. Sometimes on a weekend.
When nobody else was home, there'd be a pounding on the door. It'll be that your home is witness is paving with that watchtower booklet. I'll never forget it.
Oh, the end days are coming. And here I'm, I'm this kid. You know, I'm like 12 years old.
What do I give a crap about the end days? What are you talking crap to me about?
Others are going to say you got scared and we beat your pants. No, I did not pee my pants to them. I pee my pants in the school.
And third grade. I mean, most people wouldn't admit that. It would be embarrassing. What's embarrassing about it?
It's a part of life. It's one of those things. You know, I also pooped my pants a couple of times. I talked about on here.
Not just a couple of times. I think three. Three times in my life. That's right. Including that time in Amsterdam is I'm walking on the dam rack back to my hotel.
Walking with a real brisk, you know what I'm talking about? A real luth in my step. I had a luth in my step and a luth in my brother. I'm not sure which was the most active. But there was plenty going on.
I said, you know, fulfilled this vital role after six long years of reckless disregard for the rule of law by this administration.
We cannot afford to take our chances on the judgment of someone who either does not know torture when he sees it.
We're just willing to pretend. So to suit the president and I just I stated early in tend to oppose this.
Nice going there, Teddy. Opposing what Casey for attorney general, I'll they're not see who loves torture. You know, why to hell at least they're consistent.
I'll say that. Ten ten on the pole. Ten ten as in like W I N S in New York. Ten ten wins. I have to be confused with W I N Z.
Why would a station sometimes people in this business all the times here, but I mean they do things that are so bizarre.
Like WSYZ and Detroit, they went talk and they changed the call it is to W X Y T.
Now can you imagine better other than W A B C and can you imagine better call it is than W X Y Z? No.
And they changed it to W X Y T. I guarantee there was a much of stupid going behind that just like what we got behind us here with the bees ladies in Jolly Joah Bell.
Who by the way doesn't share my views on the president. What does that tell you? Does that tell you a lot of what you need to know about him?
I don't care about his politics. I just care about the fact that he's brain dead because one goes gland in hand. They kind of like fit together.
I mean like pieces of a puzzle. Not a very confusing puzzle when you deal with that. You know. So what do you mean he just raves about the job W is doing?
No, he when he emailed me maybe three four weeks ago about something. I forget what he was saying. He was passing along to me before I told him to quit doing it.
Some negative or email from some listening out there about the upset because I said something about the item. I remember about the oh the president calling him a bastard and a butcher whatever.
And so I wrote back to him to Joe. I said well you know what I said I don't really care about their politics but it may it may not make great something or the but it makes for good radio.
And he writes back while I may not share your views of the president but I share your views on good radio.
Which of course the whole thing is idiotic because if he supports Bush that tells you what a bozo he is and number two what does he know about good radio?
If he does know anything about good radio he sure is how I'm putting any on here I'll say that.
The biggest name.
He's been in a secret age. He's been a coach for the best.
I'm a big sports leader.
To my junior honey.
And he was not in California.
Standing in line clutching my jeans.
Hoping I didn't soap my under.
Because I knew my bladder was so weird.
Oi.
All that night I felt water retention.
I stood in line to things I'd rather not mention right now just after midnight I looked up.
Saw the signs saying I had to knew your buck was closed now but I said I got a piece of a band.
But now it's been a thing to prevent myself from feeling my shoes.
And I got a piece of a band.
What do I do?
What do I do?
Just pee on the floor baby.
131 at 560 W.
I just waged the pool.
We had 10 something.
I don't know.
I'm the other one I hated that pool.
So we got the Brandon's pool on there.
If the law said you had to have a religion which would you choose?
I've got a long list there for you.
No cop it out with atheist or agnostic or heathen or any of that crap.
Or none of the above.
If the law said you had to choose.
Now let's see what do we got.
I voted for Jewish.
Not because I was born Jewish but because I like Delhi.
I make...
Oh yeah, I'm a Q-Linerary Jew.
I don't care about kosher.
I don't care about all the going to shoul.
I don't care about anything that has to do with all the bubble myses.
But just from the Q-Linerary standpoint because I'm a pig.
We got your hovers witnesses of this companion.
Shinto, Hindu, Seventh-day Adventist, Wiken, Scientologist, Christian Scientist, Methodist,
Pentecostal, Baptist, Mormon, Muslim Buddhist and Catholic.
Did I leave anything out?
I don't think so.
I think I got to cover pretty well.
There's another one says Jewish.
Probably another fat pig. Probably Zack.
This year's town meeting day in Vermont addressed an issue far broader than the local school budget.
Should Vermont or coffee impeachment of the president and vice-president?
37 towns across Vermont voted yes.
A poll conducted for Channel 3 News posed the same question to 400 local elected voters.
61% said they would be in favor of Congress beginning impeachment proceedings against President Bush.
33% opposed it and 6% not sure.
The numbers for Dick Cheney were a little bit different.
64% favor impeachment only 31% against.
I'm ready to overjoyed by this at Jimmy Lee's and South Berlin and lawyer who's been a vocal advocate of impeachment.
Your poll really shows that here in Vermont nearly two-thirds of the public understand we've got a serious problem.
And the way to address this is to remove the officials who are usurping power.
We have a serious problem.
Johnny Joe doesn't understand that.
He doesn't even understand we have a serious problem there in the building, much less in Washington DC and around the world.
The impeachment results are somewhat surprising, frankly, to me political scientist Derek Davis said,
even though their terms are ending a little more than a year, a majority of her monitors don't want to even see them remaining in office until January 20th, 2000.
Vermont's legislature took out the impeachment issue last spring, a Senate passed a resolution calling for the president's impeachment, but a similar effort failed in the House.
Constitutionally only Congress can impeach an executive.
Congressman Peter Wilson said he doesn't support the impeachment of Bush or Cheney.
He spoke at a time hall meeting on the issue in May and argued impeachment would be a distraction and hamper Congress's efforts to end the war.
Oh, yet Congress is making valid efforts to end the war. They're doing a hell of a job, Brownie.
Lee said the effort isn't over. The founding fathers decided we could have a Congress that's just as corrupt as the president, except for the people that get involved in take action, he said.
And this poll shows the people understand this. They don't like the direction this country is going, as in down the turlid.
Some historical perspective on just how rare impeachment is, Congress has impeached only two presidents in the country's 231-year history, Andrew Johnson in 1868 and Bill Clinton in 1998, both were acquitted by the Senate.
Richard Nixon resigned from office before they could impeach his nasty ass.
Bill Dick Nixon.
Wonder how Dick Curtis is doing with his boyfriend there in Washington State.
Another right-wing homophobic Republican, self-hating fag, okay? Tired of it.
All the hypocrites all the time. That's America for you. Don't do as I do, do as I say. Am I right or what? You bet.
Well, look at that. We're getting some votes down there already. Buddhist.
Oh, the Dalai Lama was here yesterday. I told you that. Hello. Yes, Ali. That's another silly bunch of crap with those stupid purple robes in the bald heads.
I mean, I got a bald head, too. I shaved mine in my head, too. But only because it's more comfortable.
You know, but that whole Dalai Lama, what is that all about? Does anybody know what that's all about?
Hello, Dalai.
What is it? What is it? All these people there and all. Even in my building here, the women with the burkas, I'm so tempted.
But everybody hears polite and accepted drivers. And you try to get along with everybody else. And they're holding the door for you.
You know, you try to be civilized. But when I get in the elevator and these women with their 75 children and one of the ovens are there,
with their burkas with a little slit in the eyes. I feel like saying, why don't you come in early? At least the 15th or 16th century would be a good start.
I mean, no chance you're ever going to come into the 21st century. But at least the 15th or 16th would be a good start.
And stuff like living in a stone age. Just because the hierarchy of the your religion decided that you're like 10th class isn't your unclean, unclean.
Don't show your face. Don't show your pus. God.
The year will be cleaner when a broad smoking ban takes effect next month and they suburban on clay nestled between San Francisco and Silicon Valley called Delmott, California.
But while some residents have breed the sour relief over the decision others are fuming. The anti-smoking ordinance, one of the strictest in the nation, makes it illegal to smoke in parks, outdoor eateries, doorways, construction sites, even in private apartments.
Even in private apartments, how do you like that? I bet you can't pick your nose in there either.
But tobacco habit in Delmott will soon get more expensive with fines of up to a thousand bucks from violating the law which takes effect a week from today next Monday November, Ocho.
I don't know what day is today. Thursday. I don't even know what day there's anymore. Does that say about my life? It's too wild.
Yeah. Can't keep track of the days. The center for no it's too old. Center for disease control estimates 440,000 deaths annually in the West from tobacco related illness would at least 38,000 of those face.
I don't know if the mortality is coming from a second-hand smoke, baby. Smoking costs the state of California nearly $16 billion a year since the Department of Health.
I wonder how much sugar cost the state of California and everywhere else. Sugar. But Delmott smokers say their freedom is being trampled.
I've got the right to smoke my cigarettes, so long as I'm not blowing it in my neighbor's door, right? Just a brewery Belmont tattoo artist told me a few while he dragged deeply on a faggot cigarette.
But now they tell me I've got to go out in the middle of the street. He said not into a median strip land scape with pine trees.
If you want to smoke, go out in the middle of the street. You can pee there and you can smoke.
Bill Dickens in a Belmont city native and council member who voted against the resolution also believes the new law's gone too far.
Legislators shouldn't have the power to go into your homes and restrict you. He said, what's the next should I not be allowed to wear blue jeans on Fridays? Yeah, that's a good idea.
And back to macaroni and cheese on Friday too. The Pope likes it. I do too unfortunately. Boy, don't you love it?
Do you know anybody who doesn't love macaroni and cheese? No. I think it's universal.
I know some people even don't like ice cream all that much, but macaroni and cheese.
There are much macaroni and cheese I could have bought a wood mine last night with the money I left there. But anyway, they do have good men.
One thing about racetrack macaroni and cheese no matter where you go, it's almost always really good. I don't know why that is. We ought to do a study on it.
Earlier, Gatsard, the ordinance also made smoking in cars and any sidewalk subject to find, but the final resolution removed the first and the second with a walkthrough provision.
But a ban on smoking within 20 feet of any doorway or window effectively restricts most of the city sidewalks.
Like an oyster ordinance, enforcement of the smoking ban will be by complaint only said Warren Lieberman, vice mayor of Belmont.
Hopefully people can work out red then calling the police. He said, well, that be something. So your neighbors, oh, I smell smoke.
No, I see smoke in a hallway coming from Joe Schmenders house from his apartment. Call me a smoke police, baby. Call the Faggot police.
Why can't they just leave people alone? Why do we, I just, it's part of the whole ambiance of America today. More and more restrictions, more and more loss of freedoms, more and more intolerance, more and more hate your neighbor.
Here, there are people smoking all sorts of things outside. And I'm sure inside. You know what I'm talking about? What are you talking about?
The law, if the law said you had to have a religion, which would you choose? We got 39 votes in the early running here. Well, I have a lot of votes on this by tomorrow.
Now, you're going to be here again tomorrow, right? But we're not going to feed you like fancy feast like this. I hope you're satisfied with this today.
I am. I'm definitely satisfied. It should be. It was good. Got me some good grub and a certificate. Thank you, George, for being out.
You got a certificate too. If I did, or you can take your lovely girlfriend or some other hot chick there, whatever. Yeah, or his brother, or you can take your brother there. Now, was your brother got a girlfriend? No, he just broke up with her. He's doing the single thing. Good for him, by the way. No, I'd be real careful now. Why's that?
Yeah, he's going to be really horny. If the law said you had all in your case, I wouldn't worry about it. If the law said you had to have a religion, which would you choose? Jewish 14 Jewish 14.
Boy, Buddhist eight Catholic six, Wicken five, Episcopate and three, Scientologist one, Baptist one, Mormon one, and zero so far. Well, this is early. You know, we got 39 votes.
Zero for your hoax witness. Well, you know, going around knocking on doors and fissing people off. That's not too popular. Shinto, Hindu, Seventh Day Adventist, Christian Scientist, Methodist, Pentecostal and Muslim all have the big so far. No future terrorist of America yet.
The biggest name. The most genocide bomb is in Christ.
I'm 65.
I am the fourth leader.
Hi, Appali.
I'm the third leader in yours.
My population advocates big tree and racial hate. My religion's better than yours.
Absolutely.
I religion's better than yours.
I religion's better than yours.
What we like about the best I find for boys and wear a dress. I religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We have no respect for women.
Drive a cab to make a living mind.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
Chupa harbors, wookie ghost.
We slaughter pigs and dogs and ghosts.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We will be decent big girls and we will never have a baby.
We will be in our religion's better than yours.
Please.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We knock on doors to father.
You like fuller brush to skew our views.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than yours.
We wear ties and hiks these guys quite here and there.
My religion's better than yours.
My religion's better than your religion.
My religion's better than yours.
We don't want to use our brain for mindless living, don't we rate?
My religion's better than yours.
Oh!
Roger Mary!
Roger Mary!
Now the tall stipends on you
And the powers you possess
Since you saved his life
With your flying scissors and eyes
Inside a job where you can do
Roger Mary!
Roger Mary!
You had a brand new style too
We loved the way you fought your doom
With the big B under chest
And full proofs you'd like your
That meant you go to our own grave
Roger Mary!
Roger Mary!
Who's with the speed of a gazelle?
Since the bad guys straight to hell
When the buildings are too low
With your wings then we know
Your crushing glory would fund my people
Oh!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
When some swam me out
Tries to put me down
And says he has lost his congregation
I tell him right away
Now this and here the day can't you
I'm not sure it's over
Why did that nation?
All right!
All the space, people, dollars, words, okay
You're through the house
Oh!
When you're with him you know
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
It's a twist!
Our bodies all be jacked upon the death of this girl
And I'll be ready to pray
I'll be steady now
I told her that the answer is acquired now
And she'll be sitting in a way
Speak true, you're sure
That's my smile, it's right
Don't get down and stay
Speak true, you're sure
That's my smile, it's right
Don't get down and stay
Speak true, you're sure
That's my smile, it's right
You can die, you can die
Speak true, you're sure
You can die, you can die
Speak true, you're sure
You can die, you can die
Speak true, you're sure
You can die, you can die
Speak true, you're sure
You can die, you can die
Speak true, you're sure
You can die  unjustli
I'm raised to find a great mistimize
We're not in Peru
one-picky one at five sixty-six. They can't play me a picking out anybody man
I don't think anybody out as far as I'm concerned I'm an equal opportunity
religion basher. It's all a bunch of man-made crap.
nonsense can you imagine where we could be today the world could be today without all this garbage?
Yeah, if we would be putting the energies into as opposed to all this killing
the Shiites and the Sunnis and the Kurds and the Hindus and the Muslims and the Jews
the Orthodox and the Reform and the Getskis over here and Getskis over there and all this other crap.
And of course the Protestants and Catholics who hate each other like poison
if you don't believe me ask the Irish they'll tell you.
Ask William Donahueil clinches teeth and go where and then you'll have it or exorcism he could use one.
10.22 on that first pool, 10.22 I never give the final result probably because I didn't want it.
I don't want it. What was the most common form of punishment you suffered as a kid
spanking with clothes on 298. My husband had scored 133. Vicious beating 95.
Being tied up or caged 87. Grounding 80. Spanking with Aspaired 68.
Brackum. Custfield scored in 53. Nothing at all 51.
Lose fair parents come see Komsa.
Management to the bedroom 42. Deprivation of privileges carphone TV 24.
Deprivation of activities sports dating going to movies 23.
Slap in the face 19. Wrap on the wrist with the ruler 9.
Doing time in Jovey jail 7.
School detention 6. Being assigned a chore extra chore is 5.
Sitting or standing in the corner 5. Standing in the corner watching all the girls go by.
Being thrown out of the house for deprivation of toys for I wonder if I include sex toys.
Maybe Sally could tell us. Deprivation of food and dessert for
Management to a closet 3 like maybe a dick Curtis out there watching in state and
lost her deduction of your loans. Solomentate dose out of a 1022.
And which religion would you pick if you and Brandon says we ought to put
Santa Ria on there. Should we put Santa Ria?
Okay.
Well, we got a lot of people out there want to sacrifice the chicken for the Lord.
You know what? Hell not 71 votes on a religious pulment.
On this day tomorrow, but you would get 50,000.
What the hell is his name?
The best out of two.
His name is Roger.
Sport Legal 5.
60 QAM.
Naked.
Fourth.
Later.
Air around the clock beat the broadcasters as back for 2007.
On sports radio 5.
60 WQAM.
This football season flagged in Stolee QAM.
Stop talent for your chance to win $1,000.
All brought to you by Air around the clock keeping South Florida cool for over 30 years.
Air around the clock with over 80 dispatch vehicles on the road daily and their fingers 1995 AC Jacob's special.
There's a coolest guy in the air conditioning and appliance repair replacement business called Air around the clock.
Your air conditioning needs 954 and 742544 and play Air around the clock beat the broadcasters all season long.
Introducing the sling box.
Now you can watch your home TV anywhere in the world wherever you can get an internet or sell you a connection.
So go out and buy a sling box today.
There one take nailed it.
Hi, honey.
No, no, I just wrapped up a sling box for a superstition.
I don't know.
We're still recording.
Would you be quiet, man?
Could you see them on the phone?
Okay.
Yeah, I remember the shimmy said, but you maybe I could bring my laptop into the bedroom and we could use the sling box to watch that movie that I always get in the mood.
Yes, a sling box.
We can use it anywhere.
I don't always talk about sling box.
Well, maybe I do, but it's understandable given the fact that they put food in our table.
I'm in the mood too, but I'm not going to ignore my clients product.
Yes, I love my sling, but why did I marry it?
That's mature.
What do you want to eat, your old?
I'll build 10 more seconds.
Oh, but...
Go out today and buy a sling box.
Starting at just $129.99 with no monthly fees.
Now available at Checkered City, bestby and slingbox.com.
That was a embarrassing, man.
Why didn't you tell me?
Show rolls for a bundled live club.
I'm sure you heard Jason and I talk about the amazing club on the show.
It's truly the elegant, private and exclusive club for you.
Right here in South Florida, right now while you're online,
click on the Abundant Live Club banner and take a look at their sensational vacation estates.
You won't believe your eyes, and if that's not enough, click on the contest link.
You could win club-level seats to the Home Football Game on November 11th at the stadium.
You have to see the Abundant Live to believe it.
Go ahead, click on now the Abundant Live Club banner right there on the QAM home page.
See how you could live the life, the Abundant Live Club light.
As a member of an NFL championship team and as a business owner,
take it from me, the mad dog, being part of a team is of utmost importance.
I'd like to tell you about the winning team at Labor Finders.
Labor Finders is the pre-eminent supplier of temporary labor.
Whether you need help for one day or for longer, Labor Finders has dependable workers for construction, light industrial warehousing hospitality and much more.
Go to fall Labor Finders at 800-864-7749 or visit laborfinders.com.
Hi, this is Joe Rose for Home Go.
At Home Go, save 50% every day on kitchen and back cabinets, granite, countertop sinks, faucets and more.
Save big on all your flooring needs.
Wood, raminate, ceramic, marble, bamboo, and granite.
Home Go's got it.
At knockout prices, licensed contractors see Home Go for a special discount.
Home Go has locations in Miami, Miramar, Danrak, Fort Myers, and now in color risk.
For more information, visit homego.com. That's homego.
H-O-M-E-K-O.com for kitchen, bath, floor, and more.
Where do you go? Home Go.
You think you know more about the game than Dolphins Legend and Hulla Famert, Dan Marina?
If so, they need to take Dan on with Maroonies.
Beat Dan Pigskin Challenge just log on to Maroonie.com.
And make your full-up picks for the weekends matchup.
Then, listen Monday morning between 8 and 9 with a baked dog in jacks.
If Dan Rato calls out your name, you win $560 plus your automatically qualified fresh shot at the grand prize.
A vehicle worth of $30,000 from Maroonie for more details just log on to Maroonie.com.
Do you love what you drive?
The Soundflow number city spend dealers want you to love what you drive.
The brand new 2008 C-Class is in stock and ready for delivery at your Soundflow number city spend dealers.
If power and performance is something you want then see the S-Class.
If you need more room for your family, your Soundflow number city spend dealer have the M&R Client.
Have you chowed?
At 560 WQA.
I've been dying to my story about 30 dead bees.
The dumb as a dumb beetle bees leave these.
One day on a train from a heated and red road, somehow bought stations on Newfackle Radio.
Where are you, Duckie?
You just hear cars got shut and coming out of it.
They'll make me make money out of it.
You mean you got a pension money from here?
I don't know or should.
I don't know.
Next thing you know, the Peasley Planner Billionaire.
bought a pair of shoes and some long john underwear.
Duckie to be best in forest and paradise for crooked deadbeats.
Slowly deadbeats.
Lift the rock and you will see how the Peasley's breed.
Peasley deadbeats.
If there's nothing in your bank, you have to Peasley's a bank.
Peasley deadbeats.
And there's Johnny Cho going, ho ho ho ho. Peasley deadbeats.
Peasley deadbeats.
Underhanded and cheap, expecting you to work for free, Peasley deadbeats.
Peasley deadbeats.
Dispactably no sick of panthics for a cold. Peasley deadbeats.
Peasley deadbeats.
Work for baby GI and you'll never get a dumb cumbly deadbeats.
Peasley deadbeats.
Peasley deadbeats.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
I'm dying on the hearth.
Let's abuse some more prisoners.
I'll make them scream nice and loud.
Get me some wires and a factory pack.
I don't care if they ain't from my rack to be used.
Use you to the torture cause we're just playing their game.
Oh right.
In the past it had to be worse with the dumb who say...
Bye bye bye!
The biggest names of this talent.
Are you sure?
For Miami Dozens would fall.
Oh my god.
Sports radio 560 WQAM.
Miami.
Good luck or they'll...
Who is the Jew in our bitch?
I can't believe it.
Don't be silly.
Don't, don't, don't.
