I get in and hold it.
Your evil clearance and evil doer.
You schmuckled.
Jim McGreeby's eggs was bitter.
Said she never had a clue.
Even in his body glitter.
He never knew she married an H.O.M.O.
You're fair, Jack.
You're a man. He's a gay American.
Absolutely.
The dean of.
Never knew why her holy has braille and pain.
Said she always looked delicious.
Huh?
And everything was fine and bad.
But she should have been suspicious.
Sometimes when they made love he called his friend.
She married an H.O.M.O.
Gates.
He's a gay American.
A dean of.
This should provide your holy love for her strife and.
When she told a brother story.
How about we told her he was gay.
He seemed a better fit for Maureen.
Only thing missing was the D.N.
Then she married an H.O.M.O.
You're fair, she will man.
He's a gay American.
All right.
The dean of.
Now you know why he went camping with his close friends.
And you married an H.O.M.O.
Sexual man.
He's a gay American.
I used to dress like Peter Pan.
Because he's a gay American.
He put the Peter and Peter Pan.
I just pulled a Dan Stewart there.
Not Dan Stewart, Chris Baker.
Did you Dan Stewart?
He's all wear fly.
You'll dead.
No, actually I started talking.
I had to mic off.
I'll do that all the time.
Do you really?
Not by intent.
No, I'm thinking of some music into the ballgame music.
We'll start playing it now.
We only got an hour 27 minutes.
You're going to be kidding us Neil.
And guess what?
I got the phone thing shut off.
I'm not even looking at it.
All right.
When the day comes that I do an hour and a half show and I need to take any of these horseball
phone calls, that will be the day I say, bye bye.
Like Ricky Tiki says, well I was thinking of that tomorrow is his last day.
You want him to call it of course, like you said.
Yeah.
You're going to set it up?
Yes.
Won't that be special?
Yes.
Now he's not going to do that kissy kissy he does all the time.
Probably.
And he's obsessed with me.
And this is a guy seriously way back in the beginning when I was at I.N.Z.
I wish I still had that clip where he said it's just shock radio.
Remember that?
He hated what I was doing because I got off of that horrible.
It's a lie.
I am not.
A horrible old fashioned with a stupid old guest.
Guest are killer.
But of course these people listen to me.
I know nothing.
The man dog was right about that and obviously forced a bunch of guests on him.
Now he's number is in the crap or two.
These people, whatever I say, if I said it's Thursday they'll say, oh it must be Monday.
What could be the time?
Monday must be Belgium or some crap like that.
I don't know.
And that's because they're idiots and they can be as dumb as they want to be.
I don't care.
And my check did show up a day early yesterday for those who keep track.
So the fact that I have this very serious gambling problem according to half a dozen lunatics
and morons in the audience.
I'm going off the woodmine at 1130.
I got my shirt on, my pantaloonies on, I got my shoes sitting right off here to the
chide.
And I'm ready to rock and roll baby.
And hour and 26 minutes and we'll be out of here.
Marlon's baseball ought to get a huge number, especially without exciting Dave and
Warren and Foxy Roxy with that squeaky yellow light voice.
Okay, here's the poor result from yesterday.
I guess we don't have time to dittle around too much here today.
No, but let's do it anyway.
And I was supposed to say at the very beginning because I was eye-emming with Brandon last night.
He asked me what did I have for lunch.
Although he knows that I was under a lot of stress at lunch.
What are you laughing about?
Oh, I, Chris was making a funny face.
Yeah.
Oh, man, I'm never going to be the same again.
Well, I just had some interesting messages that so.
But so I take that.
I had a bowl of raw cream of broccoli soup with some little cheddar cheese in it.
Man, it was good.
And I had, they bring a big salad, the cheese your salad along because I had, you're going
to be very angry when I tell you what I had.
I had a huge meal.
Oh, cheese.
I had Penny pasta with sausage and dessert.
Oh, guy, I had a, huh?
Keep going.
The score Sunday for dessert.
Oh, my God.
I have waddled out of there.
But at least, at least it brought my, I don't know, adjusted my mood.
Yeah, I don't know what to say.
Anyway, let's get going.
We don't have a lot of yucks in there.
A lot of yucks and a lot of schmucks.
1668 votes on yesterday's pool.
So all this crap, you know, we're still kicking a fanny old style.
Remember, fanny's farmer or farmer's fanny farmer?
Sure.
They had candy, by the way, fanny farmer.
Goes to show you when you were a kid, your parents will feed you any kind of crap to them.
Hey, that's really good, my fanny farmer.
Oh, brother.
That's very big in the Northeast and upstate New York, it was big and in Boston.
I guess maybe there are headquarters in Boston.
You want to Google it?
Okay.
Fanny farmer candies.
Boston, very big.
In fact, there's a fanny farmer still on, I think Washington Street in Boston, you know,
the main, well, whatever.
We're the Paul Revere House, too.
Let's go see Paul Revere, the British are coming and boy, the boss is not too happy about it.
What?
Boss, I told you.
When I tell you, I know my farmer's fanny, man.
Anyway, the opponent yesterday, we had 1688 votes.
I'm the owner of an overactive sex drive, 381.
Nothing wrong with that.
Keep that baby going, man.
Keep, that's what the Lord put it there for and make it work.
Make it work for you.
Like that.
Balu, be selective.
I'm never going to be the same.
I just, my life has changed.
Not for the better either, just, they're all wondering what am I talking about.
Nothing that actually happened or is going to happen, just a bizarre series of messages.
Sex drive 381.
Nothing overactive with me, 242 people, holier than all the rest of us, better than us.
So I screwed up, that's the third day and it's only the tenth of May.
So seven days in May, remember that was not a movie?
Seven days in May?
I don't remember.
Yeah, or a book or something.
Seven days in May, I've been perfect with the no sugar and the other three days.
And yesterday was disaster.
I mean, I'm not lying about it.
If I'm lying, you're dying.
I'm an overactive craving for food, 225.
That was yesterday, but I think it was, I think you get a free pass on that.
If I could tell them the whole, which I won't.
I'm the owner of an overactive fart maker, 182.
Imagination 145.
Oh, that's most of you people, by the way.
I love these people.
I'll throw a little tidbit on there.
Oh, we know what you're talking about.
We know you're a compulsive gambler.
You lose in thousands, whatever you say.
We do have a couple of compulsive gamblers on the radio station.
I'm not one of them, but anyway.
Owner of an overactive bladder, 141, peeing a lot.
What's the nightly news?
You'll have 500 commercials on there for the pills that stop you from peeing so much.
Overactive bowel, 77.
Sweat gland, 74.
Mental disorder, 46.
Nervous system 38.
Impulsed to call radio talk shows with nothing to say, 34.
Even legendary talk shows like this one.
Paranoia 30.
30.
There's 29.
I'm assuming that's for booze.
I don't know.
I mean, what does that mean overactive bowel?
Maybe you have acid and booze.
Maybe you have diet, BBs.
Hypocondria 14.
I mean, as in I'm always saying,
I'm diet on the hand.
And thyroid 10.
Well, it's nice to see thyroid bring it up to rear if I can say that.
Farmers fanny.
Have you ever had fanny farmer chocolates?
I'm sure I must have.
They're like industrial strength.
They're very right.
And you know what other candy is really bad?
Whitman Samper.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
Like a biome in the Walgreens.
Yeah.
And right exactly.
Nothing worse than Mushi Candyman.
Yeah, let's talk about this.
I'm talking about this.
He's a day number four perfect atkins for me so far.
Excellent. Let's hear it for George.
He's doing the actions.
I'm trimming it.
Well, I think if you'd have gotten the messages I did, you probably would have gone off.
Yeah, I would have vomited.
So I would have lost even more weight.
Now, you know what I'm sorry.
I didn't tell anybody about that.
Right?
Except everybody I know.
Well, what would you expect?
I mean, you know, we come up with something like that.
A Boulder Colorado high school is locked down.
I have a heavy.
The kids aren't in there.
Just the staff and administrative faculty and above whatever they call it.
But anyway, it's on lockdown.
There's some suspicious incident in Boulder, Colorado.
And they showed all the SWAT team running in there.
Who knows what's going on.
They found some suspicious light powder on the Blackboard.
It was called chalk, but nevertheless, there's something going on there.
Here's the pool today.
We only got an hour and twenty-one minutes and then it'll be Marlon's baseball, baby.
What have we got after the Marlon's today?
We got the, oh, wow, wow, wow.
Oh, no, no, wait a minute.
Huh?
Look at this schedule.
I want you to look at the schedule.
I'm looking.
Beast 330-7, active of all game.
And then Hank 4-7.
What are they going to do?
I've got a correction.
Oh, I don't.
Okay, yeah, 330-4.
And then Hank 4-7.
Oh, 330-4, the beast.
So Hank couldn't work the extra half hour.
Come on, Humber.
We'll work off a few calories for a crying out loud, Faso.
No.
We're trying to keep him alive so desperately.
No, I realize you can't do it because you failed so many times and I killed with that rich.
I mean, I tried everything.
You tell me something that, you know, that I can try the lockdown.
Yeah, well that's the only thing we did.
The school workers saw two masked men entering the school.
They were in Boulder.
They just put that on CNN.
Two masked men.
Oh, I sure hope it wasn't Batman and Robin.
If it was Robin, maybe I can catch a little or something, something.
Anyway, 685 votes on the pool.
Who is the most obsessed?
I like this pool just fine.
Who's this from?
Is this Charlie Beagan?
Well, the most important.
No, actually it's...
No, this is the one from Sean.
Thank you, Sean.
That is a good one.
Let's at least give Sean credit where credit is true.
685 on the pool.
They will never get to 1000 by 1130.
Even Chris knows that.
Don't you correct?
And doesn't care either.
Oh, now what's the deal with the food?
Oh, that was yesterday, right?
Chick-fil-A came in?
Yeah, they did.
Very nice.
Fine.
Having their grand opening of that.
I keep hearing about the handle rate.
That's the office.
I've never had it.
It's very good.
I wonder if we have Chick-fil-A here.
I think we can do it with the grand opening.
One of the food courts, I think there's a chick who's getting filleted or just laid.
Who's the most obsessed?
Cuban Americans about Fidel Castro, 353.
New Yorkers, anything new, you walk 120.
There's nothing more obnoxious than an obnoxious new walker.
And we apologize for the redundancy.
128.
Jews about Israel, 122.
Jews, what do you think?
Oi!
Lou Dobbs about illegal immigration only 40?
Oh, he ought to be doing better than that.
That's what I voted for, as a matter of fact.
I've assessed as the understable century.
Richard Mellonscape about the Clintons, 23.
Game in, Judy Garland, 11.
Mell Gibson about the Jews, 8.
That's pretty good pull.
There's some other things that could be on it.
How about Neil Rogers and Brady Quinn?
Put that on there.
I can take the shots and bother me.
Hey, Brady.
Pretty or what a shame.
Who's this goofball Mormon he brought in?
There's quarterback John Beck.
Is that the guy's name, Chris?
John Beck?
Yes.
Well, who the hell ever heard of him?
Rhymes with Dreck.
12 minutes after 10, a QM an hour, 20 minutes away from the first run out of the pregame show.
Don't keep carried away now.
So the Beast 330 to 4, Humper 4 to 7, Hurricane Hotline 78.
Any interest in that?
No.
And Jimmy Cifilus 8 to 10 tonight.
All right.
Now is that his first show on the station, Chris?
I'm going to say yes.
Since abandoning those losers across the street, Jimmy Cifilus 8 to 10.
And then game net with 8K 10 till 1 a.m.
No, no, no, no.
No, God.
They see they'll keep up all their injuries.
Until they expose all the secrecy.
Still they're not hearing what they want to hear.
Because no one talks while under open air.
Is it true the FBI knew about the press?
Did CIA make judgments that they now regret?
There's a lot of things that we can't do.
We need to know.
We need to know.
What push knew about 9-1-1?
We need to know.
We need to know.
What push knew about 9-1-1?
We need to know.
Isn't it interesting until they take them about like five and a half years before they're finally saying,
oh, you know, we think maybe they knew something.
That's a little something, something.
Maybe this was an inside job.
Maybe this was a bad deal gone bad between the Bushes and the Bin Laden's.
Maybe this was all a set up deal by the project for the New American Century so that we could go into a rack and just rape the damn country and pillage and loot and kill them, etc.
All of these things.
7-21 on the pool.
I've already got six votes.
The Arangers obsessed with Brady Quinn's got six votes.
I readily admit.
I confess to that just like I confess to my very bad damn thing prep.
Oh man, so many ash holes and so little time.
It's just amazing to me.
There's so many idiots out there.
But I did confess about my grotesque lunch yesterday.
I certainly didn't need dessert.
Well, what I need dessert for.
I guess that was just to make the cheese more binding.
I guess just to put you over the top.
I asked for some Parmesan cheese for my pente pasta and my with sausage.
Which was pretty good.
And the waitress goes away for a second and she comes back and she brings one of those cheese graters.
This is in a deli.
I mean, it's an okay place.
But she's grating this thing.
She's twisting the thing and like a little bit of cheese is pushing on there.
A little tiny bit.
And I finally said, okay, ask good.
Get out of here.
Bitch.
Jesus.
God almighty.
Just bring me like a thing.
Like a sugar bowl.
You know, like in a real Italian restaurant.
I mean, in a real fancy gourmet Italian they bring in.
They do that like she was doing.
But they give you plenty.
You know, they didn't know how to grate it.
It wasn't so great.
Let's do that.
Little tiny tidbits of cheese.
Yeah, I needed the extra cheese.
Speaking of that, hundreds of homeless people in Nashville ate well last night.
All in the name of a man who the state put it out just hours before.
His last words were.
I'm dying out of here.
Philip Workman, 53, requested that his final meal be a vegetarian pizza.
Haha.
Haha.
A vegetarian pizza donated to any homeless person located in the River Bend maximum security institution.
He was executed there at two o'clock Wednesday morning.
But prison officials refused to honor his request saying they don't donate to charities.
That apparently upset a few people willing to pay for and deliver a lot of pies themselves.
All right.
Homeless shelters across Nashville were indated with donated pizzas all day yesterday.
I was like, wow, Jesus said Marvin champion and employer of Nashville's rescue mission,
which provides overnight shelter food and assistance to more than 800 homeless people a night.
You know, if Jesus ordered pizzas, what would you, uh, WWJE?
What would Jesus eat?
I'm sure it would be kosher.
I'm thinking not pepperoni, man.
No, right.
And certainly not pepperoni.
Nothing would be cheese on it.
He's very brave.
Jesus was very firm as they say.
He would just have cheeses.
Jesus.
Yeah.
Too much cheeses for Jesus.
And that's not a bad idea.
Let's open up a company called cheeses.
Jesus Christ will be blessed.
I used to be homeless, so I know how tough it gets at Marvin.
I've seen some bad times having not enough food.
The cupboards are beer.
But we got pizza to feed enough people for a while, he said.
This really shows the people here that someone out there thought of them.
Donna Spangler heard about workmen's request.
And immediately called her friends.
They all pitched in for the $1,200 bill to buy 150 pizzas, which they sent to the rescue mission.
Philip Orkman was trying to do a good deed.
Nobody would help him.
Said the 50-foot-hour-year-old who recruited the co-worker to help her make the message blurry last night.
I knew my husband went out of heart attack.
I put some of it on the credit card.
She said that I thought we'll find a way to pay for them later.
I just felt like I had to do something positive.
Some vegetarian pies.
Spangler wasn't the only person to place an order in Orkman's name.
The president of PETA.
Oh, I knew how did I know.
I was so sorry about the vegetarian pie.
I thought PETA.
Yeah.
PETA, the Twitter.
We're at a new story about the President and I, the inmates' last request in order 15 feces
pies sent to the rescue mission this morning.
Well, they're probably chomping on them right now because it's like 9.20.
Not even just love Nashville.
Not.
Workmen's act was selfless and kindness to all living beings in subvertus said PETA's president,
Ingrid Newkirk.
Junior senior high school history teacher's name was Bill Newkirk.
Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newkirk Newk
Johnny Anteenn Chit신 Reulseeing Belk
Not far away, seventeen pizza arrives at Nashville's Oasis center
they understand what this is Thai, and fish men do what kids eat and make a resue
of their surroundings and whether what Eat, Met or trucs which is taking Esther and Esther
granted the Italian food to better provide more food Let's feed the homeless non- Nope,
when workman robbed a wendy's in Memphis ten to see an eighty one who's a strong
out cocaine at a click for way to pay for his next time he was homeless at the
time it was convicted of shooting killing Memphis police to ten a run all over
during the robbery i wonder if he was kind of worry all of her used to play for
the leaves
many of the pieces ordered workman's neighbor delivered an honestly but the first
seventeen to the waste of center came from a many appleist minnesota radio
station at the voted much of its morning showed time talking about workman's
request can you believe can you got caught on the carpeas they for not talking
enough sports yes any problem on a show it's too much sports i know you
you know well we don't know anything see anyway kato says he plans to call
other homeless shelters in Nashville they and share the pies they should be able
to benefit from this too well hurry up and share them because otherwise even if
you just reheat they're going to start a little crusty and musty like those
ones in uh... uh... hamster them that have been sitting the window for the last
five years
it's a story of a guy who's a satin thunderclbrady family it's a story of a guy
who's execution translated into a generous act he said it's people don't
know the people they don't know it's about a group of people who society often
writes out getting a pizza party today and then they'll back in the sleep on the
street and you know in the winter time they'll freeze today and we'll say yeah
but they sure love their pizza baby that you had a good time and then you
know we could play good time you hate that yeah to seven forty nine on the pool
uh... you know something we might actually get the uh... a thousand by two o'clock
of course we won't be here
you just tune in we're out here eleven thirty don't blame us
not we're trying to be slackards or anything like that are trying to like you
punch out early it's just that we got that ball game you know give me the ball
give me the ball and on q-a-m and across the street anything it's got to do with
john spamps and guys slapping each other on the ass that's what's more important
they baby yeah don't you make any mistake and here's a classic proof of what I
have time to make yeah I have time for this
that if you mess with the government they're going to come back and mess with you
in america that's the merid that's the fascist american fn way
academy award-winning filmmaker michael morris under investigation by the west
treasury department for taking a link september eleventh-rescue workers to
cuba for a segment in his upcoming health care documentary sickle the apis
learned sickle promises to take the health care industry to test the way more
confronted america's passion for guns and bullying for connoblein and skewered
bush over his handling of nine eleven Fahrenheit nine one one the treasury
department's office of foreign assets control notified more in a later day
did made to that was conducting a civil investigation for possible
violations of the austrad embargo restricting travel to cuba well hubbim and
dread okay they'd been uh... trend treasury department a copy letter was
obtained by the ap of this week
the office has no record that a specific license was issued authorized to
win gage and travel related transactions involving cuba
they'll Thompson o-fac chief of uh... general investigations wrote a letter to
michael morrick in February more talk about ten ailing workers from the ground
zero rescue effort in Manhattan for treatment in cuba
prison the person working with a film maker on a release of sickle release
the information you press an identity because more certain is a determined
yet how to respond
more declined a comment
after receiving the letter more rancid place a copy of the film a safe house outside
the country to protect it from government interference see they try to mess
with it they don't want they don't want to see anything that's really great
but you've got to be a fascist best guard osman's enough to really to see off
left to make a stay on here till two o'clock this afternoon but we won't
because eleven thirty baby
we're going to be out of here fast
that i don't know that
along
much
mommy
was not a lightweight
Who can you to risk when?
Across the top and sea
Who can swing over the river and take a pee?
Spider-Man
Spider-Man
Yes, Spider-Man can
On a building in the rain
Making up with Mary Jane
Who's hotter than lowest wave
Who can hang upside down?
While he's in his blood
While he's in his blood
Finishing his poor pride right
So then throwing a punch
Spider-Man
Spider-Man
Yes, Spider-Man can
Spider-Man can
He's incomplete just a ray
But somehow he will say the day
Thank God he still got the end ray
Back for his funny tree
A bloodbust of the V
Probably make 300 million
Two or a half billion
Or a quarter of a billion
A puss on the cobblers
A puss on the cobblers
Peter Parker dead
And man and vet them want to destroy the blue and red
A Spider-Man
Spider-Man
Spider-Man can
Fill their head with death
Using just his funny sense
This is like it's really intense
Oh, Geeks want to coast to coast
Love this guy the most
Dress up in this fighting costume
Here
In an embankment basement
Oh, yeah they miss sniffing exhaust views
Absolutely
Oh, who can kill a building
Kill a building
In each tiny time
In each tiny time
Spider-Man
Spider-Man
Does whatever a spider can
He's Spider-Man
He's a weapon
In each size
Catching seeds
He's Spider-Man
He's Spider-Man
Look out! Here comes the Spider-Man
Oh man
It was going so well to the last part there
I guess you know a little campy
I was just thinking and fantasizing while the thing was playing
Yeah about clearance and joys
Tied to a chair
Tied to a chair with a rubber ball in their mouth
Like in somebody's garage
Alright and carbon dioxide
With a door close of course and carbon dioxide fumes
Just pouring out of some bebojo lobby
A kind of wonderful fantasy
Man
768 votes on the pool
And man I'm moving up the list I'm so proud of myself
Who is the most obsessed
Cuban Americans with the Del Castro
393
Come and east, come and east
New Yorkers with anything New York 140
Jews with Israel 130
Ludovs a legal immigration only 44
He should be doing my- they don't know who the hell Ludovs is
You think the audience listens to us just CNL?
No, nobody under 100 does accept you and me
That's right and I'm getting close
Richard Mullins gave the Clintons 25
He's obsessed with the Clintons
In the evil way
Neil Rogers and Brady Quinn 14
From nothing to 14 in two shakes of A.A.
Asses tale, that's something
Gay men with Judy Garland speaking of A.S. 13
And Mel Gibson with the Jews 9
771
I'm pretty proud of that totaler
It's not too bad considering we only got an hour and a half show today
Now I don't think that this is um
I mean as much as I love this
First of all, it's only a minute and a little something
One thirty three
Ready
Start it, that's that, that's that, that's that
That's that
That's the only small thing
Nothing to worry about the whole wedding period
For your father, for your father
What is it about that movie management?
I don't- it's perfect, that's what
Is it?
It's a masterpiece, they did everything right
You know, maybe not on purpose
I mean if you take the original God, I don't want to say Godfather one because then somebody will say
There is Godfather one and just call the Godfather
Well the first one, okay
There is nothing you can criticize
There's no bad spots, no bad scenes, no dead spots
Well, in a good way right
Right, there's nothing like being dead in a good way, I like that
Like my mother for example, she was dead in a good way
Is that a bad thing to say?
Oh, you're so insensitive, he didn't even go to his mother's funeral, he said such a bastard, such a cold-hearted bastard
I'm a warm fuzzy and I'm adorable too
That's right
Even George says I'm adorable
Cute as a bug's butt
Right, oh I think maybe this will be the occlusing at eleven thirty
No, this is what is this?
Godfather?
No, but it's the Godfather walls
What's all this?
It's 338
Which is kind of great
Oh I see, I think it's going to start that and I do a little chair and tell it or something
Is this sounds like something to eat?
Anything in Italy that sounds like that
Yeah
Doesn't it sound like they all, there's a whole bunch of these that all sound the same
But you'll hear a kidy, you see any of you hear how they are trumpeting so
Sure, quivering, it's quivering and shivering a little bit there
Shiver me timbers man, here we go, with a bunch of real dangerous grease balls, here here comes
Yeah, there's a man who runs
Oh, I'm on boobie now
Oh yeah, how is that?
Kick pine
Yeah, that'll do just fine, you think?
Yeah, I like it
It'll be just fine, although I wonder how it ends
Well, I don't know, well you know something if I go to the next one and I go back
The next cut, here I'm saying and I can back it up a little bit
And we can come down
I got to hear this for the back timing purposes
You sure I wasted a lot of time and you only got an hour and a half
Yeah, I have no fool man
I was fated, it's a fade out so I'll just start it a little late, better late than never
Okay, we got 783 on that pool, some bad news and browored by it, away
Freakage convergent of natural forces scores a wildfires burning across the state plus center
By the way, the jackass that caught two days ago, that storm up there that disturbance the first name
Yes, that's not going anywhere near you guys
I know
Scores a wildfire is burning across the state plus an early sub-tomperal storm in the Atlantic
Will likely keep South Florida cloaked in a yellowish smokey pall until the weekend authority said
Ooh, bad air
And guess where that predicting meant for that for this summer?
Like blackout days when the air smog is going to be so thick
Guess where they were predicting that on the news here yesterday, not for Toronto, yeah
Mm-hmm, oh
Like you get up by if they see you wake up in a it's too many afternoon and you think it's like seven in the morning
Because it's still like pitch black outside, oh, into the world
The smoke was sticking off yesterday to push the air quality index and browored into the unhealthy range
Prompting a warning for risen, still limit after activities especially the elderly, children and those with respiratory problems
As soon as I left the house at 6.30 am, I smelled the fire said Maribel Fields of Pember Pines
And outreach manager for the Broward County air quality division, you can't complain about the air quality and browing because there isn't any
Although Palm Beach County's air quality readings weren't quite as bad officials order the same advice
This is from a burning so I tell people to be very careful said, careful said Robert Moskovitz sounds very Jewish to me
An environmental specialist with the Palm Beach County Department of Health
You know all these names that we read in these stories that I read, you know how many Jewish names there?
I think there's like a billion Jews and we just keep it a secret
And let's be it because the air is a good upset. I don't know they're awful lot of Jews
The air conditions were the result of more than 80,000 naked burning state wide and wins from some tropical storm
Andrea pushing the smoke in this direction
I'm praying for rain so Governor Charlie Christ who spends a lot of time on his knees
He took a helicopter to yesterday of fire, he's drinking areas
Your Governor Charlie, he just cracks me up, you know
I mean I don't know if he's a good guy or bad guy, he certainly got to be an improvement over his fat ass predecessor
That's for Dan. Yeah. I mean so with anything so with no no governor would be better than that governor that wildly popular Jebediah
Christ said 225 totaling almost 125 square miles per blaze state wide
A Florida's burning man is absolutely like the governor maybe that maybe there's a connection there you think?
Maybe the Lord knows the governor is a fag and as a result the whole state's going to be flaming soon we hope not
The one most affecting South Florida covered almost 16,000 acres in the
Picking even what is it? Picking even strand state forest in Collier County
Wow. That's because the winds are pushing it through the East Coast
Melissa Eunice, folks woman for the state division of forestry said
Because of that fire alligator alley between four-large day old and Naples was close from 830 to 130 yesterday
The FHPB sand because of the smoke as the barred public schools cancel all spring football practice yesterday
And the middle school fag a flag football game schedule for last night
Broward County athletic association all-star football game that was supposed to be played at Cooper City High
We scheduled till seven o'clock tonight. I sure don't want to miss that. Nothing like those softballs
Fire's burning in north and central Florida led Broward schools to a definitely suspend field trips to the
Canopy Space Center St. Augustine and Jacksonville who don't want to go to any of those places anyway
Although no wildfires broke out in Palm Beach, Broward to date on Wednesday
Smoke from his farways the panhandle has locked it this far South. Oh brother you can just kind of smell it
So there you go another good reason not to be there, but I don't want to get anybody depressed
It just you know goes with the territory this places with earthquakes and mudslides and stuff like that
No places perfect no places
Paradise you know what I'm saying some people think they're in paradise and then they just get sent away
By the way, I hope you're having a wonderful day moe go outside and inhale out of those fumes
797 in fact maybe we'll just tie up our clearance and Joyce outside and they can inhale all the burning fumes instead of going
about the camera
I'm in jail
Paris you dropped the soap pick it up
Another patient nice but Paris
What color are you in a bowl?
So looks like you really do dye your hair Paris your curtains don't match your drapes
It's really rude one more person asking I'm gonna get up and walk away
And that's a week game one
Are we gonna see blood or anything?
It's Paris Hilton in the not so simple wife
It looks like it's Paris actually
We're gonna try up some filthy Lesbo lockout with bad light
This is where she belongs in a filthy Lesbo lockdown
1046 or you get Joyce in there with her man they can have a whip up a really wild time
804 on the pool man I love that aren't you impressed Chris not even be like doing little tap dance in his pants?
I know we're getting impressed by the fact that we're getting out of here in 44 minutes
Not that I'm counting you understand not that we're trying to like scur off or like avoid doing our best to do our duty like a good scout
But that's what they tell us you know and this is I think this is the only day of the year that we have this early of an exit
How do we call ever having a new game to you?
No I mean sure we must have once upon a time in America but I don't recall it
But then again I'm old and seen now in people
Here's a fact from a Channel 7 Hater and there's a lot of company
Oh and the person that says putting the arrangers on the pool obsessed with W and no chance
I mean anybody with a brain is obsessed with W and a very negative way
So see the idea of the pool today is it speaks for itself stupid
Anyway the Channel 7 Hater says I flipped by Channel 7 news last night and there they were on the beach in Jacksonville
Talking up a storm about the storm
And of course we knew it because that's a par for the course in South Florida
Anything that's going on with an 8 million miles
That's very funny
Amen
It says
They're labeled try to cause a panic about nothing
Spooky's in the way is a guy in drag says of the Channel 7 Hater
Or I could be I know I get spielkeys when I see it whatever it is
804 on the apporn I'm moving up nicely I'm climbing the ladder not that I'm in any danger to those top three choices there
But I could come in a respectable fourth by the time all is said and done
You know what I mean by the time it gets done
807 I got the near Rogers obsessed with Brady Quinn 26 vote all right and I am obsessed and proud of it
And if anybody don't like it too bad I saw him first
Pope Benedict the 16th city yesterday the supporters oh I'm sorry he supports
Excommunication for politicians who back Mexico City's decision to legalize abortion
Giving a strong message about court church teachings as it started his first trip to Latin America's pontiff
This far bison Nazi Pope with the little red shoes he looks so cute he's adorable
Church of teaching calls for automatic excommunication for anyone who has an abortion in Mexico City where abortion was legalized during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy
Church officials have said that doctors nurses who performed a procedure as well as lawmakers who supported civilization would also be excommunicated
You're gonna burn in hell that's right that's the church for you baby they get very angry just like the Lord they get pissed off
The power of Christ compel you right the power of Christ compel you the power of Christ compel you
Yeah the power of Christ compel you huh the power of Christ compel you
Oh, the power of Christ compel you the power of Christ compel you
Are you sure the power of Christ compel you the power of Christ compel you
Incrably the power of Christ compel you oh we're fine the power of Christ compel you
All right father Mary and wants to hit no more I won't see either one of them now is the old one he's not dead yet is he
Max on side out oh very good next one see now side out I don't know we don't know if he's dead or alive you can look it up
V.O.N.S.Y.D.O.W. but anyway father carousas dead Jason Miller wasn't at the guy boy my mind is really sharp today I wouldn't be surprised if I sniffed out a decent machine today
And I got some very bad news for me guess what I found out on Tuesday when I had my first losing day of the weekend would buy him
He's still alive who Max I fly to and Jason Miller's dead I know that he played he was good
I think I'm losing my faith remember that scene and they were playing that one big man by the almond brothers in the background in the bar remember that what's a priest doing in a bar I wonder who was a bar probably
Anyway the bad news was over the weekend when I wasn't there and I wasn't playing in that particular five dollar machine for the first time in a world buying history
I think they've been open about five six years they paid off the five dollar wheel of fortune progressive jackpot 366 grand
Can you imagine I mean I'm not that I mean obviously they got those
The ones where they pay millions you know the progressive ones where you got a trineman's chance to hell I played a lot of but 366 grand a band it's kind of grand if you ask me anyway getting back to the pope and the church and all their
Forbidden the hostile attitudes about you're gonna burn in hell because you're evil and crap in Mexico city where a portion was legalized during the first 12 weeks of pregnancy church officials I just read that it's nothing new
It's normal it wasn't arbitrary. It's what's foreseen by the church's doctrine the purple reporters of a board a plane to Brazil on the plane
He was saying he said the main in plane falls mainly in the spain for some crap like that what is he know he's a trineman I do like the Germans but the ones under 100 years old what sleeves him out
See that probably I see people have preconceived notions and if you never go anywhere you assume that oh the Germans are all a bunch of Nazis you know all the
S other crap in the French they know they're perfume in their etiquette the French stink like hell and you know maybe it's against a lot of their for them to use like the
Odomen or little you know little aftershave something maybe that's called ordinance man to these stink in order to Germans mean while
The most wow and I'll say it again. I've said it before just for you people may be traveling this summer Berlin and
Cologne Germany are two of the most upscale beautiful cities. I have ever seen in my life the people are beautiful the buildings are
Beautiful and of course new and modern most of it because we bond the crap out of them at the end of W.W.W.
The two and so that'll teach them a lesson
That they'll never forget but they're really something and in Berlin or so like well dressed you know a really clean cut and they smell good
Man some smell really good especially when you get close
Oh man are you an old pervert yes yes and why the hell not you know that's part of what we're all about
Why the hell not why be a bull crap artist why not me I certainly would never do no hanky spanky would know hot looking a young dude no
Unless I could 821 votes who is the most obsessed and of course that gives me back the yesterday's text messages. Oh I'm sorry. I'm not mentioning that
You know something I have no I have no qualms about
Spilling my guts about that incident yesterday which I'm not gonna tell on the year because there's no delicate way
I could say it I don't think no I can't imagine no
But it's just you know if you're gonna do something that outrageous and that grotesque I mean you're gonna have to expect that people are gonna like
Tell everybody they can find I'm gonna tell strangers it would find about it today excellent I'll tell a few people to I mean you know I'm 150 years old and I've had some strange experiences my lifetime but you got to admit that that sure makes the top 10 it is a Mondo
Bizarro yes who is the most obsessed 821 votes on our pool and we got only 37 minutes so we won't get a thousand
A while we're here but man we'll get to I don't know maybe 900 no you think yes Chris yes you're gonna see when the blood sugar starts getting to your head of the
Point where you can't like even move your head to get close to the mic and speak then you know you got problems although who might
It's okay that was such an outrageous lunch I had yesterday although the rest of the day I pretty much laid out on the food on the food category
Most obsessed Cuban Americans with an El Castro 407 New Yorkers anything with anything New York 149
If it's from New York it must be better it must be louder it must be more obnoxious yeah when we agree with the last two parts
Jews about Israel 140 obsessed obsessed I'm gonna go to Israel I'm gonna go to the Caboots and then I'm coming back I'm gonna kosher the house and kill a few Arabs for Abraham Abraham Solomon that is my grandpa
Not a wonderful name Abraham Solomon it is good Solomon's a good like that of course I would change it to you to leverage or is it the other way around now actually the name was you to leverage and they changed it to Solomon they didn't want to be conspicuous nobody
Believes that story but it's true town stupid but it's true Lou Dobbs about illegal immigration only 45 he is he's not just obsessed he is smitten in fact I wouldn't be surprised if he'd like to kill a few illegal aliens for Jesus
Neoroges about Brady Quinn all the way up to 31 from nowhere up to a very fine I'm gonna pass Lou Dobbs like he's laying out at the border Richard Mellon's escape obsessed with a Clintons 25 gay men obsessed with Judy Garland 15 I don't know I don't know any gay men who are obsessed with Judy Garland
Although I like to write it see your life at the palace in New York in 56 I guess that proves it huh and your wrenches was on the I totally dismay in times
and Mel Gibson obsessed with the Jews in a very negative way 11 out of 800 before the break I want to see you 832 I'm telling you I think we get 900 by the bottom of the hour it's gonna be quite a battle man that's our goal are you up to Chris that means like 68 more hosts in 35 minutes that's that's on part that's about two a minute I'm up to it yeah you're up to it you're a few armpits in sweat probably and you wait till the summertime now do you sweat a lot are you one of those fat people that sweats a lot
more than I would want to but not like you know overly like some people like the ripping like like you just yeah out of a bathtub or something like that I haven't seen him all sweaty thankfully
let's hear about it the first time it happened this is the neo-roger show
no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no
and to just disappear or die or something you know like black someday sure that's the situation like whenever I sit my giant ass down on a bleacher I want to drink my beer and enjoy the game oh yeah how to enjoy a sports event is an important and exciting topic to discuss in our morning shelf hey guys there's a tornado warning it's a situation man I expect to stand that alone lying to the men's room I bring my home vinyl we have like a wall of tornadoes approaching the station to
you I had an old store native ones I'm just like you know dude our job is to them the audience not informed that's the situation we've got okay we have a comedian joining us on the show tomorrow I'm Milton came in junior whoa yeah now this guy is a first class comedian I mean he'll have you in stitches hey sports related you were right sure I mean not like that like the litical or anything complicated like a situation like that or any yeah
so tune in tomorrow for some side-aking laughter with Milton came in junior I think we deliver a good product on this this radio oh yeah yeah this radio thing what they say we scored a one in the good book yeah we'll see man we're number one
okay I take it one of the things that I love the best and that was chicken next let's see what does he call it I can't remember the Florida cheer okay this is the
he was worried you wouldn't like that you've heard of the brought you I wouldn't like that oh yeah yeah that's it hey now just
something I like that part too like this the best hey just got your not to not to make it sound like anything but I just I got your package here oh good well you don't be you keep
hands off my package to a spoken for my already oh look at that what now and don't be playing that on the air now you know
that original wonder you know that's going to our close personal friend don't be a partner around with that thing don't
leave your fingerprints on it either but anyway sorry you know I'm going to tell you FedEx is so great that it's just if there's people are
always talking about one the other so negative he's always ripping and you know it's more fun to rip but every now and
energy there were company or a business or something that isn't necessarily a sponsor but they just do such a great
job all of them FedEx why are you doing this look what I can do oh and speaking of you playing the foot that
back in the end please no you know something I'm I'm walking out now I know we got a couple of seven minutes to go I'm leaving if
you're going to start I should never put that baby in your hands man oh yeah yeah you can't control yourself can you
no in so many ways some good memories I'll tell you that in so many ways yeah I know I know of course very good
context of the way things are I'm sure we're going to make 900 by 1130 866 now can you do me a big favor yes
because it is love train it plays in the background that spot um whatever that spot is
and I just I just love that song whatever spot what oh you want me to send you a copy of it
it was like no no when we go to the ballgame instead of playing the skyfather stuff yeah I think
and we can back time with love train I'm sure out of there how it is it 258 258 okay so that's like
and how does it end it fades out I'm pretty sure it fades out pretty sure well here I'll find out
can you actually go to the end of it and play no it can be I got powers all right well let's hear
there it is fade out fade out yeah please so let's say about 250 just to be on the safe side so that
would be 2710 this is called back timing for those people that can get your notebooks about radio
jargon oh yeah if anybody out there wants to know a little bit about how a real radio station
operates which of course is not killing hands certainly not the people running it but one
in the morning show god called in the carpet for not talking about enough sports oh brother that
should tell you what jolly joe and clearance are doing to this place I mean butchers they're just
laughing they're getting out the cleaver remember the cleavers 2710 do anything that's a good idea I
can't wait to get out I'll crank that baby I'm power to get my shoes on keep it locked and loaded
and we got 866 votes on the full how am I doing Brady Quinn I wish I was doing something with them 38
I can't I'll draw you a diagram high school and Colorado was locked down today I'm in
unconfort me for said two masked men were seen entering the building who is that masked man it's the
lone ranger but who's the other one he had alone see I'm making I mean the kids weren't in
there anyway so it's not like there's anything bad happening yet officers from her and and
classes have been canceled anyway they're not gonna let the kids anywhere near there thanks god
officers from various law enforcement agencies could be seen outside Boulder high school and the
inferences to the parking lot of the building were blocked off Boulder police spokeswoman Julie
Brooks confirmed the school was locked down the authorities were on the scene but that's all she
would say she would not confirm report by KOA radio that a high school staff member it's
seen masked men entering the building messages left with the principal the school district not
immediately returned to AP school district spokesman Briggs gambling told CNN the start of the school
they was delayed until least mid-morning well I thought they just said before a while who knows
what's the time on this I think the class of encancers they take a no chance and I thought they
should do take no chances and find those masked men in but a baby Florida brains all over the
nice Ivy League suits 870 votes on a poll and roll a 23 minutes away now how are we gonna now
you gonna do it by your clock when we start that thing or am I gonna attempt to tell you well tell
me what your clock says and I'll see how far off we are from each other oh well no it's not a
question of my clock I'll say it what the exact time is okay well I have the exact time also
the exact time 110631 okay I'm four seconds fast so whatever you call it your clock is good
this is the atomic clock on city close 24 so I go by every day I got a satellite
clock time like a real professional radio program that's right big of pardon I got the satellite
clock what is that the atomic clock that they broadcast all of it says 110647 here all right well
we're four seconds let's see what the clock well wait a minute maybe you might be right I mean
that that four seconds is gonna make any difference absolutely not no and who cares if we had
four seconds that are anyway exactly oh and they don't give seconds on CNN we'll screw them okay
they make me sick what about a minute send DC they close enough don't worry about it
no no don't understand this is killing some really good time I know that 23 minutes to kill here
they're in commercial break yeah you know that's why you're interrupting that's what you're
bastard 870 votes we need only 30 more Chris and we can do it I'm sure we're gonna do it
because we got 22 minutes 23 minutes we need 30 more votes to get to 900 by the bottom of the
R873 you get nice chunks audience must be in a good mood today I sure am I'm just I haven't
been in this good of a balloon a long time I don't know what it is maybe it's a lunch I had
yesterday maybe it's that short show we're having today maybe it's that we're getting out of here at
1130 and I'm all dressed and ready to go all dressed up for the prom and oh man I'll gusty up
who is the most obsessed is our poll question today Cuban Americans with a castro of 428
to hell with Fidel New Yorkers with anything New York 160 if it's from New York it's better yeah
better go back it's so good there go back Jews obsessed with Israel 145 what do you think of that
Lou Dobbs illegal immigration 47 neo-rodgers obsessed with Brady Quinn 41 I confess and I'm
right on Lou Dobbs big fat ass right now Richard melonscape obsessed with the Clintons 25 gay men
with Judy Garland 15 and Mel Gibson obsessed with the Jews 12 poor Jews are all over that place man
a lot of people obsessed with the Jews that's why there's so many of not around them all
oh you're responsible for all the wars go that must be it well the lord said we were chosen
even see what we're chosen for just to be a butchered murdered and oppressed and spat-upon
in louis New Guinea play a baby or attention in the ron of fans is it's been owned
of these to the lake curcobain Courtney loves that's playing their cell most of his items in a christy's auction
you know what's the name of the whole movie a wetter of guitar and the lyrical smells like
jeans spirit what's the name of that awful movie oh oh oh oh how can we get and easily I'm sure you
know how you can easily find it go to IMDB and look up what's the guy's name pit that's
bright and he's not related to Brad Pitt but that's the guy's name that plays him what is his name
pit I don't know about a good idea you know I'm talking about yes what is him Michael pit
he's the pits and don't even look good he you know from a certain angles from about a hundred yards
away he don't look too bad to be get close oh there's Andrew from Holland on city falls hey Andrew
oust the leaf 884 we need 16 more votes for 900 we'll do it easy really easy last days the last
days I'm going to tell you when you want to commit suicide watch that movie and you know it'll
put you right in the right mood that is the most depressing the worst piece of garbages and
even you agreed when you and I agree on a yeah no right now it's a major miracle so you've got
left train all set there now you sure it's going to play through the entirety right yeah yeah man
see I don't understand where you have all this stuff in the pc the one that you bought for yourself
down here that you use the internet with I put a big hard drive in it at my own expense and I have
the the huge music library in there and I'm adding to it daily well that's a beautiful thing
this is not beautiful this is grotesque before imposing the maximum sentence yesterday in the former
brown school district substitute teacher for committing sexual acts on a 12 year old boy the judge
be rated him for praying upon an innocent victim in showing a lottery morris jurors in December
convicted very Allen 64 pompato beach of two felony counts of uh looter lecibia small station
an exhibition and three mr. meteor counts of committing an unnatural and lecibia sacked
circuit judge since the in parado yesterday sent him to prison for 30 years
mr. Allen you stole this young man's innocence you ruined his life and you ruined his family's
lives in parado said at trial prosecutor Dennis Seagal sounds Jewish to me also portray the former
substitute teacher Winston Park Elementary and Rines Creek Middle schools as a manipulative man
who maneuvered his way to the victim's household and showered the boy with gifts as a rose to feed his
obsessive sexual interest he's showered with him or something like that Allen unknown to jurors
flipped a suicide note into his attorney's briefcase during closing arguments and left the
courthouse during deliberations prompting a countywide search police found Allen the next day badly
beaten in his van in a parking lot less than six blocks from the courthouse the victim's mother
yesterday urged the judge to put Allen behind bars for the longest duration possible so we'd no
longer be allowed to pursue his insatiable desire and lust for very young boys she said the
sadistic demanded twisted ungodly acts he committed upon his son from july two thousand three to
february two thousand four destroyer family and marriage and cut a measurable stress pain hurt
in anguish Allen see the jurors box by documents in his lap of the bandage tandover's mouth
seeming unaware of her words maybe he was making sounds with his mouth probably got practice I guess
Allen later told the judge it spent many rewarding years as a substitute teacher and
positively impacting children's lives he didn't acknowledge the sex frame he's behaving
with a little bit of an effort initially to help a troubled kid I totally lost my perspective
and I failed to realize I had crossed the line when I interceded between a mother and child for that
I am sorry well that 40 cents about a third of a cup of really cheap watery coffee at coffee time
not at Starbucks you couldn't even get in the door for 40 cents 892 votes more we're going to
sounds like a fantastic deal with me in fact I think I'm going to do that contract extension
starting now with the revision of my schedule doing 10 to 11 thirty two three days a week sounds
great and continuing two days and thursdays in the summertime two day and thursdays only of course
and then we can have a lot of sports stuff between 11 thirty and the two sure get those numbers
way back tapes sports tapes and games would be good oh games that your buddy did remember
remember with those checkered pants oh yeah he had a checkered career I'll tell you that maybe
that's why he wore those checkered pants 894 on the pool when we get to 900 I'm going to read it
again and again and again I mean I just I can't tell you how enthused I am about life right at this
moment me too yeah it's just a very pleasant thing and the audience you know the the real loyal
fans out there saying we're not real happy Nia we're really pissed off at you and well what have I
got to do with that and say the ballgame was going to start at noon who the hell is going to be at
a ballgame in a non sports town in the first place at 12 noon in soft lords probably it's got to
be a travel day for the dodges I would assume maybe they're going back out west it's a you know
well it's got to be that right wouldn't you think Chris that's what I'll think of travel day
who is the most obsessed is the pool question we have 897 when we come back after the break we'll
have over 900 and then we'll have a parade at all up and down Flagler Street killed with Americans
with an Elk Castro 440 speaking of Flagler Flagler Street New Yorkers anything new York 162
obsessed our Jews obsessed with Israel 147 Blue Doves Illegal Immigration 51 on having a tough
time catch in Lou neo-Rages with Brady Quinn obsessed 44 obsessed Richard Melisky in a Clinton's
25 gay men and Judy Garland 15 and Mel Gibson with the Jews he no like him 13
wonderful
W2M
one sixty
coming next summer spider-man 4
Spidey joins forces with Stephen Hawking
help me spider-man help me
I am spider-man I will save you
what my fan
oh crap that's going to leave him
our class wrong with you
spider-man 4 with Stephen Hawking boys translators and drew cups for the first 50
and then
I wrote my flipper
what an idiot
11 23 at 5 60 W here we only got 7 minutes to go in fact looks to me like we only got 6 minutes to go because it's 11 24 now man
that uh no holding back the hands of time you know who would want to just keep marching on
today 908 votes on the pool we got a 900 Chris is happy now he's got a big smile on his face
probably mostly because we're getting out here in 5 minutes and 41 seconds
or 50 whatever it is so I don't want to screw you all up with the time now you got everything coordinated
you know it
who is the oh I don't have time to read the poll again I want to do the acidic roof story
right over the next few days crates filled with the queen of solsus iconic wigs and shoes and gowns
will get white cloth treatment in Miami beaches bass museum of art and preparation for next
Wednesday's opening of these Smithsonian institutes traveling exhibition azucar the life of
the electric blue wig see this sport with the Grammys the gray Narcisco Rodriguez dress
is that named after you Narcisco Rodriguez that he wore a telemundo's tribute to her
the near the very end of the 1962 Merge license in Connecticut when she went Pedro Knight
Pedro all of it will be paid in stately you unpacked by specialist trained to respectfully
handle history's important artifacts it's the cedar cruise exhibit baby soren and ham
california another cache of cedar's objects at least 36 items is being treated Lord knows how
there's an encode the cedar they crew the cedar cruise day proclamation issued by the city of
Miami several keys to several cities photos cedar's personal address book some of it is covered
by the Smithsonian which owns a handful of the items in their exhibition and as the rest on loan
from cruises of state and others from cedar crews but the stuff at anaheim is in the hands of
michael pion or that pion a california memorabilia dealer who says he bought it from somebody who
brought it in an auction after folks in charge of cruises of state failed to pay rent on the
warehouse who was being kept oh boy okay that no pion listed the items on ebay but took them
down within a few days without any of it selling after temporary injunction was filed i made forth
a new jersey court ordered the objects returned to the estate his lawyers say the client bought
the stuff fair and square he's expected to fight the ruling it's one more chapter than not so
pretty part of the city's story was he was not so pretty unfolding after she was silenced by
brain cancer july sixteen two thousand three the woman who moved generations of fans were the
woman control toe had twin fewnables be fitting royalty through tens of thousands of mourners in
Miami and Manhattan treated like a diva even in death she had a costume and change between memorials
and there's a lot more to it but i just ain't got no time because we got to get out of here
yes we don't unless i beg your pardon i said yes we do yeah we do well you mean we like to stay
and we'd like to stick around in fact maybe i'll read this again tomorrow you know we'll kill
some time read the whole story because then there are a lot of people in self-recessed with
see the cruise she was really she was a guy for sure i'm sure she was you know well in the
wild but nevertheless nine hundred fourteen votes on the pool who's the most obsessed nine fourteen
old bean you know something we came dangerously close to a thousand an hour and a half
wow and it's not like we had some big gigantic lead in or something like that Cuban
Americans if an Elcaster lead the way four forty seven nothing even close and let's see my
catchin ludobbs he's got fifty two with his illegal immigrants and the erudgers are
set with Brady Quinn forty six you might see i'm right on a little fat fat ass
yeah i guess you probably should have started with right all i just gonna fade out it would
you got the beast for a little bit after the ballgame two four o'clock umpour four to seven and then
after hurricane hotline Jimmy's several aside it makes his debut on qm 8 to 10
the voice of the door
hey jimmy you
and
so
The rain keeps on running, running on the ground
Where the weather is, she wants to burn
She wants to burn, she wants to burn
Where the weather is, come on
On the ground, she wants to burn
On the ground, she wants to burn
On the ground, she wants to burn
On the ground, she wants to burn
Never hold a hook in the end, look in the end
He's gonna miss the spray
That's okay, he's still there
Oh, oh man, I'm blish
I'm blish, I'm blish
I'm a pig, I'm a pig
I'm coming
Never hold a hook in the hole
Hey!
The rain keeps on running
on the ground
The rain keeps on running
on the ground
No, I'm blish
I'm a pig, I'm blish
I'm a pig, I'm a pig
I'm a pig, I'm a pig
I'm very glad that I was born in the field of hope
I'm proud of the field of hope
I'm very glad that I was born in the field of hope
