New York
Jump your game on
Jump your game on overbearing
You fairy call
So yeah, if we think that we're all
Game
Then drop your game bombs all give me
Oh, oh, oh, oh, the right wing, British and who?
Love that game ball
Game
Come on now, fall
I fall
Hey, that's what my dog's doing
Oh, yeah, keep that for all
A food too we make everybody day
You drop a day
Or something you'd stare
And drop your game bomb
You fairy call me your call
A global glove pass burns me on
Come down have a go
I love that water
Black men and black men fall off
Children's arms
I'm such a good woman
But the people of the blues
Jump your game bomb
Game
I'm a rock man
Straight white men
We're all the start of that golem
Hidden in the deep
Force your heart
Go on
Go on
Go on
Your shitty
Transform
I'm straight
10-03-5-60-22
I guess everybody owes him hard
A way of thanks
Thank you to him
Because everybody's got something to talk about
You fairy
And of course we all know about basketball
And football
Or baseball
And hockey
You know, that's a game club you want
I'm going to take showers after the game
Naked together
And snap each other
And he asks with towels
And chats you
And special like in high school and college
Chats each other around the locker room
I should have chased him park around the locker room
But I would have gotten knuckle sandwich
Well I sure wish I had a chance to relive that
Oh good god
And what about that mean swimming naked in gym class
That's a game club you want
There's a lot of that going around
Anyway we'll get to that
And I have well all kinds of stuff about that
First I get Larry sent me this email this morning
This is kind of cute
It says after hearing about your friend's story
With a comforter and your episode coming back to the building
Thought I would pass this along
Did you see this?
No
Oh
60 is the worst age to be said to 60 year old man
You always feel like you have to pee
And most of the time you stand there and nothing comes out
Ah that's nothing said to 70 year old
When you're 70 you don't have a ball movement anymore
You take laxatives, eat brand, sit on the toilet all day
And nothing comes out
Actually said to 80 year old
80 is the worst age of all
You have trouble peeing to as to 60 year old
No IP every morning at 6 o'clock
I pee like a race horse on a flat rock
No problem at all
So do you have a problem with your ball movement?
No I have one every morning at 6.30
Exasperated to the 60 year old said
You pee every morning at 6 and have a ball movement every morning at 6.30
So what's so bad about being 80?
I don't wake up until 7 o'clock
I thought that was kind of cute
That's excellent
And that was very good
And then my close personal friend Stephens got a long
I mean lengthy email about the Tim Hardaway thing
Which is actually the expression I'll read on here in a minute
And I've said to the epitome though
The whole South Florida scene though is the story about the old lady
That's the real story
The 80 year old woman
Dear field beach
A woman living in a department of motor vehicles office
Where she went for a state-order driver's license retest
Accidentally tout her car into the building Wednesday
Oh!
Slightly injuring several people to float a highway patrol said
Teresa Smith just a mere 80 of Boka
Well I forgot to play the Boka song yesterday
Don't let me forget to do that today
Don't forget
Was easing out of a parking spot
She was easing out of a parking spot
Her family office at 100 South military trail about 4.30 pm
Which she stepped on the gas too hard
Oh oh!
Don't do it Teresa
So pelling her 1990 Mercury grand marquee
Over a concrete parking block out of the sidewalk
Through a metal parking sign into the windows
Of the D&B office
Chargent Mark Weissaki, the FHB spokesman said
Over the concrete parking block
Out of the sidewalk
Through a metal parking sign into the windows of the DMV or office
Seven people who were in the office waiting room in the crash happen
Were taken north-rowered medical center with minor injuries
Four of those were also hurt but didn't need to be taken to hospital
People were injured from flying glass
From falling on other people
Weissaki said that luckily nobody was actually hit by the car
Thanks God
Troopers cited Smith for careless driving
They're handling the case because technically the crash happened on state property
FHB officials didn't know why Smith had been ordered to be a re-examined for a driver's license
But they said they would be looking into it
Although Smith couldn't complete the retest Wednesday
Because the passenger side to over car was broken and couldn't be opened for a DMV staffer
Smith's license remains valid
Weissaki said, well of course
Smith wore sunglasses and sat quietly in a plastic chair in front of the office doors
As about an hour after the crash a tow truck pulled the white grand marquee out of the orifice
The car had only small dents and scrapes, thanks God
The DMV office was covered in bits of glass in the large section of the Florida seating windows
That shattered in the crash waiting room chairs
Tanned waiting room chairs were flipped over, drab mini blinds were twisted and torn
None of the employees wanted to talk openly about it
Soreken, here you go
Soft Lord, if you're breathing, here's your license, no problem
I told you my mother was 90 years old, she got a six-year renewal in the mail
In the mail, she could have been deaf dumb blind
Right
Poguful amputee and she got her renewal in the mail
How do you like that?
She liked it
Also before we get to this whole Tim Hardaway thing, which I'm sure will take of a substantial part of the show
Because when it comes to matters, you're talking to the ultimate fag
See this is the thing that really cracks me up
Is when ignorant, uneducated people talk about homosexuality or something they know nothing about
And when you're dealing with dumb jocks, who are, yeah, I mean why should it even be a surprise that dumb jocks are homophobic?
It goes with the territory, most of them politically are right-wing
Almost every time you see a dumb jock run for office, it's just a right-winger like Jim Bunning and Kentucky
Who's a crazy person?
And let me say one other thing too
And then this is really the amus
If a little bit of story, just like to think about Michael, what's his name from the show that I never watched?
I felt what that was his name?
Richard's
Michael Richard, sorry, see, out of sight out of mind
Not a jute
A bigger pardon?
Well, he liked to tell people that he was, but he was
Well, whatever
But if it's somebody who has some comment about not liking black people or not liking Hispanic people or not liking Jews
You can't do that, I mean they will pillory you
They'll rip you an ass
Those aren't lifestyle choices, no, are they?
Right
But being a homosexual, of course, is a choice
I mean, anybody who makes such a statement like that is just looking for an excuse to be a bigot
Take it from me
No more than anybody chooses to be attracted to a bimmer of the opposite sex
Nobody chooses to be attracted
It's just like saying, oh you chose to be attracted to Rocky Road
Can you sat down one day and you decided that Rocky Road was going to do a tap dance on your taste buds?
How stupid is that?
And vanilla ice cream was going to be boring
See, I'm getting too worked up already, I'm going to have to drink a lot of this diet soda
Like that
But anyway, before we get into that, it's just a matter of fact
That gaze at the last bastion of, you know, you can rip and you can attack in America
Because America is light years behind most of the rest of the civilized world
And while we have legalized gay marriage in Canada, you know, in America, it's a lightning rod issue for a bunch of right-wing lunatics
Oh, the Bible says the Bible, yeah
Shove it
Bible written by a bunch of ignorant moronic imbisools
Anyway, Erica Farber, thank you so much Erica from Radio & Records
This is a real feather in my cap to use another trite stupid cliche speaking of stupid
In open form, there you go, there's your present
Like that
I better make some tea during this break, well I thought I was doing fine, didn't I?
Sounded fine, but yeah before the show I was doing great now
It's all worked up because Tim Hardaway's comments, you know, just did no great things
Hey Timmy, you're fairy
Erica says on behalf of all of us at Radio & Records
Congratulations, Neil, on your nomination as News Talk local personality of the year
We hope you'll display the certificate probably
It's got a certificate here of which I've got a copy, a fax copy
2007 industry achievement award presented Neil Rogers WQM in recognition of your nomination as News Talk local personality of the year
Of course, I'm probably the only one who's not syndicated in the country, which that's one the only local, you know
It says that R&R News Talk industry achievement award winners will be announced at the upcoming R&R Talk radio seminar
Being held in Marina Del Rey, see California at the Marriott March 8th to 10th
So we do hope that you will be joining us in person, however in the event that you don't plan on attending
Designates somebody to accept your award and the event your name is announced
Also, I've just been nominated, I haven't been won the award at it
You've just been nominated, right? What does that mean?
Nothing
What is a nice look in the piece of paper? Sure is. It's great
For more information about our upcoming seminar visit our website at radionrecords.com
Click on the conventions so it says once again congratulations on your nomination. Hope you can join us in March. Kind of street art. This is in L.A.
Century Park East, 41st floor L.A. Radio and Records. I of course will not be going but I'm sure that Charlie Joel will be more than happy to fork out the money since we're sending the big O to all these
Rock solid, jocks sniffing places where they have what's that one that they call what's that one place he goes?
Well, he went to the senior bowl and I'm not going to the combine in a week or two. The combine, that's the one. What is that?
That's where all the college players line up to get measured and they get measured. Yeah, they get measured.
Uh oh. Well, I believe him and his producer will be heading out there now. He's is ready. Quinn's going to be there to get measured.
He should be if he smart. I say well, I'd be more than happy to hold the measuring stick. You'd like to go out there with him to watch his workout? No.
But it's just an example of a kind of money that we flushed down the toilet. It's a silly thing. It's part of the sports fraternity and there's nothing gayer by the way than the whole sports fraternity which George is always screaming about.
I echo that sentiment. It's factory at the utmost and of course all these macho guys and the fraternity is all the hazing stuff that goes on. It's it's factory man.
Everything has to do with getting other guys naked and exposing their body parts and all of this gravity to the parts and doing something to it.
Now of course, making it spank and it. Right. Tapping it up. Be careful now. Careful. Oh, it's bank too much. So thank you very much, Erica. I've been nominated.
I guess I can put this on the wall in my toilet there in case nature calls again with the most inopportune moment.
Okay, well, here's the poll results. Me and I will give the whole team a hard way of business which leave it to me. I can lay it all out there for it.
Of course, the biggest aren't going to want to accept what I say anyway. You're just covered up because you're one of them.
Well, believe whatever you want. See, I don't really care. I don't feel that I have to live my life and apologize to anybody for being who I am or what I am.
I'm a good person. I don't harm anybody. I don't attack anybody. I'm a less than anybody. And what I do with my we need business. That's my business.
But of course, there are some other people who have this inordinate this really twisted and sick need to know what everybody else's crash business is all about.
That to me is like a little strange is what it is. Very strange. 1477 votes on yesterday's pool.
Which Democrat would you like to see nominated in 2008? Barack Obama wins. I'm telling you he's the man. Trust me. 405. He beat Al Gore by 50. Pulled away. Al Gore 355.
Hillary Clinton did very poorly. She only got 11% of our crowd. 155 vote, man. 200 behind even Al Gore. And by almost 300 behind Barack Obama.
John Edwards 117 who is his boring man. He is as ye who as they come. I'm a Republican 98 6.9%.
Altuba. Whoever 82 they just don't care. Bill Richardson 69. What about Bobby Richardson? Another right wing FC Anke Ball player.
Who is really cute. Howard Dean 52 Joe Biden 42. And I hate this pool only 30 to a mere 2.2%. Let me say it again. Hey, Timmy.
Too fairy. Too fairy.
Okay, I just got back in time with my tea. Holy moly. I'm going to need this. This is the comfort. What is it?
Closet comfort team. Constant is a closet. I don't think there's any comfort being a closet. I think there's a lot of paranoia in there. Like Tommy Cruz, man.
And then they have to keep holding these press conferences. Die. Oh, I'm not gay. And I'm going to sue your ass. And I'm not one of them. Fairies. Yeah, you are Tommy. Okay. Everybody knows it. You're not fooling anybody. Nobody. By the way. Yes. The answer is five.
Five what? Five faxes about that story that you just got done reading. About the old lady. About the old lady.
I just got to reading the story about the 80 year old lady with the end. And like I said, that's the epitome of what the stuff Lord is all about. The entire state of Lord is all about it.
And another thing. Don't forget to play that book. Oh, excuse me. In fact, they would have been good. I think it's longer than that. But I want to play a lot of gay theme stuff now because it's obviously the topic.
And let me say it again. Here's the headline in the Sun sent. Now if you replace the word gay with Jewish. I hate Jewish people. Or if you replace it with Hispanic. I hate Hispanic people or you replace it with black. Oh boy. I hate black people.
There would be such a human cry and such carrying on and such a simous going on. The likes of which you have never seen in your life. But anyway, I were windbagged. No less rights. This. Hey, I wrote your ferry.
Would that squeaky voice? Is he still on our station all the time or what? Chris do you would know? Yes, he is. He's always. Every Tuesday or Wednesday or something. Every two minutes he's on. Is that in between Kenny and Vot talking about what they got later? Not last night? Well, I mean, you know, I'm not going to comment whatever. I hope they get all they can.
Anyway, I wrote right so we can't to return center John and me. She became the first active or former NBA player to publicly acknowledge he was gay. One of the most popular players in heat franchise history offered a blunt view on homosexuality Wednesday during a radio interview across the street. That you know something I'm glad it was across the street.
Because if it would have been on this station, I'm sure that the host whoever was would have gotten up and high five. I mean the bitch left him. Former heat guard Tim Hardaway who had been making public appearances for the NBA said on Miami based 790 the ticket, which has an audience you could fit into a telephone booth in room for your fat ass left over.
He wouldn't have tolerated the gay player on his team and would have asked to have been traded in such a situation or would have asked to have the gay team I'd be traded. How do you like that? He would have asked to have the gay team a trade of people. I'd be in a shower with no faggot. I'll say that right now and who the hell would you know?
Hardaway left one. There you go. Well, you know, I hate gay people. Hardaway senior, the closing interview that mostly focused on his chained with the heat in the team's current state. I let it be known. I don't like gay people. I don't like to be around gay people.
Yeah, I'm homophobic. I don't like it. It shouldn't be in the world for that or in the United States for that. So yeah, I don't like it.
After the NBA learned of Hardaway's comments, a league spokesman said Hardaway had been removed from further league related appearances. I can't imagine why he's just stirring up a little bit of publicity there.
It's inappropriate for him to be representing us given the disparity between his views and hours NBA commissioner David Stern said the statement of the Sun sent.
Hardaway was listed to be as an NBA legend. Oh, he's not as legendary as I am though. He didn't get an award from the or nominate different award by the radio and records. I'm legendary.
Legendary old fag, by the way, Tim. Well, that's right. He wouldn't be listening because he don't like faggots. He was listed as an NBA legend to they when league launched its NBA fit program at the YMCA.
All right. Oh, Southern Nevada and have been part of the NBA's now sure you must have that queue up there. Don't see you got to village people.
Little YMCA action. Come on. Let's go. I know you got it. Things slow. I had to. Oh, I had to boot out of Southern Nevada and part of the NBA's community care van leading up to Sunday's All Star game in Vegas. Hardaway played for the eight from 1996 to 2001.
Feel the heat. Oh, I'm sorry. You can't say that. Feel this. Hey, Timmy. You're fair.
The NBA fit program at the YMCA where nobody of course is gay. See, even I can't hear it. I still talk about nice. Okay. That's it.
Sure, shortly after arriving in Vegas, Agent Henry Thomas who also represents heat guard Dwayne Wade issued a statement through his orifice from Hardaway that read.
I want to apologize for my comments yesterday regarding gays. My comments were offensive and I regret making them. I'm sorry to win when I've offended. He didn't offend me.
I mean, you're a dumb jock and I would assume that your homophobic is telling you know, it goes with the territory.
Then offend me at least but I could give a crap a less. But if I came on the year and I said I hate black people, I wouldn't be back here tomorrow. I guarantee you that. I will bait your life on a Tim.
And that's that's the double standard. You have an American country that is desperately, desperately trying to grow up.
That's America's biggest problem. It can't grow up. All the wonderful flowery things that were written in the Constitution.
Of course, it was written by people who kept slaves of course. And of course, we know that you know, you don't have to go back beyond Roosevelt for example as far as anti-Semitism was concerned.
Viral anti-Semitism in the 40s and 50s, the McCarthy witch hunts all of that stuff. It's all probably part of American history.
So in little teeny tiny increments, we try to make a little bit of progress.
However, when contacted by Channel 4 before that statement was they should hard away reiterate the comments he made the radio interview across the street.
I don't condone it and if people got problems with it, I'm sorry. I'm saying I can't stand being around that person knowing that they sleep with somebody of the same sex he told Channel 4 adding he wouldn't talk to a gay family member.
He wouldn't talk to a gay family member. When asked in a radio interview about how he would have dealt with a gay teammate, he responded first to well, I wouldn't want him on my team.
And second of all of he was on my team, you know, I would really distance hit myself from him because I don't think that's right.
Talk about ignorance man. As if who somebody is sleeping with has something to do with their ability to play a game or their ability to be a good person or yadi-adi-adi.
You're dealing with the ultimate ignorance. I heard about 40 minutes, George came in about a 30 this morning, little later the usual George was good because he gave me a chance to hear a lot of the ignoramuses on the phone.
I had to wait for my turn in the bathroom while everybody was puking in there. Really?
Were they puking from Tim Hardaway or just puking in general? Just in general. Just in general.
That's the QFF in a way. So I will read this to email that your close personal friend Steven sent in a minute.
And I'm sure that they know and I could sit here and ramble on for the whole four hours about this because it's just stupidity.
Okay. People who don't know what they're talking about making stupid statements. And of course as always the media reacts is if, oh, you know, this is what Tim Hardaway said.
Well, who gives a fly and a fig? How do you like that? Who gives a crap?
Like my life is going to change because Tim Hardaway is some stupid ass homophob. Oh, here's Alex. What? Oh, look, this is a bit poor.
What occasion of the year do you expect to get more sex than usual?
Fallen times day? New Year's Eve? Your birthday? Anniversary? Or I want sex all the time? I'm voting for that bottom one.
Yeah, we need to add some there.
No way. Well, it's, but it's a good start for the poll. So to speak. How's today's poll doing? We're going to get the 1000 I think so because I don't have too much time to the 831.
Although it's not going over very big. They dislike it. When I, when I, what does it say? A war I'd have changed my religion or a lack of one. I prefer to become.
I hate this poll is voting 190, 20, 20%, I don't know what's wrong with this poll. Why does so many people hate because they probably make it fake.
That's why an atheist 137 agnostic 132 a Buddhist 124 a Jew 48. At least you'll be nice and cut clean a wicked 40 a Zion Catholic 39 a Catholic Christian 34.
What does that mean a Catholic Christian? Why does it say I don't get that? Why is it just a Catholic? A devil worshipper is got a Protestant Christian 23 a Mormon 12 a Scientologist 10.
And all I can say to those 10 is you're fairy a she had Muslim 7 a Hindu 3 and a Suni Muslim only to so we got 7 she has and two Muslims.
So who's going to be standing when it all gets done? Is the obvious question. What just happened there? All I got so excited another thing I played. I knocked it down on the audition line again. That's not good.
There's a marvelous place. Well, the wealthy people go. It's where royalty play follow and that's my line about.
Oh, right. Down there he goes on and then small down where they say help call and then they call them as a wall. That's why I like about.
Okay.
Oh, she built a public watches when shoes like a sore notches if you're clean that you touch us and that's what I like about.
We really don't know what you think you see how a dude who doesn't stay. There's no coffee only mocha.
And that's what I like about.
I'm not seeing all after all. I remember to play Bokeh. I only took one. I took 15 reminders.
What's that under in the DCS there? It's under Bokeh song. You ain't got it. Well, thanks. So get out of here.
Bokeh song. Bokeh Brian. What? That's right under Bokeh Brian's car. It's under Bokeh Brian's car and above bodies lie around in Joja. I have Bokeh headslot instead. Well, I'll be damned. Well, you're a little slap-out.
I'm not for you. I'm just. Okay. Anyway, getting back to Port Tim Hardaway, which everybody's all whipped up into a frenzy. I guess that must mean security.
Nobody cares about George Bush and all the dead people. And why should we after all this is important. So here's a email I got from my close personal friend Steven.
And he doesn't want to say this. The one good thing. There is some hope. And that is that I would say I'm just picking a number.
You know what I'd say under the age of 35 in America is that what you tell me because what do I know about under 35?
But it seems that more and more enlightenment. You know what I'm saying? There is less homophobia among like teenagers and 20s and maybe earlier.
Maybe up to 40. You are correct. People would have to wait until college to come out and now they're coming out right there in high school.
There you go. What is this thing from Deb? It says this is from the comments and the Palm Beach post about.
Oh, about the goofball Tim Hardaway. It says you know if Bible quote as much time making life miserable for red lobsters you do for gay Americans.
I believe there's a specific rule about shellfish. Am I right you quacks you'd have more credibility sorry any credibility and then Deb writes on it.
Absolutely correct. Thanks Deb. That's cute Palm Beach post. Yeah, that's right. Love's here. Those shellfish man. You're going to burn in hell.
Here's Billy who says usually when somebody a name calls or points fingers the hardest of gays they end up being the ones with the prettiest closets.
In other words, ten eight you're a fag. You're fair. Personally more gay people I see more women for me. Isn't that what you said to me before the show to them?
I've been saying it for years. At least more of the ladies for all you're only my point being that people say under 30 under 35 are less and less homophobic and really don't give a crap about who's a doing home.
It's it's old. It's all that it's like archie bucket stuff. You know and Steven is 23 and one of our fine my space people and he writes this morning he says Tim Hardaway hates you meaning me.
That's cute. You're cute Stevie says I don't know if you heard about Tim's comments yesterday on the Dan LaBaster show but it's all over the news radio here now.
He was asked about how he would feel about having a gay teammate and he totally went off saying I'd be totally uncomfortable and asked for him to be traded.
I distance myself completely I think that's wrong meaning homosexuality. It's wrong. It's bad.
Then Dan asked him if he realized what he was saying was complete bigotry and Tim replied. Yeah, I hate gay people.
I was actually close to calling the radio station this morning. Steven said after listening to all the callers stupidity almost everybody says he can think that way but he should have said it differently.
Others say he shouldn't have said that but the majority of America agrees and knows it's wrong. The Bible says it's wrong.
Then the people with brains are calling and comparing the gay situation in America to civil rights movement.
While the black people are calling saying you can't compare what they're doing what they are going through to what we went through.
They can go wherever they want and do whatever they want and being gay as a choice. Whatever they're going through is their own choice.
When I hear that choice stuff man I just want to punch somebody right in the mouth. Anyway God goes on to say God I'm so sick of these stupid ex being allowed to live and procreate.
First of all I think it's great that Tim came out and spoke his mind. I've been hearing people say that John and Michi is coming out of the closet now because it's convenient and he's going to make money out of it.
There's no reason he couldn't have come out when he was still in the NBA because nobody cares. At least now thanks to Timmy those people can shut off and realize that they're wrong and this kind of bigotry is still rampant especially in the sports world.
This piece each minute is gotten totally out of hand. It's the point where people think it's totally fine to feel however you want as long as you don't really say what you mean.
Listening to the radio this morning was great hearing all the closet bigots coming out. I think he said it the wrong way. He should say he disagrees with the lifestyle not that he hates them.
Being gay is wrong but you got to speak more eloquently.
What's the f'ing difference Steven says the way I say it at least he had the balls to come out and say he hates them unlike your sorry asses.
Secondly anybody stupid enough to think that being gay is a choice and that any human being would choose to put himself through that needs an f'ing brain transplant.
There is one of the great lines what I tell you about my buddy Steve. National honor society baby just like me. Only 100% had a recession.
He says secondly anybody stupid enough to think that being gay is a choice that any human being would choose to put himself through that needs an f'ing brain transplant.
And you are absolutely correct. He says I'm Christian and drives me crazy hearing people using the Bible as a tool for hate. A good majority of that book was written for no other reason and to control people and that's exactly what it's accomplished.
Unfortunately the will of Jesus has been thrown at the garbage for the sake of hate. Lastly the only reason gay people are allowed to go wherever they want and do all the stuff the blacks couldn't do during segregation is because the law doesn't allow segregation of any kind to any people.
Now if wasn't for those laws guaranteed there'd be restaurants and tons of other places where gays wouldn't be welcome not to mention every bathroom would be separate.
I hope in anyone with a brain unconscious hopes that what's going on in America concerning gays 10 to 20 years from now we look at exactly the same ways we now look at segregation of blacks.
I'm surprised to be honest that Bush hasn't repealed any laws just allowing segregation for the sake of allowing gays to be segregated against.
The fact that the government can pick and choose which couples have rights based on religion is totally appalling and vomits all over what our founding fathers did for every American in creating a country where those seeking refuge from persecution could find solace.
How do you like that? Is that well written or what? Showed a good stuff to you and couldn't say better myself. I just did I read his email. Nice going Pally.
It's a choice that's always the day. Oh you don't compare us to the blacks. We were born black you know.
What is this? Can you play the fraternity running naked on the beach call? I agree with George that phone call was much more amusing and enlightening than the worn out bridge tender.
I think it fits him with the days news. Well maybe that's coming up. What is that called fraternity fraternity hazing? Frank I call Frank I call. Oh man that's five minutes long too.
That's great. That's one thing we love whoever. It is one of the funniest calls ever in history. It is. It's perfect running naked on the beach with your buddies.
I mean there is so much factory going on among you supposedly heterosexual and this whole thing with this station and these idiots across the street. This sports talk radio all you jockstrap sniffers you crack me up man. There is nothing more than you people.
Oh I got Pete roses jockstrap from 1957 when he got his three thousand ten and I got good for you probably sniffing it every night when you're on under the sheets.
Sniffing Pete roses jockstrap. God not to make you want to vomit just like the OJ lovers there at QAM. Remember when we first came to that place couldn't believe what was going on.
If they were jockstrap no matter how many people they killed no matter how illiterate they are no matter how much hate they spew no matter how unacceptable on a human level they may be then Halloween we will get down on our knees and worship them. We will kiss both of their cheeks. We will kiss all four of their cheeks. How do you like that?
867 votes on the pool. Now how many I hate this pool? 23% how do you like that is that bad or what? I guess we better come up with a good pool for tomorrow.
Hey Gordon Lydia and they don't come any worse than Neil Rogers. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? I'm doing okay? Well you know I wanted to talk to you a little bit about this paternity business that you mentioned and they just wanted to ask if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends or what does that mean?
What does that have to do with this? It has to do with everybody's best friends. I mean if they have any friends at all sure. It has to do with a paternity and not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on but it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys.
I have two I have two best friends one is straight one is gay. I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked nor have any desire to do either one of the above.
Okay. Don't take showers with them. Don't step towels at them. All right. In the fraternity house we don't socialize by being challenged together. If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class he goes in the shower as well. It's not a question of socializing in the shower.
I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternities. We're talking about hazing and initiations and fraternities and group sex. I'll tell you about hazing and initiation. When you are when you're in the age of adolescence 18, 19 and you're trying to find yourself in college whatever it may college may be.
Maternities lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you. What I say like you I mean they like the same nature as they play the same sports. They're a group of guys together that automatically for some reason I can't explain why become your good friends for life.
Now when you have a good friend and like I mentioned to you when you have a best friend or someone who's a good friend of yours you share experiences with them and part of become a sexual experience.
No, well it could be two guys on a girl. It could be two girls on two guys. It could be in the bathroom four guys taking showers with four girls. The experience sexual or not sexual is irrelevant.
No, no it is not. It's not irrelevant at all. No, it is not. When you're in a fraternity your goals are to make friends.
Because you have friends so because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends doesn't mean a that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time and be certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them or that you have a group sex with them.
I belong to a health club and the health club that I belong to is a completely heterosexual health club. But the shower is a shower with six thoughts on it. Now do you think that I have to come part of that health club so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers?
I have no idea. Only you can answer that question. I will tell you this. There are plenty of guys who do but that's beside the point.
That's a bastion of homosexual activity even in health clubs. I do not go and join the fraternity. Don't sound offensive we believe you.
The point of a fraternity and communal showers and group sex and what not. What is the point of group sex?
The point of a fraternity and hazing and the point of becoming a whole another thing. What is the point of making another? What is the point of making the young kids get naked?
I will tell you exactly what it is. I will give you a straight forward answer.
When you belong to a fraternity and I will say it again, you belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life.
Why does that require them to get naked for you?
Let me finish. Part of the experience of having a best friend whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with.
If you share intimate moments, not sexual. When I say intimate, I don't mean sexual. I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who is not your friend.
This sounds so faggy to me that even I'm embarrassed for you.
You want to know what it is?
You are running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys. You are never going to share experience with anybody else. Not even your wife or your kids or any other friends.
Why would you run? Why would you run?
Not a bunch of naked with a bunch of guys. Why do you want to do that?
Hold on. Hazing is not a question of you. You don't have a choice.
Right. Right. And why do you want to force these kids to be naked? Why do they always have to take their clothes off?
My closet friend that hangs out at the showers at the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal?
I don't every day experience. People do not have an opportunity to walk around naked in order they should naked in here.
Stop, stop, stop, stop with the steam in the steam bath. Let's get back to the meat of the matter. Tell me why you want to see it make these guys get naked.
What does that all about?
It's a matter of respect. It's a matter of respect for what?
No, it's a matter of lack of respect for them by you.
It's a matter of lack of respect. If I respect somebody, I'm not going to force them to degrade themselves and embarrass and humiliate themselves in order to be part of my club.
If you're going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys, who says that?
I want to tell you this. I want to tell you this.
Without any more discussion, it's very simple. A child could tell you if somebody demands that I get naked in order to be their friend, I'll pass.
There's a good message for all your kids out there. If any other male, your age, older, whatever age, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked, hanky, panky in order to be a part of their club, in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a bandit, run like a son of a bitch.
That's the best call I've ever had in my life.
I agree. It was five minutes long, too, which I like even better.
In the 93 out of four, we're going to have 1,000 before 18 shakes of a lamestial. And you're president, by the way, still.
It not has a tail. He's still rambling on. I'm going to read one more sentence one more time from Steven Zimiel. He says,
anybody stupid enough to think that being gay is a choice. And that any human being would choose to put himself through that needs an effing brain transplant being put to the, I mean, I know what it's all about in high school.
Everybody's queer. You fairy. Right. That stuff. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be. I want to be.
And that would be a good choice. See, the thing that amazes me is that the bigoted people, the uneducated, they don't stop and think about, what, when did they decide?
Why, what point in their life did they decide that they were going to be heterosexual? When did the men decide that they were going to be attracted to women?
And I heard one really moronic call this. I heard several moronic calls on Kenny and both. And by the way, their responses were pretty bitterly disappointed.
But what do you expect? It's a, it's a job station, you know. Over the years, I've heard the comments and I'm not knocking the people individually, but it's just, it's what you're supposed to say on our sports station.
We got to be macho guys. We got to be real macho. We don't want to get into no-face stuff.
Even though the, a fag in the middle of the day has got numbers, they're like, you know, 80 million times what everybody else has got. And that's because not everybody is interested in sniffing jock straps.
Good, golly Miss Molly. But I hear these morons calling it about, well, you know, it's a choice and all this other crap.
How did you choose to be heterosexual? And the one caller talking about, well, you know, just look at the human body. You can see that man was made, you know, for a woman and the body parts and bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop.
And of course, if that's the case, how come so many of you guys are interested in your ladies? Right, how about that, huh?
Why is that any different? I guess that's not a sin. No, I've always wondered that. Why is it that particular kind of male sex?
And by the way, an awful lot of homosexuals, including yours truly, don't participate in that kind of, and have no interest in it. But they're an awful lot of you heterosexual guys who do.
So if that's the barometer, if that's what makes it so a repugnant, not nauseous, and let me say it again, as long as we're talking about consenting adults, if you're concerned about what other people are doing in their bedrooms or wherever the hell they're doing it, then you've got, you're the one with the problem, not them.
You've got a mental problem. You need like the email, say you need a lobotomy. You need help.
In addition to which, if that's the best you can spend your time worrying about is what other people are doing with their diddling business, Gary Lawrence, my general manager at the AZTA, is a good guy.
And he had a great line. I forget what we were talking about one day. Somebody in the station, somebody had some kind of issue. And he said, well, you know, every guy has got his banana business.
Yeah, and I thought that was I had never heard that line news that way before. And I thought that's about the best way of summing it up that ever heard my wife, you know, every guy has got his banana business. And that's true.
Yeah, but they're not a guy. Why do you care? That is correct. Why do you care unless unless they're, you know, diddling your wife or your sister or something like that.
Why should you care? And what is it your business? Right. And this business about choice. Let me tell you right now. I'll go through the whole story if you want, because I know from personal experience.
I knew from the time I was 10 years old, I was. I knew that. And I didn't sit down one day and say, gee, I think I'm going to be a faggot so the kids in school can call me, hey, you queer, you this, you sissy, you pansy, like that. Yeah, being Jewish wasn't giving you enough grief.
That's right. I didn't have enough problems already being ugly in Jewish. That's right. In a town by the way, candidate when New York, see, I can go through the whole story of my childhood.
And I threaten to do that the other day. I'm not going to do that today. But I mean, you know, there were just a handful of Jewish families in that town.
So being Jewish right off the bat was a negative in a city of 10,000, 10,000 people were just a handful were Jews. And then of course being gay.
Oh, forget about that. And that was back in the late 50s. I graduated high school in 1960. So the idea that anybody was coming out of the closet. And then as years have gone on, I mentioned my friend the day that came up here last last year, a little reunion. Yeah.
And you know, he told me about this one was gay and that one had, of course, nobody found out about this until many years later. So come to find out that there were many of the students in my high school, gay, who were gay.
But back in the late 50s, early 60s, there was no way in the world anybody was coming out of the closet.
So you had to put up with all the derision and all the, because obviously there were people who had certain mannerisms, whatever.
You fag, you know, you're a queer, whatever, like that. Why would anybody make that choice? Because there are pervert. And like I've always said in the show, you show me any guy who isn't a pervert. And I'll show you a dead man.
I've never met that person. Me either. And the idea that you're attracted to something based on a choice is so stupid, it's so ignorant. Open up a playboy.
Okay.
If you're 13 years old, male, young boy, open up a playboy. If you're attracted to that, if you brain reacts to it in a certain way, that's a physiological act.
Okay. That's a physiological reaction to what you're looking at. That's right.
And if you open up a playgirl and you see some naked guy in there and you react the same way, that tells you that you're gay.
That's right. It's very simple. When I was 10 years old, I was looking at pictures in sports magazines, Mickey Mantle, and Roger Maris. And I was like that.
I mean, I knew what I was. I didn't make a choice. There's no way you can make that choice. You are what you are. It's very simple.
And if you don't want to accept that, well, you're just stupid. That's all I can tell you.
Because unless you live it, you have no idea what it is. And I did hear a really good call. It was a Jewish guy who called me this morning on Kenny and Boise.
He said, you know, really makes me nauseous when members of minority groups. This is what always pisses me off. I agree with that guy 100%.
Members of minority groups who have been discriminated against grotesquely for centuries come out and express their own bigotry. That's pathetic.
You're dealing with somebody who's got no empathy, no rock monis as they say in Finland. That's you Tim Hardaway. You're a jackass.
But like Semba said, it's probably good that you open up your mouth and show us that this kind of crap still goes on.
This is why people call her in the closet and speak in a color. Wasn't Dave Collins of the Celtics didn't he finally come out of the closet?
Did I dream that Chris? Did I just dream that?
Dave Cowan, I don't remember reading. He was the coach of the Boston Celics and all the former.
I remember he was. I just don't remember seeing it or hearing about it.
Yeah, trust me. I just mentioned that in passing. But there are so few. If you had any idea how many gay athletes there are, 20.
If 10% of the general population is gay, then 10% of the professional athletes are gay. Just do the math as they say, whoever they are.
Well, last weekend when this whole thing with John and Michi came out, ESPN then talked to Barkley and a couple of the players. Barkley said, when he was playing, you know, 5, 10, 15 years ago, he knew 3, 4 players. But he just didn't care.
It wasn't a big deal to him. Yeah, they were gay. That was their lifestyle. It didn't affect him. So he didn't care.
They were attacking him in the shower. Exactly.
10, 57, a QAM.
Roger Shell.
This is your boy.
Any questions?
Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding.
Dear white folk, couple of things you ought to know. When I'm born, I'm black. When I grow up, I'm black.
When I get sick, I'm black. When I go out in the sun, I'm black. When I go out in the cold, I'm black. When I get scared, I'm black.
And when I die, I'm still black. But you, my white man, when you're born, you're pink. When you grow up, you're white.
When you get sick, you are green. When you go out in the sun, you go red. And when you get cold, you turn blue.
When you get scared, you turn yellow. And the happiest time of my life is when white people die, you turn purple. And you've got the damn nerve to call me colored.
Oh boy. How about just to begin it and stoop it? How would that be for starters?
Okay. Anyways, 11.03 at 5.60 WQM, we got mad dog at 2. He's back today. He gave you a power hour with hanging a mad dog together, 4 to 5.
Humper solo, 5 to 7. Then you got your hurricane hotline at Game War, 7 to 9. Any canine in midnight tonight. That's our agenda here at QM. That's the gate agenda.
Yeah, I could sit here and do the whole rant for the whole four hours. I'm not going to do it because I don't want to have any voice for tomorrow. I sure wouldn't want to do that to you. No, don't do that.
Oh, maybe we could play those Friday tapes, you know, that you were so crazy about. We'll play the same one.
But if there's one thing that bugs me, like I said, I don't give a crap what other people think about what I do, what I say. I don't care. I don't live my life for that. It's just never going to happen.
I think that was an act of self-preservation that kicked in somehow automatically many years ago. In fact, maybe when I came out of the closet on the year, December 17th, 1956, 1976, 30 years ago.
I didn't like that. In fact, we didn't have a big celebration about that. We got that big 31st anniversary on the year in Suffolour to come up March 1. I wonder what kind of presence I'm going to get for that.
Well, that's the way it goes. We'll have them in the party here in your honor. Yeah, call me when the party starts. Okay.
Call them when the party started. That's what Frato said. Remember, poor Frato? I won't see him no more. If he'd had just rubbed those beads a couple of more times, man, he'd have been okay.
I think he was rubbing him a little bit too hard. And the Lord was not looking fondly on Frato. Hey, Frato! Uh-oh. I won't see him no more.
916 votes on a pool, and they still don't like it. We get a lot of votes, but they don't like it.
Where I'd change my religion. Or lack of one. I'd prefer to become. I hate this pool is leading 213.22%. That's not a good sign. When more people hate the pool of any of the choices, that's bad.
An atheist 147. An agnostic 144. A Buddhist 134. A Jew 54.
You know, this is another interesting thing about picking religion. Now, how many people I'm interrupting in the middle of the pool, but how many people do think really select their religion?
It's the luck of the draw with most people they're born into. It's very, very few people have the cajons to like, you know, think about.
The question is there. Question is that's right. But most people don't exercise it. They are what they are, what they were taught to be.
A Jew 54. A Wicken 47. A Zion Catholic 40. A devil worshiper 36. Now we're talking about a Catholic. We got that Catholic, whatever. 35.
Eric kind of convinced that. A Protestant 29. You're protesting a little bit too much. A Scientologist 13. A Mormon 12. A Shiite Muslim 7. A Hindu 3. And a Sunni Muslim 2. All these Shiites and Sunnis line up at the door.
I made the best rag heads win. Let's see. Was that Ira Winderman on the phone? It sounded like him. It says, hey, Ira, you fairy. Now, what, what was he talking about? The fat guy calling for? No, that's a tape of a call from like five years ago. What are you talking about?
It was that I were wondering. I think he's trying to say David. He's like that. I was got a wife, you know, after that proves anything, but nevertheless.
Ira Windbag on the phone. Yeah, that whole thing about the fraternity is in the hazing and they all have to take their pantaloonies off them. We have a hockey hazing one too, which I'm sure that's probably pretty long too.
Where he talks about the rectum and all of that stuff. Oh, hockey hazing. Just before his 16th birthday, he cried out for the junior C team in February near Chattam, Ontario. Well, I grew up in Tilbury and I played all my minor hockey there.
And, you know, I would have liked to play in my hometown. So it was a good feeling. He made the team the Tilbury Hawks, but he soon discovered that he couldn't be considered a real hawk until he'd been through an initiation party.
I can remember the coach saying that well, he's going to get to know us better and, you know, we're going to have some fun. And, you know, I thought it'd just be a good time. I can feel more to players, more better.
You know, you're a 15. Yeah. What is it? What's a good time mean to the 15 year old? Well, just to get around, you know, meet the players, you know, play cards or, you know, just stuff like that. Watch TV or something.
He said that they would, they'd be staying there overnight because they, they didn't want anybody driving home that was drinking. And I, you know, my kind of assumption about that was I thought I knew there were some older players there. And I kind of figured that's sort of what it was about.
I didn't really give it a second thought. I know when I came home with my wife, we felt pretty good about it. You know, like it was a pretty reassuring meeting.
It was my first experience ever drinking. Scott never had alcohol before, but his first few drinks would leave a lasting impression. They played this little game of the funnel game, I think it was, or, you know, the poor beers in and you'd have to funnel it down your throat.
I mean, after that, I was pretty, pretty much wasted. The party was here, the home of a prominent doctor who is one of the team owners. Scott was shocked by what went on more so because there were adults presence.
Well, they brought two, two boys and at once and I made them strip and then all the coaches and managers and I started air with the lot of the veteran players and there are two beer cups lying in about probably 10, 10, 15 feet away from them.
They told us to do push ups with our general to go in the beer cup. They kept and took a marshmallow. I remember he had rubber gloves on and he didn't serve it into the players' rectum.
The player would have to squat over a cup and try and get it into that cup. If the player missed, he'd have to eat it.
Out in a room, there was a bucket with a string attached to it, hanging over a chair with two hockey sticks in between. They'd make the rookie tie to string, there was penis and then all of the coaches, veterans and I had eight-altral pox in a pale.
So the pale was hanging on the end of the string? Yeah, and it's from pucks in the pale. Yeah. A little weird. Yeah. The worst part, like what I saw was the train that they were sitting on one of the other rookies' face and that just is disgusting.
There's nothing on it. There's nothing on it. Well, I sure wouldn't mind anything to get it in the way. There you go. Good old sports, baby. They're good old hockey stories. See, I've been even these manly sports. Yeah. All this factory going on. Who's kidding whom? And like I've always said, I've said this for you and through my own personal experience. Those people who point the most and shout the loudest, those are the closet queens. Make no mistake about it.
There are some notorious ones. People pointing and screaming, fuckery, fuckery, I call this other crap. Gay at a Goober. Like Gay at Goober, there's another one here. And Joe McCarthy.
But in any rate, it's like very little teeny tiny baby steps. That's American society for you. Making little tiny bits of progress and this state passes a law of Massachusetts and then another one of my past along. The federal government comes on. Thank goodness that that thing is kind of like what all the people dying in Iraq and all the other crap going on. Kind of like going to the background except for the religious right along with the hate mongers.
You show me a bunch of religious fanatics and I'll show you a bunch of really dangerous people. Okay. Dangerous. Not to mention no names. 945 and to pull over this hour, we're going to go over a thousand. And I'm sure that Chris is going to get all excited when he sees that. Oh, definitely going to jump up. When he gets way 600, he's not going to jump up. By the way, 184 this is an impressive or what? Is that a record? At one not an all time record, but it's for years. I would say that's the only thing I'm going to do.
I lost my weight in years. Well, yesterday, in fact, I lost weight in my wallet too. It would buy well, I'm telling you that lately. It's not going to be a good idea. I can't find a good machine man. I'm think I'm not praying to the right to maybe I can pray to the Zion Coptic leader. Whoever that is. Who is that? I don't know. Even the Zion. Even though the most he voted for. Yeah.
Cowboy songs from the gay cowboy movie featuring. Home. Oh, home. Oh, on the range. Where the queers and the candle.
And my mom's don't let your babies grow up to be gay cowboys. Don't let them wear chats and lipstick and stuff. Make them play football and
get girls and such. And we'll wear back here in San Fran again. Where the women don't outnumber men. First I was afraid. I was petrified. And more. I can't think of Cowboy's best friend is a pony. Back the
girl and happy mails to you. Fund to stay at the YM. Cowboy songs from the gay cowboy movie. Sound.
It's 1117 at 560 WDQ AM. I can just imagine let's take a whole bunch of phone calls. I don't see any coming in yet. What do you know?
There's one more. Don't get don't get all excited. Just relax. Just calm down. Don't be a basket case like me. OK. Don't be a nervous. Well, you know me.
I'm an emotional wreck. Yes, I am a good guy. You're adorable. Oh, what's it to you? That's the bottom line. What's it to you?
Exactly. It's so stupid. And of course, when you do, you know, with jocks, you do, with people who are generally stupid. I've educated. They fake their way through college. If they went at all. And you know, never got a textbook stuff like that. That's the American F and way.
And when you go to like Europe, for example, and here as well, Canada, the difference in attitudes of all these social issues is so dramatic. Sure, there's a bunch of right wingers here. And we got Stephen Harper. And he made a feeble attempt to undo the gay marriage thing here. No, no chance. We're not going to have a revote. Get lost.
They won't put up with it. One thing I'll say about Canada, man. They will not put up with bigotry. It's just, you know, but I also say go back to the line in the email about about political, political correctness. Can you say it? No. And you know, if I don't like you, final like whoever, why can't I say that?
All these guys are getting a Jimmy the Greek through been a whole bunch of these people I got canned because they made some kind of comment. And usually, I have a stand the same thing. Usually this construed, but even if they were in the name of what difference does it make?
Is there a law somewhere that says that I have to like everybody or if I'm in broadcasting from a radio or television, I have to like all the black people, all the Jewish people, all the, you know, I'm Jewish and gay. Does that mean I like all Jews and all gays you, but I don't. No way Jose gay.
I'm telling you, it's just stupid. It's in it's idiotic, but everything's got to be politically correct. You don't want to offend anybody. I'm going to tell you if you're doing what I do for living, you don't offend anybody. You're not doing your job. Your boring is what you are like talking about ball games all day. Boy, you talk about boring.
Wow. Heavy duty. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound. I wonder how long it's going to take before we get. You know, you know what we're going to get and pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular right of the line.
WQ a.m. Hello. Q. A.m. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today? I'm great. Hey listen yesterday at the end of the show. Yeah, I about wet my pants yesterday. Whether whether that was intentional or not, that was great, man. Yeah, I don't hold your breath here again. I did. I went home with wet pants man. Did you? Yes, sir. I didn't have a comforter handy. I had a power when we were with the truck. That was done. That'll do. You know, you get you get that last. Yeah.
I'm wetting yourself. Uh huh. Hey listen, myself and another guy got called into a supervisor's office at work because we were burping and you know, yeah. And he said, well, it's a bottle of function. What can you do? I can't control it. I mean, I can't, you can't do a certain extent, but when you got a, you know, you got. Yeah, when you got it, you got it. When you got to go, you got to go and you're going 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular.
Wireless line. That was a Raspberry by the way. Joyce don't get all nervous and you know, bitchy and itchy just come down WDQ I am. Hello.
They need. Yes, sir backtracking a couple of weeks back here because I tried to call you like three or four times my phone's a piece of crap. Yeah, but anyway, nobody ever brought up the fact that
if they've left us because outlawed us up, everyone was pissed off at him. I couldn't live down there either. I'd leave. And second of all on the morning show. Kim and the other guy there, they have different degrees of big
a tree, which is acceptable to them this morning. They're saying it's him hard away. The great guy, but he just missed folks. Had he been a white athlete talking about black people. Yeah, they wouldn't have said that. They would have nailed his
ass to a crop. And now, the wall, right now, right and in closing, you know, not everybody likes everybody. If you pretend that you're 100% politically correct, you're a liar. Everybody's a race in some way. Everybody is absolutely
correct. And most people are liars that is correct. Everybody's got a problem with some ethnicity somewhere. Yeah, do your tips and chipsies white my mother. She's that way.
But okay, well, good luck to you, pal. Anyway, Neil, I'll take care. See you. Maybe his mother's a little far bison. Okay, here's these faxes that says Larry, did you touch base about the article about Charlie Christian, the local section in the some sign? He said, yeah, I already talked that yesterday. He said, leave the game. Ergis alone already. Does that make him gay? No, that isn't what makes him gay nature made him gay. Not exquisite. It made me God made him gay. God made him gay. The Lord made him gay. The Lord made us all. Here's Ellen got a good poll here. Yeah, the biggest Uncle Tom. I like that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that. I'm not going to say that.
That fits right in. Then we might have done something like that. It was 100 years ago. And he includes Tim Hattoware on there. And he says, I only put him on here to piss him off. Well, good for you. Well, that's good. Because Tim Hattoware sounds like he's pissed off and part of sounds probably like it was a publicity stunt over there by Daniel Bastard wouldn't surprise me. I don't put anything past those losers. Desperados. You know, oh, here's an ex-heat player. First of all, I ain't even playing anymore. Number one. And who the hell gives a crack is he like some kind of a sociologist now? Like we're supposed to pay really careful attention to what he says about fangs or Jews? Who cares?
But let me say it again. The bigotry that really bugs me the most is when you're a member of a group that's been discriminated against so badly for so long brought over here in crates from Africa and kept in slavery and ignorance for centuries and all of a sudden like, well, yeah, the Jews this and they are fangs that, you know, it really, it's pathetic is what it is. And then that's the only way to describe it. And the stuff I heard on the morning show this morning just enough to make me want to gag just puke, you know. Come right out and say it. Can't you see it?
And he, okay, I can't tell him what to say. But come on, tell him what it is instead of worrying about whether it's going to be politically correct with the jock sniffing crowd. Everything on this radio station ever since we've been here, I'm sure a long before, always has to be politically correct with the jock sniffing crowd. And wane this and wane, wane must have aspirin by now. I'm not talking about beer either. He must have red cheeks from all the kissy kissy that goes on. Just tell it like it is. Okay. That's one reason people
listen to the shows because they're not going to get a bunch of beaten around the old bush. So do I speak, you give it to him straight? Well, well, so this big or give it to him more like that. 5 6 7 0 5 60 Palm 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. The question today is Tim Hardaway, really an a hole or not as if we have to ask the question. I think I think the fact that the media makes such a big sentence about it. Like I said, who really cares what he, you know, he's in television's opinion. He don't like fangs don't bother me.
There's some black people I like. There's some black people I don't like. Like him. He's one of them. You know, he hates me. I hate him. That's for you. A little raspberry for it to me. Like I give a crap. Like my like my next paycheck is going to be dependent on whether Tim Hardaway likes gay people or not, whether he listens to this show.
And you notice one other thing I noticed this morning and listening for the 40 minutes before you came in. And they're talking about gay celebrities and gay people and people out of the closet. I don't exist. This show doesn't exist. My name never comes up in a conversation. Never got mentioned, which is fine. It's okay. But that's most interesting because we're not part of the sports fraternity. WKYM. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you guys? I'm great.
Good, but long time missing our first, well, second time caller. You know, I knew you were going to have something on the show about this, this moron. Hardaway. Yeah.
It's hard away the same one in front of me and Tim. Are they the same or are they brothers or no, no relation. No, no. Well, I got to tell you the homophobics are totally, all right. That's 50 years ago.
Yeah. Why don't they totally just dry up? You know what I mean? Well, he's living in the past. You know, he's out of touch with reality. You know, and I agree with that. The clack of the six element in the call, I think two, three calls ago. Everybody does have a certain amount of prejudice. Absolutely. And you got to get over it because we all got to look together. Well, you have to work to get over it. I don't think you're ever going to completely get over it. But you've got to try to overcome it. Yeah.
You have to recognize that you have it and you have to work on getting rid of it and stop being as stupid. Okay, have a great day, pal. Thanks.
George, however, will not work on his prejudice against gypsies. And I and you never even got pick pocketed by the gypsies like I didn't roam that time. No, I got robbed by gypsies. Not pick pocketed. They looted the house little by little. They looted it. They let's ludes be his. You probably know, it's, you know, convinced me that he was a friend of mine was stealing from everyone in the house when he was visiting before before we finally figured out what was going on.
And then now I have gypsy neighbors. So you're blaming all the gypsies for that because now I have gypsy neighbors and what if he would maybe maybe he was a Jewish, he maybe explains your anti-Somantis. Yeah, that must be it. 26 past. He left in a Q.A.M.
I need volunteers to dress up like hookers for an undercover operation. Hold it, hold it, hold it. One at a time. Now everybody can't go welcome home CBS.
Yes. Love a 31 at 560 W.Q.M. Tim Harkaway hates the facts. What are we going to do? What's America going to do? What is the world going to do now? Okay. Say set fire to you, but you're already claiming. Oh, that's correct.
Faaaaming. Magnum mistake, a booted. Yeah, that's that's I never really paid that much attention to hockey hazing story that hold you about the cup and hold it. Oh, man, talk about sick.
But that's a good manly sport just as Jerry Hilltie. You know, in other circles in rare occasions when someone you know this is in my younger days when someone would suggest something like that.
Everyone else in the group looks up in like they're a crazy person. Right. They all yell out for you. Yeah, but in fraternities and in sports.
This is the initiation process they have to go through to show that we can that you're stupid enough and you're desperate enough to be part of our club that you allow us to humiliate and degrade you to any degree that we possibly can.
And it always it always has to do with taking off the clothes and flailing the the gemnobles in the air doing something with them right setting them on fire whatever.
Just like I told you that time I'm in college. I'm in Michigan State and I'm in one not my room, but I'm in the room one of my friends down the hall and his roommate comes in and his friend his roommate is on the phone talking to his mother, father, whatever his parents.
And his roommate comes in and gets stands up behind him and unzips his fly and puts his goods on his kid shoulder.
Okay, I mean, okay, does that sound awfully gay? I thought like that. What is that all about?
Like you explain to the hockey hazing guy, you know, you've got good friends who've known for years and somehow that whole business never comes up. Yeah, and you're gay.
So well, I have, you know, some great friends and I have never seen them naked. I have no desire to see them naked. I don't take showers with them. I don't have sex with them.
And that's not what makes you a great friend. I mean, you know, right. What can I say?
Oh, no, you're wrong. The only fact that's all you want to do is, yeah, right. Whatever you say.
Dominic Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Is this Chris? Chris.
Neil? Yes. Oh, hi. Neil. I heard you talking and you were talking about the cops. Yes.
And my father was an insurance agent and the guy that was the leader of that was called Brother Love.
Brother Love. Hello, Neil. Brother Love. He was kind of brother Love Spongebob. Brother Love.
I'm a closet listener here and I don't blame you. I've been listening to you for years and I just figured that your throat was, you know, drinking that tea and stuff.
And I think you know, I bring that tea team into it. Anyway, just have a nice thing.
I see something, sir, because we don't know who you are. You're in the honest color. Have you ever had a homosexual experience in your life, sir?
No, sir, but you know, you know, what I have to say to you though? Yes.
Irish Catholic was an alter boy and went to parochial school all year throughout my life.
And I was lucky that didn't happen. But you knew what was going on.
I think so. One of one of the brothers who was the biology teacher. Yes.
Used to take a few of his buddies on these field trips. And he would tempt them with some pills and wine or whatever.
But luckily, I never went along. Good choice, pal. You never got tainted by a proper. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal.
Say how do a brother love? Wow, 939 votes on the pool by new will have over a thousand men.
We can sit back and just run out of sigh relief. All this pressure. You notice nobody is really calling about hard-a-weight.
No, that yet. I mean, maybe one, one or two. And what are they going to say to me? Okay.
See, they'll say to the jocks we have on here. And they can get away with it because they'll, I don't, I almost think they encourage it at some point, at least from what I heard.
But what is there to encourage? Bigotry and stupidity. Anybody that's going to tell me that your sexual orientation is a,
see, they even changed that instead of used to be sexual preference. And until not that many years ago, the American Psychiatric Association considered homosexuality a mental disorder, right?
Like that. I mean, the history of America when it comes to bigotry is just, it's shocking as what it is against women, against Jews, and blacks, and gays, and in the Hispanics.
I mean, any minority group, I guess, wasps are about the only one who've escaped the, you know, generally speaking.
Well, not if he asked them. Really? Oh, yeah. Oh, everybody gets preferential treatment.
Oh, I don't think they're going to get a hermitative action. And I can't get a job anymore because Catholics are not having any.
They hire someone qualified person to speak to me to quota. And, you know, we're the only race that's discriminated against, and openly anymore, they say.
Everybody hates everybody else. Yeah, at least it's equal anyway. WCYN, hello.
Will you be playing me with your brother? WCYN, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I just want to make a comment about the hardware thing. Yes.
You know, I'm just waiting for some queer to come out and say, yeah, he, me and him, you know, we have something going on.
Because I met him at a F.I.U. function that we had some kind of charity event for a school for on the privilege kids.
And he didn't look too manly handling the ball. You know, we're playing basketball.
Yeah.
So give me a break.
And again, you were right on.
He didn't pull it. He cupped it perfectly. Yeah.
Yeah. I've been wanting to say you'd be right on about the war and this crazy president. And, you know, just keep it up.
Okay, thanks, pal.
Thank you.
I'll keep it up at my age, not all of it easy. 990 votes on a full ride on the verge of a thousand, a verge of a major development of breakthrough here on the Neil Rogers show, who is legendary as what I'm hearing.
And especially without award now, that nominated for the award that piece of paper that you faxed me, that was very impressive with a great background.
Yeah, background should see it. It's like I'm construction paper. It is beautiful thing.
WQAM, hello.
Game, you go, Ania.
Yeah, excellent. All right. Beautiful job, pal. Excellent.
We win.
Multibandie. WQAM, hello.
Neil, how are you doing?
Great.
You know, I just got a little beef with you guys. You know, you're right ahead about the first amendment.
There's a lot of them well until somebody said something that you don't like. And then all of a sudden we got to shut them up.
And I say everybody ought to be able to say whatever the hell they want that we have to be too politically correct.
But that doesn't mean if you say something that most people find obnoxious, that they can't respond to it, sir.
Okay. So that's what he said. I find personally obnoxious, but he's got a right to say it.
He's got a right to show his fat ass to model the mother.
That is right to say it, man. Right.
I just did. I just got to say the same thing I said before.
And let me ask you something. Are you a person of color?
No, I'm not.
Okay. I just asked you because it sounded like you might have been, because if somebody wants to turn it into a racial thing,
it's going to be very unfortunate with me. That'll fall on you.
You said you were born with this propensity of 10 years old.
No, I wasn't born with a propensity. I was born as a homosexual male, sir. Now they're propensity.
They're born as terrorists. Who what does that mean?
Right. They're born as terrorists.
Excellent. All right. There's the color of the century. I rest my case.
They're born as terrorists. Well, we better get them.
We better get all the shmoth to him, man, before they grow up and he's staring through the bottom over there.
Yeah.
The bottom over here.
So are the terrorists. Sir, you know, your intellectual level on a scale of minus infinity is so spectacular that there are no words to describe it.
You and Tim Hardaway, I hope that you have a wonderful life together.
Maybe you can allope and find some wonderful bliss.
I bet you if I refresh you, we might be right on the verge of a thousand votes on the poll.
Not that it means a thing, but to me it's so, you know, I'm such an emotional basketball case.
Let's take a puke. 95.
I hate when I click in the wrong spot, you know, and it gets all blue and you can't read the numbers and stuff like that.
Have you ever done that?
Yeah.
I hate doing that. I hate when that happens.
How come you know if a defendant is a, sir, let me tell you this, I would take a q-tip right now, stick in my ear.
Correct.
Go in a rear and get some of the wax out of there.
You hear only what you want to hear. That's the problem with people like you.
You hear what you want to hear.
What did I just get to say in five minutes ago about political correctness?
If you don't like black people, if you don't like Jews, you don't like white people,
you don't like basketball players, gypsies, Hispanics, whoever the hell it is, you got to write to that opinion.
And you write to express it except in politically correct America.
And certainly not on radio TV when a newspaper or magazine magazine mine.
Because it will come in pillory your ass.
Hillary will pillory your ass.
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
Oh!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
F***ing bow!
Woah!
Now look what you went in there!
Feel the effort
Of two people
Don't worry, it's Harry Potter and the show has started
That's the W Armenians
That's when you watch Shro' addition
The Wall's finishing
I think he did very much right now. I never really heard that line that bit before but we wouldn't want to know about anything and we got a thousand and ten votes. Let's hear it. Let's hear it. There it is.
567. Let's have a lot more intellectual callers like we've heard. That's great. Yeah, that was really excellent. You're born a terrorist. They got the explosives built right in right there. And let me ask you this. What if you're born a gay terrorist? Maybe that's why they explode.
I'm going to come in as always tomorrow at about a 20. You'll be there at 20 a 30 whatever you drag your ass in and I want you to give me a verbal lashing.
I'm just an idiot. I'm just a moron. Well, you were telling me that I was already that was the pre-lash. How about the eyelashes you're making a gay?
Yeah, well, maybe I'd do my eyes a little bit of you know, yeah, plucked up seriously
You know with you it's parochial people, you know, put in the red states for example
These are people who never get far from the farm, you know
They never get far from the house or the cowl in fact they get pretty close to the cow in the sheep etc
and
So they don't really see what the real world is all about so they have all these preconceived I accept the question that movie
You know the fact that that movie because that's the hoopla deliberate no not the
You pick it on the beasties again. No
The cowboy movie
What that wasn't I've already forgotten the name of the rockass no rockass mounting yes the fact that that got so much publicity
Oh my god, this is a movie about gay cowboy first of all it was like I told you I watched it about maybe 45 minutes of it
Maybe not that much it had nothing to do with gay love or human love or anything at all in that category all I had to do with was rape
He was raped in the 10th era
I mean and of course this is what Hollywood does you know
It's just amazing the stereotypes that Hollywood perpetrates and and yet how many what percentage of people in Hollywood do you think our gay?
But 30% like at least 60 maybe like 60% and yet they continue to allow these grotesque nasty stereotypes to go on it's it's pathetic
That's and if you go back
What would the do Google for me making love with Michael on key and K Jackson now there was a movie that had like you know
It made some sense like like real living and breathing story not about some stupid cowboy
It was raping his buddy there in the tent in the middle of the night and again like I told you before the scene that I love is what what is it 82?
So there's 25 years ago quarter of a century that they were able to make a movie like that and anyway, you know
It was well received and there was no big hoopla or whatever but 25 years ago
And now they make this stupid ass movie that shows a really it was almost like cruising you know the Al Pacino movie
It was that violent and that grotesque had nothing to do with love and the summer ends there's summer of passion up there in the mountains
Hurting the sheep which they may be hurting the sheep or her and hurting each other
I mean I saw yeah, it was her in bad it was oh yeah, they near kill them and
And they they stand in front of the pickup truck and the other one like kind of walks away
Why do you got to be doing a you know like to and they just there was no emotion?
There was no not only for you love there was even like any friendship they didn't even like each other
And there's a big sentence about that when you go to the rest of the world man you go to like question
You're up and you see the difference in the attitudes. It's like you're in a different on a different planet
On a different planet nobody gives a crap about these things
But nevertheless what am I getting all whipped up about all excited?
I don't know
WQA and hello
Daniel yes sir
That book back mountain movie there was emotion at the end you only saw the first hour of it
There was true love between them
Yeah, you need to watch the whole movie you're a lorry
There is no chance in my watching them. There's a better chance
I'm gonna step on on my balcony right now and take a multi-story plunge and there is a my watch in the rest of that crap
It was a good idea to tell you see a pal
Oh
It was too over
He just raped him right there in the tent just ripped off his pantalooies and raped it at him right there and like oh
Wasn't that the moving yeah they were moving all right
There was a lot of moving going on a lot of grunting and groaning but other than that it's just
See I can't I already would have blown my brains out a lot of time ago if I if I wasted my time worrying about what the rest of
Uneducated America thinks about game people or about Jews or whatever it is
And of course being like you say Jewish gay and ugly and old. Oh my god
I got I got some of these drugs against me now. It'll be a miracle if I can get up out of the chair to a clock
I was that was really cute was corny
That facts from Larry that I started the show with yeah
That was cute the 60 and 70 80 year old man now he does all his bodily functions before 630 the only problem is he wakes up
It's seven o'clock. What's wrong with that
At least you don't have a sack. Oh, don't don't don't don't do it. W.A.M. Hello
But that guy's got the same bad joke that I've had probably for a different reason though W.A.M. Hello
Hey, I felt personally offended. I'm not gay, but I use body wash the screw you Timmy
I want to pay now. That's an interesting thing. There's Tim hard-of-way used body wash
What I might have to do that pole again tomorrow. We've done that before a couple of times
But I mean here is the 15th of February 2007. I want to find out since our audience is overwhelmingly male
Although we can put it on there like we have in the past. You know female would use a soap
Oh, yeah, sure and then after that we can do the the
And then we can have female
Males who drop the soap. Yeah, if you're gonna start with that trimming the pubes again
I'm gonna have to go out and get that razor again. That was that was extraordinary
Yes, that was really amazing to me
You got that I got you positive feedback from that little hole that this really yes
That was by exact people who were wiping tears away while
They were wiping something away me those loose hairs
This I'll be very honest with you. I'm not a hair guy. That's one of the other read. I've told you this
That's another reason that I can't deal with soap. I mean even I mean yeah
I'm in a shower alone. Is there anybody in there? I wish but there's nobody else in there with me, but
Uh if I see a hair on the soap I just want to take the soap and heave it you know sure just throw it away at least drop it
I don't want to drop the soap okay. I think that sounds like swishful thinking on your yeah
Yeah, yeah, I do not want to drop the soap
Although it does give a little slippery a time
And a hotel I stayed in Berlin the swish hotel swish hotel
The newest and most modern hotel in the city man
And it's a and it's got all these glass elevators. Yeah a little bit freaky you've ever been in a glass elevator
Yes, and in the in the rooms you got a stall shower
You know and just and of course the showers and most hotels aren't big enough to a drop
So because if you had a bend over real quick and pick it up you probably fall in your ass or wherever
No, that's that the body wash thing is just that's in a classic example
Of course, I don't want to start picking on your people again, but that whole macho thing man
Yeah, no are you worried?
It's just it's just amazing to me and again the different cultures like and I've told you this before
In Italy and in a lot of our Italian listeners would be very upset for my saying oh no, you're picking on me
I love the Italians. I love my Italian food. I'm German. I love Italy. Oh brother
If I had like a zillion dollars
And I could pick the one place. I mean I do like Berlin a lot on you say well
I'll come you came back early because it was like in the middle of February and I was alone in board, you know
But uh Rome man, I would love to live in Rome. I just love it there and the food oh
Even being the old diabetic that I'm in of course if I lose another 14 pounds to get down to 170
I'm going to tell you something
I may have to start taking some pictures pretty soon with a digital camera and put them on our website and on the my space page
Well, we were just talking this morning with Josh Cortis who wants to spruce up your wqam.com presence
And here we are with that dilemma again that you just won't take pictures no matter how many cameras people buy for you
Really while my computer expert friend who you know lives down stairs hill maybe when it comes up to now
Have them show me how to do the because I can obviously do the digital camera
But I like breezy baby do the thing on the computer and get the pictures on there. So I'll have him give me the instruction on that
Five different ways to choose from 50 ways to choose your driver. I see
56705 60 big citizen town about Tim Hardaway and ex-Jock man
He used to take naked showers with a lot of guys need snap each other on the tile and I guarantee those guys are checking each other's
They're checking each other out
You know that they pretend that they aren't
I know if I was in the shower Tom Brady. I'd be checking. I'd be taking a look
Close and personally you know what I'm saying? I'd be I'd be taking a peek
That was in that shower with Brady Quinn. I'm like oh
Lucky lucky there goes cookie remember when he used to say that look
He used to say a lot of things that didn't make any sense, but in retrospect he was just a great guy. I loved him
Didn't you like him a lot?
Renery yeah, I liked him fine
Oh, but not a lot not a lot. I mean he's dead now. Can't can you say you are you really are tough
You know they always talk about no seriously. I'm on the old emotional
What adorable? Whatever you call me how many time could he get pissed off and cuss you out?
Renery yeah never all right. Well, it's for me and you know, that's enough
Oh, you know, he did do that one thing one day because I made some comment about his show or about the Roger
Yeah, I come in the studio and Renery goes on he says our topic today
What can we do to improve the near Roger show?
Which I give mommy I was standing right there. He didn't do it like behind my back
It was funny and he did it. You know and fun
In fun he was a fun guy
There's nothing fun about him and then after we and after we came to the station man
He would call the couple of times and send us a couple notes. He's a good guy
You know this business is so full of a holes man
And you find to get a good guy like Renery who died like suddenly like I don't know where
What what's gonna happen if I just show who knows I'm old fart
Out of shape abuse my body with fat all my life no exercise
What's gonna happen like if I don't wake up tomorrow if I'm croaking a bed
Yes, we'll have a big fight over who gets the rights to your carcass and yeah, and where should be mario and everything like that
Because I want to chop you up and and auction you off on eBay on eGay
Chunk of neo it's very frustrating to me
But again I learned years ago although I'm still doing it
But I don't do as much as I used to
Bat my head against the wall to try to change people's attitudes
Just like the thing with a whole my space business you know
Oh, when you must have the hots for this one or that one you must want to
I
And you know something I just give up. There's no point in trying to convince people even my friends. You know
Oh, no, you might know I do not I may have no interest in that. No, no, I think you yeah, yeah subconscious everything is subconscious
Can't somebody have honestly
Positive feelings and vibes about another person without wanting to get in their pants
Oh, that all depends
If they got to pens I wish I would have had him a couple days ago. I wonder if my buddy Harry cases listening
How's it going Harry must be not over day over 90 now remember that time? No, you don't remember that time
Yes, I do you do sure when he did he was at my house
We did the show for my house when I lived in where the jack or and no, I don't remember that time
I remember him calling up a couple times. Oh, he did Casey. Hey, Harry
Good guy although he's to and he brought those of pasty of 18 or 19 year old kids, you know with bad or
Complexion of the house. Well, what are you gonna do? Yeah, I didn't do them. I'll tell you that but anyway
He here. Yeah, I did the show for my house that one time on Zeta
And Casey from Casey the sunshine van was there Harry Casey from higherlia. I wonder if he still got all that birds, you know
He had them big parrots and a cockatoo and whatever
Here's the fact that says uncle Ely George and her cat to put some
Sorry, there we go. Let's hear a little Casey. You know, I hate to say this. I don't hate it. It's it
I love this girl and not because um, hey, it was give great music
I like Casey in the sunshine band a lot
Yeah, they were big down here when I was a kid down here. I will survive. I'm still like what's geared now. She's no Casey. I'll tell you that
and
Don't say boogie man. That's got some bad connotations to it especially another we're talking about race and sexual identity
All this stuff. Let me tell you right now. Let me let me say again in the words of the great Gary Lawrence
Airby guys got his banana stuff. Yeah, if you're nose out of his banana, especially if you're very man-well
Oh, yeah, yeah, it's a Casey medley from now until the end of the show
We'll talk it up. Will you
That was pretty good. I used to have to chew you know. What the hell is this?
Please don't go. Oh, it's another gacy. This is not one of my you're better songs.
I love them all. You love all a gacy in the sunshine.
Couple skate in the right direction. Everyone really couple skaters. That's only a good one
That's pretty that's pretty yeah at any rate
It says we forgot to put sunbeam moons unification movement on the pole also if you like the guy co-pistyle caveman
Spire you should check out his website caveman crib.com. It's a real hoot caveman crib.com. My mom
Okay, so anyway my buddy out there I can you see you give some a little bit of publicity right away
To become a hambo and pretty soon. So it's going to want to be on the payroll
Although if he keeps sending them to you know, I'll tell you one thing emails and facts is I like a lot much better than calls when you agree
Oh, you can pick and choose now. That's right. You can pick it and choose it
This one is headline terrorists are born that way
Well, it's in response to that jacket. I was a very funny call
I would say that guy to make that guy yeah, I couldn't just like the guy with the uh the running naked on the beach
I'm gonna tell you but making sure you play that was maybe what five six years ago maybe more than that
They're hooking their boot. Yeah, and it's legendary
It's not as legendary as I am, but then again who or what is but that was just so fantastic
Nothing like running naked on the beach with your buddies. Oh, right. He's trying to uh, you know
Not make your point and he couldn't have done a better job. Yeah, he was uh, he was uh, yeah is what he was
In denial anyway, it says so I guess that guy was trying to say just like terrorists are socialized to be that way
Game people are too
Which means that while you were growing up your parents and the people around you didn't talk you things that make you gay
Just like how terrorists become what they are. We don't have to clean some of this up
Why don't you elaborate Neil? Why don't you tell the stories about your parents giving you naked can dolls to play with and finding other gay guys to come and wave their
Things in your face until you find a decided that even though he used to like the female love thing you finally see enough
Balls to turn the tide. Well, Ken doll was a smoothie
Then it if only they put a football in your hands movie to put the wrong kind of balls
And then he says one effing douche meaning that the yes terrorists are born that way
Okay, the checks in the mail Stephen you got your own segment now
You know how many people out there are hand bones are really uh, they just would love they don't have the balls to call
But they will send just keeps sending a good material. Okay, and not just him everybody send them a good material if you got any
Thank you so much by the way to Tim hardaway because you know, he made this so easy
It's like sliding off her especially for an old bag like me
And then that's why you'll notice more and more now I talk more about my feelings about different people
Like if I see somebody on television like that weather guy that I keep guiding other day
I don't see him back under anymore, and I think it's my fault
I think they were afraid I was gonna come stalking after him man. He was really high. Mm
But anyway see I do that kind of stuff and you know what if anybody doesn't like it go away that you know a million choices
Okay, that's offensive to me that's offensive me you know what good if it's offensive to you
That means you better start thinking about something and we have any little food for thought
Chew on it chew on this w-a-k-y-m. Hello
Yes, sir
W-a-k-y-m. Hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir
Micronary call from beyond the great for my classical my key early early day
If the step is a bar speak it a bar you get him to buy more from gain see the number
Forty and don't forget they got package deals
They got package deals. What was that there was some accrues line thing? They got package deals. Whatever the hell I was
Yeah, whatever one oh
My god. Oh, yeah lord handbone. Okay, Lord Stephen handbone here. We got a lot of handbones out there who want
You know they want the publicity. I want some attention. I'll give you attention five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
I'll be Verizon singular wireless lie
W-a-k-y-m. Hello
Oh, how sad just you know wave him bother W-a-k-y-m. Hello
Oh, boy, oh boy. I love you
W-a-k-y-m. Hello
Yes
Yeah, that was it. That was just it. Yeah, that was him that was him one of him him. Yeah, it was I'm not gonna say its name on the air
It was what it was W-a-k-y-m. Hello
Hey, Neil
Okay, when I ran from the cops I didn't run from the cops W-a-k-y-m. Hello
2 a-m. Hello, Neil. Yes, I think it's really sad that the men get so freaked out about if you know in the locker room
If some guy looks at him and might have a stirring down there because you know men in the NBA don't
Announce that they're gay until they retire but the women in the WNBA like Cheryl Spooops and Nancy Lieberman
They say I'm gay and they bring their girlfriend in the locker room. There's no problem. Yeah, that's it
Was lesbians are beautiful and great and gay guys
Those are lesbians are in and fags are still out of their
Furniture but his funny is part of this whole thing with some hard way is the fact that he's been in a locker room and I guarantee you
There was a gay teammate in there looking at his stuff. Oh
But he's thinking about that right now
I've never played the NBA and made all those millions of dollars. Yeah, but his car wash is open though, but they're not happy about it
His car wash? Yeah, his car wash you though
Yeah, I'll be down the one down in Miami. I sure hope no fags will run into that car wash. It's called the hand wash
See ya, so there are any straight WNBA players. I don't know and I don't care
I think if I'm not I'm not really interested in sports that are like it's like gay softball and
Ladies golf and all these yeah, I like sportswear. It's like some real athletic competition as they say as opposed to just you know
People are there because they happen to be gay like that
You know, I mean
We're sports real athletic competition like hockey players like the ones that put the marshmallows in each other
Right, that kind of stuff. They get the kids on the bus and like have their way with them
Probably it's past new and at 560 wq. I am
What was that for Casey?
Well, you're obsessed with Harry Casey
Good stuff every now and then you see him like on TV like it news or something
Like a lot of pancake a lot of pancake makeup and a lot of
Looks like that you can do it. It's a good idea man. It's really good. It brings back all the good memories
Because when you get to be 90 you try to like start singing you know on your own
It'll be like me trying to do the show here. What I'm 90. Hello. What's going on like that? Yeah, I don't think I'm ever gonna be like that though
There we go now we're talking. That's the way I like it. I heard it way. Yeah
A lot
Game
Talk about homophones. Oh man
Just obsessed when he found out that Raymond Burwisky. I thought he was gonna put his wig
Very nice. It was nice. They done nice talk up their old queen
Providence past noon at 560 wq and holy macken on this is Joe born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority
Neil god
Oh
So come you're banging on my card door you can have him you need
She will drive all night to up to you and wear a diaper so she don't stop to poop crazy woman
Stay away
Hey
Probably teen at 560 wq. I'm so if you two day late if you've been sleeping if you've been hiding under the bed or under a rock probably good idea
But anyway Tim Hardaway says he doesn't like gay people
Cross the street yesterday a hardaway left wing right wing. I think right wing would have been more appropriate when you oh
Yeah, hardaway right wing
As a right wing a hole and guess what to me. We don't like you either. Okay. Is if uh makes a difference
I would know him if he walked in here right now with a big basketball on his hand. Yeah, my parents used to give me like a
Barbie dolls
not
You know the thing that really gets some people it's like it's I think that's why a broadcast smiling was like so
Shocking that so many stupid people. Oh, these are cowboys. These are masculine guys. It's Jake Killin
What's the other group balls name? I can't take of his name the other right. Heath ledger. Heath ledger. Yeah
Much to do by nothing by the way, but anyway, oh these these aren't like pansy fruity guys and hi
How can they be I have a friend in this business who never worked in this market
But anyway, I'm not gonna use his name on here. Well just use his first name Frank
Any work with me in East Lansing. He worked with me in Sarisota and he's been I think he's still in Orlando
He's been on the year there for years. He's a news guy and
Anyhow he's
Okay, and it probably the most deep voice the most much of looking guy with a mustache the whole thing
I mean he looks like the moral broo man
Mm-hmm, but the stereotype is always like the and of course the meat is a great job of that and Hollywood especially
It's always the limperasted pansy, you know like the real affected. You know, I'm talking about the German completely
Do it with every minority that is correct except always
I beg your pardon. Well, they don't stereotype Jews in Hollywood because they all are
That was a joke
What'd you say?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 in the Verizon singular wireless line. Let's hear it again the terrorists are
Yeah, they're born that way born that way just like gaze or born that way or whatever that and gay terrorists look out for that man
They are really
WQ I am
Q I am speaking
Yeah, yes, ma'am
Hi
And you're the best
And Neil Hardaway has a unit bro
He lost the game when we almost
Championship in late 90s for us the short little year brown. I
He is a very bad word it will consume him
Okay
I think he's gonna burn in hell is what I think and boy there'd be a lot of burn left there to burn you know what I'm saying
What was she was she like talking to a strainer or something or like?
Oh, is that all the time like he was in her own?
He had been through a strainer. Wow
Tell us she had her own studio there. She had the monitor turned up too loud was in her own feedback
Everybody's got their own show going today. This is good. I know I'm the one who gets the paycheck and everybody's a right material for me
And I got their own a sound the face. I think I yesterday that had
That's I Hillary phony parade going on the protest that was good
WQ I am hello
So being gay isn't a choice no, it is not
To me so you don't you don't choose to be that way no
Okay, when did when did you decide to be straight?
Oh
When I went for purity and realize that I like girls. Oh you're well way man
You realized you liked it even decide that you like them. You realize that you like them
It wasn't I came to the decision and no no. Yeah, it's not it's not a decision
It's a realization you realize that you were attracted to the opposite sex
I
Decided I like girls and that guy you decided you like guys you like guys soon you want to keep changing the word
You said you realized not decided you realized okay? Of course I could sit here and talk from now till midnight
And you're like I just keep dog chasing it still keep repeating the same thing. I had this conversation with them
In other words you asked them are you attracted to guys?
Because
Then it's a choice yeah, that's right if you're attracted to both sexes and you decide to have sex with women
Then you made a choice that's right. That's a very good point. Hey, let's surprise George on the head
He's not doing too bad. I said I had this conversation with people. Oh, it just wears me out
I said I don't really give a crap if you want you know if you want to come up with excuses whether it's the Bible says the Bible
Also says that disobedient children should surely be stoned to death
Okay, so the idiots that wrote the primitive crap 5,000 years ago if you're gonna try to use that to tell me how to live my life
I say screw you is what I say I say get yourself some help
And that's what the whole world needs today right this moment is some help from all these religious nut jobs
Their Bible says this and this one's Bible and even the ones that got the same Bible who interpreted differently like the
Sunnis and the Shiites well Muhammad did this he wiped with his right hand the way he wiped with his left hand
Yadi yadi yadi all this silly crap
Just open up your brain okay, just be more of accepting person suffering about judging other people
W.A.M. Hello
I can play music
W.A.M. Hello
Neil yes, sir
Yeah, the idiot on the press conference yesterday was saying we don't fight the terrorists there will be fighting them here
Oh, we're doing that again. Yeah, does that make any sense? No
And I'm on a material okay
There's a bulletin for you. We've only heard that how many Zidian times
Yeah, for that. I don't fight them over there. We'll be fighting them here because we know the Iraqis of course way from industry
To us not
The plane's in after all right now of course now that we know that now we can go and nuke them into a submission into oblivion
And people are worried about you know Tim Hardaway says that he don't like gay people well
Guess what you know Timmy you're a moron you're an idiot you're a dumb jock and that's you know
It's just the way this so consider the source. That's the way I look at a lot of things in life. I consider the story dumb jock
Yeah, there you go even Jennifer in his on home. How's Jennifer doing by the way we were here from her
I'm from her lately. Hey call or write Jennifer. Yeah, keep in touch with us Jennifer
There's another one of our fine people from IOD Jennifer Rem
Yeah, there was some people over there we like not Roger Magdalene though you hated him like poison
Because he tried to get your job ten times and it was his fault that we're nearly cussing out too, but never the last one there you go
Hello, yes sir hello. I do I go the next the next step for Tim Hardaway is gonna be rehab
Yeah, after that he's gonna find God. Yeah, he's like
Yeah, I've heard in all these other guys I have a request Neil. Yes, sir fire having Chris go please
Cats in Chris go. Yes. Thank you. Okay. I'll do it and I'll play it. I'll do both
5 6 7 0 5 60 I might want to play that now. You know kid out of the way cats in Chris go if I could find it
Well, I'm quick man. I'm top of it. I'm good
You fail make them
Miss
Guy
your cat's a telescope maybe because it's gonna get you icey done and your
poop is gonna start inverting and you're gonna be pooping your bets out what's
the forum holiday come on that's in a couple of weeks is there we got
for coming in the home and touch they're gonna be turning your kishkis inside out
is it is it what marches we can march i do believe march one through the
i thought forum was only one day i do believe but i think that uh... we
corrected me on that
you better start knowing your due holidays mister i had that uh... calendar
back here somewhere i got in my under the tom Brady picture up there
i sure don't want to get that thing out today everybody all looked up into
a frenzy
uh...
when is it is on the counter winner he can find
now i know uh... thing for uh... when you wait all right and developing
story and holiday
oh you gotta see the medical
and their
warrants
the body is decomposing
point and a cool slowly composing
oh man i can smell it all the way up here all that's bad news
i will say this though you notice that the good news is that we are just
very little about that all of a sudden last time maybe twenty four hours
huh
maybe there's hope after all i doubt it but just maybe there's a little bit of
hope
thousand
ninety three votes on the four we have eleven hundred plus
right eventually do twelve today that'll be really something
even though almost twenty people said the audience hate this poll they hate me
they hate fags and they certainly hate this poll
Pulling off her plan, rolling in the Lincoln
Being Terry was thinking
She was driving, driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver
She was driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver
Looking to his special friend in her surprise sheet
One way we went to see
And they'd be keeping us in a hurry
Where I is for wildly bugging
Stalking to herself with all the windows down
Cause we're tyrannic, falling like psychotic
Violin on the lake of like a second crown
We're rolling in the Lincoln
One there is, she can't drink it
She was driving, driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver
She was driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver
Looking to his special friend in her surprise sheet
One way we went to see
And they'd be keeping us in a hurry
We've been down the floor in a fun fight
We've been in it, how much she wasn't all right
Colleagues and not expecters
To pull her out of a lecture
All of the habits, strangers for your faith win late
We're rolling in the Lincoln
One there is, what she's thinking
She was driving, driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver
She was driving, driving, driving, driving in a diver
Looking to his special friend in her surprise sheet
One way we went to see
And they'd be keeping us in a hurry
And so a lot of the Hungry Rosts
are supposed to do our duty, right?
That's all about that's what they told us in the Scouts
I was in the Cub Scouts by the way
You'll have, you know?
Yeah
You know, that still makes me straight
You know, the guy that called a minute ago
He without realizing it because he was a jerk
Without realizing it, he came up with a very good couple of words there
Decided, yeah, and realized
And he started it with, he said he realized that he was attracted to the opposite side
Of course, it is the words
And we all realize the same thing
Right, you realize
In other words, if you're sitting in a mall, let me give you an analogy
You're sitting in a mall on a bench
And, you know, it's a crowded mall
Like the Eden Center here
And there's a whole bunch of people mozing on by
And you look in your seat certain people
And you go, you know, for example
We've had the argument the Zidian Times about, you know, and not an argument
But the observation that I can tell a really hot-looking chick
As well as any straight guy
Believe me, I have excellent taste in human flesh
But because I can see that she looks great
Doesn't mean I want to do something sensually
Because it doesn't turn me on
It doesn't have that biological effect on me
And yet, if I'm sitting in the same bench
And I see some hot-looking young guy
I'm going to go
Like that, you're kind of like Ms. Foley
Right, that's right, that is exactly right
In fact, if you were, you know, the Kinsey thing
They hooked up electrodes to guys' genitals
And they measured the response to certain stimuli
You're pointing about that?
No
Well, you should, I mean, you're supposed to know everything
Well, guess what?
So there's something for you to look forward to is reading about that
And how they hooked up these electrodes to their genitals
And they were able to measure accurately
How they responded
The very estimated rely
Okay
And it's the same thing
You don't decide
You realize that I'm sure like that
That's sexually appealing to me
It's not a decision that you make
You don't sit down one day and say
Oh, I think I'm going to like get Playboy magazine
And get all worked up about that
And hide that's not a decision that you make
You don't sit down one day and say
Oh, I think I'm going to like get Playboy magazine
And get all worked up about that
And hide that thing under my bed
No, nobody does that
Nobody decides on their sexuality
It is what it is
Right
And this business like we're talking rocket science here
Oh, how many times did he ask me the same question
You didn't make a decision or I did not make a decision
It was just the wheel
Just like it was for you, sir, okay?
Just like it was for you
And it's like
Oh, well, I can't understand that
Well, you know what? That means you're stupid
You have total stupidity
You're an idiot
You're a moron
56670560
Realized and decided
Think about those two words
Okay, did you realize what it was that turned you on
Or did you decide what you were going to be attracted to?
I mean, that's got to be one of the most stupid things I've ever heard in my life
You decided that you were going to be like into whatever, you know
Well, they gave us this catalog
Yeah, we look through it
Here's catalog, I sure hope not
JC Penny
Oh, if you're ever out there in the...
And they told us to pick it
You know, an underwear ad for an underwear model that you wanted to do
There you go
WQAM
Hello
565505
QAM
Is it the 565505?
Yes, sir
Yes, sir
Neil, how are you doing?
I'm not sure why Timmy doesn't like the gaze
Because he's got a tiny smi-core
56670560
Palm 560
And they've arrived in Singular, wireless line
Sack!
WQAM, hello
Sack!
QAM, hello
Neil, I have a question about the accident you had a few days ago
Was that on the air or off the air?
The accident in my pants?
Yes, that's right
Was off the air?
Off the air?
What do you mean was it on the air?
In other words, that I sit on the microphone and make sounds and stuff?
No, it was not on the air, it was not during the show
Oh, because it would have been funny if it was on the air
Yeah, well, it was pretty funny off the air
Yeah, it would have been funny if it was on here
See what you can do tomorrow, would you?
Yeah, I'll work on it, okay?
I'll go out and get something with a bunch of sorbetolins
See if I can have a little something on it
In fact, maybe you can stick your nose up to the speaker in your radio
I'm maybe even sniffed
I'm sure he's already doing that
Have a nice prune Danish
Oh, that might do it
Oh, prunes!
People that eat prunes like speaking of a humontosh and those prune ones
Get the ones with the poppy seeds, maybe the nice fluffy ones
And those little triangles, those little rocks, man, they're for go-am
Believe me, me
It's probably a terrible spot
Don't forget if you're born a terrorist
Yeah
Too much to a desi electric prunes
Yeah
Yeah
1969, I would say, 68-69
In my life
Oh, close!
See, I started backing away from the rest of 1968
And I was gonna say 67, I mean, a second
Not
I'm right on top
Can you make it to the end?
Hey, Dale
Yes, sir
So, walking on a street one day and I decided, I think I'll be gay today
You know, that guy is so stupid, you know
Yeah, and by the way, I'm gonna say
He's equal scout, you think they take the pin back if they knew that?
Yeah, I'm sure they would
Uh-huh
I can't say they were they'd pin it
Back to them
Uh-oh
Hey, Neil, I love your show, thanks for making a cloud
Thanks, Pally
Bye-bye
Yeah, the Scouts, of course, they had a whole big thing about the Scouts
They don't want no fags in there
And all the play just imagine all the places where there is
Fagory going on, okay, like in the Navy
Hey, it's just, I mean, we were talking about that Georgia night before the show today
All those semen out there, I know ships for months at a time
You can only begin to imagine
And remember, it was olden days of sea-faring where it was considered bad luck to even have a woman on board the ship?
Really?
How gay is that notion?
Well, that's your sound
Baaaay me
To me
Well, they don't want the ladies interrupting the ladies
How you doing with the ladies is your rosewoods, right?
That's a good lady
Oh, brother, you know, why can't you just, you know, get a life, follow your people out there
And including Tim Hardaway, talk about a lifeless jackass
You're an A-hole Timmy, believe you me, I don't care how many millions you got, I don't care how many slam a jam as you did
You're still a jackass, you're goofball
And, you know, I might even come in and listen to some of, I'm sure I won't, but you know, I'm almost tempted to listen to some of the repartee on the station
Because what I heard this morning made me want to gag
So much stupidity and of course to rejoinders, the comebacks to me were like, I mean, what is wrong with you people?
I mean, you're listening to Swill and you're sitting there like, well, you know, but it would be a bit of a bit of a bop
But he never stole a freight train and Timmy, see, anybody that ever wore a jack strap on it, 20 hours a day on this radio station is a hero
They can do no wrong
Just like OJ, if they, you know, that's what I mean
That's what I mean
And then lost some money in a brown paper bag
Now, for the Stiffwood Heterosexual Counseling Center, the reverent Ted Haggard
Hello, friends
You may remember here and about me a few months ago, when there were some nasty rumors involving me in a mail-ass court
Well, it turns out, I was just confused
After working with the trained professionals at the Stiffwood Heterosexual Counseling Center, I can probably say, I am 100% straight
That's right! You'd never catch the wherever Ted Haggard sharing a Snickers bar with another man until our lips made in a kiss
Of course, if I was stranded on a desert aisle with my state, Brad Pitt, and we had no food, and it turns out Brad was hiding a Snickers bar
And I called him eating it, and I started mowing on the other end in my left accidentally brushed Brad Pitt's lips well
That wouldn't be gay, right?
What was that? Oh yes! Nile, that I am 100% not gay, 100% I can lay a normal lie, not tormented with thoughts of sweaty shirtless young men
And I can do 100% normal stuff, like drive through my neighborhood, like I am Nile, checking out the chicks
Hey, baby, going out and getting lunch, but I am cured!
Welcome to Terry Queen, can I take your order?
Yes, I would like the footlong hot dog with mustard and veins
The Stiffwood Heterosexual Counseling Center, when you need to claim your Homo Nomo
Isn't that what the Carly Simon was saying, you're so veins? It's 1246, 14.1 mq. and here's some good news
Finally, well, we're still going to be pressing things around, and of course we got that jackass Tim Hardaway, got more about him here too now
But here's the good news, Keith Oldman will continue to be a Thorne and Bill O'Reilly sign for at least four more years
That's the best news I've heard in a long time, I love Keith Old, he's the best
Now you watching him now? I'm out down on MSNBC 8 to 9 p.m. nightly
I watch when I remember, and then when listeners send me YouTube clips of something really good that he did, I watch that
And he is the very best
NBC News announced today it's agreed to a second term with the MSNBC Captain Host who's contract was due to expire next month
The extension will take me to 2011
Besides feuding with Fox News channels O'Reilly, Overnons become a liberal hero
He has seen his ratings increased and sloshing a series of anti-bush commentaries late last summer
His prime time program averaged 715,000 viewers in January, according to Nielsen, while his audience is often less than a third of O'Reilly's
Same time slot, Overnons viewership is of 85% over January of last year, nice going, Keith
Overnons will also contribute occasional assays to ABC Nightly News and there will be two prime time countdowns, specials year on NBC
I'll send NBC News president Steve Capis
I wonder if he's kind of the Charlie Capis, doesn't spell the same way
Remember poor Charlie Capis? Who he died? Poor Charlie Capis
He used to be a program director at one time at WNWS, who was in a wheelchair
I remember what he had to be very honest with him and he called me up one time and said, you know where I can get a liver?
I'm very serious about that, that's a bummer of a phone call
Yeah, I said not really, let me look at the refrigerator
I've been overwhelmed and I remember some guy calling me up, some old red-nucky guy called up and I'm like, oh poor Charlie Capis
I mean, you know what I said, Charlie was an ice guy but poor Charlie Capis
Wow, isn't that amazing the things that you remember?
The things that you can't remember are probably the important ones but I remember all kinds of crap
I've been overwhelmed by some poor for this newscast, both inside NBC and among our remarkable viewers, Overnons said, let me say it again, if I recommend one show on your television said, that is the one
We all do respect, into my friends who like their wrestling and all that, Vince McMahon and all that stuff
I'm in a Keith Obermann kind of frame
Boy is!
Right, I'm drinking a little more tea now, good
Scalding a hot, anyway here's the update on the Timmy Hardaway
Hey Timmy!
You're fairy!
Sully Person
The NBA today removed him hard away from its all-star weekend activities
A day after he said, I hate gay people in a way to envy with a Harold's Chief Sports columnist
The NBA cancelled all our Hardaway's assignments this weekend, including an appearance as an NBA legend at the YMCA of Southern Nevada
and participation in the NBA's community caravan leading up to Sunday's all-star game in Las Vegas
It is inappropriate for him to be representing us, given the disparity between his views and hours
NBA commissioner David Stern said a statement issued by the NBA
I think I already read that before but let's do it again, kill some good time
Hardaway you shouldn't apology several hours after making comments on the Dan LaBastard show on 790 The Ticket
That will teach him to go on that stupid ass station
Yes, I regretted he told Channel 7, I'm sorry I shouldn't have said I hate gay people or anything like that
Too late!
Members of gay organizations reacted swiftly to Hardaway's comments
Obviously I'm disappointed in Tim Hardaway being that Tim Hardaway was one of my favorite basketball players had done Al Morris
Manning Director of Black Gay Pride of South Florida
It creates a hostile environment for any player contemplating coming out of the closet
I think all you fags, all you closet fag athletes should come out this weekend
Come on!
Coming out of the day this weekend just to stick it right into Hardaway's face, all of you did he might like it
He added for tend to be a person from Miami where there was always, has always been a diverse community perverse
He should have been more sensitive to his environment
I've always looked up to Tim as a leader for him to take a stance that way really hurts me, he said
It hurts
Steve Atkins presentably did gay unless being chamber of commerce at Hardaway's apology makes no difference
It's a very simple process to say no, or I'd rather not comment, that it go on to record make malicious and bigoted statements atkins said
Let's just say that I'm very disappointed that if someone in this day and age has these kind of feelings
They're not intelligent enough to keep them to themselves
Beyond that there is no place in our society for that kind of hatred and bigotry and of stories Steve said
Hardaway played for the heat from 95 through 2000, one has owned several businesses since retiring, including a car wash establishment in the game
All of that's what that lady was talking about
And a chicken wings restaurant and coconut grove
Hardaway played for five things and was a five time all-star averaging 17.7 points, eight points to a suit asists underline the as part
Well I guess if he hates gay people he should have won any of you gay people of patronizing any of the businesses
Probably get your car wash someplace else and I don't know if he still got the chicken wings to it
Sounds kind of chicken-shmit to me but nevertheless
So that's the latest on that written by Barry Jackass and Steve Rothhaus at The Hero since this is a major breaking development which is sure a lot more exciting than the Annamarie's body
And in a cool way I call it Annamarie
How is Annamarie by the way?
I haven't heard from her in a long time
Really? What's LA disappear?
Are you serious?
Yeah
Anybody doesn't know who Annamarie is?
She did some great breaks with Book of Law
Join the Annamarie suits your guns today
Have yourself them down on Christian fun
Like that, that was one of them
She's a real sweetheart and George had the hots for her by the way
I don't know whatever happened there or if anything ever did happen
I'm sure we aren't going to hear about it here on the air but nevertheless
Oh wow
Now did I say something wrong?
What?
Yeah, I don't think I said anything wrong
I just said that you had the hots for her
Are you watching TV here?
Yeah, right
You like her a lot
Oh, I did like her a lot
Your school does not listen to this show, okay?
Sure she does
Sorry, Crystal, don't not look into creating any more problems
Anymore than the obvious one
Yeah, whatever
You know, you liked that whole thing with you
You know, so exaggerated
How long have you been married?
We've been together like like 20 years
How long?
19 years
Emory 1 about 10
Five minutes
Oh, seriously, how long?
Is that a bad question? How long you've been married?
No, I'm just
We've been married like 10 years
Yeah, I understand you were living in Sydney, there are a lot of people
Living in Sydney, there's nothing wrong with that, I mean, up to whatever you want to do and whoever you want to do
That's one of the things that we hadn't commented with the whole concept is Hoki
Hoki?
Marriage, yeah
No, I see
Well, it's probably not a really good idea for a lot of people, I would say that
What's the suppression with Hoki?
Yeah, and especially since the divorce rate is well over 50% right now
Just living together is a really good idea, you know
And then if the bitch gets really sorely, it kick her ass out, I guess
That's right
70 QIM, hello
Hello
Yes
No
Yeah
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good
Hey, I had a good call a couple days ago
But I guess you wasn't feeling well, you're talking about the NEO's trip guide and letter of report paper
Yeah
Yeah, company working force set in the over to Torino, Italy
Oh, right, Torino, that's kind of an industrial city, I guess, Northern Italy
Is it?
Is it the Ben there?
No, I've never been there
Let me tell you something, sir, any place you go, now when are you going?
Not this time of the year, right?
Yeah, that's the problem, I think it's wintertime over there now
It sure is
I mean, any difficult tourist place?
I've never been there, no, it's not a really a tourist place, Torino is more of an industrial city in Northern Italy
So dress warm and have a good time in mind, your mind, your man, I'm sure the food is wonderful there, like it all of Italy
Well, I sure wish I had like a zillion dollars, I would just travel from the northern tip all the way to the bottom of the boot
I would go from Torino to Sicilia to Palermo and then Codione
I really, I don't know, it's kind of silly, isn't it?
See how hard our minds are affected by what I got for the business?
I mean, what would be the reason as a tourist that you would waste your money and go to Codione?
The big brother brings along a nice side of Lake Sturgeon
Just to see the scene of me, you know what I'm saying?
You're built there, what?
No, just to say, I'm not interested in impressing other people
And believe me, I do a good job of that, I don't impress much of anybody
But, I like to encarmel, I remember I won, what is that call that?
Is it the West Coast Highway in California?
Okay, I believe it
The West Coast Highway?
No, that's it, very good, you've been there, how crisp?
Yes
And I drove through Carmel
And you remember the movie Play Misty for me with Clint Eastwood, Entered at Jessica Walter, which is Carmel by the sea?
Carmel, that's what a beautiful place been in, and apparently you drive on that same highway
That was very much featured in that movie, it was just beautiful scene of me
That's a good movie, Play Misty for me
Jessica Walter, now what was her name in the movie?
Oh jeez, I can't remember what the character was
But, who else was in that?
Oh, jeez, the blonde from North's Landing
Deborah Mills, not Deborah Mills, what was her name?
Oh, I love that play Misty, I don't know
Oh you said Play Misty for you, so yeah
Here at Darrell Garner
Darrell Garner, I can't remember your records from about 100 years ago
Darrell Garner, Trio, do you?
And you remember in the movie the way he was a dish-docking Clint Eastwood, he was queuing up the record
And he just put the needle in his tongue arm on the record
And like slid it, I mean he wasn't listening to it, you were in it, you were in it, right?
Any movie, any TV show still has got it?
How difficult is it for somebody in the entertainment business to know how to queue up a record
Back in the days when we played records in a radio station?
It's just like, whim-whim-whim like that, and of course you are
It's like that stupid movie talk radio, you know, Eric Fodosian
That's the only movie in my life I ever kept looking at my clock to see it
Because I knew how long the movie was to see it
Every how much longer before it finally ended
That movie, WKRP, Frays Ray
Every movie, every TV show that has a radio station in it, they do it wrong
Because I know, always in my history and the business in my 400 years of radio, the producer is always sitting in his chair
Spinning around like a dreable like that
The biggest names, right there, I want to see the movie
And maybe I have a crackling mind in my head
People that use snappy openers for their show segments
Like that one to two-hour
She the sprites the blinds on the team
That's what they say, song, produce, will be
Here, tell you that you're glaring and then you're wanting to win
Jump on over this captain and heal the blind
Make more los and fishes when they're on any left
All these things on miracles, special effects
Jesus Christ, a Scientology
That's what they say, song, produce, will be
Jesus Christ, a Scientology
For near yourself, our mission in possible three
Jesus Christ, a Scientology
Now we'll begin the first finaly, P
T
You spread Jesus Christ, say it above
It doesn't sound right, Jesus Christ
See, I think that the only people who enlighten people I'm talking about, not morons, not idiots, not uneducated people
But like you're in the light camp, you're truly
The only gay people that we care about outing are those people who are deeply in the closet, our liars, and hypocrites, and phonies
Like you're governor for example
Gay, somebody who has sent us on our Myspace page a picture of your governor, your gay governor, along with what's your name?
Mark Foult, Miss Foultley, okay, side by each, with that kind of like gay, small under a push
Like they both knew, like they both swallowed a canary, you know, like they knew something
Salmanella Scare, consumers told a destroyed peanut butter, I was speaking of peanuts
I think it was out of flight, I don't remember what it was, one of my flights
You know, I'm kind of a flighty kind of a guy
But anyway, I'm on a plane and they announce over to PA
We have a child on board who has a severe peanut allergy and we're advising them
Huh? You mentioned that, I think, off the air, I don't know if you mentioned it, I think
I didn't mention it on the air
And I was never aware of the fact that even if you're eating like a Snickers bar or something that's got peanuts in it
And you're like within the same area, that stuff, whatever is in the peanuts gets in the air
I didn't know that
Have you never been close to someone who's eating peanuts and smelled their breath?
Eating what?
Oh peanuts
Yes, I wasn't sure what you said
You don't have to be that close either, they fill the room with a stench of peanut breath
What are you talking about? Are you crazy? What's wrong with peanut breath?
It smells nasty, it's nasty
P.S. smell nasty?
When someone's eating the matured on peanuts and you can smell it, they've got a little peanuts anyway
They're following up it
Ah, do that
Fui
Although I do like Snickers bars though
Hmm
So in other words, the stuff just gets into the air
I guess it depends on how sensitive they are
Well, con agro foods is to hold consumers to discard certain jars of Peter Pan and Grave Value Peanut Butter after the spread was linked to a salmonella
I've written a second almost 300 people nationwide
I'm just passing this along as a pubic service for all of you peanut butter lovers out there
Lids of jars with a product code beginning 2111 can be returned to con agro for refund the company said
Product code beginning with 2111
The salmonella outbreak which federal health officials said yesterday is sick and 288 people in 39 states in Zogas
Where it's linked to tainted peanut butter produced by con agro to plant in Sylvester, Georgia
I bet you that's a wonderful place Sylvester, Georgia
Man
If you want to know what America's all about think of places like Sylvester, Georgia and A&Try
How salmonella got into peanut butter still under investigation said Dr. Mark Lynch and epidemiologist at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
CDC officials believe the salmonella outbreak to be the nation's first stemming from peanut butter
Peanut butter I can take it or leave it
It's just like it leaves all on your teeth and gets your whole mom like that
Not a good idea if you're going to do that before the show
Huh?
Don't like it
Fat? Did you say fat?
I used that like it as a kid but then I like act you know after years of eating nothing
But the most cases reported in New York, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Tennessee and Missouri about 20% of the over hospitalized that were no deathloom
Said about 85% of the infected people said they ate peanut butter
CDC officials said what about the other 15% they liked it
Oh, con agro officials said it was unsure why the CDC identified peanut butter as a source of the problem
It's own test. Oh I haven't been playing that at all this week. That's what the problem is
I like it. There you go. And of course and the alternate version
Do you like it? Maybe I do
We're trying to investigate and understand what else we need to do or should be doing
Said Chris Purcher spoke to him for the CDC
Purcher called the recall of per cost we want to do what's right by the consumer he said
Con agro officials haven't said how much peanut butter is covered in the recall
The Peter brand a Peter Pan brand is sold inside do like Peter Pan peanut butter
Peter brand huh? You know
Oh man, I don't eat it. I don't eat it
I can't remember how many years it's been since I ever had peanut butter
Peanut butter is like you know for goiam peanut butter and jelly salmon
It's like a chocolate like a Reese's peanut butter and candy. Oh God, do I hate that?
I got told to be for mushrooms. I love I love like mushrooms with onions. You know fried
Oh, and while I'm mushrooms and I love mushrooms in an omelette but mushrooms on pizza
Oh God, I hate that. Oh, interesting
It depends on the kind of what is it the kind of mushrooms you know you can get those
Can to kinds which are good and but then those other sliced fresh ones that are like
The the fungus kind that you put in a salad. Oh yeah, those are not very good on a pizza
No, not at all. That's the kind of usually put on that slice one
Sliced food
Oh, not for me. Nice to come here. Anyway, so the what's that code number again on the top of the
The other just in case lids and jars with a product code beginning 2111 can be returned to carnivore for refund or just
Toss them
Possum maybe the pet cat will enjoy it
Sure a lot a lot nicer than sticking it in the microwave
A lot of hundred and forty votes on the pool. What is that pool by the way? Sure you haven't been too
Pull intensive today and that's because they hated anyway
They don't like this pool. I'll try to do better tomorrow
Now what was I gonna oh I better write that down was a body wash that's right you don't want to do that again
I do no I think we shouldn't and we should do the grooming do the one the grooming one right after it
We're where I'd to change my religion or lack of one I prefer to become that's the poll question
I hate the poll 265 twenty-three percent
We'll make 1200 by the way there's an in a cool and Howard case during once a very in the Bahamas
Just stick a body in the ground okay stick a ration the ground already in stop the stench good to sit there me hurt man
Sticker up on the wall stuff around now stick her up on the wall mount her while I would mean the first time
An atheist 193 an agnostic 180 a Buddhist 172 a Jew 68 a Wicken 59 a Zion Catholic 50 a devil worship her 44
Want to be a Catholic 41? I'm sure that William Donohu likes that with his teeth fancy. Oh yeah
Boy you talk about farbicin he's he's it he's the poster child for farbicin a Protestant 31 a Scientologist 14 a Mormon 14 a Hindu 11 a she had Muslim 7 and a she
I assume he was Muslim too so the Sunnis in the shear said on her in the bottom fighting it out again
Love him 52 only 1200 easy what we Chris
No problem
Communion Al-Fraken he's really funny
Very funny known for his last waiting sat there the American right discarded his customary wise cracks as he announced
So early yesterday he would run for the US Senate
We already know this of course in a video posted on his website no gags no barbs as he confirmed early reports
They'll make a bid to become Minnesota's next senator
He won any awards for his writing on a Hitchhaw Saturday night live pleaded with voters to take his can as he seriously
Even though he owes his fame to comedy sketches and joke writing yeah
Well, at least get him off the air anyway. That's a public service. Mm-hmm. WDQ. I am hello
Yeah, how are you? Yes, sir. I'm doing good good
Not that it affects you in Toronto, but down here
I have two jars that are in my pantry and what am I refrigerator of Peter Pan Penifer with the
With the code of 21 11 oh my oh my oh my God wow
Seriously, you know, you mentioned all those states, but it's in Florida
Well, today's the thing I told you man. It's wrote that crap out
The news this morning and I look so I called public somebody just bring it right in bring it right on back
They'll they'll take a cure you yeah, okay
Okay, I'm gonna wait the YouTube glad you thought out about that and lucky city heard it somewhere else
He couldn't give me the credit for it
That would have been a little bit too a Gentile Gentile but we're good enough too nice everybody so damn nice today
We don't want to be too nice except of course with a guy that said of gays and terrorists
What was the line again that he used people are born terror people are born terrorists. I think I even wrote that down
I'm one of my 400 emails here people are born terrorists and people are born gay
See you you realize that your terrorist you don't decide to become a terrorist you realize
That you are a terrorist just like you realize that you're gay that you're a homo that you're a queer that you're a
My icon I go to a book at home with all these things all of this stuff and
Of course the bottom line to the obvious question is who cares?
WDQ I am hello
Hello Neil yes, sir
I quick serve for you. I see you boy your boy your bra Jim DeFeedy at one of the law. Oh, yeah my boy. Am I big boy?
I know that was sweating
panting and stalking the food court and from his
Emmer who his
Indistinguishable huge
Hell's of flesh. I could never see anything like it. I had no idea who is actually that big dude
No, he's he's a monster in the journalism industry. No question about it
Thanks for the report pal. Jim DeFeedy is who fancies himself as a broadcaster. Oh brother. Wow. He's pretty broad
He's brought all right. He makes handclicks like a little mishmuffet on her tough it
What is it tough it by the way? We were yes, thanks as high running to him in the hall either high-hank high-hunker
Haven't seen him in a long time probably never see him again
Yeah, I keep saying that and I'm sure that you don't believe me
But I don't think I'm gonna see any of you. I did see Joe Bell at one once you know unfortunate, but
He's okay your image is fresh in my mind forever well good
But then when I take these pictures of which is foster mind me to have my buddy take a picture
Take a picture put him on our thing there now now. We're we're not gonna send them to do what?
Send them to me. I will disseminate them really
Sure, and you're gonna put him on our website
We'll put them on your head to shave my head again and real real-life frozen tight and whatever before they even do
Well, I want to know with the 3D glasses
I mean and of course the one good thing about no seriously the thing about my space that I like
Yeah, is when you when you put a new picture up it automatically replaces all the
Pictures that you have of you and everywhere on the site. You know what I mean?
Yes
Well, I like that. It's a lot less work. It just automatic
It's like putting anything on automatic pilot
Ron Pitch is pilot so we can replace the one with the 3D glasses on and of course there are those people say
Well, why do you take that picture of the 3D glasses up because they were there, you know because I'm a jerk
I'm a jackass
By the way a tough it is a clump or tough of grass
A little of a small mess bucket said on her clump
On her ass on the grass. Oh look at that windshield is minus 10 right now. It's toasty
I'm gonna do the rest of the show out front
Big bow ladies and gentlemen
If I could offer only one tip for the future, huh?
Act strange and people will leave you alone all right
The rest of my advice has no basis more reliable than my own meandering experience
Put a slinky round your neck and try to walk downstairs backwards head first
Sit naked in a large bowl of rice crisps these insane feelings while the kernels go snick crackle and puff
Go up to a ticket booth and try to stick your head to the hole where they say how much
lick a stranger
Tell him you're from Bosnia and your country at the sign of respect
Take lots of pills one of them might work
Occasionally ask the stranger they've heard anything from Lewis
The annoying
During an IRS audit staple the guy's hand to his desk
Moon a funeral
Play go fetch with a scene I dog while he's working
Run making through a mall yelling kill her bees kill her bees
Say the word titty without smiling
Try to figure out who said polyshore should star in movies
Don't be surprised if it's the same guy who said John Gacy should work with kids
You
Ask an old lady if you can carry her groceries and try to make a run for it
Disappear for great lengths of time try to touch your forehead with your tongue
It may not work, but many women will appreciate the effort
At a high school reunion tell your old English teacher that your dog still eating your homework
Ask Mark McGuire they'll take a million dollars for one of his bones
Try to find the secret to caretops success
Understand your conception was an accident that your parents got wasted and wanted a few more laughs before they passed out
Try not to lose your finger in your nose
Take a bobcustis and toss them on the long next door
Go on a car triple bobcustis and force a bestanest car seat
Try to dribble bobcustis
Ask all your friends and family for forgiveness
Knowing you you've done some crap that's really pissed them off
Wish no girl willed anyone
Unless you don't like them then screw them around their own
Realize anyone who says they're completely happy are completely full of crap
Ask a hell's angel if he's a woman or has he always walked like that
Understand that there are bad people in the world and you may just be one of them
sniff an old lady
An agin gomer pile in the gay bar trying to get lucky
Do this without laughing
Find what's left of your innocence
Understand it embrace it
Protect it and if it's so often take it out for a nice nash
Carried off not to care
Hum while you eat
Act strange and people will leave you alone
And maybe like part of the credit elevator be the idea also it's 120 at 560 WT QAM QAM hello
Oh boring a fake pp well, I'm sure it wouldn't be the first one
1171 votes on the poll
560 560 see we haven't really had that much to your conversation about the hardware thing anyone
And why cuz it's me and because I'm not the one of these I'm not one of these sports or jock sniffing jackasses
And I'm out of the closet bag for like 30 years and I'm not gonna put up with crap
I'm not gonna listen to stupidity
He's got a right to say any stupid bigoted thing he wants that's fine
But in the meantime people are got a right to be pissed off about it or react over the LA one to react
And say hey guess what you're a moron Tim you're just another dumb
Jock a dumb bigoted jock who opens up a big mouth. Yeah, I mean and this is nothing to it all
Jock seats part of the whole macho thing that has to be an athlete
And even though these guys are taking showers naked together and snap at each other with a towels on an ass and all those other business
I run around naked in the locker room. I mean, you know, that's just an ordinary kind of a thing
When you expect
We do a w.w.q.y.m. And that's another reason I got the hell out of there. I got embarrassed being in the shower and a group shower there
Was in bare-assing
w.w.q.y.m. Hello
Speaking
Yes, ma'am
Yeah, I have a good show. Okay, as far as the fighter goes and
You know realize it. Yes, yes, it pushes the
Dispider what does that make sense?
Oh, probably an a-hole here
One down for two can of worship
Final
One down for one hundred and he'll say tannic worship. Oh, say tannic worship. Okay
Oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty other than the Verizon singular wireless line
Hey, he's the insider. I forgot about that. He decided that we're gonna kill everybody as many as we can
You're gonna make a whole lot of your kids and uh brothers and sisters and husbands and whoever any human sacrifice
And a public story to about if does Anna Nicole's body still smells so bad
WQ a.m. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
Yes
Well, I have a refrigerator magnet. How much refrigerator this is all big it will be reincarnated as gain almost people in color
I think that just says a lot. Okay
Thanks, Billy. Okay, he said you got a refrigerator magnet is that what he said or fact it's like that
Yeah, we're doing that guy again five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
In the Verizon singular wireless line don't ask your ball player. I think that's an oxy moron isn't it
You know the whole uh that hole in B8 thing. I mean leaves me you know
I'm still a base sports fan. I like my hockey and my football not that much on baseball no more. I'm still the hot
Long pass for both it
Make me plastic baby
Frank signs just like the uh dolphins man living in the distant past you know at the end of the first period
Montreal nothing in the makeful make believes nothing from a hundred years ago
WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m.
Hey Neil. Yes, ma'am in the tape. Did you actually hear the audio of him hard away? It's common. No, I did not
Okay, and because in the paper they've they've kind of edited it. Yeah, he hates gay people
Or he hates gay peoples?
I think he's about to talk about straight people's
He hates gay people so that's everything you need to know about his uh I'm not trying to say that he's dumb are you that he's a just a dumb jock?
I would never say anything anything close to that
Okay
Say hi to all the people's out there. Thank you. I sure will be okay. Wow wouldn't that be something? I gave people's
I've seen a few of those. I think they're called glory holes what they're called hey, I think we're all glory, baby
Just amazing to me and I totally even in that book about Andrew Kuneinen where she didn't even know without glory hurt
She's writing about it and she didn't know what that glory hole was which I thought was very very music
And it's so amusing that Al
You know, it's his clip there because I haven't seen that he eventually found something I could be wrong about that
But I don't think so he told me some astonish. I'm sure he told you the same things
No, he would edit the conversation for the appropriate audience. No, I see well
He told me some astonishing things about well you know when he had the apartment use the apartment in Amsterdam
He uh, yeah, I guess he got lost a few times
And he got into some interesting establishments, but hey listen
Well, you're a sex pot like alcohol steam you can do whatever you want right right
You can do whatever kind of banana business you want maybe he was even if they banana bar
1175 hosts on the pull we got 1200 lick today Chris is mighty proud of that
He's writing it down his little diary that he keeps there. Oh, yeah
Now what's the story on the food down there? I want to kind of try and keep track. I don't want to be out of touch
We're getting taken care of how he's I'm sure how he's takes care of us
All the time almost every day Tony's whenever we uh, we ask also
Thanks a lot Brad Brad over Tony's great guy. That's 441 and uh, whatever
30 third yet. What a memory. I got man. How could you forget with all the great food he brought by and of course that lobster
from the soup oh, yeah, the soup what is the place called oh for me
The original soup man or the original soup man Z in South Florida with especially in Evan, sure
And I'll be good. I need to open a place called the soup not see you know, that's a line from the show
But you know the original soup man the soup doesn't like that uh
That appellation. Yes, that's a lot of that. I see
Well, good. The hell says called the original soup man and the lobster biscuit said was outstanding
I haven't had that in a while. I've ever had ever really the best thing phenomenal. Hmm
Best thing I ever had well, I don't want to go into it again
26 but you already know what it was 26 past left or five 60 wq a.m. And I'm not too sour sweet crap
In 1611 the Bible was translated from a Latin into the King James Bible
And now well over three centuries later books on tape presents but King James
Bible James recycles the book of Genesis
The story of Moses and the burning books and the Tower of Battle
There's the new Testament too Lazarus raised from the dead
James sings from the book of Matthew
Oh
And of course the book of James
All the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them for the trail by Judgment
So back I want to just for say I'm hand of course the resurrection
No one knows more about judgment day than the godfather of souls and so James also sings of the famous flame
I
Change James Bible
146 man, I've said you they are gonna have to I guess he's already in Bando, huh?
I guess I would think so I sure hope so as you talk about smelling bad
I don't think he smelled good when he was alive James right here
He was working up a big sweat you know kind of like the wee Armstrong
Not a racial thing. It's just a sweat thing. Oh, you're gonna turn into a racial thing
I know I wonder if that's him hard ways to sweat in it today
Because I guarantee there aren't going to be any more gay customers for any business. He's got to go
I could be wrong about that, but I don't think so. Do you do think any okay
Patrons of course he probably isn't one in there anyway. That's what do you say he said?
Get away get away from me. Unclean. Unclean. What have you said? You don't like that?
You're dumped him, you know like and but you got a lot of company
Don't forget those two words. Did you decide that you were attracted to the opposite sex or did you realize?
You know that that that was good. He didn't realize it was good because he was a lot of dirt
Maybe he decided to be good
And I realized he was an idiot
But nevertheless wait till you hear this story from St. Pete and if you're smart all your kids out there
Do not go to St. Petersburg. Okay, let your great-grandparents go to St. Peter be good place for them to retire
One of them ACLS or maybe clear water clear water is kind of scenic and pretty
That whole way I panicked on cities
We all pretty too and like I told you all them good Christian retreat kids though. They're all in teenagers
Doing all kinds of nasty stuff and not really nasty good fun stuff on the beach. Mm
St. Petersburg Jennifer me that's me me
Jennifer me can't stop hiccuping
For more than three weeks now the 15-year-old St. Petersburg more than three weeks
She is sick up close to 50 times a minute despite the best efforts of doctors and home remedies
You hear anything like that in your life? Yes, you have yes for three weeks
There's the world record is a guy that's been hiccuping for years
Get out of here. All right. Oh my god. When you want to blow your brains out?
If I would or drink water I hate the hiccups even for like 10 seconds, you know
Yeah drink a little water, would you?
Have some nice hot tea that'll do it or maybe some scolting hot tea
She's had blood tests a cat scan an MRI drugs have a work neither as holding your breath putting sugar under her tongue
I never heard of that one
Sipping pickle juice oh
No, did you ever hear that? No, no, no
Sipping pickle juice breathing into a paper bag and drink out of the wrong side of her glass now you know
I'm old man. I'm a 150 years old in my life
I have never heard of the right side or the wrong side of a glass
What does that mean drinking out of the wrong side of a glass?
Do you know what you say? Yeah, well
It's all right. You know how you drink normally correct. Yeah, you you put your lips on the
On the side of the glass closest to you. Yeah, right? I'm no all right. Now be careful now hold the glass
Bend way over
I beg your pardon and drink from the other side of the glass
What do you mean bend way over all that's the only way you can do it without pouring it all the way down your neck
Well, what are you talking about drink from the other side of the glass? He's all right when you you just took a sip right?
Yeah, mark that side of the glass
She's a side that you're not drinking from
That's what they're trying to do you get you to do you bend over and you drink from that
Not basically okay not for you in other words drink up some drinker glass
Basically, yeah, touch your toes and drink a glass or put the
Over wall upside down and yes people have tried to scare them out over the hiccups. I hate the hiccups
The hiccups do stuff when she's sleeping
Oh my god
According to the national Institute of Health hiccups are caused by involuntary contractions of the diaphragm
Which causes vocal cords to briefly close which makes that distinctive hiccups sound
They can start for no reason or be triggered by anything from spicy foods to stress
You know what sometimes I tell you I have a gag reflex on chocolate
I'm I'm a I'm sure that I'm allergic to chocolate a lot of people are and they don't even know it
I think we need to do a whole lot of shows about food allergies not
I'm serious though a lot of people have all kinds of food allergies and they have all kinds of
Problems and stuff and they don't realize what it is
It's not clear what triggered Jennifer's hiccups would started in school January 20th third her mother Rachel
Roboto recently turned to the local newspaper for help
I'm just looking for some answers where somebody's gone through this robo total saint p times at this point
We're willing to do anything to stop the hiccups enough of the hiccups already okay my god honey Jennifer me
Now cute can you explain to me why her mother's name is robo do and her name is me
Shouldn't have to explain that mother got remarried
Or never was
Or maybe the daughter is married
Well, how old is Jennifer
She's a teenager she might live in she's held Carolina didn't she say she was 15 yeah 15 she's not married
She might be married at 15 she's not married at 15
Might be a Mormon even in St. Petersburg. I don't think she lives in a trailer park and of course if she did live in a trailer park
She'd be married at 13
Now the other day I heard I think they interviewed against I heard them promoting it on Kimmy and Bo about this
Minnes Ural thing
What the talking cake yeah, New Mexico is taking its fight against drunken driving to men's restrooms around the state
The state's ordered 500 talking year and old cakes that will deliver a recorded anti dwi message to bar and restaurant patrons
Who will make at one last pit stop before beginning behind the wheel?
Hey there big guy having a few drinks a female voice as a few seconds after an approaching meal sets off a motion sensor in the device
She doesn't always say big guy. I guess it all depends. It's time to call a cab or ask a sober friend for ride home
Press for sanitation department spokesman S U Mahesh to the urinal case are way to reach one group
That's a target of state safety campaigns men commit about three times as many driving drunk driving in fractions as women
I never thought women probably would commit too many, but you know a lot of
Okay, oh come on. Oh, yeah women don't like the drink. I didn't say that no, you know guys force women to drink
Yeah, that's what we do yeah
Plotting with little bottle of wine. So yeah, I've heard those right by leaving it out in the open right and letting them go put all down
Yeah, just like an effort now. What's the name of the movie? I kept I couldn't think of it again. Oh, no, come on
When we were talking about yesterday play misty for me. No
The one with a fade down away
We never did figured out I I am db fade down away. She's got three pages of movies there
I have no idea which one you're talking about yes
You do the one with that the Vanderbake kid that James Vanderbake that geek from that awful TV show and anyway
The devices made the traction yeah, that's it rules of attraction. See you knew it all along for a
Yes, all right, she played that kid's mother. I know she played what's his name's mother?
The queen that blinks in the
Who was hopping up and down on the bed with that really hot guy anyway the devices manufactured by Newark based health quest
We're invented by Richard Deutsch. He said there's nothing to buy stuck in on the market the idea is based on the concept
There is no more captive audience than a guy standing in a ureland. You said he can't look right and you can't look left
You've got to look at the end. Yeah, you better look straight down or somebody's got or our what's his name Tim Hardaway's gonna come in here and start calling you
Yeah, all kinds of names
The biggest
Hey Neil this is Randy West and as per our phone conversation. I thought to Peter North the other day
He tells me your real name is kneeled down and he's still ain't interested
It's the way God wants to speak
Right
You
Walk
Rain makes and fifty ones to make a new order in space.
It turns us to come together.
It's time for us to rebuild a New Orleans, the one that should be uptown or wherever they are.
This city will be chocolate, a chocolate New Orleans.
What can ever takes the blame for anything you say?
Chocolate at the end of the day.
That chocolate and some coffee and you're all one called as Rain making jam.
Rain making jam.
No I can. Rain making jam, fifty ones to make a new Orleans case of yours.
You can't have New Orleans no other way.
It wasn't made in the war.
It just wouldn't be New Orleans man.
Is he a demon that a boxed a rocks or what?
Anyway I didn't want to leave extra seconds on it.
I would have been bad.
Even extra thirty seconds I would say.
I might be gay.
I don't want to do that.
I want to fill out the whole bridge.
Because unlike some of the people on this station and this business, I can actually read a clock.
Another comes to the surprise.
It's a man.
I can see like it's 159.38.39.40.
And we have 124 votes on the pool today.
Bye bye bye.
