Right now, Bob will. Hello. I love show them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's amazing. Isn't it? It is. Real quick, I know you guys are ready to show from now on. Wait for insanity. I'm married to a farmer, or something like prejudice. But a couple of points to find or want. The基本 of Americans that are in this country is a fighting like crazy. The free cash, or really, for some corporate backers. Like Jose M. Kenos, who is grooming to be president of Cuba. These guys are going to all go back here and make millions of millions of dollars on the Cuban people. I say it's a Cuban, it's a schooling on the Cuban, it's a Cuba. That the Cuban stick takes their own way. Their own direction, or where to go and let's keep that out of it. I think it's a good deal what we're doing all this free. But it's continued. Okay. Great day, guys. Thanks for the call. Let's try pop it out. Hello. Hello. Hello. Do you be a better woodie? No. So hang up. Don't hang up. I want my amy. Hello. Really? Oh, yes sir. Yeah. I just think this whole thing is getting really out of hand. How can somebody know nobody care when the Haitians are doing? Yeah, just getting out of hand right now. Yeah, right. Oh, yeah. All right. Sure. Yeah. Sweet. We're going to pick exactly. Let's try to have the L.O. Hello. Hello. Yeah. Her did some data. Cuba's going to block the planet. Yeah. 1230. Yeah. 1230? What's the point that I don't mean? What do they think they're going to lift him parable because they've got all of everybody else. Yeah. Now, I think that's the issue that everyone else in tongue gets a... Yeah. Yeah. There's a problem. No, no. I don't know if there's a problem. Get everybody else missed on. That's all of the confidence. Well, yeah. To break the law. That's a better to do something. And the problem is not with Cuba's with traffic. Okay. Let's light we straighten him out. Let's try. Come, rock pie and tell him. Let's try. That was EDM. I think we got him. Let's... Oh, yeah. We got him. Long as lasting dick catering industry a time. To don't care. Back at it. Yeah. Right. Oh, there's a good call. That's a profound. This is kind of like politically screenless. Let's go to Hollywood on a mobile. Hello. Hey, buddy. Hey, guys. Hey, I hope that I fall 30 and play a medic that by Louis me go. Huh? That's a good call. Good. Good. Okay. Excellent thing. Let's try. And this is it. All the lines are open after this. Miami, hello. Yes. The way you're never in Cuba is to get rid of the arugies. There you go. That's it. I'm on my way right now. Oh, my god. Yeah. Need Louise. It's going to seem like two o'clock by about 10 30. 955, wrong one. W-I-O-D. Oh, we have a, what do we have? Oh, we'll spot. I put them all away for you. I'll try to get more of it. Oh, yeah. The bees right after the rain did a nice job. You know, there's only one place to go when you shop for diamonds and that's Beverly's jewelers. The only wire will do our man doesn't come in a bottle. About two minutes. Well, fit. Synth front of 10 o'clock. I'm sorry. It just took me by surprise. Really? Stry a lady in Miami, hello. Yeah. I'm calling about the situation that they're having with the Cuban, which is demonstration. Yeah. You know, I want to tell you something. You know, I'm American citizen. I was born and raised in this country. Okay. And I'm really set up with it. And I'm not the only one that's set up with it. The wide American for all set up with it. Which I'm wide American, the black American, the set up with it. There's plenty of it every day. I understand that there's plain fleeting every day. And they should be putting them on them. If they can't listen to what President Clinton says. Okay. And what our government says. Okay. The nation needs to put it. Yeah. But you know, the government's been saved for the last 30 years. Hey, come on over. Yeah. Right. I don't know. We change our mind. But you know, another thing is, I want to find out something. Okay. Because we want to form our own group. Yeah. Okay. Call WWTB with women on the country. We'll be looking for our own way. Okay. I mean, Emmy shape. Nice hearing from you again. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. So, we're coming up to the top. Yeah. We'll just let you fade out. Okay. Okay. You've made it up. Oh. It's Neil. You know they're finished. I shall call back. He's still on that. She's for the cheese business. You're warming wind in this country. So, I have a great day. Everybody's been on the stool on her too. I think yeah. Who? Who? Who? I'm so glad. You get out that I'll push it in the stool. And we're out of here. How do you? How do you? Oh, it's a real host. When Neil speaks everybody listens with limbo talks, nobody cares. And news talking entertainment radio, 610 WIEOD. Miami Fort Waterdale. But though we're gonna keep. Don't got edges and pop in. Hang on. So, I'm there. Look ahead. Oh. Use talking entertainment radio, 610 WIEOD presents the Neil Roger show. To talk with Neil calls 751 WIEOD in date. 524 WIEOD in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free. 1-800-944 WIEOD. And say the one customer's can go pound IOD at no charge. Now, the Neil Roger show. A news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIEOD. This is the show of the man. The Neil Roger. This is the Zuster Ebro. And the Sprengothas. Oh, hey. Castlo. Get out of your bar. We just can't use ya. You've been around where it all is. Let's go move on. Castlo. You're actually past us. Oh, hey. Who long you've lost that? The Bay of Pigs should have worked. Be tell you make me sick. Get out of Cuba quick. You are so goddamn rich. You and me go son of a bitch. This all we didn't know you'd like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill Kennedy? Yes. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. More than. Get out now and be your nation. Are you into mass-stop nation? Yes. There will be the embargo. Cuba will become another kill. I go USA. USA. We're turning all the raps and boats away. What was it? You check out. Yes. Oh, get out of Cuba. We just can't use you. You can run way too long. Yes. You ugly bust. I'm too long you last. The Bay of Pigs should have worked. I'm happy. They'll keep you sick. Get out of Cuba quick. You are so goddamn rich. You and me go son of a bitch. This all we know you'd like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill John Kennedy? Yes. You and the world they went to. You and the world they were safe. Get that now and be your nation. Are you into mass-stop nation? Cuba will become another kill. You say USA. USA. We're turning all the raps and boats away. What was it? What was it? I have the old. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the other side. On the left. On the left. On the middle. On Saturday. On the other side. On the haft. On the other side. On the other side. On David. On the other side. On the other side. On the next. On the other side. On. On the other side. On the left. needless to say about crap like that. So how come it is that when people here are going out in the middle of the highway, blocking off the road to this community so they can disrupt and inconvenience the other people live here who've got nothing to do with this problem, how come they're not getting arrested? So I think that if anybody who's like basically even in the most general sense, a law body in person who has a little respect for other people, I think you ought to be asking some very serious questions of the FHP and of the Metro-Dade Police and of anybody else who's in power in this goddamn town, as to why they were allowing this crap to go on it happened two days ago and from what we understand it's going to happen again today. What happened on flag restrearing yesterday would at the one jackass that parked this car in a how come they couldn't arrest him one guy and that went on for a hell of a long time. They should have maced it. You said that I said that jackass how come Iliana remember at a car at a car at a car at a car? I'm watching them. Remember what they said at Attica? They're doing what you're on the green. In some language, they said it's an Al Pacino said. So anyway these must be the dog days, huh? So anyway, like I said, any of you assholes out there who are planning on tying up the Pomet or any other goddamn road shame on you and shame on the police here that don't have the politicians who don't have the balls to take all these people away in Patty wagons and tow wait their cars and like you know, we store a little bit of sanity to this community. We've got a goddamn thing that the people like the people on the Pomet elite need a little bit of extra grief right like there's going to be a traffic jam on a Pomet O'Wanna concept. That's sure unusual like they need a little bit of ass distance right? Little extra helping hand. And I'm going to say it again. I don't want to hear from no 18 year old punk calling about the goddamn pay up pigs that took place like double your age and that's how many years ago it took 35 years ago their experts on the pay up pigs okay. We've let over a million Cubans come into this community, not in this country, but into this community and date and Broward counties alone in the last 35 years. We've taken 21,000 more from Guantanamo that everybody was up in arms about. We sent 13 back and right away. Oh, my favorite call of the morning was that one bitch that was going on with Rick and Suds about, well, you know, Clinton, this is just to start. Clinton is starting with a Cubans now and now he's going to go after every group in America. It's just a matter of time. We'll all be in camps in time for summer. Nice going, lady. Makes a lot of sense to me because if you want to make politics out of it, I'm going to tell you right now. If slick willy a bill Clinton opened up the door wide open as far open as it'll go and said, okay, everybody from Cuba that wants to come in, you come in right now. We'll take the entire population and we'll spread them out and we'll feed them and we'll give them green stance and blue stance and green cards. I'm going to tell you, every right winger in this town was still vote for whoever ran Bob Dole, field, Graham, little boy, Jesse Helms. Any right winger they can find? So it's gotten nothing to do with politics, that's just a guy that I'm excuse. That's just another way to justify your right wing anti-social fascist views. But let me ask you this question like yesterday. We had 12 years of Ronald Reagan and George Bush who made every kind of lie and every kind of promise and sof and just sucked up all that money out of the Cuban community every time that came here to mind me by the way, those fundraisers. How come Castro is still in there, baby? We had Reagan while Reagan forgot why he's still in there. In Bush East who busy try to get the rest of his family to get some esposa elected, he don't have time to monkey around with crap like that. So anyway, it's going to be a real beautiful list like I said, look at those brow lines, they don't care, they're insulated, everybody else is on a phone but not in Broward. 524Wild, how about those Leafs? Alright, now let's talk about something important, huh? How about those sharks in those Maple Leafs? 1014 at Wild, it's the shallow world company sweepstakes you can play in win right now at your nearby shell station. Every month you can win a brand new car, exotic vacations, cruises a C. Do watercraft, give to to get shopping sprees free gas from shell, valuable coupons and a lot more. And it's easy to play to stop by your participating shell station and pick up a free game card or you can use your existing shell card, shell fleet card or shell master card. Stick whatever shell card you have in a shell sweepstakes keyos, just stick it right in there and see what you win. That's all there is to it. You can be driving a brand new car beyond your way to the Caribbean. There's a new sweepstakes and new prizes every month including a new car. So stop by your participating shell station often. The shell oil company sweepstakes go in on now, tune here by participating shell station. Everyone is a winner at shell. No purchase necessary complete sweepstakes rules are available at your participating shell station. The shell oil company sweepstakes play in win now at shell. That's what Spencer says. 1017 at WOD. Let's have a real good rational conversation here today. Oh boy. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello, Neil. Hey, how you doing? Okay. What's going on today? I don't know yet. Really? You tell me. So what is this guy they call the fingerman? What was he talking about yesterday? Because I caught the tail end of it yesterday. I'm still trying to finger it up. Really? That's something that was what you're how. Oh, really? Yeah. Look at the French friday before you stick it in your mouth. You think he's for real? Always take a look at that finger before you stick it in your mouth. Do I think what's for real? The fingerman. Yeah, he's for real, all right. You believe him? Absolutely. What do you mean do I believe him? You know what he's talking about? I don't understand the question. You can't understand what he's talking about. How can he disbelieve him? All right, you. Have a great day. Thanks for your great call. We have an open line in day. There's a good call. North Miami. Hello. North Miami's gone already. Okay, like I said, we have two open lines today. It's 751. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Good morning. When is this? I drove the key west and back yesterday and while crossing Radrock key, I found out the soup. They're the solution out for the keeping crisis. While crossing the Ramrod. We're going to call you, but I didn't know you're 100. Okay. What we should do is anyone today you're stuck in one of these bloody traffic blocks? They're better not be any traffic blocks today. We should get it. Well, I'm not going to wait a minute. Let's hold on a second. Yeah. Let's think now. Let's turn off the shootings. There's whom we have. They need to make sure you don't lose the light. The Senator can do what we say really well. You've been pretty sure. Every day when the President. In the next week of the tough summer. Did you see that? Un preserved green blue. T perfect information. And then you said you situation. The body that won't come out of the city. Thank you. All the town. There are two hours yesterday. There are three hours. There are three. then we can stop them from going in place often and I'll see you there. Here's a pepper pine. Hello. Hello, Nail. Yes. The hell with the traffic jam. Let's talk at least. Alright. Oh. What a great game. You saw it? Well, yeah. I tuned into an anecdote. There you go. And with a brain and a big satellite dish. Now we're talking. I tell you. He was brilliant last night. He said he stopped the penalty shot late in the game when it was too nothing that could have turned to game around. He stopped the penalty shot. He was phenomenal. And the hocks are on the away. Do a disappearing again. Like they do in a playoffs every year lately. The hocks do a vanishing act. I think Chicago and Calgary ought to be in the same boat. Calgary. There was another great game. I saw the ass and that game. So I'm going to tie it up right at the end there. Four four. They go in overtime and a shark. So when it I might actually have some highlights from both of those games. So sharks. Okay. But I tell you guys. Chicago and maybe uh, we're by the Troy. You got to try your way. What do you mean squeeze by Detroit? Well I think they don't. Wouldn't play Detroit. They were played the winner. I believe of the Vancouver St. Louis series. One thing. So can I have so about that pop out. Burrass. A lot of that game last night too. It's a bit of a movie. Louis blown a two-nothing lead. And pop out gets a break away. And goes in there. And the sticks are right past for this. Joseph owes a beautiful way. Will it be still that good? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. A great day. Yeah. I would play Go Earlier. The guy from Calzay does have a short-handed goal. Shut. I'd like to. Call it out with freezing Miller, Waff G and Oziler. And the plays. Chancellor, excuse it, but they got her. Oh, I've got it with you. Chew it. I'd be like that. Kelly, those shoots are right back in. So I'll let her out in the forks. The hop-off is steep, but does come outside the line. And now hope gets chased. It's been a while. What I want to get sooner and nickel. At least if that's a play to come back. So about really, it's gone. Like, weirdly, was six point eight seconds left. Here on the second period. Oh, it's trying to make beliefs. Did it again? Deep Afro did it yesterday. Or some of these gives me an, like, Ridley on what look like a nothing play. The Pax bounced into the neutral zone. And then it is taken away by Ridley. And he pulls it past. Kelly also slaps it from the 21 feet out. You'll mark and Smith go to the boards. Andrew Chuck up with it. So he's out of the penalty box. Steve Andrew Chuck is full of these doors. Great, great Andrew Chuck. There's something. Leave. Seven, two, not big league. Oh. Yeah, let's get our eyes on the important stuff that's going on. Life and could be in so God damn one dimensional. Like I've always said that in a matter of what the subject is. I always believe in that. People who are strictly one dimensional and like that woman had called Rick just like a court in the ten. And I was asking her about Chuck, Ian about Afghanistan and about all these other people who have, you know, withstood the Soviets with all of their firepower, with all of their main power, with all of their resources. And somehow those people have managed to, especially in Afghanistan. And even in Chuck, and even in Chuck's DNA, I mean, it's just miraculous. What's going on over there? And yet, oh no, we got, we need a little bit more help. We need its pay of pigs. We need somebody else to do it. It ain't going to happen now. Wait, okay. Somebody else ain't going to do it. 10, 22, it W-I-O-D. Think about all the things your mom has done for you. Like giving you a bad headache. Remember what you let your borrow her car even though she really needed it? Your mom did things for you 365 days a year. Like wiping up that mess off your bottom. And what does she get in return? Just one day, mother's day. So this mother's day this Sunday, give mom something special. A Vermont teddy bear, a special spring gift basket. It's a great way to show mom how much she really means to you. While you're ordering a Vermont teddy bear for mom, don't forget your wife is a mom too. She's a real mother. Where do you think your kids came from? Or really? For new moms, Vermont teddy bear has a mother and cubset. If your wife's expecting, get her a pregnancy bear. Let her know how great a mom she's going to be. Call 1-800-829-Bear. B-E-A-R. 1-800-829-Bear and get your mom a gift she really wants. A genuine Vermont teddy bear. Instead of the same old candy and flowers in the stupid crap, give her something really unique. You'll get delivery on the day you want. But don't wait until the last minute call today. 1-800-829-Bear 24 hours a day. And give mom the gift she'll cherish for a lifetime. She might even let you borrow her car again. But unlikely. Vermont teddy bear is called 1-800-829-Bear. B-E-A-R. 1-800-829-Bear. I never play a damn on any horse. 6-10-W-I-O-D. What is it like? It's as light as it is. It's a wonderful meal. We never get to go home. Yeah. Go home to save me. Go home to save me. Oh my God. You don't know my boss. I love the handkerchief. Artigulate. Artigulate. That is a step up from Walmart. Daddy of I. Oh, this is real of Malice. Yes, man. W-I-O-D. No facts. Just our opinions all the time. Can I have some an an-e-m-e-m? Red-Hands-Tur. Hey there, rodent lovers. March is all you can eat Weasel Month and Red-Hands-Tur. Red-Hands-Tur. Red-Hands-Tur. What three tasty new rodent flatters? There's deep-fried field mice. Peel and eat Muscrap. Head of course our world famous hamster melds. Gotta get me making double cheeseweeds with these and hold the hair. And our flatters are always fresh. Not like those other rodent flatters. Because we keep them still on the wheel. Right up until they hits up. Try our tasty roadside pizza. Fresh from the highway to your table in minutes. If... Good. And don't forget dessert. I've been dropped like shit on foot lately. Yeah. And I've been hot on foot. I'm a mole. I'm not. Red-Hands-Tur. For the rodent lover. Red-Hands-Tur. On Main Street across from Jerbal King. 1027 at WOD. How are we gonna solve all of this? I don't know. Let's go to Pepper Pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Hi. I'm only releasing you for like six months. My wife turned me on to you. And I'm gonna say man, you are absolutely hilarious. Absolutely correct. Okay. I want to be the best. But now Jeff DeForce is the best. I feel was the best for about two days. But now DeForce is the best. Okay. If they listen, I want to... I wanted to talk about Justinette and reference to the other. He's a kid. I mean, the humans. The way they've been acting. I've been a political 14 years. And we have gotten to be civic and strut. Specifically, instructions not to what? Not to touch these people. Not to do anything to them at all. Isn't that nice? Exactly. In other words, if Bob Green takes his little Jeep out there in the middle of the goddam Pometta with 1230 going to lunch and just decides to park its sideways and block off a couple of lanes, you're gonna tow his Jewish ass off to jail and throw away the key, right? Well, you have to consider something. Who's in charge of the city? Pulleos. The exactly. Right. They're running the city and they're dead selling us what to do. So hey, we have the march to the empty. Well, what kind of crap is that? In some other words, we don't live in a democracy. We don't live in a land of laws. We live in a land where we have different laws for different groups of people. Is that what you're telling me? Yeah. Meal, you're absolutely 110% correct. Well, that's not a bullet. Right. Well, that's in other words, you can honestly tell me for sure that you've been told just the hands off. Exactly. Not to Bob, then because it wasn't even a miso audio set on the radio. Yeah. Yeah. Say, sir, audio, yes. He said specifically on a news. Yes, sir. Ma's. That this is a peaceful protest and not really doing anything. So let's just. It's a peaceful protest when people go out in the middle of the highway and they block people off and back up traffic for miles and cause people to be late and disrupt everybody's got them life and cause people's radiators to overheat and run their cars. That's a peaceful protest. These are audiences with no peaceful protest if they stuck it up as ass. I just want to say one thing. And during Jackass. There are a lot of latin officers that I work with and they are plenty pissed off and it's not hot. It's getting humid and he's rich. They're going to take the wrong person off and I'm going to get his on. That's impossible. You're going to be flying eventually. Isn't that a bit of a hot dog? Just what we need. Okay. Thank you. We're not in the United Nations Heartland. Okay. Great day, pal. Because the only terror of course is in the heartland. That's what we're saying to us as we have an open line of power. 5249463. Here's Miami. Hello. Anym. Yes, sir. I have a QA and it's very important. Yep. I worked night. So I was flipping together, you know, the scores of all the names. That's right. And two year old punk from Buffalo is on there. And they're saying, well, Hank's another lay and he got a lot. The other guy was saying. And he got a lot of fruits. You know, the fruit word I owe the guy from my O.D. things that were on his fruit friend. Yeah. And then he goes, and then he goes, what a home was no about hot. Yeah. So hot much. Obviously he doesn't know who you are. Yeah. That's Paul coffee. See what he knows. Why is it every time? There's a few numbers. You know, why is it every time somebody wants to like, you know, downgrade you. What did they want to say? Because that's the only shot. They can't say that the show sucks. They can't say I don't know what I'm talking about. So that's the only comeback they got. Yeah. The homeless actually. Right. Well, this guy does not. Basically what I hear there are a bunch of faggotes over their anyway. QA. And that's what Jay Highler told me from Channel 7. He said, if you ever go over to QA and whatever you do, hang out of that soap tight as hell. And he said, you know, you're going to be on a rope. I think Jay Highler got this to give you. He knows his fag. Yeah. Sure he does. And Rick St. Ches. Have a great day. Omega. Okay. Opaline and day. 7.5 once. So they started right off the vent. That's a good way to get your head up to Gaki's ass. I wonder if he's got eyebrows on the inside too. Let's do a soft Miami. Hello. Yeah. I know I have something to tell you. Well, that would be a first on this station. Yeah. I'll tell you what this Cuban thing means to me. I was driving on the way to work. And in the pulmeto. I thought that it wasn't going to be in the most traffic. It's been a good image. Yeah. I couldn't imagine being late to working. Going to the sad like a nice new chapter now in the history of Miami. Now, not only do we have to worry about getting shot. Now we're only way have to worry about getting run into by somebody with a beat up. By one of those mini bus drivers. But now we got to worry about whether we're going to be on just the wrong road. It's a wrong time that a bunch of this content. So screw balls decide to block it off. They don't care what they do. And they have right to freeze. They don't care what they do. But well, I don't really want people. They don't really want people. They don't really want people to hear all the people of the hair of like Rick and Sots went over this morning. That's fine. If you want to protest, you go out of going to hunger strike. If you want to have a peaceful demonstration somewhere. But you've got no right. Nobody has got to right to disrupt the whole town here. They'll once President Clinton makes some type of judgment like you did. You think he's going to go back reverse. No matter what anybody does. Of course not. That's totally ridiculous. Well, I don't think he never changed his mind. Right. Now we're like willing. Here it looks like a asshole. I did anything to do this. Make one look like Marvin asshole. No. He's not going to do it because we got a bunch of people. You know, he's in Russia. And we got people screwing up traffic on 836. I'm sure he's very impressed with that. He could care less than about what they do. They're they're arrested. The commerce first. Well, here at Lincoln D.A.L.R.R. Dooshbag. Yeah. That's so stupid. It's a waste of time. He's not going to change his mind. Here you go. That could pick up past. I want to say it again. We've taken over a million people from Cuba. We're taking in all of the 21,000 plus from Guantanamo. That everybody was all up in arms about how unfair it was that they were at being detained. And now we sent 13 people back. And right away, we've got people carrying on like it was the end of the world. This is not right. We can't afford to have any more people. We don't have any more people. We don't have any more people. We don't have any more people. We don't have any more people. All of the oppressed, all of the starving, all of the desperate people from all over the world. Man, this country is going to be. It's going to be finished. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. It doesn't matter. I love. I love. It doesn't matter. I love. Yeah. I love. It doesn't matter. Do you have an open line in date? 7-5-1. You're sitting. Why are you third? Okay. I'd like to make a few comments. What's going on with the QV? Yes sir. I'm pregnant. I came here when I was 10 years old. I came on the beautiful Maryel pola. Mm hmm. Okay, I'm a guest citizen. All right. Yeah, I feel that nothing's gonna happen from any miles away Okay, no matter how hard they protest I heard what I call Rick and said this morning talking about the Berlin wall As though we're like right next door. We're talking about 90 miles. We're talking about all kinds of countries in a Caribbean We're talking about Mexico, which is right on our border We're talking about central and South America where there still is tremendous injustice and where there is massive starvation and unemployment I mean, they're all kinds of problems, but because it's 90 miles away It's supposed to mean it's like right next door. We've got to be sponsored. We'll take everybody in. That's a bunch of bookcraft We can't do it. What mainly you know You're hearing a lot of it here because we're mainly a Spanish or Hispanic population here Miami But you hear a lot of it here in and you know, you're close to it But what what what what that the thing is that if we're just gonna allow For cash to dictate what we do Okay, we already let it do Every coming is for a heat on the collar. He opens up in that there. But yeah, all right now I appreciate your opportunity in the chance to make all of your and make up make some bit of myself And have a life and have a freedom. Yeah, but I believe that strongly If the Cuban is a came in the boat that's bent the Cubans that have been coming over here If that is where we were okay, but we're staying there We have to walk now. You can't come there Russia and and all the other places because it's a military war with them in this case They don't have the weapons. They don't have the arms They don't have the strength to go ahead and go But somebody has to do it and just like in every war hundreds and thousands of people die You don't understand yeah Thousands of people dying It's not gonna happen from here You gotta get some balls You're gonna see a lot of people dying. I'm gonna say it again every time that Reagan came here every time bush came here When Jesse how much was here a couple of months ago? They talk a big game all these right winners They tell Cuban people here everything that they want to hear they had 12 years in power That every opportunity under the sun Get cast throughout and they're to invade Cuba to make that an important part of our foreign policy They didn't do it. It's money It's money. It's all about money. Yeah, the world is a business. Yeah, it's all about money That's what how much money you have to invest in to give it to make it a whip on me Well, let's get my our landscape back. He knows how to do it, right? Have a great day amigo. All right, buddy Yeah, I'm gonna tell you something that really disturbed me It occurs you had a lot of ass and I calls the last two days because there are a lot of emotional people And other stupid people and you put that together and you got a lot of crap But there was one kid that called and I do mean kitty Saturn. Maybe he's 18 20 23 at the most Called Rick this morning and he was going out about all we just need a little more help from the Americans if the Americans would And I'm thinking of myself this kid has speaking perfect English. He was probably born here. What is he? Why is he talking about the Americans as though he isn't one See that crap has got a stop. I am so sick and tired of hyphenated human beings We got African Americans and Cuban Americans how come we don't have like Polish Americans? How come we don't have Russian Americans? My grip my grandparents came from Russia on one side Pull them on the other side because that make me a Russo-Fola Bologna. What does that make me? Oh, fact. Oh, seriously. What what does that mean? All these hyphenated people get when the program baby this country's got more god than Problems that you can check as thick at you can't even walk the streets in this country either even in the medium-sized cities anymore Without fear of getting shot by some lunatic But we're supposed to invest all of our energies and we're supposed to get all wound up with everybody else's god damn problems It isn't going to happen and I'm gonna say it again and I know if not gonna change anything But we had to have one wise guy called here yesterday You know you never know what are people are serious or not, but now I'm here and again today that they the next thing that they want to do today is type the pulmeto All you're gonna do is alienate more and more and more people and piss everybody off and people are finally gonna say They're gonna get so fed up. They're gonna say hey go back where you came from screw you. Okay We don't care what you've done. We don't care what you've accomplished. We don't care what you are We're just sick and tired of you're disrupting the community because you're selfish Selfish is the operative word, okay? I didn't see these people protesting or sitting in the middle of the highway when it was sending Haitians back I didn't see that when the government announced that policy But of course Haiti we know that the eras state is a real liberator We know that they never had the taunt on McCoup we know that they're not slaughtering people over there. We know that they don't have political prisoners right It's a 1038 at WIOD. There's only one way to buy diamonds and that's from certified diamonds in the sea bowl building and downtown Miami There's a WIOD you're not necessarily those of this station or it sponsors all the UIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD incorporated and they not be recorded or distributed without prior written consent When you're tracking through the Gulf of Mexico and a gangie with plotting of your closest friends The last thing you want to concern yourself with is injunable I can't yell but it's down the end of the crowd. That's the conjo and that's why you need the one motor oil that prevents the high viscosity thermal breakdown Equilibili occurred in today's smaller outboard motories Castro Castro works hard to keep your outboard motor doing and Castro comes with a 90 mile one way guarantee I Yeah, so yeah, yeah With Castro motor oil you'll sail across those shark infested waters trouble free Yeah, well, yeah Well almost trouble free Castro motor oil engineered for today's smaller outboard motories 1043 a W idea was just taken her into breaking to about Israel for example There is a whole second of these Zionist people which my father was one and probably still is Jews who are obsessed with Israel now I'm Jewish and I don't give a flying crap about Israel fact people are always saying why do you go at these trips you go to Europe? You go to Rome you go to Amsterdam you go to Berlin even you go to all these different cities. Why did you go to Israel? Why do I want to go to Israel and be surrounded by a bunch of crazy Arabs? Why do I want to go there? For was it's a desert if I want to go to a desert I'll go to Vegas Okay, I'll go where I can have a good time and be safe as opposed to being some kind of a martyr I have no interest in Israel. It doesn't cross my mind like at all each day, okay? So people are just like obsessed Obsessed the best thing that could happen to the Cubans in this town Would be if they were all mou I'm not talking about this in a drugatory way, but I'm talking in terms of the future I'll move to Seattle. That's a nice place whether's not so great. Or maybe how about Where's the weather good new Mexico weather's pretty good there Albert Turkey Lot of Cubans in North Carolina already and create some distance man That's what we need is some distance and stop with this hysterical obsession you can't live in the past Start getting with the program if you're here you've got to be a part of what's going on here But hey, and it could have happened here's a highly on a outward line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning When is this I got some problems to make okay the first one is I agree with you as far as he brought the hate to where are they doing out there Was come afraid of this is I so I think it shot sure and we get people getting shot on the road Everywhere because they park in a wrong space or something you can just imagine what if they get enough people pissed off with this We're gonna have a real mess out there I was down for a day three yesterday when the fight broke out This guy is drunk on a car and started by I don't believe him. He was ago. Oh, yeah This is not the right way to it, but as far as in addition to which the guy that was getting hassle He can't do anything about this. Yeah, he's not gonna go over there and kill Castro He's right. Why I think we should do we got to see what you do something That's our American troops but have the keep it's over there one by Friday I want to see any American zoos alive over this yeah, I'll be no one will see it You gotta think that counter has some serious country because You know Because right the act the act and hate whether you know don't have an interest there they act it down These are the status guys are joined because we had interest there. That's right. That's right. That's right That's that is correct What do you think we went into Vietnam? We didn't go in there because we were concerned about injustice We went in there because of the Catholic Church and the entire remember companies and because because of special interest because of dollars in sense And because of good old power. That's what that was all about You're right nothing to do with freedom in the same thing happened a couple years ago We got for it. Why do we go there where they kill him babies? No, we went there because of oil Oh I LXH3 letter word you got it In a shame he's American troops are died the world is a business Mr. Bill just keep that in mind the world's nothing but a guy damn business right I mean afraid of these brothers Good friend Debbie These they're using the expressway they want to go up Very pissed off how it is. Yeah, well, you know I don't know if you're that guy that called before that pork her that called it he said they got instructions to leave all these And okay, that's just what we need man Glad that he called because you know, I have no doubt that that's true And if that's the case the rest of the people in this time better start screaming about to the politicians and better sense screaming of the porters This has got to stop Well I say that we if they want to protest if we I'm gonna have to give those for here, but my bears are keeping you But if we have to protest take to watch Where the people get here you we're taking down a bayfront park or somewhere where you're not gonna like disrupt the whole community and piss people off But natural expressway is going to tell me amen okay pal See how the good morning about you two but a lot of Broward 524 one on the purple out if you have said it One if you're out there on a highway if you're out there in the highway Get off of there okay, just get off of there and they're pull over where it's safe Pound I O. D. Yeah, we already got chaos in this town. I said yesterday and I really mean this This town has been battered and brutalized and abused and I you know when you've lived here long enough I've been here 20 years and it gets old you get tired of it the whole town being just beaten up and disrupted Because this one's pissed off and that one's pissed off and this one's everybody can be pissed off There's enough injustice in the world to get everybody pissed off 24 hours today seven days a week nonstop Round the clock round the year okay But don't take it out on people who have first of all who didn't create the problem and secondly Who haven't got the ability to do anything about it unless you're stupid 1048 I said stupid right away animal of the 1048 at WIO The idea lot of a truck accessories the ideal place to find the accessories you want for your truck All you truckers out there Ideal has the largest the most complete line of automotive and truck accessories They will be did anybody's deal on bed liners. They got software does largest inventory of bed liners over 2000 stock and starting at just a hundred sixty nine ninety five installed They got your toolbox is slightly rear windows running boards and thousands more accessories in stock Ideals 30 thousand square foot warehouse is stuck with everything at wholesale prices Camper tops and fizes for four mini trucks painted a match and installed rear sport us from most cars Bug shields and daylight covers in the hottest thousand best prices idealist where you buy direct from the guys who supply the dealers at wholesale prices And they guarantee you that nobody's gonna beat their price or selection Find out for yourself by calling ideal at 1 800 621 64 64 1 800 621 64 64 come by at 7157th West 57th place in Fort Lauderdale. I deal automotive and truck accessories They'll smash anybody's deal to a bloody pulp WIOD We know you listen and we've seen your little black buck too So what else am I? I don't know 1051 at WIOD So here's how come nobody's called in about Ron ishoy's column in the here. I'll tell you why cuz nobody reads the goddamn here Olden thank God for that Here's norm cats pushing there again It says the judges are in place for Monday nights. Soko ed croco is the boxing grudge match between WFTL radio host norm can't and Cliff done It's a pansy off To benefit the heralds holiday swish a wishbook WFTL program director Nick Lawrence a station general manager Luke Cron and Psychologist Michael Brennan will judge the match from rainside and I'll be in the ropes says Ron ishoy As rainside referee trying to stop the below the belt punches. Oh, there'll be a lot of below the bill activity of those to our inner The supervisor of the judges is yababa It says the match at croco's bar in Fort Lauderdale will take place about 11 p.m. between other boxing amateur bouts and tag teams of women Well, that fits the tag team of women part among the undercards We would love to see but that we won't for Lauderdale mayor Jim Nagel and commissioner Carlton Moore WIT radio host deal Rogers and Wayne Hizenga So Wayne and I are gonna hop in there baby in our tights and our pink liotards gonna be a beautiful thing Take this at face here's my any hello Yes, sir. I think you're missing the boom I've never got on the boat. I prefer planes trains cards I was born in Cuba and I came to this country in 1974 now on American Cuban American yeah, Americans, but I'm still not ignorant to my roots What does that mean your roots because you say keep in Americans consider themselves Cuban Americans rather than Americans I'm American and let let let me tell you something I Totally this a brief with what the Cubans are doing and In blocking the streets and all this and the expressways I think it is a totally stupid action and the only possible reaction that they could get is negative How am I missing the boat? I think we're you're missing the boat is the reason for the frustration I don't think that they're doing this because they're keeping Cubans where we tend to Cuba If I could tell you that 70% or more of the Cubans that are here don't want anymore Cuban here Okay, because number one so what are they doing before them? The reason is the frustration of the hypocrisy and the lies Neil I'll tell you why the Cubans that are here don't want anymore Cubans coming here First of all, what is rust and Cuba over there now because of communism and is it's a Generation that has been born with communism and people communism kills ambition So what you're getting here is people that are not used to working are just looking for hand me down and the Cubans that are here that have been working Don't want any of these Cubans coming here so so I'm still so what's the frustration about you keep talking I miss the boat they're first rated but you're not talking what they're frustrated about the fact about the fact that We think that Clinton has been dealing behind the backs of everybody with Castro something that you Today you keep on saying about Reagan and Bush that they didn't think Castro But they didn't deal with him at all either And somehow they feel that they're dealing behind the backs of everybody So other words, this is just like the woman that went over there and kissed the bill on a cheek the author and right away because she did that We got to give her death threats That's what we would say and I'm not always generalizing on a show All I'm looking for is people like you who are willing to say that yesterday We expected to hear that what we heard was a lot of bullcraft from militant assholes including one guy who says one young guy Is gonna go out there and his truck today with some of his buddies and block the palm metal like it like it's an outing at the beach or something like it's a Sunday picnic You know it's something to do And for years the United States has been saying that they've been putting economic sanctions Against Cuba and then they're dealing with other countries like for Nasto with Mexico that then deal with Cuba The easy solution very easy is just Full blockade of Cuba Let the people in their revolve because when nothing when there's nothing coming from other countries of people and they're well revolve and And get to get slaughtered and get a lot of them hundreds of thousands of them Yeah, like what happened in every other country that has had to stand to communism and then So why does it take a blockade to do that? We keep hearing that people are starving already over there They keep showing us all these pictures on channel 7 especially this and the reporters over there and keep showing us that You know the food supplies are very short and that the health care is bad and all the Southern traffic keeps showing us and so So why is it why is it our responsibility to do that? I don't understand The other stopping ourselves like the defenders of human rights whoever said that where Clinton was over there yesterday in Russia They're celebrating VE Danny's over there shaking yelts and sand at the same time that they're over there killing people and Chet'snia You got it listen man you got to understand. This is the real world You're gonna be an idealist you talk about frustration You're gonna mind a blow on your brains out you got to deal with the real world the way it is not the way it ought to be This is the real god damn world like it or not and most of us don't All right, okay, I have a great day We have an open line of dates 75 one here of course They did not attend the ceremonies where they were operating around with all the weapons in Russia there because that would have been bad And it would have kind of like dignified what the Russians are doing in Chet'snia Like what they didn't have Ganesh stand or there's a slaughterhouse man. It's going on airbie worth that just going on in Cuba And that woman had called us morning I asked her about Chet'snia and about all these other guy damn places and about the The terrorism that's going on in Mexico about citizens that are being tortured They they they they they did a long peace on CNN international when I was on vacation about all they have all these old torture devices Like from meat evil times they've got those cranked up again in Mexico So try to be a political dissident there but God forbid all those people that are pouring across the border all our slippers All those and of course this all goes back again to the pope, but anyway, that's another story Let's just keep making a lot of babies and creating a lot of chaos That's what the pope says just keep the air baby making machine man. We don't care if you're starving to the we don't care if you can't find a job Just keep making those good old babies Here's a point in beach hello Now good good this guy every day so weak man so we go find a life okay going away with Hank go. He'll be with Hank. Okay Here's Miami sure is hello Miami PD one to Metro one to the highway before one to the states of Chinese office Yeah, city of Miami wouldn't talk they wouldn't answer anything was like talking to a dead fall Yeah, not close so it wasn't their problem was a city of Miami right the Florida highway patrol So they had made two rest and the state of Chinese office said well there's nothing that they can do And tone arrest is made and I tried to point out make your rest. I tried to point out that as far as I know There's a 20 year Jail signs for a non-feasants of the law when you deliver plea and willfully See as a police on the wall being broken and don't do anything about it. That's non-feasants And that is against the law and when you get out there on the street and do things like that That's inciting to riot That's also a felony and it is gonna be Humans are well healed when it comes to guns You watch and say this way if it can accelerate as they claim it will That's gonna be the next time a shoot out on the highway Okay, well, I'm sure you'll be right there in the middle You be the judge innocent guilty You know the relationship news talking entertainment video 610 W i o d Miami Ford Latterdale And say the one customers can call pound i o d at no charge Now the new Roger show a news talking entertainment radio 610 W i o d i am the Oregon I'm just driving down i 95 Well, I wish they were in the van the Castro these two pens are such a half ago No way No way Q a man Well the sanctions may have ruined your country Blame the valve or beam a coming away No way No way Q a man In a van I wear you or laundry safe Please say Miami's full of your unvoiced obliess here what we're saying Go away No way No way No way No way No way No way No way Love it O 7 at W i o d we have an open line on a purple line pound i o d if you have said in the one one on a green line one on a shirt Tush line here's a lady in Miami hello Hello Yes Yes Is this Neil Yes Neil Nice time I looked Okay Listen I don't wait until your last time on the phone I want to tell you something Yeah Okay You know I want to discuss the situation with the Cuban demonstrating and everything and yeah Which I think is great Yeah Okay Is that it? I guess Haan Go ahead Well I feel that you know they should have stayed in their country and fought for their own country Yeah Okay if they're going to do it over here in my president's foot in our government Why didn't they do it over there with Castro Yeah You know I mean they claimed that nobody could get a gun to shoot Castro Yeah But you know we have people that are fascinated all residents Yeah We're a bunch of secret servants that are well Mm-hmm And you know I'm not really in other than you know what I don't mind They're supposed to be demonstrating Okay if they're demonstrating they should be in the side of the road Not planting the traffic Yeah Okay, amen Hi, amen Okay, have a nice life Here's a letter to Alex Gone Letter to Alex is gone Open lot of dates 751 1 in powered 524 1 on a purple line Say you're the one pound iod we pay Here's a dear field hello Yes No, let me say it again yes Hi cook city Says dear field that's close enough Okay Um I'll subject of the queue I don't like that I'm a couple last year You were saying you know that Well, let me start over here You're not going to renew your dolphin He didn't take it right And last year when they were having the Like to see things i'm whiter called That I don't need of it You don't get your tickets i got to claim on Get in in in in you want on and on about it and now you're saying i'm not going to get them But what do me's got a claim on them? Fat rich is already got them Oh Nobody's got any color now You don't return here I'm just seeing he goes though Wayne said it You can put a claim on see the ticket And not a somebody on the right No those tickets were never in my name They were always in somebody else's name So they're winters not going to get on He's not don't worry about Good I call somebody a no Here's a plantation hello No I'll deal Yes First of all i'm glad i moved about Yeah What can i say you know Okay great howdy is a nightmare And I know i have to come here to work every day And i i i i i i i i i hate every second of it The drive here is that once you get to date county is a nightmare And this this the date county has been turned into his surface This is not a civilized place to look I put them in my ammy City of Miami Really what else can they do if they The care what's better What else to vote else they get to Who has have the balls to enforce the god damn law That's what they can do Is have some balls and stop pandering and pandering and pandering The certain different constituents These every time they stick their finger out the window To see which way the wind is blowing What they ought to do is read what the god damn law says and started forcing it I know but Stop playing this god damn will We'll keep the goes on and date county You've been through the time of 38 52 but they're damaged So how how how how how how how difficult what it be to arrest those people And to bring order back to the streets of the criminal Five four days off because it's your arrest 100 Cuban You're gonna have 500 Cubans no, I don't believe it for I don't believe it for a second I do I think that I don't all the Cuban That are America how many people are involved in that hunger strike over there? They're here. I'm not gonna hold five five But you know what if one of them dies? I bet they'll be 25 one. Why is one of them gonna die? If they do if it's you know Even over there for two years So in other words what you're saying What you're saying What you're saying You have to be how you have to let a sir You want to have a conversation to just want to ramble on Now go ahead What you're saying is we have to let a handful of people dictate the quality of life in this community And whatever they do will sit back in power because we're afraid if we do something about it A lot more people are gonna do it. That makes a lot of sense Yeah, well unfortunately You know that Like I said I'm glad I believe I'm the flower yeah, well guess what we're coming up to proud to get your ass Wanted idiot here is Miami. Hello? Hello, yes sir Yes, first of all is there is a double standard here two a two-long system That's violating our constitutional rights and we should sue our two a petition on our recall and get those people out of off Yeah, hold your breath now if anybody gets killed there They should be help be responsible and accessory to murder. Yeah, and secondly They need to start checking people's papers and get rid of the illegal There's too many illegal down here and they're strong all our benefit. Yeah So that that's all I have to say okay open line of dates 751 see this whole business about illegal aliens having rights That's I don't want to get back into that again. I mean that's just it's instant sanity Doesn't go on in any other country anywhere in the world and this is one of the biggest flaws with a whole so-called immigration policy Which we don't really have one but it's insanity Basically what is said it's like a big message it's like getting a bullhorn and bouncing to the rest of the world Okay, if you get here even if you come in illegally under any circumstances right away You got rights and that's what got him pissed off in California and that proposition What 87 out there which is the me is one of the most fascistic things I've ever seen because it affects kids like all What you can't go to school and what that does of course is force people to become desperate and just escalate crime out just skyrocketed So the idea that illegal aliens have inelianable rights is the potable crap, but hey, that's America for you man It's 113 the time let me say it again any country that can't enforce a sane immigration policy Can never be a great country like Don Coralion said a man that doesn't spend time with his wife and family can never be a real man before he's smack them on the post And nobody said It's a lot of 13 in Wilder you're in for another week of excitement and fun this week in Pompano Park While looking their eyes Sure you're a fat homophobic racist, but hey don't despair Now there's an extremist way to lose weight Introducing that you can and the goose step into the holdy left right far right third right Come on, let those legs please Mr. McKin We're gonna burn over before the presidential race even begins as an angel race help brother. I'm building a super race Come on, Limbaugh straight night. Hi, does it get those knees in the braves? Yes now you can start the insanity with fat you can and goose step into the oldies Ask for it if I see pretty much change Hey, but you send the peppy cannon G Gordon Lydia over there to fan and straighten the whole thing out. What do you think? I don't know it's 116 in Wilder here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Good new. Yeah. Yeah. How are you doing? Okay, guys. How long have you been in business? About 25 years. Right? About about over 25 years yeah. Well that's great. Yeah. Yeah. You remember all over the whole world? Are there dumb colleges? Is this sound like a really dumb call? No no. Bob Lasser will go. Yeah. Okay. Bob Lasser Let's go to a curlgavele, so long. Yeah. You look good morning. Yes, sir. Okay, um. I'm on my way to work this morning And I see a bunch of human approaches right here and in curlgavele I'm trying to studentize. You think you're going to be a little bit civil. There are up there to start of the road. Dreaming in LVLQ but a whole bit. Yeah. And my problem is this. These guys look extremely educated well dressed and do the types which don't be much. But anyway, they're there shouting swearing. I do not swear. I'm just wondering why I'm not helping America. I'm not helping how you know leave it to the Lurch like that. Not helping what? Well, bringing another 21,000, and refugees from Guadalamo in here. They don't think it's enough. Well, I see. But this is how do we just bring everybody over here? Well, this is my situation. I am American American, I'm American, I actually am American gay male. I have great respect for the Cuban heritage and Cuban people. But what I don't like and the same like the same reason I don't like it in gay man is how a sense it is. I believe that anything that's offensive and if they get on this bandwagon. You don't like what in gay man. Well, this whole queen movement like this whole South Beach third of those that the sense is homosexuality. Offensive, how you mean talking about people like a lot in march up and down in dragon and campy. Yeah, exactly. Like we were that. Those people are an embarrassment. But this is how I'm now equating them. And if we had a stereotype which is exactly your right. That's exactly what these people are doing. And that's why I'm saying that's why it's imperative that other Cuban people in this community which I hope is the overwhelming majority who don't go along with people like Block and Estates and disrupting everybody's life. It's very important that they open up their mouth and speak out against it. But you'll let's put till we were now because these guys that I think are able to seem to be, you know, close of the harmony of mother. I know about 15, 20. So what does that mean? Well, it means that there's dirty now a group of people that I didn't think would actually get on the bandwagon. So if you saw if you saw Pat Buchanan and Gordon Litty and Bob Dornan all dressed up in suits out there, they'd look like pillars of the community and they got lots of money. They're driving big expensive cars. What is that prove? Exactly. And luckily hopefully there's only a handful of them. Well, I mean, that's a curious thing. I mean, I didn't think I would see it from that sort of group. Well, it is. I've got a fanatic. You've got fanatical people in the area every segment of society. Yeah, I got the upper to the lower man and everywhere in between. Very. Well, let's just look at my amicotermin or some sort of people that have sent in here just to stick to the cars and not for the issue at this point. Okay. Okay. Thank you. On a date 751 to on a green line, Boi, tell you, we sure probably sure value those green lines. They got we put passion bones on here. So could really expand that whole of bank agree lines. 1,894 for we don't care in Boken, West Bomb, etc. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Morning. Good morning. You believe the city of Miami is what is going on. Yes. I don't raise. I can't believe that a handful of you that have a wedge part can take up American citizens time. People that are delivering things trying to make money. Yeah. People that are ambulances that are trying to get dying people in the hospital. Right. I mean, the city is letting these people shut the road down. No one's going to jail. This is a little crap. Exactly. I mean, you know, when the city got a wedge up like you was there and take a stand. Is that good? Because there is nobody here. It's got the political courage to speak out against this. Well, I'm scared of crap. 5% of the politicians in Miami aren't using it. Yeah. I mean, though it's just going to be. So I don't want their pantomack. It's a self perpetuating right. Right. I mean, and then I think I think it's ridiculous for them to actually think that it's okay for them to leave their home country. Come over here and say, OK, now Americans need to die for us back in our home town and take over Castro. Is that raised? I don't hear anybody saying that. Well, you know, on the news, how they think they think, you know, what we, you know, Cuba isn't the problem at a whole. It's Castro. And that's American government. You're really capturing and then the problem. God. Well, I, you know, I hate to repeat myself. I'm going to say it again. The overwhelming majority of people in the United States couldn't give a flying crap less about Castro or Cuba. That's just the way it is. It's a. Okay, pal. Have a great life. We have an open line in the Broward 5249463. I mean, you might, they may make an angry or not as the case may be. But that's just the way it is. We have other priorities. Most of us don't give a crap about Cuba. It's just not something that occupies our mind. And are there any justice is going on there? You bet. Are there bad is Castro a douchebag? You bet. Let's go. All, you just, just get the globe of the world. Just get the world back in here. Let's go down country by country and see where there are no injustices. And by the way, speaking of communist, by the way, when I was over in Europe and they had the elections in France and they had regional elections in Italy. And there were some regions in Italy where the comment is party got like 14, 15% of the vote. And I forget what they got in France, but they got a pretty healthy chunk of the vote over there too. So Cuba is not the only place in the world where we still have communist as I hate to break the news to you. So I have a 22 in WWE, or DSP where the best piece of Italian food is now, tell you that's an easy question. It's right over there in Italy. Oh, oh. Yes, that more can be heard in the preliminary show 2 to 6. Every afternoon on 610, WWE, or dear. Shopping for a new toy else. 610, WWE, or dear. Can we go through your trash? We need a material. I think it's God. I love him. I don't have any gay affair with him. And I David Copperfield will attempt his greatest escape live on national television. Ladies and gentlemen, by uttering three little words, I will now make Claudia Schipper disappear. I am Jay. Thank you. Thank you very much. And for my next trick, I will now pull a rabbit out of my butt. Come on. It's a good trick. It's David Copperfield. Sirely, a scape from the closet tonight. Looks like a durable to me. It's 1126. And by the way, the asshole that called feel a couple of days ago, I was on my way home. I don't bring my durable store. Okay, pal. Let's go to a Miami. Hello. Hi, I just think the meal. Speaking. I don't know the meal. Let me say it again. Speaking. Okay, if I have to like do a song in advance, if I have to give you my shoe size, to prove it to you, I don't we don't have time for that. Well, you know what? You just speak now forever holding it. Okay. Listen, I wanted to talk to you because you were mentioning about how, you know, Cuban Americans always hyphenate their name, you know, Cuban Americans. I didn't say always. I said I don't like hyphenated any any hyphenate people. I agree 100% with you. I don't like it myself, but I'll tell you what. My parents were born in Cuba. I was born in the United States. Yeah. Any application that I've ever filled out as far as law enforcement work, you know, in school, I always had to put his spanning. I could never put a American. Well, it was a spanning. Well, it was a spanning. Wait a minute. What is his spanning got to do with Cuban American? You could be from Venezuela. You could be from Colombia. You could be from Mexico for the week. What does that have to do with a hyphenated name thing? But when, when's the last time you ever heard of a Puerto Rican American? Well, you know, I heard it. You have. I've never heard anybody call himself a Puerto Rican American, or he vines William American or a Colombian American, or a Nicarod win American. I've never heard that in my life ever. Well, let me tell you. I'll give you another scenario. My wife is American born near a Carolina Blonde hair blue eye. Okay. My daughter is American. Yeah. Because I'm American. I was born in this country. And my wife is American. Her, you know, ancestry comes from Ireland for hundreds of years. Yeah. Okay. So, is she called herself an Irish American? No, she's a hundal. Why not? I'm American too. But listen, my daughter, Blonde hair blue eye. Okay. Has to put in every damn paper that she's Hispanic. You know, what do you mean she has to? She can put down that she's, uh, Yugoslavia. How the hell are they going to know that? Well, it's school and school. They, you know, they're always saying, well, you know, what's your ethnic business? I think that I'm American. My parents were born in Cuba, but I was born in the United States. But, but Hispanic, let me say it again, doesn't mean hyphenated. Just your ethnic background. It means Spanish speaking. No, not necessarily. Even the Hispanic cannot speak Spanish. It works means. But that's what that's not what it is. Well, that may be technically what it means, but that's not what it is. Well, listen, the bottom line is she's going to great job. I agree with you. Your point of view. So the humans are going up there and stopping traffic. That's what you think Clinton's going to say. Oh, Jesus Christ, the top metal highly is backed up. I better change my mind. He's weren't about the traffic in Moscow right now. He don't give a crap about the bottom. I don't. He's kissing you all since that. Exactly. That's right. Okay, pal. Thank you. How do you Irish American wife? Okay. We have an open line in date. I just don't like that whole hyphenated business man because it's like carrying baggage. I'm a gay American. Uh-oh. I'm a Jewish American. I'm an old fart American. I'm a senior citizen of American. Get rid of a hyphen's baby. Just either. And I don't know what the health difference does it make. If you're an American or if you're Chinese or if you're Italian, who gives a flying crap? Because if you're in this country, the odds are you're probably stupid. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, I'm good. Wither without the hyphen, yes sir. We might not care for we don't make a bus to get the bus there, but they just put down and it's all our things as fully for top there in human. That's good. Next slide. Yeah, that's that. That's that. You don't even have to lie. Just put down human. Here. Everybody's there, I think. And other else you can put down none of you. There's a none of your business. Absolutely. Hi. Now it's all in the bank. Okay, pound. Open line in date. 751, one Broward. 524 and a purple line in the center of one line. I guess the people out there blocking highways near Jaguars don't have time to use their very prestigious cell phones. All our yuppies out there today at Pound IoT. Nothing. I hate worse than go to a ball game or somewhere and see somebody who whip out his cell phone. I can understand, maybe it's a doctor or something, but they have beepers don't they? Yeah, they got beepers. Gotta what pay phone and call in. Okay. Well, somebody's yuppies. They've got to have their little fold up cell phones with a new press. Everybody else around them. Leave it at home, okay? And speak in a ball games. How about those marlins? All right. An ounce crowd of 17,000 last night. The crowds keep doing. Getting smaller and smaller and smaller. And they got pounded again by the reds. And they have a one to game at home. They're on five at home. And they keep losing and losing. So what do you think Wayne's going to do now that he's going to buy the blues disaster on the Marlins too and the Panthers? I guess we better build just a gigantic palace for Wayne or something. Like that. Just to calm him down. Here's a parkland. Hello. Why don't you go back to Cuba? Let's go to a plantation. Hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. I agree with you. I don't give a crap about the Cuban anymore. Where I didn't write about. I didn't say about the Cubans. I said about Cuba. Right, Cuba. I can't correct it. I feel the same way you do. But I like to change the page for me to ask you something about that. Like this is different. Yeah. If you had your choice. Go small business. Or big business. What would you go for? It depends on what you want. Okay. Let's say I'm in this sport. Hey, Kish. I'm sorry. I didn't hear you. Big dish. Big dish. We on a shed overdone. Okay. One other question. You know what those cable boxes are? Traceable. The illegal cable boxes are traced. I don't know nothing about it. Have a nice life pal. All the Broward lines are wide open. I don't know if the illegal boxes are. You know, these are some of you people. Man, what did I say before? If they're in America, they're probably. The odds are overwhelming. They're probably really stupid. All three Broward lines. 5249463. 5241. What's it all about? Let's do a homestead. Hello. Hey, dear. How you doing? Okay. A couple quick points. How about those cable boxes? What do you think pal? If they're traceable or what? He's having a real break when he's. Yeah. Like I said, take the dish and eat off. First of all, with the people calling you talking at the police, they should be doing stuff. You have to realize it. And then one officer said, yeah, they've been told, uh, bug out. Exactly. Right. They're being ordered by the politicians to basically the health the oath that they took. Forget the laws that are being broke. Right. They could do what they want. Well, it's just like the thing with the FHP that goes out there and does all the thing with the radar and the speed traps. They're not doing that because they just unilaterally decided that would be a lot of fun to do. That's what they're being directed to do. That's what the porkers do. They do whatever they're told from higher up. Right. They do. They do. Anybody else out there? If I was stopped my truck down the street. There is there is absolutely no debate. No question about it. If any if any Joe from off the street goes out there and blocks off any road, they're going to get their ass arrested. They're going to get their car impounded total way and that's it. No discussion. No question. You're absolutely right. So why is it that the politicians? Because they're pandering again. Very simple. But when I'm trying to say they're arguing against a dictatorship, but they're showing that they're creating a dictatorship themselves. By. Well that's going on. That's going on for 35 years. Every time we have an art festival here, every time we have any kind of a cultural thing here, we have people being threatened that if they show if they show it display their works because they once had the breakfast. They once had a taco with Castro or something. I mean this cut this county. They county has been living in terror for 35 years now. There's no question about that. Also, many good people about the politicians. Yeah, well hold your breath. Yeah. They didn't see it. And of course, who are the people like about vote? There you go. Cubans. And they county overwhelmingly. They get out there. Even if they haven't got any idea who the hell is on their man. Show me a good Cuban name on there. It's just like the Jews on Miami Beach. It was always the same way. Every politician that Miami Beach up until Alex Dowd was Jewish. And then of course they put him in there. Look with that got him. Cubans vote straight Republican. There you go. Not everyone. There's a few Democrats closet. They won't come out of the closet now. It's a bit ugly. We have two up and lines. It's at Howard 5249463 524WIOD. 1134WIOD. Look, 610WIOD. None of us are on the same page. But it seems to be working. Beware of exploding balls. I'm telling you Moses must have wise his name. How are you my sugar? Have you ever had my device? And how when you both say I say I pray? Moses, sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar. We're the swers. I'm made of apple. I'm a citizen. After a hard day arguing religious law, these thirsty scholars came for their favorite refreshments. Israel light the. The honey did some it's for. Israel light. Small basil like and green tea. And it tastes great. But last a few in. Last. I'll be a shumabi. Israel light. The beer. Chosing by the chosen people. Okay, 1138 at WIOD. And anyway, we got a little group in the other room of nice Jewish kids. And some shumigagi in there where the beanie looks like the pope on a bad day. Lost a lot of weight, Papa. Anyway, they want me to say Dr. Levy is the the Pillsbury doughboy and a shumigagi and a douchebag. Whoever that is, what school is that? What school? I mean school is this. Oh, hello. All right. Let me say it again. I like my Jewish people. Okay. I don't care what you Cuban say. So anyway, it also somebody in there is having a birthday. Who is it? All right. Happy birthday sweetheart. And many more. And I don't care what you say. I still don't want to go to Israel. Okay. All right. Let's go to a curl cable. Hello. I want to see your observative. 7.11. Yes sir. Okay. This thing. This thing with the viewers. I think if you were to make a survey. I think you were to make a survey. I think most people will be stable for what you're saying. I got to believe that. If I didn't believe that, I think I would go nuts. Sure. It's only a form. I know it. We have nothing there to do so. Right. Everyone else is. Or we will not. Even father to go to the small handful of Michigan. I'm right. That's the only thing I have to say is that. Since the past was before in 1969. We have a question. If you were this is not for you. And what you have. What I mean since he took over how about when Batista was there. Yeah. It's been a big day. Right. It's been a dictatorship for as long as we can remember. The only difference being that of course when Batista was in those people who were in a half, those people were like the ruling class. Those people lost everything they had when Castro came in. They all came over here. Like hammer was that he's in the block. Remember? Yeah. And you think it's that. It's a, you know, it's a painful process. You know, but you know. Of course, but they're the first. They're not going back. Hopefully they're home. Let me tell you, go out in the middle of the expressway and block it off traffic. You're protected by any amendment. No, no. I know. I'm surprised. They want to protest. They want to go out of hunger strike. If they want to start eating. Now, lots of balls. Whatever they want to do. That's fine with me. But going out there and blocking off the highway. That's not protected. It is illegal. It's not. It's not even that. You're just trying to go. They need to have the. The. They will be convenient. Yeah. So slap them to push. You bet. Okay. Okay. Open line of day. 7 5 1 9 4 6 3 7 5 1 W I would. Here's point and be chill out. I know. Yes, sir. I do know. You've also. Okay. As far as we know past history. Wars and coming home. It's helped. Yeah, right. Okay. That's your buddy to. The. That's for 4 9 4 6 3. Here's Hylia. Hello. Are you doing deal? Okay, sir. I am a Cuban American. No. Was born raised. You in American. There we go with that. I've been again. Well, I'm a. The. I'm a. I was born raised in this country. I'm a. You're sitting. And I came. My parents came here. 1940s. I came to work from New York. I don't. I don't. Go back to New York. Okay. Anyway, I think that the behavior of humans here is very. Eparas. To a lot of the. The other. The other. They're trying to make something on themselves. Uh. That they think that you know, I think they should just go on with their lives. Become American citizens. Productive members of society. You know what really bothers me the most is we go through different. We keep going through these phases where a few years go by. I mean, like after Mary on everything kind of settles down for. But and then something like this starts up again. No big and small of the people on the way. Exotic. Children can normal. And no정이. All kids come home. They're just going to agree with that problem off run car level. Learning in the road. Despite it, you're. I mean, it's a research. respect the fact that Clinton did what he did. And I've always said that the city of Miami is the only city in America that's got its own foreign policy. But it's true. You know, and two men has not hasn't even been able to sustain a government for more than twenty years. I mean, here's the United States. They sustain the least government for two hundred years. And they don't even, I don't even see it. Don't grab the snow there, part because if it wasn't for America, they wouldn't have their homes. They wouldn't have their families. They wouldn't have their jobs. They wouldn't have their food stamps. They wouldn't have their government benefits, government housing. And prior to 1959, they never had any welfare in this country. So a lot of people like Lincoln D.S. Bullard, who's a strunch, ultra-right wing Republican, all he's doing is use this as a political tool. That's right. And let me tell you, Mr. Farnas even, her, it modified laws for Latin American speaking people. You can get a driver's license in South Florida. You don't have to speak the word of English. Better word of English, only the examination and those driving schools is all a Spanish. We have treated given the correct target for 30 years and all of a sudden the American government makes a decision and all of a sudden it's only just a third-room mentality. I think that the other thing is that country should address this issue that a human to let them know that this is what I decided and they should respect this decision. They have a right to protest, but they have to go right to this respect to America. Okay. Thank you. I'm going to open on in Broward 5249463. Here's, what is it? Hollywood on a purple line. Hello. Hollywood. Yes. Same thing about the English. Can't hear ya. I think you put me on a hole. This guy must be on his speaker thing. Okay. Speaking of that thing with the holes in it and the phone too. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a Jamaican by bird. Yeah. I'm an American guy. Yeah. Okay. These humans are doing this totally irresponsible. Yeah. You know, I was caught in the traffic the other day. I'm telling you, the 836 was a mess. Yeah. And I'm surprised someone didn't take a gun out and start shooting. Well, if this crap keeps up, that's what people are worried about because you know this time and all you got to do is look at somebody cross-eyed. That's it. Yeah. I was watching the news yesterday and this guy blocked the power of the power of the 49th street. And this guy got out of his car and he started punching the crap out of them. Hey, you know, let's face it. The guy wants to go home and these people are in the road and they're lying down in front of the cars and all of that stuff. Yeah. I would just run straight over them. All right. We need some help. Okay, pal. Hi, Neil. Good luck to you. Okay. We give you a lot of points. We have an open line of dates. 7. 5. What month of green line? 1. 849. 4. Here's a marathon. Hello. Merethon is gone. I know. Need? Speak to me. Yeah. With that 40 accents. Speak to me with a 40 accent. Yes. Go on already. Okay. He's gone already. Took him forwards. We discovered he had a 40 accent and he disappeared back into the marathon man. We have an open line. Was that does to hop in open line in date? 7. 5. 1. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. I listened to your program on an awesome today on the way home. I was listening about this Cuban situation. Uh-huh. And I respect your opinion. I respect everybody else's opinion. Let me start by saying that I am American born here in the US. My name is Rita. Right. And my parents are Cuban. Similar to some other guys that called earlier. What I don't understand maybe you can help me with this. I've seen throughout history here that like the government here in the US helped pay tea. Like when they have a problem, you know, and over throw whatever government they have. I don't understand. We will. We will. We will over throw the government. Yeah. I think you have to spread your life. We will over throw whoever's over they're giving them how. You know what? The governor. Why don't they do this with Cuban? Someone in one of the Haitians come over here. What have we been doing with them? You know, President Reagan, what do you do with the introduction program? The intercept of the votes and sent them all back, right? Right. Right. Yeah. Well, you know, I can understand what they're going through. And I particularly, I respect my mom's opinion and my parents and everything. But I realize that there's a lot of people here. I think that maybe they should make some better men and you know, up in the US somewhere. Move them up. They should let them in anymore. They should let who in. You know, the Cuban, everybody. All the Cuban, everybody. All the Cuban, everybody. And some way with that government because I see like like I was telling you earlier, they help all these other people. Like, maybe have the problem when they wait, they had some crazy guy over there. They went over there and they had a war. Now why don't I? Wait, wait, they had some crazy guy over there and Kuwait. Yeah. And why do you think we went over there? That's what I'm referring to. Why do you think we went there? How much oil did they have in Cuba? Well, I don't know. That's what I was talking about. Well, that's why we went there. That's why we went there because we had economic interest. I mean, big ones over there. That's the only reason we went in there. And he said, some crazy guy, you mean Saddam Hussein? Yeah. Yeah. Well, anyway, I take my opinion. Okay. Have a great day. You go. Like I said, man, a little education is a scary thing, especially in the US. We have an open line in Broward 524747 at WIOD. It's the shallow oil company sweepstays speaking of oil, baby. You can play in win right now. You're nearby Shell Station. Every month, you can win a brand new car. Exotic vacations, cruises of C.D. watercrap. I'm OUIOD. You don't need an IQ to call. That's a good thing. How it's banned. What's that supposed to happen to you? What's that supposed to happen to you? You've got about all the same. Big little shame. Still not someone fighting. It's just a little bit hard to feel. You've got a lot of pride in our life. You're getting so close. You're getting close. You never touch the eyes. It's 16. It's new to work. It's fine. All night. You're in those crazy. When it's bad. Who? When it's bigger. It's better. Yeah. When they fill my hand. It touched my chest. Ooh, and it blew. There were my best. It came out of my dreams. And into my life. Oh, how it makes me feel fine. It's 16. It's so beautiful. And it's mine. I feel I'm 52. It's WIOD. And we're going to sum all these problems right here before noon today. And we can cut the crap and go back to being barbarians. Here's Hollywood on a purple line. Hello. Neil Wayne must be given. Because he's just about as arrogant as they're getting down there. Give me an answer. They can lie. Great. Good call. Let's go to a West Palm Beach. I know. Okay. This is really kind of simple. I think true. I don't like that chronic. You're chronic. Get out of here. We have an open line on a purple line. I want to talk to no chronic studio. Okay. We got actually some people. I got something to say today. Most of which still make too much sense. But let's give it a rest. Okay. What you chronic. That's stuffy junior junior. Here's my me sure. Hello. Hey. What's up. Yeah. I don't know. Why the hell these humans get off thinking that they deserve special treatment. I mean, I don't get it. I mean, the US has, you know, we don't sit. What can I have both did you come in off of pal? I didn't come over that all for one here. Yeah. But where your parents come from? Well, my parents. Well, my mother's from Haiti. My father. Yeah. He came here legally now. And I think you didn't hear me. Did you hear me illegally? Trace this call, George. What? I said, uh, hope you have a great day. Okay. If you have an open line of dates, some five one one on a green line. One eight hundred nays. Parents came from Haiti. Yeah, right. With dizzy, our nose no doubt. Here's the market and Carmen Miranda. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Don't understand why these humans are here. Here we go again with these Cubans again. See, if you really believe that I'm going to sit here. I listen to this swivel for the next couple of weeks. Three three men man. But the problem is that. These Cubans. You mean, the which Cubans that we talking about. All Cubans. Just the ones that are characteristic. Yeah. No problem with Cubans. As a whole. But he's a whole. How you spelling it. H. Go. Yeah, that's what I thought. Okay. But see that this supposed to do pass is a policy. Yeah. That they have to apply to Cromter. I've got a friend from Sweden. We had a five in Korea. A sponsor. Yeah, but Sweden's not a communist country man. See this whole thing. They keep going back to this damn policy that was about to eight million years ago. Like in 1963, and they keep talking about that over and over and over again. Like it's in perpetuity. Like it's going to go on forever. Like we have an endless room at D in here, which it is not. And the government has the paragative of changing any and all immigration policies. Anytime they want. I know that may come as a shock to some people. But guess what? That's the deal. Yes. That's the way. That's the way. Just better stand. Okay. Well, I don't understand either. When you can explain to Cromey back. Open line of Broward five to four. A little knowledge is a dangerous thing. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. Dale, the guy said you can learn how to drive and Spanish. You can pass the test. You can also reach the two boats that are out knowing one word of the city. Was this Sandy Payton? No. Yeah. Pointed this. You think you really try to help out here this time? The Allen Simpson has the bill up there. Dive, scale. Just call your congressman. As the bill has the bill to do what? To repeal the Cuban adjusts the act. You want it up again? It's died last year. Yes. Session. And this is the time to actually get it through. I know the guys and the congresspeople are not going to help out. Stayed County. This is a big problem. But for those who have your audience live down their handbrower and pombage. Just get on the door and phone. And let me say one other quick thing if I can't. I would like to really urge all of the platelets of your station for even not registered to go both of them. Yeah. Well, no really. Very quickly. Yeah. Yeah. I mean hurt a lot by people like Joe and King Ridge for going gunna. Okay, listen. I just want George is going to send you over so Fox. You've been as address you can stand out. Okay. Hi, no. We have an open line in proud. Does you want to make a political speech for get it? We don't do that in this show. I'm not going to turn this into a goddamn political forum for all those you people want to play one against the other. They're never crashing to Republicans. Put them in a goddamn barrel. And they all stink. Okay. They all suck. In fact, we can thank this president right now for the great research and the fact that we have a right wing finaticism in this country. Bill Clinton has done more to research fascism in America than any of the anybody I can remember since Jimmy Carter by the way. And the problem is we have like a whole generation of people. The only Democrats they know were Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton. God help us, baby. God help us and clock pepper, of course. And walk in Latin with this pills flow is a peaceful approach. Here's my, me. Hello. Hey. Thank you for the people. Okay. Bye. Good call. Open line of day 751 1 1 and Broward 524. What a jackass. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I just want to say this. If you're going to go down there and make it to your wrist. We should just go down there. You go right ahead, pal. Okay. Will arrest your ass. So guy, damn fast. You will know what hits you. Okay. And be like rumbles. Still. He's going to go on down there. You're just another pussy on the other end of the phone. You are a man big talk behind the anonymous. Send it. A guy damn telephone. Okay. Talk in into a bunch of little round holes. Making big noise. Okay. He's going to come on down there. He might be that asshole from Lutz that used to come around on us. You went. We're coming down there. We, we are coming down there. Yeah. Come on down. Here's a lady in. Hey. Hello. Yes, man. Yes. I'm calling you. I'm from the Cuban business. Oh. The Cuban business. Thank goodness for nail. The Cuban business. What are you about seeing this is that? Part of this is the garden. Part of this is the garden. I'm not going to get the altar right away. We alter right away. We don't want this. The Santa's Castro. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. How about Jesse Helms? He's not Cuban. Yeah. How about Dorn and he's a fascist Nazi son of a gun. Yeah. I agree with you. And don't forget to give me a few. Thought I was going to say son of a bitch. But I'm not going to say that. Yeah. You could say. I've been looking for you at this 1978. Good for you. I love you. You're the first one that is making the word liberal. I couldn't word. I'm not sure. That's what these Nazis have done. They made liberal authority. What else? What was wrong with being liberal? What's wrong with being poor? What the hell's wrong with being poor? I didn't know. What is everybody have to be a coup stepping Nazi in American today? What's that all about? That's the coup. We have to get rid of it. And they call it a crime. Which isn't a Bob Dorn in his nation. All rotten, hell, amen. Have a nice day. And thanks, Mom. We have an open line in date. 751 on a green line. What 800 nine. You know how it is. Here's Boca on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, enough of this human who will fucking around. Yeah. What if you put the asshole song on an endless loop or else start to write me around? It's buzz out to you that says call on this Cuban sub-dip. Okay. We'll pause the right out, pal. Let it do. Let's buzz him out. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Window. Hola. Pronto. Long gone. Open line of date. 751. Here's Carl Springs on five. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. Hey, do we get those F-dip? You look before? No, I did not. Okay. I guess the point is you want to hope you all could still do this. We mean get some form. Yeah, that's what, where do you get them? I tell them. Huh? Well, why can't you tell me? Well, we're home to come back. I have to live it off three days. Well, that would be great. Okay. Hang on. Now we're talking business. Okay. Hang on, amigo. There's an important call on five. He's got some filters for my AC and all the other crap. Nobody cares about this. Let's get something for free, baby. Or at least wholesale. If you're going to make you a, at least get in wholesale, that's what I always say, right? Exactly. So, and they're all applauding in the other room. I know where it's at. And believe me, you can get a better beanie than that. Okay. I can get one for you wholesale. I look to have a lot better. I mean, a designer beanie. And that one that looks like even a pop would toss it. We've had our DNA tested and the results. Certain, not pretty news. Talking Interting the radio. 16 W-I-O-D. Miami Ford Latterdale.