Music Use Toggen Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neo Rogers Show to talk with the O'Colson 5-1 WIOD from Dave 524 WIOD from Rower outside the 305 area code is toll-free 18944 WIOD at AT&T Wireless customers can call pound IOD at no charge. Now the Neo Rogers Show On News talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD This is a Gaki stock so carry It's not just Hank Goldberg, it's a hippopotamus Hey stupid In 1971 we bid a tearful goodbye to the doors Well they're back in the 90s as the windows Windows 95 Bill Gates computer hide My computer just went down and I came around with Windows 95 The windows their music is an exactly poetry to the ears of computer users around the world And the windows were breaking high rock to your hard drive Hey come home and get the software second race The windows will bring hard rock to your hard drive I'll do I run you with the momentary The ass this lead me I should get it for free The windows and the windows 95 tour feel free to crash It's been a lot of time with it Okay 10.07 WOD I'll tell you right off the bat Jeff Remer is here today and there are people in the audience saying who the hell is that? Who is Jeff what are you laughing about? Just listening how long have you been here? The only reason you asked me to come in today is because you're now concerned about the Those other guys down the dial sports bed Yeah, that's right. Yeah, you're really a people there So you're you're bringing it a guess the small thing anyway Absolutely and the guy who almost cracked a one share once I think that was during the middle of a hockey season Jeff Remer is here the voice of the a panthers Of course we got the Panthers in heart for the first over the only exhibition game It's gonna be in town on Friday night and then we got to regular season starting next weekend So Jeff came in here to allegedly talk about the Panthers, but we're gonna rip QAM for two hours Then we got what are you laughing about? Not a lot to it Not a lot to it They screwed you over badly Well, they did In fact, you know something you know that Larry just this thing where he's so in us for age discrimination Because we can't because he claims he was too old Rumor it was just the opposite see it was just the opposite he wasn't under the age of ten So it was too old but it was like way too old You're have to be under the age of ten to work over there at QAM The direction of that radio station went south a long time ago a lot a lot long before I got there Yeah, but hey you warned me You warned me before I went on the falling leaves not leaves, but the falling leaves You notice how the gackies out of there now and Dave O'Brien no loss is a gackie O'Brien's a pretty talented guy Dave O'Brien is he left with the door hitting them from behind And he did like the direction the station was going in Yeah and rightfully so Rightfully so I mean they don't want to spend the money they don't want to do sports talk radio They'd rather do the Neil Rogers type show and they're not gonna do it They can't do it And they got the PD on there and they're more what is the name asked for they got the PD on there trying to be a celebrity Asked the woods asking the woods Yeah, well, that's probably where it'll want to have any power anyway It's strictly a signature making job that he's got So how come you got screwed over there? What did you who did your piss off was it's a gackie was it Hank was it because you were friends with me? What is it that you did maybe a combination of all that made you persona non-grader you disappeared faster than the crowd of the number one Number one our philosophies different greatly on how to do sports talk radio They're called or driven although I find it rather humorous now with a collar driven and collar oriented radio station That they've now gone to five hours of syndicated programming in the middle of the day But I was told hey as a flagship station of the Florida Panthers you think they'd want to talk some hockey you talk more hockey than was Ever spoken on QAM and they in fact discouraged it. I mean the gackie was a program director Because he didn't like hockey. He knows nothing about it. And he doesn't like it It doesn't like it because as you say he doesn't know a lot about it But one of the great great stories about Joseph Gackie that I ever heard was one night the great late John Moynihan had as his guests Red hour back John Wooden the Hall of Fame UCLA coach and Jim Brown the Hall of Fame football player the next morning He was called on a carpet because why because he didn't talk about the great Chinese food restaurants in South Florida Here he has three outstanding guests that sports talk radio on ESPN which is on Saturday and Sunday Sunday evenings on that radio station and they died to have those kinds of guests on their program The gackie says no we don't want you to talk to those people. We want you to talk about the Chinese food restaurants Right exactly like this morning. I'm coming to work Rick and says go into commercial break 20 after we'd have punch over to QAM And as in the woods is doing the sports update and before they go into the scores they're playing a cut from Melrose place from last night A little piece of the audio some breathy brought on there from Melrose place. They just don't get it. They don't get it at all I didn't want to talk about having sex while watching my favorite sports event and if that's a sports talk radio station Then we've got some problems. Yeah, we've got some major problems, but hey I don't want to I don't want to I don't want to sound like it's our grapes and he came on this show so we could rip QAM and get even with him for screwing them over No, I fact that a couple of his checks bounced the winner. How's that a two-stirt where they're checks bounced it over there? Yeah, there was five of us actually just a few weeks before I left including their morning guide Joe Rose. Yeah You really want to set the title to the title. You want to set the tone with your morning guy and you bounce his check Nice way to go. Yeah, but they made good on it. They made good on I gave you some cock and maybe excuse why it bounced, but hey I knew the end was near when the check didn't go see if you would have used a grease informally If you give him some you were still a teenager you might be on the air over there. I need more than grease and well Maybe you could have seen Chuck Alphay Ari. Okay, so we're going to talk to Jeff from about the Panthers are coming up. He don't want to see to red trash QA a much longer, but what's the trash look at the rain Yeah, check the numbers. Yeah, check the numbers if you got good eyesight. Okay, and then no one we're going to do the OJ thing. How we cooking on here by the way There was a pre previous August when a man who did a slide in this on this as a mark here real screamer Speaking of screamers Jeff bosses in either what are you doing here? You got like a 10-team actor What I see he was going to be here. He probably brought some of what he said. Oh, he brought me the pens that would he graper stole Like I said always good to see my friend Jeff There's the game Hot standoffence Then there's the story of the game on sports talks 610 He's one day night joined Defoe in the Mad Dog for sports talks 610 Go for an addition live from Flanagan's Cafe on 125th Street between 95 and Viscayne in North Miami Beach every week You'll get the story of a fans game right from the players themselves. Plus you can win some big prizes Like a pool table from brand billion the best when it comes to quality bill your tables just on by and register the pool Table be given away at the end of the season each week. You can grab a pair of Bushnell binoculars the eyes of a sports fan And two pairs of cruise passes on Europa C crews you're winning ticket to Las Vegas style exciting on South Beach Chip Fred Street Phantom all the first necessary complete contest rules available to the planet against gas transportation For sports talks 610 provided by our Bach and Shannon luxury ground transportation called 1-800-733-2669 for your limo today Don't miss Defoe in the Mad Dog live Monday night at Flanagan seafood bar in grill on 120th Street between 95 and Viscayne in North Miami Beach You've got to do it 610 WIEOD burning up foam lines all over South Florida Okay 1015 at WIEOD Jeff Irmer is here. We're going to give a big boost to the Panthers because the season starts in just a few days Jeff Mosses in here and I thought he was really here to give me the pen and that other nice gift he's just here looking for free a promo again Tomorrow they got select the seats from 11 in the morning at 2.00 a.m. to noon at the arena the ice is down You can go there and see the ice Well, thanks God. Why is that a big thing? Thank God at least somebody here in South Florida will talk hockey Yeah, and we'll make a family and effort I told him he was French. That's what Wayne always says thank God for that goddamn meal Wow, is nobody says well he says that because sometimes You may be just a little bit off base and you're thoughts about the Panthers at high zing How do you like that like as in there moving out of town like where do I get most of my information? Well, let me just say this and like Mickey Eris and his try to drive the Panthers out of the sea Well hey and you and Dave Hyde are the only two people in South Florida that have had the co-hunters to And David's Jane Ealer whatever. Well David Neale. Okay, that make that three that have the co-hunters to have gone forward and said hey This might be the problem and in fact it is the problem. There was a meeting last week and I understand still Hysenga despite all the stuff that you throw at him is willing to not only buy the land that it will take to put the proposed arena at least on some solid grounds So we can keep the franchise here, but it'll go a step further and obviously is willing to pay Some of the money that it's going to cost to build the thing the fact of the matter is he's going to lose 40 million dollars in the next three years. Why can't that 40 million dollars go towards building the facility as opposed to continuing Losing money in the Miami arena? Yeah, and I'm sure he's prepared to make that choice. In fact, I talked to Bill Tory yesterday yesterday the president now Hall of Famer another Hall of Famer on the Panthers. Well any other one. Daddy, podvan, one of your favorite people. That was tongue out. You see we're in supposed to say that. I promise you I wouldn't get you a thing. You got to work with a guy and always a your big fan of his. So let's just skate right on by the point is the point is Yeah, you're tough. The point is this that Wayne Hysenga has already said he and you'll see this is matter of record is already said to the people that obviously are involved in this whole effort to keep the Panthers here in an arena here that he will not take any profits out of the arena if they build the arena he wants to build a first class facility. But it goes beyond the 40 or 42 dates the Panthers will play in it. It goes beyond the 40 or 42 dates of the Miami heat will play but it's an arena that we can use what? Another 200 days of the year to bring major events to self-floor to so it goes beyond the Panthers and he's having a home to play. Well what are you on his payroll hour? What? It sounds like you're paying $1.00. I understand it but it sounds to me like you're peddling how great this is going to be for the community and it is. If it is you think that these two guys would jump into it head over heels. Let's let all our money. Let me tell you something right now. I just came. Well not so recently now but I came from Baltimore. As you know one of the great football teams of all time the Baltimore Colts. They are no longer. They're often Indianapolis with the Drunk Barber Ursa. Fact of the matter is when they left in a snowstorm in 1983, Baltimore did an about face. They didn't want to get involved in building a new stadium for the Colts. They didn't want to get involved in building a new stadium for the Orioles. And what happened? They lost a major sports franchise that in reality plays what? 10, 12 home games a year but the fact of the matter is it brought something economically to the city. It brought something in a prestige way to the city. And the fact of the matter is now they are begging, begging. The National Football League to bring back an NFL team to Baltimore. Willing to give them a state of the art facility, turn key operation, no money needed for the facility. The state will pay for it. The city will pay for it and guess what? The NFL says hey, you let this team walk. There's no reason we're coming back. And I went to NFL expansion meetings. I went to NFL league meetings for three or four years on WBBL. The station I worked for proudly for ten years. And the fact of the matter is today they are not any closer to getting an NFL team than they were the night. The Colts left in a snowy March early morning hour with the Mayflower moving trucks moving in. And I'll tell you what, the city has never been the same. And the same thing will happen here in South Florida. After this team leaves, what will happen? Mickey Eris and a year or two down the road, it will say with Pat Riley and toe, this facility isn't good enough. This facility is inadequate. And if you don't give us, if you don't give us a suitable arena, then the heat will go the way of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, of the. But in the meantime, Mickey, you just hit on it. Mickey Eris and Zahironau. In fact, I never before until he hired Pat Riley. Anybody ever defend him. And then, you know, I come on and I tell these people that Mickey Eris and Zahironau, you know, when he said. It's tarde and. Tim, you took produit, what hit you? So it happened. So it's the right to get it out of the water. Never, because hundreds of you were back, and did that to you, but you fixed it up on it but it's perfect to take you out. Ok so we're pretty sure now, we just bottom-uped him, and we should have done it right before him, because to get a gun and sign the<|nn|> and he is now wipe out with a rubber stick, right? Maybe okay this put that at an event, you just could put a notarized Pat Riley and the salvage of the team they believe so you can not make eirison man. Well, even if it's true, they don't want to line. The line is the two have got to get together. Aeroson and Haisin. They want, or at least I know that the Panthers want to come to the table, build a facility and not strictly at taxpayers' expense. But the fact of the matter is, where the politician's stepping up because I'll tell you, you can go to the governor of the former governor in Maryland, then mayor of Baltimore, and I left hospitality rooms with him in tears. Because the legacy that he left in Baltimore later became the governor of the state was that he let the cults leave in the middle of the night. And he hadn't been able to forget about it. Well, you should leave the building with me someday. You know, want to be with somebody who isn't tears. Okay, 1021 at W.I.O.D. Jeff Irmer is here. A gooseen up the Panthers, which we're trying to desperately to do. Don't forget, select a seat date, and we're all 11 to 2. Jeff Moss will be there. You can go out to taking by your season tickets. You can buy at the box office, your individual game tickets in the CDIs, and get in the mood because it's going to be starting with the exhibition game on Friday. 610 W.I.O.D. learning to be humble, but not making much progress. Oh my god, if you play Hank over to him, I'm going to fucking throw a lot. Okay, I won't put you on a spot and ask you about Hank, because I know you and here are very tight. You got a long real well, and that's the end of that. Okay, he's rolling his eyes. I know you want to be Mr. Noncomidil, because one day you want to wheeze your way back in there. You're figuring they're going to carry the Panther games on Chris Moro. I know he'll carry the Panthers. You think so? Yeah, when you won't be doing a man. I talk to your general manager, you'd like to have the Panthers here. Oh yeah? Now the guy's here. He says a lot of things. He just rambles in co-herently. Anyway, I don't want to spend a whole two hours talking about the arena or not. But I mean, if we don't have the Panthers next year, it makes the season, you know, to know that number one, it's a lame duck season. And number two, Wayne is already set up by the first and November. He's been doing this since the World of the Self-Lord of Politicians. Let them stand up and be counted. Where were the politicians just a couple of weeks ago when they had breakout 95 over Joe Robby Stadium? I was there both days. Saturday, it was a mob scene outside the stadium. There were something like 5, 6000 people there on all these portable roller rinks playing either street hockey or roller hockey. It's brought an identity to self-lawdance. One of the fastest growing sports. And there was nobody there. Nobody from the political arena. Excuse me. But going back to the end of last season, the end of the short and season, he starts giving deadlines. First it was going to be some time in a summer. Then it was going to be later in a summer. Now he says by the first of November, if he doesn't have a commitment, then he's going to have to start making a deal to move the team out. Now, how is it going to be? If the early November we never said, let me go just correct you. One thing he never said that he would move the team out as of November the first. He said he will have something to say. He didn't say. Well, happy. I don't know what he's going to say, but I'll tell you. He never said that he was going to move the team. But also, he doesn't. He doesn't. He doesn't. He went to the team here and fell. Look what they went through and Quebec for crying a lot. That was at a grace. That thing was going on for a month there for it. How about New Jersey? They're playing the Stanley Cup final. So don't tell me about self-lawdance. They want to Stanley Cup there. They didn't know when they hoisted the cup at the metal ends arena. They're going to have a hockey team there. But as you were playing in New Jersey and you had the chance to get out. That wouldn't be something that would be a negative. You'd be looking forward to it. Get out of Jersey. Well, I'll tell you it's a greater arena, but New Jersey ate for me. No, and it's not for them either. They don't. They have a Phantom Support there in New Jersey. They don't have like a real great fan of. Well, the problem is there's three teams in the metropolitan New York. And the defenders don't have a real fan base anymore either. And they've got a bad arena too. The NHL's got some problems ahead. The salaries are just out of control. And the arenas. Many of them are outdated. New York Islanders went Dennis Podvand and the others won all those Stanley Cups was a great was a great arena. It's now outdated. They need a state of the art facility as well. And if you're going to keep these teams and what are Pegas playing a lame duck season, they're going to Minnesota. And they're going to Minnesota, which Minnesota, I guarantee you just as sure as I'm sitting in this chair, Minnesota bombed before. What the league is thinking about? I mean, Gary Batman needs a shrink. They need serious help. What are they thinking about? I don't care how much money they're dangling anybody's face. They failed before. They were given tickets away and they couldn't feel the seed. I don't know that either. I don't know how much about that. I knew Hockey is King in Minneapolis simple. And they held draw and have a draw did our draw the North stars for years. Years. And even on the hills of when the North stars had that great year, what four or five years ago when they had the great season and played the Penguins in the finals and they still weren't drawn. Atlanta, they talk about Atlanta potentially being a. A few on the other place that already failed. The trustees there, but they're going to build a state of the art hockey facility. facility and they will get an NHL franchise there. Portland, Oregon, where would you ever think that Portland would be a host of an NHL team? Well, why would you be looking at more expansion when there's so many teams already in trouble? That's what I don't understand. This is what's killing all the NHL needs the money. The owners need that influx. There's no television deal. They need the expansion fee. What had hezing a pay? $50 million? Right. So before we even talk in terms of his losses today, talk in terms of the start, let's talk in terms of the start-up cost and the $50 million franchise fee. When he bought the team, Blockbuster Park was still going to be a reality if you recall. And had Blockbuster entertainment after he paved the way for Blockbuster to take over, had they kept the plans that we wouldn't be sitting here discussing the Panthers and potentially leaving this area based on the fact that they'd have an arena to play in, hopefully in the next year or so, but it's not going to be. So what's your guess? Let me put you on the spot. What's your guess? If the politicians get involved and understand that they're not building an arena for Wayne Hezinga, they're not building an arena for the Panthers or not building an arena for others, is that going to happen? I'm hoping that there'll be some public problems. I'm not asking if you're helping or if you think it's, I'm asking if you think that's realistically going to happen. Yeah, I think the Panthers will stay. I've got to think that way. Wishful thinking. It is. It is a lot of a thing. Hope that they stay, but I just don't see that with no one to politics and even look at Joe Robby. Same thing. I mean, the dolphins was the only thing. There was no Marlins. There was no heat. There was no Panthers. The dolphins were the only game in town. And back in those days hurricane, you could have your own section of the Orange Bowl for the hurricanes. Nobody cared. And Joe Robby would have moved that team out of here if he wouldn't have been able to put the financing together himself. If you're looking at pointing fingers, maybe the, the finger pointing should be in the direction of the politicians here in South Florida. The state, the local. Those are the people that should have the fingers pointed in their direction. I didn't even mention the 8,000 people that were at hockey fast at the four lots, right? More lottery or convention center. It was amazing. You couldn't walk. Literally could not walk around that facility. The place is crazy for hockey. NHL, ruler hockey, street hockey. And the politicians in South Florida are going to let this team walk away. That's a mistake. And I'll tell you, Hizing is willing to make a bigger commitment than anybody said to this point in time. Okay. So the bad guy is Mickey Eris and the politicians as of right now. Okay, let's talk about the team that we're going to have. We got a new coach. Now let's back. Well, he wants a piece of you too. I got a piece for him, okay. Want a piece of me for crying all of the guy. He didn't even start at the season and haven't even got a piece of the one. He doesn't want you to say things that you had said last year as a matter of fact about Roger Nielsen, which we're all true in which you were agreeing with. What he laughed about the guy is gone now. He's insane. Lewis sitting up there at the end of the bench plan. He's taking the show. I can't say a thing. Yeah, right. Roger Nielsen, come on. Let's hear about Roger Nielsen. You know, once in a great while, even Chris Moore, even the deadly Chris Moore at the end of some of those broadcasts. I'll be getting an a car and drive it home and it's got comes on here. And once in a great while, or some of the times when you were on there doing the color when a game wasn't being televised, you guys ripped into Roger Nielsen for exactly the same reason. The team was playing at Goddam Clutch and grabbed that boring style. There was no offense. Guys who were sticking the joint out if they were Roger's favorites. If they were, he played favorites. You can't do that. It was very frustrating when the hockey, I don't want to mention Joseph Reller, Brian Benning, when the hockey team had an early lead, one nothing. They kind of go in that pre-venty show for the last 55 minutes. From that standpoint, I think Panther fans are going to be very excited about the product they see this year. But what is really encouraging are the good young kids that many we might see in the next year or two. I'm still not 100% hopeful that all these kids that are impressing a training camp are going to be on the hockey club. But one thing for sure, they're going to play a lot more exciting hockey. They may not win as many games and be in a playoff hunt. But then again, Murray and McLean both say that they intend to make the playoff with a hockey club. It's going to be awfully tough though. They're in a tough division. They're in a tough conference. But the fact of the matter is, there's some exciting times they had. Hopefully here in South Florida because there are some good young players in Brian Murray told me to tell you personally that I won't be too long before the Panthers just annihilate your favorite team. The main Panthers. Yeah, fat chance. No, but it is good that this season. Now last year that abbreviated season, it was a nightmare. It was better than nothing at all. I'll grant you that. And we didn't have a little bit of excitement, especially with the flyers I would say in a playoffs. We had some exciting playoffs. The devil's not, which will give that thing about the obstruction rule later. But the fact is that it was a real bummer not to be able to see the teams in a Western conference. You got not just the Leafs, but you got the same Lewis and Arizona exciting team. The Red Wings are an exciting team to watch. Now, granted, it's tough playing a lot of those teams. I can't take too many teams that are going to be more exciting than Vancouver this year. Let me tell you a team to watch and they may be here. I think early in the season, I don't have my schedule in front of me, but I think the black hocks are here and October or November. Or November. You're early. It's going to be gone, by the way. Just like I told you that. I got a rumor for you. Yeah. I got the rumor the day. And the hot story, like, got even calling me at home to tell me. See, this is why I had you in here because I got a dentist appointment to say I've known. And I can't sit around waiting for the guy to am phone to ring this afternoon all day. Let me tell you that there's a three-way deal pending between the Islanders Winnipeg and Chicago. Now, Kachuk, who's one of the outstanding young players on the league, is not going back to Winnipeg. We'll not be signed. The Islanders are proposing a trade where they'd say in Wade Redden, who is their number one pick and outstanding young defenseman and Scott LaChance, another good young hockey player to Winnipeg and exchange for Kachuk. Kachuk then would be flip flopped to Chicago for Jeremy Roenick. And apparently what's holding up the deal right now is talk that Steve Thomas, Chicago would like to have Steve Thomas included in the deal. He played in Chicago previously. Yeah, but I keep hearing the Panthers once, Steve Thomas. Yeah, the Panthers were not going to get him. I don't think so. Don Maloney won't even return Brian Murray's phone calls now because he's upset that the Panthers thought and thought hard about even offering Steve Thomas a free-age and contract. Well, it's picking a bill, toy by the way. Rose had him on a couple of mornings ago there on QAM and Joe really being on top of things as well. When you guys going off for the BZR contract, he's got a contract. We, well, the rest of us who know about anything know that already and of course, and then there was the thing about long-term contracts and all of that. Joe's too busy talking damn arena football. Yeah, I got that job on the fact is that this team tried to trade the BZR. I mean, let's lay it on the table. I mean, he's here now. He shut out Winnipeg the Islanders. That's seven, nothing game. But the fact is nobody wanted him. Well, hardest that may be to believe for a lot of people. Nobody wanted him. Again, it's an economical thing and it's the fact that John Van B's broke has a label that when things get tough, he doesn't play his best hockey. But take a look at St. Louis for a rather, with their throw-around money like it's coming out of a faucet. Aren't interested in him? Mike, you know, yeah, but wait a minute. Mike Keenan signs Grant Fior. He gives up five goals in 12 shots the other night. The crowd is booing mercilessly. Every time he would stop like a clear in pass and just shoot into the corner, the crowd was derisively cheering him. They already realized that they've got a stiff there. And this guy's getting like, how much is he getting paid there? Over a million dollars. Over exactly. I went to Hawaii this summer. Probably never going to play a game for the blues. I went to Hawaii this summer and you should go. I know you're going to be going to Hawaii at some point, but Maui's the place to go and we've had our debates about that one. But I get into the hotel check in. Who's the first guy I see. Grant Fior. He's overweight. He looks like he's on his shape, which he was because he even passes physical. But this guy said, well, I said, Grant, I thought you were going back to Edmonton. He's from Edmonton. He was going to go back and play with the oilers and live at home from Sprusegrove, Alberta. He said he was going home until the blues offered him so much money. He had to take it. And that's Mike Keenan. But Mike Keenan does not like John Van B's bro. So what is that? Yeah. Well, it tells you that Detroit now, Van B's brocks a native of Detroit. Right. Played for little Caesars. Mike, he'll let you the owners. And the midget team came through their system and Detroit at one point slightly interested. And then they went and asked, Dylan, they asked, Dylan, they asked, Dylan, they want of Van B's brock. And he too did not want John Van B's brock. There's only one team that apparently really had some legitimate interest. Mike Milberry and the islanders. He is not satisfied with his goal, and he nor should he be. And especially won't be satisfied with his defense if they give up two young defensemen like Redden. And the other kid, La Chance, for Cachuk and then Flip flopping for Ronic, Ronic could be playing on a hockey team with nobody else there. On the island, there's one team that I know the Panthers will finish well ahead of. But even Mike Milberry isn't willing to pay the price to it would take to get a John Van B's brock. You're not going to give them away. Okay. So that's a real confidence booster. 1037, a WODG. Jeff Remer is with us. We're talking Panther hockey. The most successful offer in Southeast Florida history is now bigger and better than ever and only Kendall Toyota's got it. The close out the 1995 model year, Kendall Toyota will pay at least four grand for your trade no matter what condition it's in no matter what kind of a piece of record is if you can get it down there, man, they'll give you a foreground toward the purchase of any brand new 95 Corolla DX Corolla wagon, Camry DX Camry, LA, Camry V6, Camry XLE, Passio Salica, Avallon, T100, Previivan, Tacoma, Truclan Cruiser, Super or FourRunner, left-in stock. And like I said, get least four grand for that trade and everybody who buys right now a Kendall Toyota gets an AT&T cellular phone at no extra cost. You can't beat him anywhere in town anywhere in a state anywhere in the world, Kendall Toyota on US-1 just out the daydland. Price is based on MSRP excludes select models not conjecture with any other offer or price. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers on WIOD are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. All WIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated. No take recordings of transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated. Okay 1040 at WIOD, Jeff Rimmer is here basically because he's sick of playing golf and he's been sitting around on his ass for months and months now waiting for the damn hockey season to start again because he got screwed over at QAM and he's been calling me on a phone and driving everybody nuts and now we're getting ready to start the season again. So Doug McClain is the new coach. We got rid of Roger. You obviously were little on an on-committal side there. You didn't want to say too much because you never know you might want to do an a blues game someday. But I understand the way you work. I mean this guy's a smooth operator. He's always covering his ass a little bit because he might be working over here. He might go to Toronto, replace Steve McDonnell on global all the way up my doubts. He might go to Pittsburgh. Mike go to Pittsburgh replace Mike Lang at the KBL. No. No thanks Mike. Mike's a legend in Pittsburgh. And and listen you got to stop saying like he's my wife. My wife buys my wife. I do not like this like. Oh, is it a personal thing or what is it? Nothing personal. I like Mike Lang. I just don't like the stick. That's all. What is that? Wow. Michael, Michael, motor, cycle. Yeah. So in other words, the guy's got personality. I like personality. What is it? Hockey can definitely go on. Why does he? Why does he? Why does he? The valvus has left the valvus. I had him on a year. You heard today. I had him on a year. I hear he's the best ever. The best talking announcer in the history of the sport. I thought Bill, he was next to Mike Lang. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well, Bill, he was great. We didn't have any personality. Mike Lang. He wants to go about Toronto announces and you know this. All the way, we'll say Joe Bowen's got a little personality. I know you don't like him that much. He's a great. But he's a screamer. That's a personality. Bob Cole is great. But you got to admit no personality. None. Zero. Bob's a great announcer. That's the valvus. The late Dan Kelly. No, he was not the best of all time. He was great. But if I have to hear again. Hey, it's all so objective. There are a lot of people that don't like you. Next you're going to tell me. Bob, John, don't like me. John Kelly is the best. Now is that also supposed to be a secret or not? No. Talk about that on here. I mean, they're a whole bunch. Where did I just start this? So you man, it matters to tell again Roger Nealson. You keep back and off that damn Roger Nealson thing. I was going to talk about Doug McLean. In fact, we got a new coach. A lot of people said, well, he worked with Brian Murray and Detroit. He's just going to be a yes man. Brian's really pulling the strings. And then, of course, you're good buddy, Denise Potpand goes on her and managed in the Default show that not on channel 33 with a bigger exclusive that Brian Murray is going to be coaching the team before he named Doug McLean, which then he had to eat crow about. And I hope it tastes good. I hope he had some horse radish for it. Dennis, you idiot Denise. Oh, you're tough. No, I'm not tough. He went on there with a big exclusive. If you're going to open your mouth, especially on TV and tell people, something, you got to pretend like you know what's going on. And he obviously did not. Brian Murray was never going to coach this team. No, he was not. But I'll tell you, towards the end, it was considered. It was considered by Brian and it was certainly considered by the higher apps in the Panther organization. But the decision was made to hire Doug McLean and talking to some of the players from Greensboro. And I'm going to hit Jacksonville tomorrow to see the team play. I think that it was a good decision. The players really feel loose. And I think they're going to play for Doug McLean and play well. So in other words, you're saying he's not going to be Brian's puppy. He's going to be his own ball of shots. He's going to be his own man. But his Doug McLean says himself, why wouldn't I listen to Brian Murray, third winning his coach in the history of the National Hockey League? And why wouldn't I listen to Bill Tory, the president of the Panthers, a guy that's one four Stanley Cups and building team? Okay, now we got some good young kids, which you talked about. They got Joven Aski, who luckily for us didn't wind up getting charges. You know, they dropped the charges. And but most of the young kids, like you said, are you or two away? Okay. Well, here's, here's the dilemma. Here's the dilemma. Here's the dilemma. Here's the dilemma. Here's the dilemma. Here's the dilemma. Here's the dilemma. I thought I got Philip Buster the other day. Let me not finish the class. Okay, go ahead. I'm sorry. All right. You talk about the young kids and you asked me the question. Most of them obviously aren't going to be here. Well, they could be here. And I'll tell you what the kids are making. It's awfully tough for this organization. You've got a kid by the name of David Nemarowski. He probably has been the biggest surprise and the most impressive of all the kids at camp. A ret Warner, another kid with junior eligibility expected to go back and play in Saskatoon. These kids are playing so well. The dilemma here is that the Panthers have five or six players. These kids could unseat. But when they do that, there's an economical factor in it all. They either have to trade the players. And there are a lot of teams in the same situation that have a lot of players. And quite frankly, not too many takers to the point where unless they buy these players. Out of their contracts, a lot of the veteran players will still be on this hockey club. With a lot of the kids is still have junior eligibility remaining being given an opportunity to go back and play their final year of junior, which may not be the best for the organization, which may not be the best for the kids. Because, quite frankly, if they're good enough to play on this hockey team, they should be here. But it becomes an economic factor. And again, we go back to that arena thing. The Panthers had that arena or the arena did in sight. I don't think it would be a problem with some of the contracts. So the Panthers probably would have to eat. But my point is this. You got a new coach. A lot of people were very unhappy with a style at Roger Play. There were those people who said, well, it's an expansion team. If he doesn't play that clutch and grab, we're going to get blown out of the games. Going to be seven or one. Always going to see that. But the fact is that a lot of people didn't want to see those coma-inducing two-to-one games. And one to nothing games either. You got a new coach, maybe some young players who might make the team. You don't have like any real big blockbuster name. This team didn't come up with any gigantic name. They didn't come up with a Jeremy Ronaic thing. They didn't come up with a Steve Thomas. And what's he going to do differently? He knows his really. Okay, market on a log. Okay, took him 46 minutes to mention Dino's sister really the first time. We don't have Dino. We don't have that kind of a player. So that being said, what's this team going to play? A more wide open style. Not do the clutch and grab without getting blown out. Well, the system is changing. It'll be more of a forechecking system. Where in the neutral zone is where Roger really wanted to make sure the player is. So we're kept in check the opposition. Doug McClean's going to send two forwards in. There're going to be a lot more aggressive in their forechecking. And they're going to be a little more offensive when they get a one nothing lead. They're not going to sit back on that one nothing lead. They're going to try to score some more goals. And they've got some skilled players. This radical devour act, who has been again one of the impressive rookies on the hockey club. Rob need a Meyer. They tell me that Rob need a Meyer has been the best panther player in training camp. Now fulfilling a lot of the promise that the franchise had when they selected Rob need a Meyer. He will be a player that the panther's thought he would be a year or two ago. So in other words, just saying some of the younger kids that we've had before are going to develop. Now what about some of the guys like Stu Barnes for example? One of the things that seemed to happen to the panthers last season and even the first season. Guys who were playing great, how does the pistol, gotten injury? Came back, happened to Jesse Bologna, happened to Stu Barnes. Came back from the injury and we're not even a shadow. They're not even a shadow of themselves ever again. Well, look at Bologna and Barnes. You can answer your own question. They're not the most physical players. They're not the biggest players you're going to see. Yeah. And quite frankly, after their injuries, they didn't want to play in trash. They didn't want to play in traffic. Stu Barnes was awful. Nothing short of awful when he came back after the eye injury. And this kid prior to the eye injury couldn't do anything wrong. Everything he touched was in the net. So he's got to play with a little more aggressiveness in the panthers of told him that. Jesse Bologna, who's been fighting a bad ankle in training camp. I understand and really just played in these first two games in Winnipeg. He's got to step up his act. Otherwise, they're going to be pushed by some of these guys. Well, Brian Murray, make a trade or two to perhaps open up some more room for the young kids. Well, if they continue to play well in these last four exhibition games, starting tomorrow night Jacksonville, they may be pressed to either trade these players or make some other financial arrangements. Why did you put your glasses on just now? I want to see about. We're going to get serious now. I got my role in the game. I've never seen you put glasses on. I think he's going to get real serious. I've got my role in the deck. And so we're going to start an inactive. It's going to start name dropping. Okay, 45 minutes for two. No, just a rally. And I was, you must have learned that from Hank at QA. I'm about the name dropping because I don't know. I'm sure. Like between next to Larry King and Hank Goldberg, you could be the number three name droper I've ever known in my lesson. I made my life in this business in radio. And I've got a philosophy while other radio stations can talk about the Dodgers being involved in a playoff chase with the Colorado Rockies and talking or getting a voice clip from Tomless sort. After the win last night, I'd have Tomless sort on my talk show. What Cal Ripkins breaking the record that was long standing and rightfully so. Lou Garrax record. I'd have Cal Ripkin on my talk show. And Dan Marino and Zagaki didn't want you to do that. Didn't want you to have any guests. No, no guests. How can you do a sports talk show? And I'd have any guests because we're caller intensive or so we thought they were until they put all of us in to get a programming on. Okay. See now we started warm up a little bit. I think it was the glasses. It's like Clark Kent 1049 Wiod. Yeah, sure. 16 Wiod. Dad are re-there yet. You know, this car machine ain't working by the way. Could we fix it the next time we have a guest in the studio? 12 goals against in two games. But he has been a strong Philadelphia flyer since Bobby Clark and Quietham. And I think you'll see the best in Hectall. The fans will be on him. And the Rangers will be running close to him if not in him tonight. Or at him tonight. Or in him or up with that. Don't have to tell you that. The place is packed. Oh, you're all noisy. So get ready, Ron. Yeah, get ready, Ron. Cause Harry's coming. Okay. That's a classic. You won't hear that in the interview. After you had done, Sherry, no, you won't. After you had done Sherry on the second time during the Stanley Cup playoff. Yeah. Then you tell Don to make sure that Harry Neil knew that when he's on that satellite. Yeah. That'll be careful. That's right. Well, the first time you remember before that the first time I had him on it. I told him about that lovely little past line. You know, the cloud that I've got is really incredible. If I had as much cloud inside the buildings I do outside, I really have some to accomplish. But about that line he keeps using about a lovely little pass. I said, that's the faggyest thing. I mean, here's, you know, the hockey night in the show. I'm not show image, baby, all these tough lumberjack hockey players. And he said, oh, look at that lovely little past that dug a yellow mortgess. And, you know, he stopped saying it for about two months, but he regressed. He was talking. It was tough. It was tough. Okay. So let's talk about the obstruction. There are a lot of people very concerned. And again, these are people who mean well, but they're not too bright. They're concerned because they saw maybe the first couple of exhibition games. And it were like 85,000 penalties called in the first two minutes. And they don't understand that the reason that the league did this is because people were almost universally foaming it the mouth over the style that the devil's played and the Panthers. They're just, you know, maybe not quite as guilty, but maybe number two on the list. Nobody wants to watch that crap. And the thing to me, the fact that hockey was so popular here the first two years that we had 97% capacity in arena overall, which is a tremendous number for an expansion team. And they really didn't see that much real hockey, especially this last season. They saw a lot of that clutching and grabbing some of those games. I mean, like a couple of those hard for games, you could go into a coma watching. Now the league is desperately trying to do away with that. And I think what they did was they want to say, hey, boys, here's what we're doing in the first exhibition games. We're going to teach you a lesson. We've talked with the officials. We told them they're going to have to call these or their ratings going to go in the toilet. They're going to be out. And you guys are going to have to learn what the new parameters are and all is clutching and grabbing at the blue line. And it's center rice. We're going to start calling it. Well, what you've seen and of course, Panther fans will see the first exhibition game here against Hardford on Friday. But the, the referees have really clamped down on all the clutches of the game. Now on all the clutching and grabbing now, one thing we should point out in Friday, there's a board of governors meeting in New York. And it'll be the board of governors that ultimately turn down or approve this new obstruction rule. And it's still obviously pending, but I would think based on what we've seen in exhibition games from what I understand the games have been pretty entertaining. That the board of governors will give their seal of approval. Yeah, people want to see some action. And you know, the opposition to it was well, there's all these penalties, there's all these interruptions. That's now. That's during the exhibition. No flow to the game. Right. But ultimately, there'll be more flow to the game because the yagers of the world, the Devoracs. And I think we'll see a lot of him this year, and need a Myers. These players will be able to do what they do well. And that is play skillfully with the puck. Now, what about our TV schedule, is here the home opener on 45 games starting with the road opener, actually the night before the home opener. Actually, it's an afternoon game in New Jersey. We have the unenviable, we are in the unenviable position of being there as the Devoracs raise in voice that Stanley Cup banner. So they'll be primed up for that hockey game. There won't be a dry eye in the arena. Come on a clock in the middle lands, but it will be there for an afternoon game. That's the risk of getting bright on the channel setting because, you know, he's with his years in Detroit and helped to build that team. What they got now. But that was one of the great choke jobs in the history of sports. I mean, the red wings after the great season they had, and they've got this, you know, this thing around their neck now hanging over them about choking in the 23GF rumors with a series not on WQA. I mean, he's never going to be back on a regular, unless they want to do the games on the air, which case he says Joe's not such a bad guy after all. Here is the hell in Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. The first point I want to make is that I can really vouch for Mr. Rumer status. When I was a youngster living in Montreal, I have a feeling that he's the man that single-handedly brought Pete Rose into Montreal to play baseball. I'm not sure if Tom Correcton on it, I always want to know if that was true or not. Yeah, that's true. Yeah. When I read Deck before. What happened exactly? Do you mind going back? What happened between Pete and I? Yeah. It's a long story, but he didn't like something that I'd said on the air. And we had a set to off the air. And then I went on the air and said Decky Moore things. Oh, yeah. In the clubhouse. Literally. Actually, he was him and Doug Flynn. Yeah, I was him and Doug Flynn. You've got a good memory. Yeah, because I remember. The next day I got a phone call from Baltimore and BAL offered me the contract that we were negotiating. They weren't going to meet my price, but after my big battle, they felt I was the guy they wanted. Right. I got a couple of points. Wait a minute. If you're real nice to remember though, he might even tell you about old swivel mouth up there. Montreal too. Dick Irvin. Yeah. What do you mean by that? Do you like Dick Irvin? Yeah, sure. Okay. He wasn't a good guy to work for. Why not? I met the man when I was about ten years old. But he might be a Canadian spanner. Well, I am, but I won't hold that against you. Nobody's perfect. First and what can you do? Anyways, a couple of points about hockey that I've noticed. I've only been living here down here for two years. The first thing that I've noticed, you talked about breakout 95. I think the underlying theme of all that is that the fan base here, the potential fans that we have, are much too young to really voice an opinion. You've got your, you're all the fans, but that really have too much to choose from. When you look at the kids, the kids are the ones that are really going to love and learn to love hockey. Oh yeah, it's an ex-generation. There's no question. That's what the NFL or the NHL has done in a lot of their studies. But understand too, not only are the young kids playing, but the parents are making a concerted effort. I can't tell you the number of parents that brought smiles to my eyes, sitting first at hockey fast and then at breakout 95 and seeing the parents there committed and as much involved as anybody. I'll tell you about a guy, a former pitcher with a Montreal Expose in the Red Sox, who's going to go to the Hall of Fame, Jeff Rrden, one of the all-time savelators, lives up in West Palm Beach. His son was playing in that breakout 95 hockey tournament. They drove three times from West Palm Beach to come to Joe Robby Stadium for their kid to play hockey. And the kid is crazy about it. And now the parents, mother and father are very much involved in the sport. But the mothers and fathers are the ones that need to speak out right now. Yeah. On the point I want to make is I just want to remind everybody and stuff for that. We never really try to get this franchise. I remember hearing it on the news. I was on one day out of nowhere. I know I'm in Florida. It's a franchise. I will not try to get a leave it. You know, and that's what has won had the 50 million bucks. Not only that, he had blockbuster, which is more important. I think the NHL is trying to go for those big name corporate image where we know there's a lot of financial backup. But you know what? I don't blame his thing of removing. It's a business deal. I need an hockey and all these other sports. It's all come down to that. It's only business. Well, I understand he doesn't want to move, but it's time now. I'm thinking of moving and moving. It's time to move by the politicians here in South Florida. Step up to home plate and ensure and show some sense of urgency to keep this franchise here. Because I'll tell you right now once the team leaves, and we'll be another NHL team in this city, in this market, in this area. And it's going to be a crime. And again, I only draw the analogy between Baltimore and the desire there to get an NFL franchise and how the politicians drop the ball. And now literally they're begging to get the NFL back. Same situation here for self-law. One last point about I know you left in here about QAM. The one thing that I cannot stand about that station is that they don't give hockey number one any airport. They don't give baseball and he played their either. And they'll be the middle of the station. Yeah, they're only the flagship stations for both sports. Again, it's a philosophy of mine for the years that I've been in this business. And 20 of always worked for flagship stations. And it's just unbelievable, unconscionable that the two major sports in this town, aside from football, baseball and hockey, do not. Do not get the coverage that they deserve from their own home radio station. And it's a crime. They don't want you to talk hockey there. My advice to Andrew Ash would stop hiring expertball players. Get somebody that knows about sports, not about football. Well, he might, his first advice that he could use probably is to get himself off the morning show because he's bringing it down. Yeah, but he's got those Melrose place highlights on here. Man, that's what everybody wants. Don't you understand? That's they, they look if they would stop listening to this station. They would be the best thing that they could ever do if they'd stop trying to emulate me and try to emulate me and try to emulate me. They did that thing with that Hideo Noomo, which by the way, do you know that there's a big thing with Harry Kere going on now? No. I was up in Toronto. You have to get out of town to find out what's happening in the real world. And I was reading in the Globe and Mail, or one of the papers up there that there's a big thing because Harry on his radio show last time that the Dodgers were in Chicago. A couple of weeks ago, whenever it was, no Ma was pitching at night and Harry referred to him in some way. And again, it's taken out a context. Some little nervous about stuff like that because I've had it done to me too, but he called Noomo Slantyide. Okay, but no one Harry, I mean, Harry doesn't have a mean bone in his body when he's sober. Okay, so knowing him, he's powered Cossail called Art Monk of the Red Skins, a little monkey. Right. Remember that? Right. And now there's a big stink about this in your letters to the editor in the Chicago papers, Pro and Con, and the editorials, Harry should apologize. And he says he's got nothing to apologize for because people know him and where he's coming from. But there's a big stink about that too. About. So anyway, the thing point I was trying to make is that not only were they trying to copy me over there, but then they tried to out, out do feel Henry, which nobody is ever going to do with that crap about the phony interview with a day on Noomo in a morning with his alleged interpreter on there. And then all they got was flack and a lot of crap for that because again, here's a station that's failing trying to be a sports station. So instead of trying to be a good sports station, even though it's appealing to a smaller segment of the audience, now we're going to try to be WOD and WQAmen doing both poorly. Very Jackson, I think had the line, the TV radio sports critic for the Harold. What have we said when he said after that whole episode that, hey, you can walk off the street and get a job at QAM because they hired the guy that was doing the Noomo in person. He's got his own talk show now on QAM on the weekend off the street. Kind of like here. Okay, we have an open line in day at 751, 2 in Brower at 524. Let's have some hockey people out there, baby. Friday night, Hartford, Whaleers, Florida Panthers tomorrow 11 to 2. We got select the seat, pick your seat, but don't do it publicly. Okay, pick your seat at the arena between 11 and 2 tomorrow. And the Jeff Boss is going to be sitting there waiting on you. Go out there, the ice is down. You can go on. I get the feel of it. Get the atmosphere and even individual game tickets are going to be available to box office at the arena tomorrow too. Now, the exhibition game I would just hasten to weigh that so far the Panther exhibition games have not been anything to write home about. Most exhibition games in any sport are marginal at best, but our exhibition games have been especially lackluster. We're talking about the home game. The ones at the arena. Now, so far, the ones that we've played on the road this year have been sensational. Seven out of them against Winnipeg, four, four, tie with him last night. A lot of goal scored, a lot of action, but I'm just not trying to get people's expectations up too much for Hartford on Friday. Because first of all, Hartford even with Brendan Shannon and eight one of the world's most exciting teams. No, they're not. But the fact is that they're good, good young players that I'm sure will be in the lineup Friday night that are the future of this franchise. The idea to see the future of the team, if not for this entire season, at least this exhibition game on Friday night. Fact of the matter is the Panthers are led right now by a kid that's not a rookie, but guided you were all over the day that the Panthers announced that he was on the hockey club. Shib Willey, Jason Willey, remember that one? And Jason Willey has turned into one of the most exciting young Panthers players. You're right. You're right. Defenseman, but nonetheless, I'm exciting to see. The two goals last night, two goals and two assists and the previous seven, I think. Fact is that he came from the Detroit Viper. So, okay, and a lot of us who were suspect, only because that came on the heels of a lot of these guys that Roger wanted to bring in here who turned out to be stiff. If remember at the end of the first season, who's the guy we got Anderson Peter Andrew Andrews, the New York Randy Zegbrye, Marie to keep them for the same thing. And the guy was pathetic man. He was just horrible. How about the end of the show last year? And again, the same kind of thing. So Roger brought in a lot of guys we were nervous about. So we get a guy from the Detroit Viper, isn't he saying what the hell is that? On the speaking of the Yofiper's. There are people saying, now, why don't we don't care if a Wayne sells the team because the minute that the Panthers leave. Wait till you're this, the minute the Panthers leave, the IHL will be here in a heartbeat. Now, I'm going to tell you something. Haven't been in this town for 20 years. If anybody believes that the city of Miami and his whole softload area is going to support the international hockey league, you're dreaming it ain't going to happen. It's like the Miami Amigos in the world baseball, whatever the hell they called it years ago when they tried this Caribbean. That lasted for about five minutes. When you've got the best, let's keep the best. The Panthers aren't the best franchise in the national hockey league, but they represent the best league that there is. And that's why so many Europeans are coming to play in the NHL. Again, it be hoves everybody. You included to start waving the flag and see whatever needs to be done to the country. Nobody has been waving it more than I have. Although, but if you think that I'm going to wave the flag for the taxpayers building the arena, you're wrong. I'm not saying that. You just got through seeing what happened on a penny sales tax for education, which is like mom and got an apple pie and a public saw through that. They said, hey, they're selling us another bill of goods. And there is no way that the public in this town is going to go along with the tax issues that did is right. But the politicians can step up with areas. And with a housing and see that the two sit at the table and get this thing done. As I said earlier in the program, $40 million is what the Panthers would lose between now and three years from now. If he's in a kept the team here in South Florida, he'd rather put that $40 million into building an arena that would keep the franchise here forever. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Your friend, I keep talking about the Baltimore, about Baltimore. Well, what happened to the Raiders? They got a team. Oakland came back. Look, we haven't just seen Lewis. They got a team. They lost one, but they got a new one. That's right. But why did they get a new team? Why did they get a new team? Why did they get a new team? You keep mentioning Baltimore, about Baltimore. That's a pretty good example in my mind. But let me just ask you, this my friend, why did St. Louis get the Rams? You know why? Because they built a brand new state-of-the-art facility that they're going to play in starting next season. That's why. They came back. They do come back. So keep don't say they'll never have one. They do come back. Or I want to think of the comeback when you build an arena? Yeah, that's right. Let me ask you this. Let's say that we lose the Panthers God for a bit. Where are they going to play if there's another team that's going to come back? Sooner or later, somebody is going to have to build a facility. The Miami Arena doesn't have enough seats. It doesn't have the skyboxes. Nobody is going to come in there for the privilege of losing money. It ain't going to happen. And why did they leave Los Angeles because they couldn't go back and play in the stadium in LA because it was just totally damaged to the point where it was condemned because of the earthquake. But somebody someday will come in and build a arena and someone will be a team in here. That's all to say. It does happen. So put you some Baltimore, is it an example? Well, I'll continue to use Baltimore as an example. Okay, living in the past, all you guys forget about Baltimore. Who cares about Baltimore anyway, okay? Baltimore blows. No, you like Baltimore. I like Baltimore. Based on what? Well, based on it was a city that was reborn. The interharber was the same guy. Mayor Shade got in Rihanna. I'll keep you team. I know that. Well, they've got the Baltimore bandits down. The American hockey league. What the heck? The capitals are 25, 30 minutes down the road. Yeah, like I said, now, how come they're doing it? Capitals are building a sting. They finally got that through there. The Boston built that beautiful fleet center and Chicago with a united arena. How come all these other places are able to do it? And we can't do it. I'll ask your politicians because in every one of the other cities, the basketball and a hockey franchise is the people who play in Eurina. Got on the same page and they said, okay. And in Boston, the Bruins, the ownership of the Bruins, they own a fleet center. But they made a deal good enough with these Celtics that they can play there. They can still make some money. They're not going to make anywhere near what the Bruins make because they got, you know, the horse by the tail. But they're still going to be able to live with it. And that doesn't go on here. And I'm still telling you they could live with it here in self-law it is well. Everybody would just go. But there's got to be a sense of urgency. And there's got to be the self-law to politicians that step up to the plate and ensure that this happens. Okay, well, hold our breath. Because we have a lot of confidence in our local politicians. Bank of Noma's take about that. 1136. If they ever sobered up for a minute, 1136 in WIOD. 610. WIOD. This talk radio stuff is good for you. Yeah. And was this pretty sure? 20 to noon at WIOD. 20 me for OJ baby. Don't get panicky. So let's find out the real inside. Now he's laughing here. They're in a break, reverse. And I'm going up the Jacksonville to see the Panthers play Tampa Bay tomorrow. And I'm going to help Brian Murray make the real cuts. The last cuts in the side who we're going to have on his team. Who do you want to run? Who do you want to run? Who do you want to run? I like to know your buddy, Cherris, as you can't have too many Russians on a team. If you got more than one Russian, you're in big trouble. Well, we don't have any. What about this? What about, uh, what about, uh, no, what about Nemorowski? What the LSE? He's a Canadian. Ukrainian. Ukrainian? Well, you're Ukrainian last time I checked. That's pretty damn close. Uh, well, yeah, you're in Lumpsum all in the same pot. You know, but he's not a European Ukrainian. He's a Canadian. Oh, that's okay then. Oh, a piece of conuct. That makes it even better. We like him a lot now. Okay. Let's go. And how about Pavel Bre and, uh, and his buddy there in the back. Oh, kill me and, and Pavel Bre, you're a better player than the GM place. That's the new name for the Vancouver. Uh, that's my arena. What's team did you say was your dark horse team? Chicago Chicago Vancouver. I'm telling you man, look out for those damn conucts. I think I have Mike Ridley, the ex, uh, Toronto League, believe me. I should never have got my agree. I agree. I agree. Good player. Good solid player. That'll be a hot line. Great gold tending. I don't know what they'll, uh, how you can find fault with Vancouver right now, or a hell of a team. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Jeff. Yeah. Two things. Question. Uh, you heard about Charlie Ekman, I presume. He passed away. Right. No, I didn't hear. Yeah. He weep out of Montesville again. Charlie Ekman, uh, former, uh, National Basketball Association, referee former NBA coach, and also a long-time sportscaster Baltimore. Yeah. Very nice man. Yeah. Uh, secondly, are they still going to have to pan for packs for this year? I would think they, uh, and now to be honest with you, I haven't talked to anybody about it, but I, uh, I would assume that the Panther back would still be available. Okay. That's what I was one of the questions that I had in mind. All right. I appreciate your help. Okay. It's actually a day. Okay. Yeah. We'll find out from Jeff Moss tomorrow. Okay. Anybody's got any questions about tickets, single game, season tickets, whatever. They got that select to see tomorrow, 11 to 2, and, uh, you got to, you got to, you got to believe they'll do the Panther. Oh, I would think so. Because that was a real popular deal. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a question for you. Okay. Would you, uh, play the bridge tender thing for me? Yes, sure. Okay. Here's, uh, West Palm Beach. Hello. Jeff, Jeff and Neil? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I, I have a point because I drive like 130 miles down or to see the, uh, the a panther. But then it got me about, uh, about, uh, about, uh, you know, Murray, and I found hockey like 51. Six. I've never seen a team when they had a two-man advantage. I'm sorry, Neil, so when a team has dumped a puck with a two-man advantage, I mean, I mean, if you guys ever actually seen that falling high for 40 years, no Roger played defense to an extreme. Yeah. Or had his players play defense to an extreme. No question. And hopefully with the new regime here in the new coach that this team will be a lot more exciting. And a lot more aggressive, both in their penalty killing and when they're on the power play. I note that in the seven, nothing win playing with six or seven kids in the line up. They scored three power play goals. Yeah. Okay. And then also Jeff, I just wanted to just pass on a, uh, and, and I would just like to pass on a Joe, like a, a, a, a story. This is true. And, and I think that Neil and maybe had actually heard about this and he will verify it. Joe, I, Joe used to travel with a, you know, we burn a, we burn a goldberg when they were doing a dog game. Is it? There's a gaggy socks, okay. Yeah. And a, you know, we were did have a perspiration problem. And yeah. And yeah. That's for sure. And Hank would not sit, sit, basically next to a, your Rick. And he would make Joe sit right next to Rick. Joe started to take his mustache and put on some perfume on his mustache. He's sitting next to him and I think you can ask basically Marvin and everybody in the, Oh, then do what verified that story. Maybe, maybe he used to put him on his eyebrows. Maybe that's why they grew like that. No, how would you know that, when you have his perfume salesman or what? No, I talk to Marvin about that. And they'll go back a couple of years. Okay. Okay. Okay. What, uh, maybe that's why not why Joe stinks. I mean, why Joe sucks. What every hell of this is that I learned something today. So hey, you got the mustache to do it. So when you're doing the games with Denise, I'm sorry. That was bad. That was a real shot. Maybe some truth. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Remember how I, your buddy? I'm good. One time no talk. I used to call you on QAM. Oh, you're the one. Yeah. I was the one guy that would call when I asked about hockey. I got a couple of questions. Is this head? Are you still going to be announced in the game? Yes, sunshine television. Oh, good. You're just head the Ranger fan? No, I'm a, I'm a panter fan by the former Bruin fan. Okay. All right. Let me ask you a few questions. What do you think is some of these new guys? A panter staff like, uh, Poetalwyn, how's he? Well, I'm. But Alan. He looks great. He looks great. I think that going into camp, he was one of the guys was pencils into make the hockey club. But now with Padalan who still has some junior eligibility, available to go back for junior and Nebraska coming on and playing especially well in the exhibition games. Numerouski might ed you out or else, as I said earlier to Neil, uh, the panthers do some creative work and other some trades or other measures to keep these kids on the hockey club. I think a Brian Murray had his way. Along with Doug McClean that fiber six of these kids would be on the hockey club this year. That's the other question on that. Doug McClean. I know he's going to be more authentic. What kind of credentials does he really have? Well, he was Brian Murray's assistant in Washington and Detroit. He was assistant general manager. He's a former coach in college hockey. He coached as well in St. Louis with the blues when they went all the way to the Stanley Cup semifinals one year. This is his first head coaching job. And I think that with Murray and and Tory, the three of them can really put, make a big step forward. I would hope with the panthers this year. Okay, Rimmer. Hey, I'm glad to see that you're not on QIM because that channel's really a joke. Okay, well, thank you. He's later about it too. Plus you got paid off. Okay, so 1146 at WIOD. 16 WIOD. Attention all politicians. We know what's right and you don't ride cranes is on board with the armory, yager and Kevin Stevens. He goes ahead of the bra against Francis falling down the fuck way behind the net and order you was paired with your hands and has the fuck. Order you over to Dave Poole, a little bit of left wing on this line with Eagles. And they use pinfully on the right side. Actually, Paul is going to take center-rights in this year. Out the center. Right down the line, he's going to break out. Rock and I'm going to go, mix the boat. Rock and I'm going to break down the alley. Beats carry. And the peg was laid one and nothing. Michael, Michael, motor, back home. There you go. Michael, motor, cycle. That was just for you man. The guy is just the best. He is. You just can't handle it. Okay, you just want to head out the bouquet. Great broadcaster, but doesn't have to do the stick. So I didn't have to do the stick. It shouldn't do it like they're frosting on a cake. That's so much garbage. It's fun garbage. So in other words, you're saying that you got to be a purest. That's right. You do look a little like foster you with. We have two open lines in day, seven, five. Well, and also I got a couple of Marlon tickets. I'll give away during the trial. I guess I don't know. What am I going to do with the, what am I going to do with these? We got two pair of infield boxes. One for the Montreal game on September 27th, which is tomorrow Wednesday. And one against the Phillies on Friday infield boxes. Okay, so maybe we'll give those away. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah, I got a couple of questions here for you. Okay, you bet. You mentioned Chicago. Do you think that Bobby Prober will keep his butt out of the box long enough to contribute to that team? Apparently he already is up for a review by the NHL for a stick swinging incident. First game back. But I'll tell you, if they can keep him focused, Brian Marie would be a pretty good guy to ask about how he tried to keep Prober under control when he was General Manager in coaching Detroit. To answer your question, I think the black box is going to make every effort to keep this guy in the straight and narrow if they can. I mean, he seems like, you know, on a part of the, you can drop anchor in front of that crease and just, you know, wreak havoc. Aside from being one of the top fighters in the game, he's a pretty decent hockey player as well. And another thing, the Russians, the Czechs, your black cock fan, right? I actually am a red wing fan, but I, you know, I like Prober to like to style because I think he can make a difference if he just, you know, keeps the butt clean. Wait to see when Chicago gets Keith Kichukka's the rumor is right now. They're going to be in a three way deal with the islanders. And they're stuck that they want Steve Thomas's rights as well. The black box is going to be the team to beat far not. Well, see, um, nothing about the Russians and the Czechs. Do you think that they start getting hacked and grabbed? You think they, I think they take stupid penalties and they get frustrated very easily. Yeah, like Samuelson for one. Now, what do you look at me? What do you laugh at at looking at me like your big old Samuelson fan? You were the hell I was a bitch for him. I have never been an old Samuelson fan. You just, you just, you're talking down cherry too much. He stinks. Although he's going to help the Rangers big time. Is he? Well, because he's going to butcher him up a little bit. Is that what you said? I'll butcher him up a little bit on the back line. Oh, yeah. And they've also got Bruce Driver. They didn't take long for Zubov to get injured too, by the way. He just thought it would mention that. Two weeks. Penguins are, I don't know, Mary all looks good. He scored a couple of goals. Mary looks like he's in good shape. And he's playing on the premise. They still have Francis and Spuddy you tell me that he's going to hardford and all those rumors. Francis is not going to hardford. They were talking a major deal with his husband. I understand that you also told me that Mary was going to Montreal. That was a rumor. I'm just giving you a wrong. Let me give you a home phone number. Okay. Anybody wants the WID rumor line called Rimmer at home. He's used to a maze takes like 20 30 calls an hour at home far more than he's ever taken on a year. And he'll give you like all the rumors to get to line. Here's Carl Gables. Hello. Hi, guys. Yes, sir. First of all, about the Panther Pack. They are on sale this year. The last three. Rost in the goals home. And while we expected they would be, but we didn't want to say definitively. Yeah. Another thing I'd like to grab a two, but even he pronounced. Dino's name back then about eight years ago when he had that six-ling incident. Dino sick correlli. Yeah. That's obviously something. You can go Dino chickerelli too. A lot of Italian. A lot of Italian. A stickerelli. Another thing, Neil, helpless feeling about the franchise and getting the stadium. You think there's some way you might be able to develop a short list of who's milk oxestuff and so forth. I don't know what else to do. I'd accept a relevant back. I thought it would help. A short list of mailboxes to stuff like we're going to have a snack. The rumor was talking. I don't know. I really wouldn't have the foggyest idea where to turn. I don't know how you go about doing that. Hey, everybody listen to the Neil Rogers show, right? Right. All right. The politicians listen. They're the ones that have got to step up and show some sense of urgency here. They're the ones that have got to get to Haisingha and Eris into the table. What are you shaking your head yet? Because you think I got to cloud that I'm going to get to policy. Absolutely. Something in the town. Sure. You haven't been here long enough, man. You're dreaming. Well, let's get some stuff up and see you Friday. What about Dr. Atkins and the Boka burgers? Everything else? You can keep you reading here. Well, name it after you. You'll have a corp in there. You need the politicians for the Boka burgers or Dr. Atkins. Are there those other things? That's the problem they say. They have never. It's not a question of whether the corp or honest effect is that they're incompetent. They have never been able. I'll give you an example. Which has got to do with politicians in Tallahassee, but in a state of Florida in general. The thing with the simulcasting at the Thurabred at all attracts all the permutes, which you know as well as I do the permutes, who are dying a wicked death, especially in a state. Debra Miller, who again, like QAM, they probably found her off the street somewhere. The governor was doing his pro-segment. He had a good luck at broadering at Bringerwind. We heard her. And she's now like, you know, in charge. And she's holding the fate of the permutes, which is the fourth largest industry. Legal. I'm not talking drugs. That's number one. But I'm talking of the legal industries. The permutes are the fourth largest industry in the state of Florida. And she's still holding them hostage. Calder the other day thought that finally they were going to get the green light for the simulcasting. They pulled the carpet out from the bottom of them. Pomp and O Park opens a week from this Friday night for their fall meat, which generally, you know, that's the big meeting. They're still waiting. They're going to planning on simulcasting garden state. And who knows if they're going to pull the plug on them or not? That's the kind of stuff that go in and the state is in partnership with all the permutes. They don't have to do a damn thing except do a minimal amount of regulation. And the main time, they're still on dark ages. It's a joke. Absolutely joke. Because the industry is going to go down the toilet. If they don't do something, it do something quickly. Yeah. But in the meantime, you're talking about the local politicians. They're going to solve the problem of an arena. They didn't solve it for Joe Robby. He had to go out and get all his own financing, his own money. And the other, you know, put his, that's why the robby state had to sell the tea. That's right. That's exactly right. But in the meantime, if you're going to wait for the pie, I don't want to sound like doom and gloom. But if you ask me if I'm optimistic about the panther's being here after the season, I'd say it's dubious at bad. But I'll ask you if you're optimistic about the whole country. I'll put it on your door. Well, I'm, I'm, you're telling me to do something, huh? You've got a lot of spare time. You go out there and do it instead. I have a lot of spare calls. I'm selling hockey. You're used to that go go go go door to door. I'll give you the phone book. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. A couple quick points for you and Josh. Okay. How can you talk about the greatest announcers? And I mentioned Danny Gallivan. Absolutely. Well, we left him out. You know, Western peace. He was one of the greats. I said, love. You're an Indian. Neil got something against Canadians. What can I tell you? Yeah, I feel it right. It hates going to Canada. Sure. Neil, I got echo one other point that Jeff made about Jason Woeley. Forget he played for the Viper. I called him told you he went to Michigan State and he's a man. Yeah, I'll play the game here. Well, Brian Smolensky went to Michigan State too, so the pan wins better hope he up butchers up big time. Dr. Brian, friend and more, and we should offer him a contract when he was a free agent. Get him down here. Yeah. We need to go like that. You're going to like the good young kids. They've got in this hockey club. I'm just hoping most of them get a chance to play this year. I'm looking forward to watching you. Okay, pal. Hi. Thank you. See you. We're looking forward to it. Ladies, you'll have us a roller fight. You're so lucky. You're getting our play for me. You're going to go in here. See Danny Gallivan. We're in Elston America. What other show could you do? You got the library buddy. What show in the world could you be on talking about hockey and the guy says Danny Gallivan and the Montreal Canadians. One of the greats and somebody reaches over within a matter of 30 seconds. And there's the goddamn card. Okay, are we talking to Mr. hockey here or what? No, I want you to kiss my ass. Okay. But are we talking to Mr. hockey in his town or what? We are. We are definitely. And you know what? I wish I would have known you back in my days of Montreal because I know how much you hate Montreal and love Toronto. But going into the Montreal Forum and just sitting in any seat with Danny Gallivan as I was fortunate enough to do many a Saturday morning for the morning skates. And it was just it was the greatest time in the world. I mean this man was a you know how a lot of guys in our business. I'd unfortunately have big egos. Yeah. This man very humble. I'll tell you. It brings a tear to my eye thinking about him because I was still in Canada when he passed away. And boy, great friend, great broadcaster, great person. But he was no swivel mouth. No, he was. It was no Dick Irvin Jr. No. He started on him man. See, one thing when you hate the Montreal Canadians which I do is a leaf span. You hate the guys like Dick Irvin Jr. Because he's just just something about him. You just look at him and you just want to scream, you know? Dick is a talented guy but Dick based on what? Dick was a talented guy. In fact, that his father was the general manager in the coach. There was always all that nepotism in a Canadian organization. Frank Selke Jr. And Dick Irvin Jr. Get the honey Jr. I mean, it all was juniors in Montreal like hanging on. But Dick worked for CFCF which then was owned by Charles. The owner of the expo's, the Cigrims, etc. And Dick actually hired me. I was in Los Angeles freelancing and took me to Montreal. But Dick first and foremost was a sportscaster radio intelligence CFCF. And nobody could put video together better than this guy could. And Duvois overs strictly just sitting down and doing them from scratch. No, he's put his mouth where it belongs. He's great for radio. Right. A lot of time. Thanks to my kids. Good to see you again. Have a good time in Jacksonville. I'm not Brian now to write guys to cut. I mean tomorrow. Whatever day it is. Be sure to tell the guys to cut. So remember, I want to go on a record right now. If we don't have the kind of team that we wanted to start of the season. If the Panthers aren't kicking ass, you can blame Rimmer. He's calling the shots. I wish. Okay. Thanks a lot, Jeff. The foremost four letter words. 16 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. How news talk and entertainment radio. 16 WIOD.