Thanks. Stench of palmenor covers over this performance by the dolphins. Why, don't you? Why? No, I'm not just falling, just tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and managed to disgrace both because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. So much. They're my fucking shit on you. Motherfucker. Words of love, they toss in the microphone. The dolphins just can't seem to be left alone in all of this, because they like saying. So much. We're not fucking shit on you, Motherfucker. Oh, but they play football badly. I think so, right. How did the patriots kick their ass? So much. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with an attitude as bad as there. They were the tossing our hopes down the stairs. Oh, man. No, I'm not just falling, just tasteful. The dolphins are cursing and managed to disgrace both because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. You suck my dick. What are they saying? Ten away to WWE, happy Tuesday to you. And, boy, am I in a good mood now? You know, I'm not one of those people that likes to raffle another people's misery. In this case, I'll make an exception. Remember I can Godfather one where he says, this time one time only, K.L. Let's ask me about my business. Remember that? No, you don't. But anyway, so the news isn't case you missed Rick and Suds, which I know everybody was definitely glued to their radio at about 20 to 10 when we discussed this. The facts from John Stewart, one of our former up high zones of it, Eric W.S. You went in Tampa. Many of you who are still listening to W.W. Remember those a couple of years that were locked in there at W.S. that we were locked in like prisoners in a goddamn cage like birds in a cage. And there were those people on here when they finally decided that, well, they didn't want Randy, then they didn't want Rick and Suds, and then I finally told him to stick the whole operation up there and we all kind of vanished off their radio station over there. And there were certain fat, pompous assholes on here over there like reveling in that and saying, well, they weren't good enough for the Tampa Bay Market, which is quite a commentary. So anyway, the scary part of this story is which Roger Fisher evidently in the same P. times isn't sharp enough to finger out. That the Cox broadcasting is now on their bended knee to the American Ficola Association, and they've allowed them first of all they allowed Howard to be blown out in Chicago at our sister in law station up there at the FMC KG. And then he went right across the street two days later to J.J.D. and it's probably going to kick everybody's ass. And now W.S.U.N. makes a sports trio. W.S.U.N. is coming to pressure from the American Ficola Association through Bob Lass, to write out the door on his. How do you like that? And also along with him right behind his behind where the Hooters girls and Gary Spivey. So they only show they have left from the former lineup from the most recent lineup is Ron and Ron in the morning, who shows been watered down and diluted badly. Badly. By the way, you did hear the Rondi as his wife died, can we mention that in the year? About two weeks ago or something. Yeah. But anyway, so Ron and Ron are still on the year, and they're in a morning, been watered down because the American Ficola Association, do want them to say crap on the year, or take one. And now they got the fabulous sports bait, the same bitch that's on QAM here every day, just absolutely murdering them from tend to known. By the way, speaking of QAM, Jeff Irmer invited himself in on a show tomorrow morning for a couple of hours. Because he doesn't really come on to talk. Cock you're talking. Anything. He just comes on because it pisses off the people of QAM. So everybody over at QAM be sure to be listening. Make sure you got your tape recorder rolling tomorrow from tend to known. Irmer's going to be saying a lot of spicy crap and really just ripping you guys in ass. Okay. A big fat hand goldburger. Look at like ass. So anyway, they have to sports bait on from tend to two replacing the hudders girls. And last it is being replaced by this. This is so shocking. This company, seriously, when you stop and think about it. And coming at a time when the audience here is basically bailed out on a state. They realized the head ratings on a wall. They've bailed out on a station because they understand that cock. It's not just Brian Cox. That's the problem. It's anybody with an aim Cox. We have a major Cox problem in this state. Scott Brantley and Steve DuMig sports show is on from 2 to 6 at afternoon drive on WSUN, which also heirs on WFNS 910 AM in Tampa. Because as you went in FNS are linked by a joint sales agreement and it has been sharing programming in the same market. In the same market that would be like us putting on a fat hank in the afternoon. Or like us putting on Rick Ciderman in the afternoon. Siamel casting with a light bulb. Have you ever heard of such a thing? I mean, you know, we're familiar with all this crap that's going on. He's LMA, these local marketing agreements, which is nothing more than companies dug gobbling up other stations and so on and so forth. And like they did with with big here with waxy and while 100. But this is but broadcasting, Siamel casting within the same market, the programming. I'm not talking about like a night like in Tampa for a while. They had the lightning run on an FM station on an AM, which I think was FNS, which you can barely hear and out on SUN. That's one thing. But I'm talking about a program that's on in drive time and afternoon drive from 2 to 6 to it's on SUN and FNS in the same market, which they now have three sports talk stations in the same market over there, which they don't have any football team. It's on a way out. They just tried to get all those signatures. They tried to get all those people to sign up. They needed 50,000. They got 32,000 and they said that's not enough for leaving. So the bucks are leaving. They got a baseball team, which has not even been named yet. Well, they did name it, but people are pissed off. What was the name of it? The devil, the hell's, what was it? Remember the people got all bent out of shape about it? The devil raised? Yeah. Yeah, the Tampa Bay devil raised. So they got a baseball team that may have to leave town before they even start playing because the people are pissed off. All those board again, Christians over there about the name of the team and the AFM sure is really pissed off about that. The devil made me do it and they got no basketball team and their hockey team blows even though they won 5 and a row. They're still suck. How do you like that? Apps, three sports stations in the same market, including two of them, which are sharing similar programming. One of them owned by Cox. How do you like that? There's a major Cox problem in the entire state of Florida. In fact, it's almost like this corporation is saying, So I'm going to do it to the FCC. How do you like that? Which would be a first for them? Okay, just calm down. Don't get started. His historical again, like yesterday. Look what it did your blood pressure, you're right. I'm just going to talk to myself. Okay. This is your head, where you're done with your test. Don't sit there cleaning your fingernails. It's torn it over on the desk. But someday I'm going to be at WI of D. So to six of me after new one, six 10 WI of D. We'll see you back on your mother's pills again, huh? To the principles office. Phil Hendry, two to six DM on news, Talk and entertainment radio, six 10 WI of D. Hey. Stench of palmenor, Hover is over, this performance, but it's awesome. Okay, 10 17, you can still smell the canchets in the air. It's like whafting everywhere. And that what the song says, they're in the air. It's in the air. You smell it everywhere, something like that. So the thing that I got all excited about several weeks ago, you notice I'm in the forefront. I'm like years ahead, the pioneer of what the people get excited about. Officers charged in motorist death. Remember this, the cousin of Pittsburgh Steelers football player, Ray Seals. Remember the cousin got beaten to death. And they took the test in the blood test. They found out he had like one beer and a very little alcohol and no drugs in the system. And they just stopped him for speeding in an all-white neighborhood. His black guy and they beat the crap out of men. He died. He died? He died. He's dead. Johnny Gammage. And now finally, it's made it all the way up to page three in a son sentence. See the OJ thing that was on page one every day for a year and a half. But because not that many people know Ray Seals and certainly nobody knows Johnny Gammage. And the fact that he's dead. You know, I guess he's not that important anymore. But here's another great case of police brutality and another great case of real racism as opposed to alleged. And nobody really gives a crap about it. I just thought I'd mention it because sooner or later, all of stuff comes out. You know what I'm saying? Sooner or later. Okay, our 610 Wild. We got too many of these things going on. We got the Miller-light beer. Life is good. And the 610 Wild which used to be good. We got that contest. Tick you way to the Super Bowl and the mobile armored truck. The armored van. The thing is going to be at big that he's flanagan's barren grill. 1550 Northwest, Lesulin Road and a best Western in Miami, noon to one today. And flanagan's at 1550 West 84th Street in the highly of five to six to South known. You can go there and sign up. Just fill out the entry blank. You must be 21 or older. And you'll be maybe if they be at your name out of there involved in the. You'll be involved in the kick the field goal contest before the Atlantic game Sunday and then they pick the three or winners. To kick it off part of the regular light against the chiefs. Okay, it's just goes on and on. And the final winner gets a trip for two to the Super Bowl in Tempierre's Ona courtesy of Miller-light beer. Life is good at 610 Wild. Then we got the pizza loft tonight. 6 9 at 6 9th and Flagler just east of the Palmetto upstairs. We'll have our center one stuff. Our total by the way is 4620 and that's where we are with that. Here's our first call of the day and I'm sure the first of many hundreds and hundreds today. It's going to be a big day because I know the audience when they see that the American Focal Association is manipulating the program on WSUN that they dropped Basically an entire format because there are a bunch of cowards in that we can't be far behind. Now we know this audience is really going to rally behind us. In addition to which all the ethnics will allegedly do not listen to us. They're going to be calling in today to register their whatever they are that they're there. Miami. Hello. Needle is there any chance that your program director can have Bob Lashit to do midnight and weekends. I sure hope not. Why? Why? Why what? You have Dr. Laura and WSUN. I'd rather have dead air than Bob Lashitter. He's a bag of crap and a bad guy and a trouble making backstabbing. If we want a backstab or we can go over and get a hank, we don't need the last owner. Thanks for the suggestion. There's another amateur PD. So by the way speaking of program directors, yesterday Steve, what's his name? He was told me that the new census is out and that starting with a fall book which was this last trend when everybody who's picked English went and the toilet including us and Howard and everybody else. The new census is out and as a result there's only 44% in Dayton Broward like Anglo. And they're 56% ethnic now. So what are the rusty waitin for? Get out already. So the bottom line is we got no chances. What he's saying course that doesn't account for the very reduced length of the list of ship which I don't see where that's connected. And also doesn't account for the fact we've gone down and every trend all year since way back in the winter book back January, February and March. But then of course it would be inconvenient for him to talk about that because he's going to excuse us made up for that yet. But so today we want to hear from from geeks. You know what I'm saying from people are like foreigners? We want to make you feel welcome here even frogs. French Canadians, everybody we love you or least we're talking a good game. Hey, if Matt is can lie a lot, why can't the rest of us? Okay? Because that's the only chance we got is to panoramic people who know speaking English. We love all of our good friends out there. In fact we want everyone of those Julios to be there. In fact I do love my young Julio friends. You know what I'm talking about? The real good looking ones. We want them all issue up tonight at Pizza Lock. And by the way, heard Rick say this morning something about come out to the Pizza Lock and buy the stuff tonight and there'll be lots of fun and lots of food. There'll be lots of food all right for you to buy. We don't give away food of these thing. I got the distinct impression when he said that the snores will be assuming, oh, it's free food at the loft tonight. So when us ponytail is changing his tune, which I seriously doubt. So we're inviting all of the young Julios to come out tonight. We're talking about women. That's for damn sure. At the Pizza Lock from 69 and prove to us that we still have a loving, a wonderful and ethnic audience. The more ethnic to better. We want Yugoslavians. We want Croatians and Serbs and Bosnians. We want the Egyptians. We want geeks. We want lots of African Americans. We want Puerto Ricans. We want Colombians. Nick or Raghman. We want illegal aliens. We want Mexicans as long as they use a lot of right guard before they show up. Whatever you are, we want you to be there. And the more foreign the better. Look at that. As soon as I said that, Broward went out. You're a history, Broward. You're not kidding me. You're just on the last step before Volco. Okay. It's just one step away. Keep moving. Just like Indy Troy. Just keep moving north and pretty soon. You'll be in a goddamn upper peninsula, baby. So we'll do good in Jacksonville. 10-22 a WWE holiday. They got a pretty good football team, by the way. We'll stay everywhere you drive. There's a Borders Books and Music Store. And now there's a new one in Fort Latterdale. 22-40 East Sunrise. Next to the gallery of the new books, new music, new store. Big Bang, grand opening with Rick and Sides. Neal and Phil. Live, Saturday at 1. All the best of WIOD CDs, cassettes and t-shirts. All the guys live on location. All at one time. Latter's Books and Music on Sunrise in Fort Latterdale. One to three BM Saturday. Been a fitting center one from News Talk and Intertainment Radio. 610 WIOD. Oh. Okay. 10-28 a WWE. The Adams got a tough decision to make. And he's like two-face in Batman for every. He's going to flip a coin. Okay. We got an open line. Yeah. Just flip a coin and see what's going to be. I bet it ain't going to be Craig Stevens. Craig has got the hotse for Adam. I just thought I mentioned that. I hope it landed day 751 WIOD. All three in Broward of course. You open as soon as I mentioned. What is it? You want to know which one is tails. And which one is heads? No matter which one it comes out. It's both tails. Okay. No head. So anyway, here's an incredible thing that somebody sends me out of the Sun Sentinel. November 22nd from the Personal Ads. Wait to hear this. It says Seeking Peter North. Do you look like Peter North. Very sexy. Single white female. 265-2. Blond slash brown. That means blind up top brown down below. Thank you. Who enjoys photography and be Sikh someone with the same characteristics. If you look like Peter North. In other words, if you used to look really good like about 15 or 20 years ago. If you're a straight shooter. That's what she wants. You want to post office box or what? So anyway, Jeff Moss just calls and I'll tell you more about that later. Because I'm not going to tell these people now. Otherwise they'll start calling now. Here's Davey on a purple line. Hello. Hey Neil, time for me to do my cubic service. Yes. Our boys in blue are out in force on I 75. Yeah. Around. Exactly around mile walk and number 12. Ticking on the working people in on mark cars. Give them tickets for whatever reason. Great. You don't think it has to do with the end of the month. So yeah. No, I think it probably they're looking for all these foreigners that we just discovered in the census. And if they find any minorities out there, they'll beat the crap out of them. Oh yeah. One or two. So we can give another big news story. And then keep people, you know, keep some to talk about. And secondly, I want your favorite town or your own. No, my second favorite town next to Paris. Which by the way, of course, the French Quarter is the highlight in the whirlwinds. I tell you why it's such a crappy town. That key word. Yeah. Personally, I like the wall. But unfortunately, I went to a close friend of mine. That's the way of cancer. And they had a Baptist preacher at the service. And if you ever experienced that, this is like a new awakening. First of all, he told us we were all going to help. Let's be saved. Yeah. And then he said that two angels were going to come down and lift the soul of my friend. Up to the wall. I bet you one of his JT snow. Why I needed to know why. Yeah, that could be. That could be. Probably silly Davis's the other one. Okay. I got to throw one mine already in there. Why couldn't one angel do it? Why was your friend big? No, no, he wasn't. Well, I don't know. I was going to get into there a bunch of paintings like most of those priests. Anyway, thanks, Neil. And keep on 575. Okay. Right. Thanks for the good news. By the way, speaking of keeping on 575 is I'm coming down the highway to hell 79 Street to work this morning. There is a sign. Have you seen it? That says the Sembers 2nd through the 6th. 79 Street will be closed at 2nd Avenue. Now, if 79 Street is closed, that's northeast. I'm sure what they're talking about. If it's closed at northeast 2nd Avenue, there will be no way to get here. Except my way. Which is what? North East 10th Avenue. Oh, forget that. Which is all torn up right now. And they have a really a trotious detour. Dude, yeah, there's no way to get here. So I think, let's see, December 2nd is what Saturday. Right. So that means next Monday through Wednesday, we may have to bring out those tapes again for the whole station. Or else do the college show in from home. I don't think there's going to be any way to get here because they still got this gain. I'll turn up for like the last day, months. And you can't make the little wind these short cut there. It takes never going extra hour. There's no way to get here. So I just thought I would mention that in passing for the powers that be out there. Or so, how do you do that? They're going to be, in other words, not just certain hours, but it's going to be shut down for four solid days from December 2nd through the 6th period. So if you're going like anywhere over there on a causeway, I guess maybe we can come down to you old A1A with Ron St. John. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Sir. Man. Do you want to talk about you real quick? About me. Yes. It's not me if you've heard this before. Did you read the Dr. Edkins' self-revelations of September? The health revelation. She has a little newsletter that he puts out. No, I don't get that. Don't ask me why don't get that because with all of them, I'd be getting 10 copies of it every month. But let me let you know because of the unbridled on the air enthusiasm of a popular radio talk show hosted Miami. Right. My news. Who can't buy a call right now? You can't do it. I can't do it. Look for it. So the top of the self-revelations of their cellar list. I just want to let you know. I want to get your facts. I can send it to you. I just want to let you know personally that it worked for me over 30 pounds. Great. And the only problem with the diet is once you've lost it all the way, how do you keep enthusiasm for other people when you want to let them know about it? What do you mean by that? Well, if you've called you an api enthusiastic. Well, if taking care of yourself, but once you've got to tell the people, you're all good to be asked about it. So just point at him in life and say, hey, are you a fat slob and just laugh yourself silly? Have you continued with it? Yes. You don't have to continue with it on vacation. Uh-huh. But I only gained like two pounds and since I've been back, I went back on it. Now, right back where I was before I left. I lost the two pounds back. Which I think is pretty damn good when you consider that I tons of pasta in Italy. I ate canoleas. I ate all those perigina chocolates. I ate all kinds of stuff. I had a little gelato and only gained a couple of pounds. And my blood sugar never went crazy. Well, what I'm going to do is I'm just in fact to celebrate you because he doesn't mention you by name, which I think is not very nice. Well, that sucks, Bob. You do spaggy will fart. But you can always put it in your spare book. He's coming down here and he's sembered by the way. We're going to be having a seminar which I will be at with him, which I can't tell you yet because we don't know where it is. Oh, that's nice. Sometimes he's going to be coming down. Well, something needs to be done. A lot more people need to know about it. Well, a lot more people need to know about it. A lot more people need to let us know what's going on. But it was like one of those fad things. And people got excited about it for about two months. And we kept getting a million phone calls. And I was the end of that. Now it's it's all over. Which is, which is sad because there are a lot of people out there. It's not just a short thing. Like a lot of these stupid diets where you lose next amount of weight. It changes your whole body chemistry. Yes. That's the thing that I'm excited about. Even though I haven't lost any more weight and I've been stuck for like about a month now. It doesn't bother me because it changed my blood sugar. And I was able to go on education and pick out. And I didn't balloon up like a bull frog. It's an afternoon. So I've convinced a couple of people and they say that they're not paying attention to the medical reports anymore because it's for their concern. This works. Well, my doctor loves it. I'll tell you that and he's lost over 30 pounds on it. But can they recommend it? Why not? Well, I've got a friend of mine who said that she went to a doctorate said well, it's very interesting. But I cannot recommend it. Well, then find a real doctor. Okay. I'll give you a doctor. What's a ball? That's true. What's some brains and some balls? Good point. I'm going to get you a facts number. Okay. Okay. Keep it up. Look at that. Look at that phone. Now, baby. We are done with precious one. Okay. 1035 and Wild. Resp by the host guests or callers on WIOD. You're not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors. All WIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated. No take recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed. Without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated. It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hippopalamus. You're looking to play that funny well day today. I'd like to play games. That's a Jeff Moss. That's a little about this. 15 here. A ticket to the flyers game. Right? I think we were going to give away starting in the next hour. Because why should we reward these bastards? Take a look at this phone, baby. I thought yesterday was bad coming back day today. It's going to make yesterday look like a goddamn picnic. I'll guarantee it out. I'll get that shoe back to the guy off and you're already affects the best we can do. Get ready to him. Here's Miami. Hello. Here's how you do it. Here's the nail. Yes. I spoke to you a little while ago. I'm down for 30 pounds. I went to my doctor and had my knee. You mean you're up to 30 pounds? I dropped 30 pounds. Right. And just came back to my doctor a few days ago. And he said, I don't know anything about this. But she didn't die at what is working for you. My LDL's went out from 152 to 136. Oh. Yeah. That's great. Okay. Keep it up pal. With Ryan. See ya. I'd like that. Here's a report. How low knee, how much does that it about? 751 WIOD at day. I'm going to, you know what? I think I'm going to do. I'm going to go out on the street corner and hand those tickets that you have moss breeze in the next hour for the game to burn. I'm going to hand them out to the homeless. I'm going to find this, this scusiest, the most, the gross, test the most dangerous looking people I can find. And say, hey, what's him hockey tickets for the game tonight? That's what I should do. Because these people, sure, as hell, they don't deserve the sweat off our ass. I'll take it that. Here's Bell Harbor. Hello. Neo, how you doing today? Okay. Pretty low. Pretty low. What are we going to do with these right wing religious people? We're going to boycott Disneyland. Yeah. Did you read that to Harold yesterday? Yeah, we're just talking about that right. I can't believe it. Yeah. You know, all the money from those poor little people shoot them in the lake. Yeah. That's what we're going to do with them, Bell. Okay, babe. Okay. See if the target to practice. We'll show them a thing or two going to these abortion clinics and shooting abortion doctors. How about shooting right wing fanatics, huh? And if you happen to have bad aim and missed a lake, too bad. Because he works in mysterious ways. Here's Pomp and O'Beech, you've called it, Broward. Neo. Yes? Are you doing? Okay. First time calling? Well, great. Not a living person, huh? Yeah, living person. What are you doing here? I just woke up. Okay. I work night. Did you happen to catch the news last night? After the football game? Yes, sir. In other words, you think I would have stayed up through that? We're excuse for a football game and watch the news like at midnight? I mean, if that came, well, of course you were. See you're up at that hour automatically. But anybody that could have stayed away to that excuse for a football game, forget it. Right, right. Unbelievable. But there was a piece on your last night. There was a piece. We are very small piece. It was a diet. It was a religious diet. Yeah. You'll never guess what they do to lose weight. They read the Bible. Oh, hey. So stop them, so from eating. I'll tell you one thing. I read that enough. It would make me puke. I got an epidemic diet. I know. I guess they're working on that. They read the Bible, isn't it sad? How many sick weekmines there are out there? Just soaking up this crap. Unbelievable. And I also have an idea for my single. What to do with the dolphin? Yeah. Take your obie stadium. Rename it to fish pole. Take the dolphins. Rename them to go to fish. Because they go belly up in a couple weeks anyway. Okay. That's it, Neil. Have a nice life. You do. Go back to sleep. Okay. I've won Wild all three in Brower to wide open air five two four. I don't know what I'm sitting here pumping these numbers because our program directed told me yesterday. We got nobody but foreigners left in this market anyway. There are no people who speak English. We got no anglo's left in the minorities. Of course, don't listen to this radio station. And even if they do, they won't put it down in their diaries. So we haven't got a Chinaman's chance in hell. Speak at a Chinaman's chance in hell. What's this row is it, Rolandas? That her name on this row, Roxanne, Rolandas, Rolandas? Now, there's a show. If you want to see what America is becoming right there. Not that I want to sound big at it or anything. But it is comfortable once in a while to see a few people like yourself. In other words, if you're black, you like being, you know, having a few other black people around. If you're white, you like knowing that there's like five or ten other white people within a ten mile radius. And you turn on the all these talking head shows. She herself, of course, is black. She's got three black panelists done here three, a maniacs under the usual goofballs they got off the street somewhere. You look at the composition of her audience seventy percent of it is black, which I have no idea what city that show is taped in. But what city we got beside Detroit and Washington at seventy percent black. And I'm sure that show ain't taped in Detroit or Washington. And then the rest of the people, there's a smattering, there's a Asian people, Asian people, moving up in the world, not orientals. And there's like one or two like Anglo's. There are no Anglo's left in America. Okay, that's what the, that's the surprising part of the whole deal. There are none. And as far as dating, Broward County, if you're in your car right now, I challenge you to look around and see if you find anybody who looks like they speak English. You don't even think about asking them if they do, but just look at them. Swarrowd in an English and see if they understand. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, the other is Geo, Cole from Kendall first time color. Yes, sir. Just want to thank you to pump it some life into the city here. Completely. Yeah, it's really working big time. I'll tell you that. Woo. First is a thanks for the turn on to Adkins. I turned my wife on to her. She's happy as a pig. Second question. I want to have a pig. Happy as a pig or looks like one. No. You still. Never. Okay. Didn't get that bad. Second part is the Panthers want to go out to one of the games. Want to know what's the best way to get tickets. Do I wait before I be for the games? I go down and purchase from the one of the ticket. Do you want to go to the best way to get tickets from the Panthers? You want to cheap ones? I want to go to the seat. You want to. I don't want to pay out the bunch for them. Good ones is to go up there right before the game. How soon before the game? Like whatever time they open the box office, I don't know. I don't know. I'll be for I guess. I'll be for the opening. Excellent. That's it. Okay. I'll see you there. See, he was kind of like hitting around. I don't have any yet. I'll give him away when I get him. Okay. That means all these lines are going to go out. See, if that's the best we can do is either play games. You know, let's play some trivia. Let's do word association games. Let's play some kind of game to get these people off their day. I say a good hydrogen bomb is the way to solve the problem. I mean, you people are dead and nobody told you about it. I think it must have rubbed off from Hallendale and Tamarack and sunrise and surfside and Del Ray Beach. It must be rubbed off and everybody else. Everybody's dead here and they don't know it yet. You're special announcement. Most of you are dead. How do you like that? Speaking of that, here's Boca. Hello. I'm alive. Okay. I'm an angle or two. All right. Yeah, I'm not making it. Yeah, but you're in Boca. You're not in data-brower. You're in Boca. I want to take a talk at your last time. I'm not going to ignore. Good. But I did go up north and I had to go to the, you know, with a bit of some relatives and jersey. And it was, um, be a silly airport. Mm-hmm. And I had my cats and I had a panthered jersey on. Yeah. The looks. I was getting a hate. Right. Good. You know, through those guys. And they're like, I'm just like, it's also proud just going through the fili airport. I know they're chasing us and they can't quite catch us. I hope we kicked their ass 10 to 1 tomorrow night. I want to think that new arena they're building was pretty nice though. Yep. Next to the spectrum. The spectrum's just like a round piece of a drag. But it's that interesting how they have the stadium and the, uh, the arena right next to each other. Yeah. What a people are used to going there. It's convenient right off the expressway, which in Philadelphia. It's kind of hard to find anything right off the expressway. But that happens to be one of them and, uh, it makes too much sense for us. Yeah. It looks like you'll see. I mean, they're actually six to airport too. Yep. Oh, speak. Oh, I don't want to go to that thing about the airport again. Here, Miami. I'm going to tell you. Which is where it's Miami International or JFK. I cannot believe what crappy airports we have in so many cities including this one. Yeah, but Philly there. There are guests are coming around for an hour. How I wish how I pray that someday for Lauderdale it becomes a real airport. Yeah, and even a mouth of cones for sure is headed by the way. I don't want even a therapist like, you know, what's going on down here with your guys problem. I'm like, hey, you know, I'm a panther fan. Exactly. Who the hell is your dude? A dissociation. You know, I want to go with the, you know, go with the winner. I mean, I want to say it. I'm going to win or I'm almost slipped out. Yeah. I'm sorry, but they're my team. Okay. See you tomorrow. Tomorrow night we got to big game. We got an end effect that he's bringing tickets over here to give away for that game. That is really astonishing. 4,500 unsolved tickets for the first place Panthers against the second place Flyers with the second best player in the game, Eric Lindros. Tomorrow night we'll be there. Legion and Doom. And they're hotter than a pistol by the way. This is an important game for both teams. The Panthers are three points ahead of the flyers in second place. And, you know, we still, it's the same old story. I think what I need to do is go back out of town again. Because every time I go out of town, we have the best turnout. I think there's a message there somewhere. 1047 at WIOD. You're going to play with the big boys. You better be ready. You've got to practice. You've got to hit people. You've got to make things happen. And you've got to be intense. Sports. The WIOD way. Dolphins on the radio. From house. From talking entertainment radio. From house. WIOD. 1049 at WIOD. Here's a mobile in Hollywood as long gone. See what I mean about that. Really patient, baby. Two open lines in Broward. Now 5-2-4-1 on a green line. By the way, sir. Here's a check. From my return in Hellendale. 463020 at least for a center one. And don't forget we'll be at Borders and for a lot of deal. This Saturday from one to three. All of us reconcords in Fill and Ures. Truly. Here's Miami. Hello. Any good morning, you know. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Delbounded. Spellbounded. The Dolphins think it's an omniscient ponder that the act can think. Meaning what? It's just boring. Yeah. Cares already. Well, who the hell is talking about the Dolphins? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. 46,000. 786. There's our new center one. Total activity by the end of the month, which is two more days. We'll have up to 50 grand after pizza loft tonight and two more days. 5, 6, 1, 0, 0, 7, 8 is that number free to call in your orders for your best of CDs and cassettes and t-shirts. 5, 6, 1, 0, 0, 7, 8. Dayd lines all wide open. Now, 7, 5, 1, 9, 4, 6, 3. And I'm going to tell you right now, if they're not all lit up by top of the hour when it comes to give away those hockey tickets, they'd count it can kiss my fat ass, how do you like that? All you ethnic phones that are listening, but won't call in because somebody might recognize your voice and call you faggot or something like that, which you probably are anywhere. Where's money called for me, nigga man? Well, that 10 gallon Texas hat. Number party call. You know what's looking for Brotsy's and we need some help because he sleeps with the fishes. I don't, I'm not that desperate. I got to talk to David Cough. What's wrong with that? What do you want? I can curse that get the old Jew best you guy. I don't want chronics man. I want some living people. I fit the sweetest Jewish category here. You see another man grab mine already right. Listen, I can. Another fact. I got back from New York City for Thanksgiving. Yeah. And I can comment on JFK or Miami International. Yeah. It's not close. Miami International sucks. It's yours. It's worse than JFK. I don't think so. Even though even the moving walkways that JFK, the rubber is rotted out. That's how old and how bad and how unkempted airport is. What a joke in their idea of restaurants is Burger King and Taco Bell. That's their two gourmet restaurants at JFK. It's bad. It's pretty bad. A pathetic excuse for an airport that is. And the parking here sucks too. Yeah. That's right. It does suck. You can't move and you can't get out. Once you get out onto the streets, you almost get run over by some of the people. So since you call now, I'm glad you put yourself in this position. Right. How am I going to get to work next Monday through Wednesday when North. Uh, East Second Avenue on 79 streets going to be closed off. How do we get here? Are you going to provide a helicopter? Right. North Miami Avenue. Miami Avenue to what? Well, what is 70, 90's to what's this closed off? This is the news to me. I just got back. Well, there's a big sign right there in the middle of the street. They've the cop in the city of Miami. There's a big sign. It says December 2nd through the 6th. Gradually pretty much before an afternoon a Vegas march. Number 12 coroner Emma 22. Is host with you three 24 just isn't exercising? Uh,指, said 27nd. So it's three. Why for 2nd we're going to get him out of cm like that. Thatraszam is ready for physically full and aulace limit in 459­ 739, Ara Maner's quarter right in front of us. That rosary right is for an 34k distance from sandwiches without any like worth. Hello. Yes sir. I want to go to the Panthers game and yeah. Okay. Sit on this. Open line on the green line. 1-800-944. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Yes. What do you mean another one? Well, the only one that you're listening. That's right. And you can't get to Diaries because your Mama Seet, the grabs that are the mail and fills it all at WQBA, WRHC, and Arradio Romance and we get no chance. And I'm also an average romance and we get no chance. And I'm also an adolescent 5.0, a much thing driver. Oh, Jesus. You'll get over that. Hey Neil. Maybe Daddy will buy a Corvette when you turn 15. Right, maybe. Neil. You think the dolphins have any hope now that uh, no. You'll be toast this out of the sea. Well, I might be a plus. It is a plus. We got buckwheat. Yeah. Like I said, no chance. See you. Take up a new sport pal. Soccer's not bad. Take it easy. See you. Open line on a purple line at 18 T. Wireless pound I would be. We got two on a blue line. Okay. Here's our topic today. Talk show our game show host, Dead or Alive. Bird Convey. You know, I've never, I always forget his name for some reason. But I guess when you're dead today, it came back to me. Bird Convey. God that I hate him. He was one of the most done. And he died a little lack of a brain tumor. He wasn't very old. Was he was in his 40s? And he's dead. Who? Bird Convey. You don't know Bird Convey. He was on Tattle Tails. What? Oh, you don't have the game show channel. Because you don't have a dish. You just some pedestrian slob at a cable. So you can't see all those great old. Well, that's not that old of a show. Tattle Tails. You don't remember that show. Where they had the little green TVs and they had the couples on there. And like, uh, still are in mirror. We're always on there. And all these boring people that you never want to see again. Telling different tales and I had to match the stories about their wives and the boyfriends. It's at a remote. You never, you never, you never saw Tattle Tails. You don't know who Bird Convey was? God, are you lucky? Man did I hate him. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. How about Bud Codier? He's dead. Yeah, long since. Yeah. Anyway, I'm trying to brush about the dolphins. What can I do? You're what? I mean, I don't want to talk it. That guy that called me forward said crap on here. He was right. I don't want to talk about the guy damn dog. How about the light bulb? What about it? Put the non either. What the hell is that? They got on. We have the same as the dolphins crap. We have all the Broward lines. What open 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. I'm going to tell you this right now. I'm declaring a hiatus on the dolphins right now for the rest of this week. Okay. When they lose to the falcons on Sunday, then on Monday next week, you can call him cry again. I am so that guy was right. Every station you tune on in this town. It's the same crap. In fact, I'm going to tell you before a rumor comes on here tomorrow on Rips QA M&S. On Sunday, get back from the airport. Didn't go to the game. I was too tired. So I'm trying to find them a Panther Kings game on TV. It's blacked out. So I'm forced to turn on a radio. It's five minutes to seven. The first period is over. What are they talking about during the middle of a hockey broadcast? They're talking about the NFL scores. And we got more crying and as you get teeth about all the dolphins lost again. In the middle of a hockey broadcast. Nice, go and QA M&R. Are you doing a hell of a job for the Panthers? No wonder they got 5,000 empty seats for tomorrow night. U.S. holes. It's like the other week you turn them on and they're talking about the damn heat signing along some morning in the middle of a basket of football broadcast. Or whatever the hell it was. What is the sport? What are they playing with the puck? You know what it is. See, can't you remember what it is anymore? Because they're changing the goddamn story on this right in the middle of the game every time. But take all your dolphin manure like man. It says and shovel it. Will you? Hey. Stench of cow manure. Hover is over. This performance. Oh, you bet. Here's Bointon B. Like I said, we're not going to talk about it again. Bointon B. Show. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Hey, man. What about that hockey game tomorrow night? What about it? Why? Why? They should be able to sell that game out. Yeah. Come on. Like Eric Landrots or second first place, second place team. Come on. So you're calling me something. I don't know. This is a crap whole town. What can I tell you? I'm the guy to got tickets and went down there and they weren't there. And now it's got moths that pushed the hook me up. Yeah. For tomorrow. Well, don't look at me about it. Nothing. I'm not involved. I can in the middle of this again. All right. But I'm George for it. I hope. Yeah. I want to talk to George. You're going to put me on a hold. Let me talk to McDrak and go all the way down there and make sure it'll be there for me. What? What do you say, George? You're a pain in the ass? Well, you know what you just said? Yeah. That's what I just said you're a pain. I'm good at lip reading now. It can also be a lot of money to take a day off. You know, to go down. I thought he gave you a bunch of other stuff though to make up for it. You gave him dinner at the pizza. Maybe dinner at the law. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, it's my sort of station of all sorts of paraphernal. We got a bunch of crap. Okay. Get out of here. What's sorry. It's hard to you already. Okay. I didn't give you Jeff moss his number. No, no, no. I'm not going to come down here thinking that this stupid station is going to give you a prize. Then you deserve what you get. Nothing. You deserve getting shine. Here's my hand me. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, new. Have you heard your uh, Spanish version of you? Have I heard what? Your Spanish version of you. Meaning what? Lafe. In radio Lafe? No. It's Carlos. Yeah. He's much better than you though. Yeah. Yeah. The way you're listening here. Because I love you. Uh huh. Take care now. What? Open line in date. 751946311 and Broward. Five to. Well, that was brilliant. There's another one of those Julios. He's putting down. He's listening to Carlos. We ain't even probably on here anywhere. But he loves me. Francisco Alruca is the best radio show on him. What? What time is he on? I don't know. There you go. I rest my case. Okay. Airvie Julio in the city is listening to the show right now. But they're going to write down. They're listening to Carlos. They're listening to Francisco Alruca. They're listening to a Ray Ruiz. Give it him a big squeeze. That's what these guys are doing. You phones. You faggots. Here's a mobile and homestead. Hello. Mobile and homestead. Hi. Yes, sir. Are you doing this mobile and plantation? Says mobile and homestead there. I was right. Did unless George is to pull the fast one. Where do you say you are? I believe you're doing it. Look out the window. There are a bunch of red necks around. No. One should get this. Okay. Anyway, I'm probably close to sunrise. I went to the hockey game. I must have been a moving cover game. I got tickets from you off the show. There's my first hockey game and it was great. You're right about the fan. Every time the fan says scored, I was like jumping out of my seat going nuts. And everybody else is like clapping. Yeah. There's like sitting there. I'm like, you're the only time they get animated is when they put that stupid thing on the scoreboard. You're the guy's meter. The noise meter. Hey, the real scoop. Hey. Like we're impressing somebody. Okay. With this fake excitement. You know, it's like faking an orgasm either. You felt it or you didn't. I mean, and all the phony rock excitement ain't fooling anybody. And it's not like any other city where like, I don't know if you saw the game, but no third quarter, the panther score to go ahead. Go. And they took it away from them. Right. And I mean, I'm like jumping down going crazy. And you had like a few booze. There was like that. A few complaints. Yeah. But basically it was like everybody is like, oh well, you know, no. Yeah. But when that panther patrol starts throwing those t-shirts when they start sling, those things up into the crowd. Maybe that's what they go nuts. You should have seen the people. You don't have to blimp that goes around. Yeah. Drop those t-shirts to paper. Right. You get a free banner. Right. You think they were dropping gold. Yeah. I mean, these people are not going each other off. You know, I'm going to play something over the seats for you. A little piece of paper. Well, welcome to Miami Pal. We hired the best programming consultants in the business and told them to go to hell. 16 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale. You've been using talk and entertainment radio. 16 W I O D. Let me know six to W I D. We're not going to give away the hockey tickets. I just made up my mind. No, carefree brings 400 pair here. You're going to have to really do a lot of pleading and begging with this performance yesterday and again here today. It is beyond, it's beyond description. Data lines, wide open man. All you Julios out there. It's all we want to hear from our Julios and black people and oriental amenations and Eskimos and Mexicans and anybody else that fits into a minority category. That's the only way we're going to make it all you white people. Screw off. Okay. What about dust juice? Dust juice? Dust you didn't? Yeah. Yeah. You're not seem bastard. You anti-Semite. I don't use this white tonight. Arabs are great. All right, call George. I'll use you. There are call him up and he's doing this right before Hanukkah to really stick it in there. He's probably going to put up a big cross in one of those things in front of his house. What are they call those things? Did I where they have the little Ameri and the Jesus and the whole what do they call that? Shrine. No, not a shrine. I have a name for that. Are you serious? The glory hole, right. Oh, Jesus. North Miami, be. Hello. Neil. Are you doing? Okay. I want to talk to you. What do they call that? What do they call that? Where they have that little display that Christmas thing out in front of some people's houses? Nativity. Then it'sivity scene. Even this guy knows it. What's wrong with you, George? You're funny, Guy. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I just wanted to talk about the tante. There's a little picture. Nobody else seems the one they don't give a crap. They got something good. They don't even know whether it's me or the panthers. They got something good in their hands and they will slip right away. Well, fact Goldberg, all he good wants to do is talk about the dead dolphin. You know something I am so sick and tired. What is there to say about the dolphins? They suck and tired to hear in the crying and the whining. And Schuillers got to go and all of it. We know all of that. What's the point of saying? We got the first place team they wanted. Why can't they talk about that? Right. And then all these people call for free tickets like that asshole from Boynton Beach. There's plenty of tickets for sale for crying out loud. Let them scrape a few bucks together and go and support his deed. Well, I'm going to go on here. I got to get Panther pack. I'm so I'm doing. There you go. You know what I do about earlier is that icebreaker package, which is a great package. Right. I got that. My first came on to this show was the King's Game on Sunday. That was awesome. That must have been great. Oh, they scored twice in the last seconds of the first and second period. That must have been done. You want to know something Neil? You are a Robin eater, Meyer. Yeah. Who was quiet last year. You weren't sure about this guy. But you know, he came out with fire and his eyes like, you know. That's because we got Doug McClean. That's because we got a coach who can motivate these guys. He got Doug McClean is God and everybody doesn't appreciate him ought to get their ass kicked. You know what? You know, I asked his men something though. I was one of those lame people who didn't go earlier in the year because I was just saying I didn't want to get a attach. I want to get my money to Wayne but... Oh, come on. I figured, you know, I'm the one to be missing out. He's going to do what he's going to do regardless and I'm just going to be the one missing out if I don't go. I got something good, Maddie, enjoy a while you guys. Exactly. So I plan to go tomorrow and watch these guys play who actually will practically want to earn their money and play for the fun of the game and give it to their all every night. There you go. So anyway, and you'll see tomorrow at the game then. Okay, bring your rats. All right, see you. How do you like that? There's an ice guy who actually knows what an activity scene is unlike our uh... you know, you see, you're just a brutal man. You hate to juice, you hate to go. You hate the angles, you hate the blacks, you hate the spikes. You just hate everybody. Okay. We have an open line in date, 751 and one in Broward, 524, is that me? Anyway, let's go to Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. Welcome back. Uh-huh. You still got that problem with your feet smelling? Do I have a problem with my feet smelling? Yeah, I heard you talk about that. No, it's matter of fact that put those, I put those, what are they call those things? What are you? Yeah, no, it's matter of fact my shoes smell great and I've been walking around all over Europe in miles and miles and miles and they smell pretty nice. Oh, yeah, I was going to uh... I'll play your cards later. I'll let you come over here in the Tegasniff. I was going to on my view. I've heard for something I make out the place I work. What is that? I'm taking it called freshy feet. Freshy feet? Yeah. The spray. Freshy feet at Johns Real Sweet before you put your shoes on. Yeah. It was wondering if I could spray your feet or you spray your shoes. Spray your feet and then put them into shoes. Yeah, well that's the end of the way you do it. You put your feet in your shoes, yeah. But you spray your feet with this stuff first. Yeah, is it like desks and axe? No, it's got a, uh, kill the odor. So in other words, you could like spray anything. You can spray your nuts with it. Yeah, you can spray enough if you want. Before Christmas time. Uh-huh. It removes odors, cold and relieves the aching pains in your toes. Uh-huh. It makes them feel real good. Or if you have like a drug problem, you can spray your crack with it. Probably. Okay. I don't know if it's good. Well listen, I'll listen. I'm going to put it again. Freshy feet. Freshy feet. Where can I buy it? Um, I don't know where you can buy it. Florida. I have to look at what you're going to buy that. Huh? You sell it? Yeah. I could bring you some. But what do you mean you don't know where you can buy it? Oh, I have to think because we're all manufacturing. I have to find out who the distributor is. Well, I'm trying to give you a nice plug in lieu of tickets, which I don't have yet, but uh, you don't have the tickets. Not yet. Why is that what you're on? You're on a line out. Thick and you're going to get tickets? Uh, I thought it was. You sound so depressed. Oh, I am now. I can't take it. I didn't say you weren't getting any. Oh, how about some tickets? Um, so when are you going to bring me your freshy feet? I could bring it to the game tomorrow. I can get some tickets. That would be a good deal. All right. Okay. Should we give this guy some tickets? Now what if Jeff Moss don't show up? Then we can give this. We can give this. We can give this guy the guys number from Boit and Beach. Your friend Ed. Okay. Hang on, pal. All right. And don't forget my freshy feet. All right. Okay. Line seven. There's our first pair, which Jeff Moss ain't even a heriats. See, that's that's all he wants. This audience is just a bunch of suckers, man. They just suck and suck and suck and suck and suck. Please, please, we want something. We don't care what you got. Just give it to us. So come on. There you go. Jesus Christ, what's wrong with you people? My God, we used to have fun on this show. We used to have a radio station here. And lately, I'm going a shot just trying desperately to figure out what it takes and a market where there are no people left who speak English except 10 free loaders. And these people figure if they're going to have to live here to rest in their lives. They might as well start doing a good imitation of the cemetery village people and be free loaders, baby. What do you got for me? That's it. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800 don't forget Jeff Remer is going to be here tomorrow morning at 10. We're going to talk about five minutes of hockey and then he's going to rip QAM and ask for two hours. I don't want to put words in his mouth, but he's going to rip them a major ask. He's going to take the story behind the story of the people who really own that radio station of what a backstabbing two-faced son of a bitch and goldburgers. He is really going to let it all hang out here tomorrow. And by the way, fat, can be more than happy to tell to you to your face or to get you either or both. Okay? If the eyebrows or the fat ass didn't get in away. Wednesday morning is our producer says we think we're going to be having on a guy who claims that what? Is that not right now? It just makes me feel like I'm not doing my job. You're not doing your job. Let me do the promo. A guy who says that the dolphins have been playing like crap because he's got a Buddhist chant on him. Okay, curse. That's why everybody when they play bad they all go, boo, it's curse. I'm in my sentence. Oh no, I'm in sense. Rick and Sud, six to ten a year on news, talk in entertainment radio, six to ten WIOD. Stench of palmenor, hubbers over this performance by the dolphin. I hear you, you wrote in. I can't say it's bloody cough. It comes on again. We're going to have some fun. Here comes on again. Everybody grab your gun. People starving in the street, human flesh from me. They're poor horsemen, come and dawn. Here comes on again. Oh my God. Put on a happy face. Here comes on again. Land of the human race. 11 17 at WIOD. So anyway, allegedly there's a thing in a herald about Aaron the sex pitch. Oh, you saw it? Where is it? I noticed we had a lot of response about that. I'll tell you one thing. All we got to do is get a full page of those paper and a phone just ring off the hook. Hey, just see that thing about the sex pitch in the paper. No. Absolutely, positively, nothing. Unless you hear the rumors inside the building, you hear nothing. I got you down. Here's and by the way, she's often Tampa. I guess you should know that and last it is often Tampa and no hooter girls and Gary Spivy and Ron and Ron are still on but watered down. And here's the sex pitch again. Where? Flip it around. Oh my God, look at that. Oh Jesus. It's in the light, the living section, the herald which is kind of an oxy moron for this town to have a living art section, living anything section. Aaron Summers says her lipstick and personality don't match her. So anyway, it's a thing about lipstick. Do they have to kind of judge moral words in a young and a horny? Oh, guess what? In one of the European magazines, you'll never guess speaking of a young and a horny who's another male model in there from a couple of years ago. Give you one guess? Yes. How do you like that? That born again, Faggot. Who the hell is he kidding? What are those dimples in there? I know why he's got those deep incisions in his cheeks. So anyway, how to read your lipstick? The shape of your used lipstick may reveal your personality since Cynthia Chris Christ, Houston cosmatologist and ex makeup for the TV show Dallas. And it's got a whole song to dance here, man. You talk about how boring things must be in this world today. We got to have a whole page here about lips talk and all depending on how your lipstick looks, how about your chapstick? How about manages chapstick? If it's got like a solid invitation, does that mean he's been given Brian extra? So anyway, here on the bottom, Aaron Summers says her lipstick and personality don't match. Aaron Summers post the passion phones, the Colin section on WOD from 8pm to midnight Mondays through Fridays. Lipstick's slant keeps close to original tip shape. She likes the shape of that tip right on her lip. Her lipstick says great follower. She says no way I consider myself a leader, mainly because I'm a control freak. Doesn't matter if the, it's holding the remote or making a gross relist, I want control. She wants to hold it tight. If we're buying sour cream, I want the lights are cream, not the fat free, not the regular and I want the public's brand. Her lipstick says someone reserved. She laughs and says, oh sure, if you could only see what my husband and I did with the chandelier this morning. Maybe they mounted it. Oh my god, you see this is what gets in a paper is this bitch again. I wonder who wrote our list out. The one who wrote that wonderful article about me and the atkins die we love you Liz. Nobody's perfect. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neal, how you doing? Okay. I wanted to ask you me, what do you think it's going to take to motivate this city to get behind the pants? Not going to happen. You don't think so. Absolutely not. Because I mean, it's ridiculous. Not going to happen. You're the one that turned me on to the panthers. I've got season tickets for him. How are we going to motivate them? What do the panthers? Well, I can't even motivate him to call unless I'm giving something away for free. You can't motivate the people this down. It cannot be done. It cannot be done. All right. I mean, because I've been, the only way you're going to do it is if you give him something for free in order to buy the ticket, give him something to the value of which is more than the cost of the ticket, in which case Wayne will be moving by this weekend. Well, they go nuts. What you said is true. They go nuts when they fools come out from the panther packs. I mean, those people go absolutely nuts. That panther patrol man. Those people should be shot right there in the arena. That's how disgusting they are. They're all. They're all. I mean, Jectionable and the whole routine, the whole ambiance of that crap is disgusting. It's the same routine. Yeah. The same routine game after game in the people. Doing that. Poor imitation of those guys in a clockwork orange, Malcolm Agdoll is embarrassed from it. Well, you know, it's just I've been saying, you know, what to do to move those damn things that they're wearing in those to their crotch. What do they call that? God pieces. God pieces. Yeah. See it was something that's why ask because I know it was something finally could answer. I took one of those is cod pieces. You don't know about his nativity scene, but he knows his cod piece. You know, I took an employee of mine who's Mexican that never been to a hockey game and he was so riled up and he was fired up and you see the people around and just like, I don't know if they're intimidated to get up and shout, you know, but the same thing is happening at the heat. I don't know if you've been to the heat. I know I have not and never will. Never will. I don't want to see a bunch of seven foot two freaks. Yeah, same thing happened to be a game and the same thing is going on with the panthers. You know, and this is Miami. Don't you understand? You're starting to sound like me now. You're trying to make chicken liver out of chicken crap. You cannot do it. This is a crappy place, man. It's a crap hole. Because I mean, if this was any other city, yes, that follows hockey and with the panthers, yeah, but it does like they are. It doesn't. And you know something, if you go to a game, you try talking to the people sitting around you about the game and they don't even know who the players are. They have no understanding of what it's about. They still only applaud when they announce the bees are there because it's the only player they know. It hasn't changed in three years. So it hasn't changed in three years. The only reason they they applaud is because it's the name that you've mentioned. The name that they know, but like you say, talk to one about the actual game of hockey. They don't know. They have no idea. And it's the only thing they know is on the birthday cake that's it. And it's a shame because the parents are giving this time blows. Okay, they don't deserve the Panthers. Well, they're giving 100% you can't do it. They deserve a way to pull up plug on them tomorrow. I'm going to tell you that. They deserve that. They deserve that way and move them out to Nashville. Just to stick it up their ass. I'm starting to like Wayne a lot more by the minute than more. I think about it. They deserve to be screwed by Wayne or anybody else who wants to screw them. Stick it to a Wayne. And by the way, the rumor hasn't that Jeff Moss and Chris Moore are doing it by the way. Neil, have you ever talked to anybody or have you ever been personally to any of the games and of the mighty ducks? Yeah, I've been personally to some of the games for the mighty ducks. The mighty ducks? Yeah. Even if I ever been to Annaheim? Yeah. Not recently, not to the mighty ducks. What kind of would I go to Annaheim for? What a Mickey Mouse place that. Do you think the crowd out there is following it? But that's a different story. It's a different, those are different people. Yeah, it goes back to the, which are saying that people are there. This is a dead place. It's a dead town man. Well, I don't know. I think the Panthers though you a lot because like I said, I'm sure there's a lot. Yeah, they owe me a lot. I'll tell you they wouldn't give me the sweat off neater Myers ass. I'll tell you that right now. Because Joe Rose is busy collecting it in a bottle. Well, I know you've turned a lot people in the hospital. You turned me on to it. Yeah. I'm sure there's a lot of people out there that. I've been putting up with Jeff Vermorodamar morning and effort to try to sell out their many seats and generate some interest tomorrow. Again, that we should be embarrassed. We should have standing room only tomorrow night for the God damn flyers and Eric Lindros. If this town knew a good thing when it was going. Neil, here's a team that's one eight million games in a road that's in first place. They got the hottest other team in a goddamn league coming in that are as exciting as all get out and we're sitting here begging. Please somebody go buy a ticket. You assholes. You know the only way it's going to be miserable. You're miserable. You're going to win 4,000 tickets. Right. The only way. Well, we're about ready to do that. You keep it the good work. Have a great life. Thank you. See you there. Okay. Jeff losses here. The coast is clear. You can call in now. We got a bunch of tickets. You assholes. Boy, do you people make me make my stomach churn. You make my my kishki is just churn and twist. Even the Isley brothers never twisted and shouted like my kishki's are twisting from being in this God forsaken toilet of a town. You give them something good. You give them gold and they rather have manure. Hey. Stench of cow manure. Hover is over this performance. Buy this town. It's 1125 at Wild. Check your way to the Super Bowl with Miller Light and 610 Wild. Listen every day. We'll direct you to a finalists cafe or big daddy's liquor store with a 610 Wild. The armored car arrives. Registration begins. Lunchtime and happy hour locations change every day. So listen and kick your way to the Super Bowl with Miller Light and use talk and entertain the radio. 610 Wild. 1129 at Wild. Jeff Mosses that Joe Guy from Bointen Beach is a real. That's all. That's what he said. Oh, and well, whatever it is name is. Rose by any other name would still be in. That's all. So we only got 8 pair, which means we only got 7 life for the game against the flyers tomorrow. This to me, this is so embarrassing. The fact that we have to be sitting here the day before that game. Giving tickets away to fill up 16 seats that I have to put up with Jeff Remer for two hours tomorrow by the way to Jeff Mosses hates like poison. Have him for 89. Yes, he does. I'll tell you how much he hates Jeff Remer. He actually gave him that day planner. The one that's got all the mistaken games, the wrong dates and everything. He gave it to Chris Moore just to shove it up Remer's ass. How do you like that? And the guys at QAM say must be getting pretty crowded in there. Okay, here's Miami Springs. Hello. Good morning Neil. When is Diaz? I don't know. I don't know. I don't speak to language. Why not? Because I'm just one of these boys that live here. I don't know. Which man, that's the only way you're going to cut it here. I don't have enough money to get you. I'm not going to have guys. There are no Americans here who are not hyphenated. Can I choose first so we can get to the media the conversation? What are you going to ask for some hockey tickets? Yeah, because I love the sport. Yeah, you wouldn't know a hockey puck from a bagel. I've been a lot of games. Yeah. I'm a guy who has the dad who's a blues fan, you know. Yeah. Yeah, they're doing well. I understand Roger Neilson has already headed out with Mike with Mike Keenan, there have a big to do over there in St. Louis, which just breaks my heart. They could be another place in the equation. But all of that money over there in the second wind in last place, it makes me real happy. Hey, speaking about Mike Keenan, he should only dial wicked death with Roger Neilson sitting shotgun. He's speaking to spending money. You know, think about it. If I think it would have kept that 18 million that he spent on the dolphins. Yeah. Stuck it in the bank. He could have broke even on the panthers for a whole not a 12 months. That's good point. Think about it. I say take I say with draw to salaries from all those guy they've overpaid football players. We could probably build an arena. There's only one professional sports team in this town. Yeah, you're just sucking heavy duty. But it's the suckest thing. I've never been a performance like this. What happened to you? You could smell this performance. A stench of cow manure huffers over this performance. Yeah, you can say that again. Don't think your feet. You're talking about your call here. There's two topics that think man, it's often. I can smell it right through the radio. And that's not even listening today. Huh? What happened to Philius? Or even what? Racked. About one. Name and stuff. When was this? I guess it was about 430 because there's no calls. There's no calls on his radio station. Don't you understand? Now I got calls up the ass because I got stupid hockey ticket. I was going to line before Moss got there man. That's why I got to pray that the Panthers never leave town otherwise I'll never have any calls anymore. Yeah, but put my ass in the seat because I appreciated it. And I thought the panther stirs he and I get a panther license plate on my truck and I'm not talking about the furry one. You want us to put your ass all on a seat? You can put it anywhere you want it. No thanks. Hold on. Thanks, but line two. I'm going to have to put up with six more assholes like that in order to give away 12 more tickets. It's almost not even worth it. Not bad life savers, but I like those real hot fruity ones. What are those? What do they call those ones? Remember I brought that pack in that day flaming uh flaming fruits? No seriously they have I don't know where you get those if you ever seen those? Oh those are good man. Those are those talk about tear in your kishki sod. There's nothing like a good flaming fruit. That's what Craig Stevens said. Boy he and Adam I understand the word is that there's there's a regular cat fight between Brian Andrews and the Craig Stevens over Adam. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Great. I bought that San Diego game. Yeah. I had I just had a car to let you know that. Pretty weak. Well that's all right you know. This is don't you George? At least they won. Yeah. Neil you know what? I actually had a call because I'm trying to get some panther tickets. No chance. I've been going to have you all way Jose. I'm sorry. No chance. Come on. No way Alex. Why not? I've been to win about five five games. I bought all three all right. I'll tell you look give you a pair. Who are you going to bring? You only need one. What's there? You only need one. Nobody will go with you. Well I don't well no I got my cousin I could go with. Okay. I'll tell you what. I'll give you the pair if you promise you don't call again for four months. Oh man okay. Yeah that's a tough decision right there okay let's get the time around. Get the clock going. Well okay that's that's fair. Four months that's fair. Take a rest. Oh yeah. Give it a rest. Four months. Okay. And your sound's good. Four months. Okay hang on. Okay. One and three. Did I tell you I told you that goofball is around for you. Yeah get out of here was already on. You're just playing up to all your whole your friends out there hoping you're going to get a little on the side. I definitely remember. Oh yeah that's right. So how many we give away now? Three. Three pair. And we had one. We had eight pair. So we got 10 tickets left. That's pretty weak. George told me at 15 if I knew you only come in here with eight pair to tickets to you. Why wouldn't even let you in the door? Anyway it's 1134. How do you all have it about it? It's the truth. This man good friends with Chris Moore. If Chris Moore could hear what Jeff Moss has said about his on-air performance about how bad his broadcasts of Panthers hockey are. He'd give him back that day planner with a corrected dates on it. You suck Chris the worst. Well I got to remove the lifesaver to do this spot. But anyway you're not in. It's really great you. I'm at home Sunday. You can't find the game anywhere on TV. I'm checking every satellite in the sky for the LA back hall. I cannot find it anywhere. And I got to turn on a radio and hear in between periods. I got to hear 15 minutes about the goddamn NFL scores and boohoo the dolphins blue another one. That's great coverage you guys are doing here on 560 WQAMU suck. It's so that's what I'm telling it. That's what Dean Jordan said. 1135 at WI named by the way Dean Jordan spent the entire van cover game sitting with Jeff Remor. I just thought you might not know that. Okay. Just to just to better watch your ass. What? Right up there in a front. That's right. Right by the goal judge. In fact he's the one that put Jodi house goal. He put the goal right on. Right now some people are moving and shaking. Some are goofing off and some just watch from the sidelines. It had 610 WI OD news. We focus on the movers and what they make happen. The news talking entertainment radio. 610 WI OD. Hey, it's a standard about just gonna say you're part of the problem. Something that the f***. It's a part of the problem, dude. Okay. 23 till noon. Thanks so much Jeff. Better luck next time. And say how to Chris Moore for me. Let's go to Orlando. Hello. I need to welcome back from vacation. Thanks. I wanted you to start out your show today talking about laughter and S.U.N. Because last Thursday when they were playing best of tapes, it was like the first day you went on S.U.N. down there. All these people called up. Go where's my son? Oh, you got to be kidding me. They played that tape again. And the bird. From three years ago. And the bird called you. Jesus. But it was funny. I still laughing about that. You've been playing the mandiches. I'm Zal morning. The stintio calmanour. Yeah. There was another one that happened on the 49er's game after it was over. I don't know if the guy was yelling at Mandy. We're far in the hammer the team. But some guy walks blind goes. You suck. And Mandy just f***ing with the microphone trying to cover it up. And you can hear him laugh and in the background it was funny. Really? But he was yelling, man did you suck? I don't know if they were referring to Mandy to the team. But not that you have to suck. But it helps. It's great hearing you again and you're coming in real good today. Well that's great. And then closing. Come back nobody's listening. Wanting the best of tapes? Yeah. And memory of Bill from Newport Richie. Hello. Okay. Bye. Bye. You know somewhere in here I got that. See nobody cares anymore because we don't have any of the audience left who's still listening when we're on S. U.N. They don't even know what S. U.N. is. But somewhere I got that tape that Bill from Newport. Oh here it is right here. I'll be goddamn. Man. Am I on top of it today or what? One moment please. Oh my gosh. Oh, golly old me. Lucky here right here on the old twinkling front. There are two. Two calls on the celebrity line. And you wonder why he's off the year now by the way. Good morning. Celebrity number one. How are you Rose and St. Petersburg? I got to cold. I'm bad. Oh you got to cold your bed. Well Rose and St. Petersburg allow me to bring in at this time Bill in Newport Richie. Either Bill in Newport Richie. Hi Bill. Say low to Rose. Say low to Rose Bill. Say low to Rose. Say low to Bill. What's your problem, idiot? We just don't see. See what I mean by. What's problem here? What's trying to work this out? I'll explain to you one thing Rose. You're one miserable bitch to lay off me. Go to hell Bill you suck. Thanks Rose. You're a nice woman. Do you want to play with the woman she is? Do you love your mom? Rose you're a bitch. I love it but she's still alive Bill. Okay it's 1140 a W.O.D. those with a days man S.U.N. which they just caved in Cox brought casting just to come. They just signed over to whole goddamn radio station to the American F.E.C. Association. I want to tell you man that Todd whatever his name is over there. Todd with the ugly bod. There's a guy with some real balls. There's the guy who epitomizes everything this company stands for cowardice and spinlessness and the waffling all over to God damn place. And Tom Velvita last time we checked his left hand. His number is disconnected. How do you like that? Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Long time with her in frequent color. Why was it geek? Yeah. I'm real glad you're back. Yeah me too. I hate those shapes. Yeah. Listen to me. I think this town deserves tapes. I'd like to hear more about Italy. Would you like to hear about it? I'd like to hear well what is the average cost today for your hotel and your meals and just a nice Well, I can't keep you average cost for hotel because I stay in a pretty swanky hotel. My average hotel room was like 240 bucks today, but you can get a pretty decent hotel. Would like actually running water a little bit for probably like half of that. I see. And the meal how much are they? Meals are like I would say for lunch about 38,000 lira would be average for two people which comes out to about $22.23. Not bad for two people. And what's the best time here to go there? Best time of the year to go there is either in May or September October. Are you going to go? You know I'd like to, but of course the budget is always the problem. Yeah, but let me tell you something. If you go to one of the bookstores and you find one of those little books where they have those travel on a budget books and they list all the inexpensive hotels. Not granted. They're not going to be the swankyest hotels because even the expensive hotels in Europe by our standards are pretty marginal at best. But that's you know how much time you're going to spend in a hotel. Are you going to be doing a sleeping there? That's right. That's true. And they'll give you the ways to get budget affairs on a plane. If you don't want you know if you want to fly coach with all the slabs in there, you know you can do that. That's me. Yeah, well there you go. And it's my favorite relatively soon. You can walk the streets there morning noon and night and the only problem in Italy is the gypsies and all they do the worst that can happen is somebody can try to pick your pocket. And if you just scream at them get away get lost and kick them in them out there you're one pretty fast. Okay well listen to you because I possibly have some tickets for the game. You're kidding me. I'd like three if I could have them. Are you listening to this George? No, say that again. Could I have tickets for the game? And what did you say after that? I'd like three if I could have them. But we have an open line in date 751 WildD and one in the green line. What if not just the cutter ass off there. Okay, I hope you have a good time in Rome sweetheart. You cheap bitch. I hope they shove you in cargo. I hope they put your right back there with the animals that leave big drop. Hey, stench of cow manure. Yeah, I hope that's what you sit with for like 10 hours going over and 11 hours coming back sweetheart. Could I have some of those tickets? I don't know what it's all about but I had and how about if I could have three? That to me was one of the most that was almost as bad as Ed from Pointin Beach. In fact, if I would have played my cards right, we could have put around holding given her a Jeff Moss's number. At home to call morning noon and night for more free tickets. The inside the entire line and Chris Moore's number. Please don't please mention all please mention get out of town travel. How many tickets did they give us? They gave us 10 tickets and he gave us a total of 16. So what's your big claim to find that you gave us six crappy tickets for this game tomorrow? Oh, he drove all the way down here to bring us the tickets. What we do? What up, puts? Thanks to get out of town travel who were the real life savers here today. Give us 10 pair for the game tomorrow night. What is Ed? Two more. Two more what? Oh, so in other words, you're holding back. You got to stay there in your briefcase. You probably got tickets up your ass. Yeah. Chris Moore's there. Yeah, Chris Moore would know. Fear we got his nose out of there. So what? What do we got now? We got six pair left. We just regained another pair. Two better. That lady might have actually gotten one or two there. If I didn't know we had the extra pair. Not could I have three. Oh, what a sweetheart. Could I have three? Oh, my god. See a Jeff. Get out of here. See at the game tomorrow night. If I'm real unlucky and your brother too. We have an open line and your mama. I'm the green line. 1-800-9-44. Could I have seven or eight of them because I have these people in for the holidays and they'd be so impressed if I could take them to a iced stick game? What is it? What did it call it? To that thing where they put those funny uniforms out with those heavy jack straps and those silly skates and they get all bundled up and then they have the fist fights on the ice. And when it could I have 20 or 30 pair. She is what this town is all about. I have one thing. Oh, and you know what I forgot to tell yesterday about Paris? People think that some people in this business are real original and everybody's always ripping them off. Okay. I have one of the most amazing scopes you have ever heard in your life. We're walking the streets of Paris on the second day we were there on Sunday which pretty deserted by the way. And thank God for that because who wants to see the French. There's a woman's clothing store. The name of the store hold on to your seat is Barbara and the last name is B-U-I. Barbara Buy. It took me like a half a second to blur it about Barbara Buy. How do you like that? I love it. Barbara Buy, stolen from the French. Shadowboy Howard. When you get a start stealing something from the frog's man, you know you're in deep doo doo. You can almost smell it. Hey! Anyway, it's 114. 1146 in W-I-O-D. 16 W-I-O-D. Approaching critical mass. Oh yeah, what times that mass? 1147 in W-I-O-D. I did not go to see the Vatican. I didn't go see the Pope. He was busy in Polarmo making deals with the mafia so he didn't have time for private audience. Here's my me on a purple line. Hello. Yes sir. Have you ever been to a general one? An Italy? No, I have not. What a toilet. I've had some of their salami. Is it bad? Oh God. How about that? How about Bologna? Never been there. What's wrong with general one? It's ruled dirty a lot of heroin addicts. Really? Yeah, by the train station like a shooting gallery in a little park. Nice. Well, make you feel like you're right at home. So you didn't see the game on something? No, I did not. You missed a needlemars fight. Yeah, I heard about that. He's really bouching up this kid. Yeah, I think I've seen God himself. Yeah. Yeah. Anybody get in a fight with Martin Mcsurely? No, I was looking for that, but it didn't happen. Yeah, I guess Paul lost finally smart enough a little bit. And I see they're playing him on the wing now. What's that all about? I don't know. Uh-huh. Neither today. How about a couple tickets? You're going to be there tomorrow? Of course. Did you give me tickets? Another Julio for hockey. Let's have an organization. Julio's for hockey. Maybe we can save this damn team. Sounds good. Okay, hang on. All right. What happened to him? He's did he get hung up on? I hope not. Purple line, grabbing fast. He sounds like he might be under the age of 100. Ask him if he's cute. Anyway, so 1148 at WIT. He's speaking to that by the way. Don't forget we got the pizza loft, the parent. He's one. Not too cute. He's not too cute. So about those tickets, Paul. So anyway, pizza loft tonight from six to nine o'clock, boy. It's going to be a long day for some of us. I'll tell you that six to nine o'clock tonight, but it's well worth it because we're raising money for center one. We'll have the best of Rick and suds, the best of Phil Henry, the best in the all t-shirts, CDs, cassettes, whatever to how we got. They will be there by the way. This isn't going to be like the way Rick and suds got stiffed on Saturday, which I or whatever day it was, which I feel really bad for them. But they ought to be used to what they've been here a long time. They ought to know about our promotions. But they they have been here long enough to remember that Benson's camera thing where we went out and had a sign paper plates because boy Kurt forgot to pick your cards for us to sign. We were signing the backs of paper plates that that fat rich had been eating off of. Well, I wouldn't be surprised picking up eating off of. I wouldn't be surprised if he shows up on the pizza lofting tonight for free food and guess who was on a plane with Sarah when she was either coming back or going up and he was going to New York to visit his son up there, fat rich. She was on a plane sat next to fat rich, which he looked like he got and squashed a little bit. So when we like I said pizza loft six tonight tonight and we want all the lovely people of that area to show up. We're not talking about women. Here's four louderdale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. You happen to hear about Wayne and his use car I heard that this morning coming in on the news. He's starting another new business. This man can never have enough. I've been asking that question for three years now. Wayne will he ever have enough. And obviously when I stick his ass in the grave. Yeah, and also it might give you some good material for like use car. Yeah, that would be a good one for bulk of Brian Wayne's use cars. And also the lightsaber, you know, when you were like, um, flaming fruits. Yeah, when you were like second on it before it's it's it's it's seem pretty good, you know, did it? It actually made me want to go and get a little candy in my mouth or something. Really. And Neil also will wait till the pizza loft tonight. We're going to be recording that session. It ought to be pretty interesting. Oh, my yeah. And I have a like my cousin is in from Brazil. Yeah. And by the way, I don't have any tickets for the soccer match. Yeah, okay. But incidentally, you, uh, you were the one who turned me on a hockey like about a year or two ago. Yeah. And I was calling Mike. You people are so shandest when you will gravel it anybody's feet just for a little free a hand out anything for a guy named milky waybar. I've got a true. Yeah, I'll bet you would. I would. What else would you do? Uh, well, the lightsaber. Yeah. And uh, what's up, my de- So what do you want? You want to? Yeah, I want to appreciate it. You're the kind of guy sounds like he needs a pair. I really do. Hang on. Hey. His cousin from Brazil, who's by way of say, O' Paulo, who's a drag queen, uh, is in here. Line four. Take care of that guy. Okay. See, we're giving all these high. And then interesting, though, when I started out before talking about how we need to talk to all of my norties, because there's no Anglo's left in town in the early we will survive is if we build this gigantic minority audience of geeks. And nothing. But now all of a sudden, I got tickets to give away. We got nothing but Julio's out there. That's all we got. And then one old bag. Could I please hand three? And she didn't even say please, by the way. Give me three tickets. God, damn it. Here is for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Here's one angle at once ago to the game. Really? Yeah, I do. And you also made my wife a big fan of the game. Ha ha ha ha. If I made so many fans, we ought to have standing remotely every game. We ought to have am standing from here all the way up to, uh, I also have a brand new jersey to show off. Oh, yeah. And I'd love to go to the game. I may be wrong, but I'm calling every time you can repair their tickets. I don't care about others, but panter ticket directly might. Yeah. I'd love to go. Have you ever paid to go to any game? Yes, I have, sir. You have? Yes, I have. Of course I have. What would you like to play? King King wants to throw it off you last time. Okay. I believe you. I'm easy. I bought the icebreaker package. I went, um, I got tickets. I already have tickets to last game of the year, the Rangers. Yeah. And I also have tickets to the red wings when they come to the town. Oh, Jesus. What's wrong with that? Nothing wrong with that should be pretty pretty exciting if you're like Russians. Well, that's that way. We're still getting first play. We'll still be in the league. We'll still be in town. Hopefully. Okay. Hang on Palacidum. Thanks, buddy. Line five. Take care of that guy. Okay. This should all be done in noon. What what do we got left now? It's all gone. You got four, three. What is that? We got three pair left? Jason. Speaking of Jason, do you know he still works here? How was sitting up here with him? Five, right? He was on five and you hung up on him. No, I did not hang up. He's on. W-Y-O-D. Yeah. I got to open him. This is not the same guy, right? That I was just talking to. No. Okay. Now you're gone. You're history. We got to open up that line and let that guy call back. I did not hang up with him. I put my fingers specifically in the right spot that he hung up. Bob, what are you hanging up? He ain't gonna hang up, but I'm gonna give him a free pair. Come on, Palacidum. You got to do it fast. Five, two, four. I don't think he was on five. See, you're like we got two different things going on here. We have a show and we got to show within the show. Is that him? W-Y-O-D. Hi, Neil. Is this you? Nobody else. Oh, two men. Five, two, four, nine, four. So well, we got to take care of that guy first. How do you know he was on five? Why are you so positive? He was on the spot. The only line that I don't have written on the menu here on the computer. Yeah. The line that you told me to go to. Yeah. Where I could get to it. It was flashing. But what the hell is that all about? W-Y-O-D. Oh, no, that didn't you. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. But hey, we can kill another two hours with this. All right. There's a method in my madness, Palacidum. It's hot in here, isn't it? It is just holding. Huh? That was okay. That was okay. Okay, you got him. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. Hey, by the way, while we're laying the label up again, don't forget the armored truck is going to be in just a few minutes. It's going to be a big daddy's plan against a 20-n-oats knot. It's going to be a plan against Barron Grill. How about if we cross off like the previous day on here, so we got some idea. Ah, boy, nice going. Plan against Barron Grill, 15, 15, Northwest, Lizoon Road, not La Jun Road. I cannot stand people who say, La Jun Road, okay? There are morons. They're Goyum. 15, 15, Northwest, Lizoon Road, and the best Western in Miami, noon to one this afternoon, as in surely. We can go over there and fill out the interblank and register in the kick you away with the Super Bowl contest courtesy of Miller Lighten Life is Good and W. I'll be. And then from five to six this afternoon, Plan against 15, 50 West 84th Street in Haia, Lia. Here's Boca, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, Brian? Okay, Belly. Hey, Riffin. I got to say something. I'm an entertainer. I play, you're always at the race track and I'm always playing the piano over across the street from the palm of your hotel for the, you know, huh, huh, huh, huh, man. I get all crazy. Oh, I have to tell you, I work every night and every morning playing the piano, so I never get an opportunity to visit the Kansas Five. When to the night, I've got a night off. Do you really, and I would absolutely, oh, geez. So I'm, please let me, yeah. We hate to, we need to be responsible for your losing your job and screw off to run. Come off to my mate. I've left it, but I love it. How just went man? How did you just happen to be off on the night when the panthers are playing the Philadelphia guy? I don't know. I don't know. Just fell into a bucket of crap, huh? You can come over there all the time and enjoy some music. I'll pass on that. Here's your guy who fell into a bucket of it. Hey, yeah, you just come out. All right, hold on before you talk your way out of him. All right, line seven. So whatever happened, that guy never called back. Oh, that guy's going to hate us like poison. I was your just fall foul. Whoever you are was your just fall. Just like that Edd and Bointen beats the drove all the way down here. That poor son of a bitch drove all the way down here. You know how far that is from Bointen beats down here to W. I would be in the middle of death row. drove all the way down here. Note tickets. What did he give him a crappy meal of pizza law? My God. It's been 200, not even a hundred, not even a good meal of pizza law to give one of those discount pizzas from like last week. Man, you talk about having no gratitude for a faithful audit and then he gives him Jeff Boss's home number so he can call him up and bug the hell out of him, which he has, by the way, several times, so good going to it. How now how so where does this leave it leave us? Where are we? This is not, this is not my idea of doing a talk show, by the way. This is not my idea of doing a radio show. This blows. Yeah, and every line every line is live and Phil Henry is losing it right on the air. My good friend Phil Henry, one of the great talents in the history of the medium is losing it right here before you rise because this radio station is going down the toilet and our program director is going around saying, hey, there's nobody here who speaks English. Like that's something new. That's a brand new thing that just started since he arrived on the scene, right? Here's the North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. All right. I think growing fan, big hockey, pen and job. Well, you should be pretty depressed. They saw. You know, I know. They blow. They stink. Bob, that Patriots beat up on the dolphin. I like that. That's great. I like the Patriots beat up on a bill the other day. It's going 22 points in the fourth quarter and 15 points in last minute and the half. I thought was pretty damn exciting. Even though I didn't see it. Yeah, Ben coach is finally catching up on the touchdown. Yep. And I'm led. So I don't know. You think they're going to chance to make the play? No. You don't think so? Well, if they won all their last four games, but it ain't going to happen. They're two inconsistent. Oh, I think no chance. They'll beat no on. Yeah. Maybe. Bob flow will definitely lose for the 49ers. Yeah. And Miami's definitely going to lose to Atlanta and Buffalo and Kansas City. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said, there's a chance. But anyways, um, listen, I've been to a hockey game down here. The Bruins last year. Yeah. And I know they're coming up this year. If I can't go tomorrow night, will you possibly begin pick it for the Bruins? Hey, the way things are going now will probably have tickets for games that aren't even on the schedule yet. We can't, I mean, you think we're going to sell out the Bruins game. We can't even sell out the flyers with their at Lindros. We can't sell out that game. Have you been to the fleet, Harriet? I've been born. No, I have not. I heard it's really beautiful. Yeah. I've been down all I know is I've seen a few of the Bruins games on TV and I see lots of empty seats. So they're selling the tickets, but there's a lot of people not showing up. They had their first non-cello for a selfie game. How do you like that? 13 years. What is that all about? I don't know. Did the selfie time go on back there? No, it's just going around, man. I'm telling you all those forces in big trouble. People aren't catching onto what it's in big trouble. Let me ask Edmonton Oilers, lowest they had like 9,000 people for a game this couple of days ago. The lowest attendance in the history of the franchise. Can I ask you to watch them? It's a cap's 8,900 people last week. Let me ask you something. Why? Why does why would Wayne Hesinger want to pull the pants off? I don't understand. Because he wants to make the 50 million from selling the team and he's losing his ass. That's why because all he cares about is the money. But if people will go to these games, but they're not. I don't know, it's going to get first place. But they're not going. Kind of loyalty to these people that. You're talking about Miami and loyalty. Check out the U.M. attendance bell. I don't know. I'm loyal to my team and, you know, I don't understand it. Oh yeah. Welcome to Miami, Phil. I thought you wanted to go to the Bronze Game. All right, hold on. All right. All right. All right. Lined to. Don't lose that. Good. The longer you listen, the bigger you're added to. Sixth and the whole U. I. O. D. Miami for Notre Dame. Mostly cloudy with a slight chance of showers high around 85, 79 right. Alex News update one o'clock. All right. Let's end that once. I'm Jennifer Ran, news talk and entertainment radio. Sixth and W. I. O. D. Hey. Friendship, howl manure. Hover is over. This performance by the Goldman. But the. New. I'm not just falling. Just tasteful. The dolphins are cursing. And man, it's disgraceful. Cause Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. So much. They're my fucking shit. I knew. But the words of love. They toss in the microphone. The tough button just can't seem to be left alone. And all of this is because they like saying. So much. We're. But they play football badly. Our And man it's disgraceful Disprying Cockstem The rest of them are singing He's like my f*** Lick on f*** Shut up you Yes they're saying Shut up my f*** Lick on f*** Shut up Tell them say he's like my f*** Lick on f*** Shut up you little little little little little little Shut up my f*** Lick on f*** Shut up you Shut up All right, did you uh Call about seven and tell me do we only got one pair of these damn hockey tickets to give away How do we get a milk bed for an hour and fifty four minutes huh? Not too easy baby But if anybody can do it Let's ask some really tough questions Now let's do trivia They like playing little games trivia Um, word association uh, spell this miss spell land That's what they're into now It's like fun and games mostly the games part And especially winning something on the other end Oh we got a certificate We got a six pack We got a four pack We got an OPEC The 787 were two will be at the borders in four Loderdale for their grand opening A 2240 East sunrise right next to the gallery in four Loderdale And the fill hungry is going to be there He'll probably be the crap out of most of you Because if you're in difference in uh, like an A's of latitude Rick and Suds are going to be there I'll be there one to three this Saturday December two four set or one 46,786 is the running total right now I have a feeling that after tonight it peats a lot And the next couple of days we're going to be right on at 50,000 mark Right according to her right on schedule Here's a mobile in Miami sure is hello How come that won't go on there are you on there? What did I do to it? I don't think the phone wants to put them on Wild here you are I'll trade you I'll give you a name of our place to pay and watch Vegas to go Love yeah, thank real pay I've already been there thanks We have an open line in the day 751 central pieceweets It's right on a harman avenue right across from the hard rock can't pay I know Vegas like to pop my hand baby But nice try how do you like that? Central pay sweets I stayed there two or three times It's a really nice place you have your little sweet little apartment You'd drive have your own parking spot right in front There's a nice convenient store on the corner there It's great. What more can you want? Write an accormative harman in paradise I know it well baby Don't start giving me a song to dance about next I'll be giving me instructions I'll wait as a good McDonald's in Rome okay? I'll wait to find a good trotterrea At the cafeteria At the cafeteria trotterrea in Halea Here's the lady in Miami. Hello You have what? Green Yeah, they're in Rome too So a brunicy child for my nose later Okay, handsome but not killers and some oxygen Yeah, yeah, but you're in put there in 230 which is basically I think Make court. Yeah, that can't be true. Uh-huh No, you think okay? Make court should be good. You'll be right near the basket Good. I don't know what it now. I'm not a real hot dog That's okay just to put your ass in the seat. We need lots of asses Yeah, most of the most of the people there know nothing about it either So you don't have to feel bad. They'll be asking you questions And I guess there's no sense of bringing a rat to that hallway Unless you got a good arm No, not a lot of people have some scouts there But I'm really looking forward to this. You know, it's just a first game No, we went to about five of them here I'm not being able to put it down. I'm not really off on it. You know, not like you You know, some of the guys. That's for sure, yeah But I really enjoy it. It's really fun to watch And basically I look forward to it And then I say the soul does your flowers really great. They're pretty exciting. Yes, they are So see you live keep your eye number 88 88. Okay, what's number is the You know, it's a year for For the Panthers 44 44.88. There you go. And if you really lucky 22, which is the next He won't be playing Kiddowski. So forget about him Okay, but 44 it's been a marriage pretty good. He's pretty good. Okay I'll be looking for 44.88 In 14, Stu Barnes 12 Jody Hall And 27 Scott Mellon being the rat. What is it? What is it? 27 What kind of snack it's been here? Like, imagine what it was before Where a jerk guy is a matchup on the day. Yeah, they do. They try to get certain lines against other lines. Yeah, the coaches try to do that as much as possible. You know, like, yeah. I'm somewhere to read up all the more of it. That's fantastic. Well, buy yourself a... You know what? You know what? Yeah. It's exciting. It's fun. It's really great. And when it comes to this time, you can find something you're citing and fun. You've got to, you've got to waste season. Hey, there you go. I mean, after the call, something. Exactly. Well, I'll see you there. I'll be there. Okay. Fine. Fine. Okay, so be there tonight right at Center Court. We have an open line in date 7519463. Of course, that's where you catch all the good t-shirts from the Panther Patrol is right there by the foul line. You can't get any fouler than the Panther Patrol. God, that those guys, you're right to do that pointing that, oh, God. And you're going back from one side to the other. Yeah, and we want the t-shirts. We want the freaking t-shirts. God, did it? Problem with its past noon at WIOD. Did you know you can buy a Miami Dolphins football helmet for only 9.99? Well, I guess the price and Dolphins a paraphernalia is going down. It's true though, but even has the official low... America folks. Okay. 12.18. Nothing I can do about it. Let's go to a sweetwater. Hello. Cooper City final. Yeah. Yeah. How are you doing? They suck. Yeah, I don't want to do the quarter of a bitch no less. Not a guy even, but I don't want to do the try to throw her way to round, try to show how much she is. Well, you know those, those high heels and roll the graph. That's probably it. I got a ticket for tomorrow, but I'm not always beware of a woman in a business suit and high heels. I mean, I mean, we got half a mile. I'm about to walk down the lake. That's unfortunate. We got half a mile. And we can't even throw the arena for that. Okay. Are you sure they're not selling out? They're not the huff. Well, they have lost to your four games, you know? They have a one every game. Well, I mean, you know, the thief's thief's up in the... I mean, it's all fair. Really? There's nothing that... Oh, you mean, you know? No, I have not because I know the first couple of games they were pretty close to selling. Pretty close, but they haven't sold out yet. I know that the King's game was the first dollar for the Panthers. I'm talking about the heat. Well, you know, I understand that heat hasn't sold out for yet. They're not going to sell it. That's really? Unless maybe the bulls are a lander for the... Unbelievable. They're not going to sell it. Wow. And they wonder why Wayne wants to pick up even as much of a scumbag as he is. They wonder why he wants to pick up and get out of here while he's still, you know, it's sold out. Yeah. It still has the last 900 million. And another thing that brought me is the football game. You know, the networks have to buy like the last 1000. They're the last 500. I mean, you hear that in the tape, they're repritant. I mean, this is just... Welcome to Miami, sir. Go Panther and the... Okay. All right. Bye. I told you we could milk that last pair for hours and hours. Probably to the middle of the Phil Henry show. Poor. We have an open line in Dave 7519463751Wb. See, the sad part of it is, is if this town loses any of its sports franchise, which for a long time always had lose the dolphins. But if they should lose any of the other three franchises, it takes a major part. I mean, we still have the Parachungal. We still have the secretion. In fact, the Parachungal is expanded on to, well, Watson Island now, haven't he? And there's something to do it over there. We got the monkey job, we got the... uh... uh... Viscaya. We got... um... what do we got? Metrosu. Metrosu. What's his name down there, Duna, with the animals? And that's it. And we all wouldn't have anything about Brian Norcross. Did I toss that thing? Somebody said, the tripping about Brian Norcross, who now says he may have going to news. He wants to be an anchor. Like on the Queen Mary, they're just going to drop his ass overboard. I think they're going to be in for a big surprise because an anchor can't float. But anyway, Brian, it was a Tom Zickah column by the way, and Tom just Licked and Licked and Licked and Licked and Hedito. And you talk about playing favorites. You talk about sucking around and building him up again about the brilliant job he did during Hurricane Andrew. And how the entire country was there like, uh, unbended knee and all the other crap. God, Almighty Jepha, you are just... It's just amazing. It's just astonishing the kind of the characters we got in this town. The cast of characters. But Maurice for Ray and Joe Carroy, or they're shaking hands. So it goes to show your birds of a feather's sucked together. You know what I'm saying? Hey! Yeah. 1221 at W.Y.O.G. Enjoy the best of racing has to offer. Message. I'm not such a priest. Like, uh, how about a little piece of your tongue, I go and buy one. I can, I go and buy one. Walk all the same. Christmas is a town of wood. Time of joy. It's time for love and... And I share with love. That's where they slice that feature, you got there. Like, a little more. No, where, where, where... Oh, yeah, Christmas. Their Christmas to me means family. Your family means friends, your friends means getting together. And getting to get a means. Eating. While passing that throne's big, which is why you're flanking. Like, and I'm going to pay for that. Nothing or a slate at it right now. You know, I may be a big star. I may be too big. But I know about it so big, big. He can't reach out to help in hand. I don't know how to help in my hand. Well, would you hand me a helping those tomatoes over there with the police? Why do you? Why do you? No, I was playing with them. Nobody's a big. He can't. Stupid help a friend in the needle with a holiday season. I speak to the season. You won't pass me that self-serger and you give it to him. Yeah, just don't screw the color. That's right. So this Christmas, why don't you all take a trip from old A.O.L.S. Now, I'll leave those thick, thick, white white. You know what I mean? You know, I appreciate it, thank you. I want you to remember, for all part of God's great big family. And you know God made men and do his own image. Look at the mirror. I'd have to say God must be a big, big, cynical girl. You know what I mean? I like you to do it. But I especially want you all to remember this one last spring. And you're all the homeers' business. Spurring that popcorn up on the tree. Save a big, big bowl for the king. Extra butter, no more money. I like you to do it. Okay. I can't remember what you did. 1229 at W.Y.O.D. Man, look at that phone. It's just bursting at the scenes, baby. Every line on there is ringing like religiously like with important like with urgency like there's that one last pair. Look at the way I've milked this for already a half an hour. And guess what you ain't seen, nothing yet. Okay, just name me 14 dead game show host and you got the pair. Okay. Bill Colon doesn't count Alan Lodden doesn't count. Bert Conbied doesn't count. But Conbied doesn't count. Yeree Moore doesn't count. Come on. Dead game show host. Our Fleming, nobody told him yet. Any others? And you didn't even know who Bert Conbied was. That to me was shocking. That though, that's unimpressed for you. The only game show host I can name is Wink Martin Day. We're part and they also dead. He doesn't know what you had either. His teeth are still alive. The rest of him dead. How about Jack Perry? There's another one I go in the on getting pretty close to winning that pair of tickets. How many of them up to now? About six or seven. Only seven to go. Come on. You can do it. Jack Perry, he's dead. How about Sonny Fox, the one from the $64,000 challenge. One of the shows that was picked. He's dead. Not the one from Manchin. How about Hal March, $64,000 question before you were born. He's dead. Up to nine or ten now. Getting pretty warm. I can smell those tickets. Hey. Yeah. You can smell them. I don't want to say where they've been. You can smell them, man. Okay. Let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. You can eat the lubricated. It may be. Yeah. The job. Yeah. Now put a straw in there and I'll work first. Yeah. In. After they do that, maybe they can flush it. Uh-huh. And then when they flush them, they can work after they pose a pose up. Okay. And then maybe you can get to the job place. Okay. And that's that it. Alright. There's the first good call. We had to hit him on no tickets. We had an open line in Broward 5249463. What did he say? Hey. That's what I thought he said. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey. I do a name. Okay. What the hell is that guy talking about? I don't know, but I like it. Hey. I'm a now the cocky fan too. And I'm up here. I've seen a couple of barracoodles game on the show. Yeah. Well, we don't want to. We don't want to disappoint you. Why is the minor league team just going so much higher than the professional team? I look at this course. They're like always eight to six. Well, because they play more wide open. They don't play as much defense. They're not as much hitting. There's the, you know, it's just not on the same skill. I know if they don't have the pocket welder like when on a fast break or whatever they can. And they don't have the gold tender. That's true. It's important to keep you going. Although Chris Joseph is playing for Las Vegas. Really? Yeah. How do you like that? That's good. The barracooders that are with a blaze lasted. They won two straight sunshine hockey league titles. Great. Go barracooders. They're not leaving town. That's great. Not just like any chance you see in the big boys' front. No chance. Okay. We have an open line on the green line. 1,800 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 1, 800. See, he took it easy. He wasn't pissed off. He wasn't sure. He just said, is there any chance that I said no. It's okay. I can handle it. I can relate to it. We got the barracooders. Who needs your goddamn uh uh grants? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Dale. Yes sir. How about grab Joe Mark? He's right. That's right. You bet your life. Very good. Right. Browse marks is good. Anybody else? How many do I need for the ticket? Three more. Three more. Yeah. Uh. Nope. How about just a quarter of a ticket? How about a third? How about a third? I'll send you one in the mail. So your mailman. Hey. Don't just sniff that mail. We have an open line in Broward 5249463524. You're most of the getting a how about the John Charles Daily? What's my line? You never saw that, Sean. See, unless you got the game show channel, which I've hung things up recently. Yeah. I think he'll gallon she's dead. Arlene Francis, he might as well be. Then it's her if he's long dead. What's the show that Henry Morgan used to be on? To tell the truth? You know, you punts what you know about life. Okay. What do you know? You know like friends. Do you think that's a show? Yeah. No, no. What's that? What's the old radio show? Henry Morgan with it. What was it? I don't remember that. Oh. Well, that's great. I think can you top this. We're already a show that he might have been in with Benitzer. And somebody, a Kaufman, I can't think of what Kaufman's first name was. Abe Kaufman, the old Jewish comedian. Lots of old, okay. How about dead Jewish comedian, Jackie Leonard? Edwin? Conquer my dead old Jewish comedians. Edwin? Edwin? Any canter? Yeah, any Bruce? Any Bruce? Lenny Bruce? Not old enough in that Jewish enough? See, Lenny Bruce. That's just, you're just in a time-or. Yes? Exactly. Old dead Jewish comedians. Milton Burl and George Burrans getting close. Jackie Mason. Jackie Mason getting real close. What about the guy that was up in the four-later now? I'll tell him he wasn't Jewish. The guy that we can't, can't ever think of his name. At the cheap motel up there in four-lateria, he's been doing that routine for years for about a hundred years. What is it? I'm just kidding. My and you rock. Yeah, my and he rocked the turd. My and he rocked the turd. He might as well be. He probably will be soon. Here's a mobile at home stand. Hello. I'm in a walk, man. It has Jack Denny. Time and rock. Yeah. There you go. Uh-huh. And then see if you want it. Get out of here, study. We have an open line at Broward 5249463524. I think we pulled off a major miracle. Here it's already 1235 and time for the next break. And we are milking this baby man. It's just incredible. If the farmers of America could milk their cows like this, we'd be drinking it like it would be like a dime a gallon. Okay, now what do we got on the I'm going to hold you there. We got this a quent and whatever this peach thing would have blonde, which is a really see it's another straw way today. Not a good stuff. 1235 at Wild, you're used to be mighty good station. We got that one big pair hanging on there. And luckily we got a lot of people who want to just talk to worship. Make a lot of good old sounds on here, which is good. We like that a lot. Here's dear field. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing? Okay. Good to speak with you actually. You know, you mentioned cadaltis and back in basalmons and real estate coming upon this season. We've got to place them. Yeah. And over the past few days, I really about to say one of my contract on my 10th. Is he still going to pay the rent? I doubt him. I don't think so either. First he's got a paper to teeth. You know, it's been always the number one expensive these hockey guys is paying for teeth. Well, I can appreciate that. I've had a couple of bucks on my throat. You know, once or twice. And what ever you know, how long are we going to work with the weekends? I mean, you know, new to the wind vacation. And you get paid. Which is great. I mean, I'm not they suck. Anything that doesn't interest take, I mean, Ma'am. Yeah, like I said, they're pretty good. It's a good. And the weekend, whether they do want to weekend, beside the usual truck. How long it's all trash I turn off. I mean, I've got this now and some of them are the weekends. Well, I think that explains it. Now that sums it up. The last time I did rock. Yeah. Was one of the nights. It's way one of the stuff you pull. That is way one. Yeah. Is there any way you can help now? Okay, 14 dead Jewish comedians. You got 20 seconds. Can I pack the deer? Huh? Try it back to deer. 15 seconds. Uh, let's take a moment of the picture. Please help. Yeah. I don't call you and I don't ever ask you for anything in the world. Five. Neil, how's the cavity? See the camera? I'll come do it. Two. Oh, sorry. I lost track. We have an open line in Broward's five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. W I would do. See what I want to hear about the old Madison Square Garden because that's old stuff. Like Edwin and Eddie Cannon. Nobody cares about that. Let's talk about somebody more contemporary like Gary Bruce. Yeah. I see Paul. Yeah. See Paul is on here with this bitch boy. Are you all going to hurt him? How disappointing? I guess we're going to go into a long, stalemate. Now while a jury continues to deliberate, even the OJ jury didn't deliberate this long. Isn't that the way it works when they have sex? They don't come back to them for like a month. Is that what it is? Is that the formula? Yeah. He takes a long time to a build up again. Here's a hell of deal. Hello. That's what Matt said. Pretty good. Welcome back. Yeah. I'm going to tell you the old just wanted to say the idea I can't believe that you have to give away hockey tickets. To get out, to get a call. To get one to get any calls. That's right. I'm going to go by the way. And I'll put it up. Yeah. Late Jewish comedian. Yeah. One of the favorites. My run calling. My run calling there. But I really like real dead. Yeah. What do you think tomorrow night? Who's son is? My run calling? His son is. My run calling. No. You're great. See you learn something on this. You already said this when Joel Grey's older than Do you like that? She said you're a well-puff information. Yeah. Hey Neil. I heard you say yesterday in regards to the pamper that they're playing a buffet level. Yes. They wanted the better skating hockey court. That's the thing. Yeah. I still think they were playing a buzzer ability. I don't know if you're with anybody. He says I'm going to get static. They're doing great. And I love him. But you know, they're not this good. But you know, with a coach like this, they've got a mind fire and as long as they go out there and keep believe it in themselves, they'll do it. Tomorrow night will be a good chat. Yeah. Well, it'll be great. I just wanted to welcome you back. And I'll see you there. I hope so. Okay. Five nine. Yeah. They got plenty of tickets going down and buy some. We have an open line of Broward 524 Voyage is just steamy hot in here must be me. Why isn't noting your head like it's cold in here, something it's not cold. It's boiling. Of course, the fact that my air conditioning at the house went out to yesterday, that might have something to do with it. There's nothing like being a sea in Florida. That's one good thing. What's 80 doing that they can to get down like 65 at night. So you're like boiling during the day and then freezing your rash off the night. Kind of like a good combination. And even itself out. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? How you doing? Oh, not good. Not good. No, I have a little problem. What's that? See, I'm a big camper fan. Total all out. And I'm usually at almost every game I can pay. But I wouldn't have well said. Mm-hmm. And I went ahead and got my tickets. Yeah. I came out of a network. And somebody stole them. Like those Louise Miguel tickets. No, my whole car was broke through everything with gone out of my car, including the ticket. I had a book. Oh, my gosh. I had to get my club on everything in my car with stolen. Damn it. I got to take a certificate by counting for a second. Yeah. And his mother's dying of emphasis. No. And she's in a coma. No. In intensive care. No. George has got his crying towel right now. He's wiping it. And his push too. So, is one on your shirt anyway? I will do anything. I will give you anything. If you take it, then I have. Yeah. Absolutely anything. How about your fiance? Done. Yeah. Done, deal. How old is he? 27. Tool. Okay. We have an open line in the green line. 1-800-944 just over the limit. Two. 25 is always my limit. Let's go to Miami on a Broward line. Hello. Yeah. I mean, listen. You made a little mistake when you said that don't mean. What was a firing coin shot? He is. He was making taxes. Done. Oh, Mickey can't. That's right. Mickey can't say he's to play his record Johnny or Sarah Soda and his people off all your old Jews used to get psychotic. I love Mickey can't. Miron Cohn. I don't even like Miron Cohn. He wasn't funny. Thank God. I didn't give that guy anything. You didn't want anything. Well, I just wanted to. That's the record straight. But I was close. Absolutely. Thanks. Right. See you. Next thing is going to be Tommy that lies in Manelli 8th of Barbara Strasain's daughter. Let's play some Judy Garland tunes. Come on. We have no we don't. We don't got no open lines. Because I'm stressing it out. Maybe I never thought I could do this. I still have got it then. And if it was war if it was cool enough here for me to be able to breathe. Maybe it's just in here now. Maybe it's made. Why have a fever? I think I better go home and take a couple of weeks off. So the callers come back. So I didn't hear the part of Phil Henry shown. I heard the first part Phil was doing the spelling thing where he's making words up again and these four bastards were trying to sell. Spellum and he was giving stuff away. Which is kind of similar to what we're doing here today. Which is the grading and the humanizing. But hey, you do what you got to do. But evidently later on, he like what were they saying? He lost it completely. Was doing like just making guttural sound. He was what? Word association. Idea. Which means what? Are you sure? Here's a mobile and bointin be. Tell him. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Uh, you were talking about that old comedian in Port Barrio. What is with there? Yes. What do you want Barry? They named us so fast. But he kept dropping it. What? Boy, there was a guy. Of course he wasn't Jewish but thank God for that. What is the beach club or something down on the beach? They call that place down? No, that wasn't that. I don't think that was the name of it. But he was at the same boat. Flea bag hotel for like. Don't. Don't. On federal. I think he's over. Don't. He still alive. They will take him. What he would be a still alive? Well, they got him a fun on the whole. And on the next thing, they'll be bringing back cubby boots. He's over. Dante's now I work over five. Now I see his name on the billboard. So he must go be alive. I thought Dante's was an Italian restaurant. Yeah, but I got to see maybe he's a can of bars. He was a can of bars that hotel on the beach. Maybe he's doing his big Wilson on. Boy, I like the big. I got so on it. Look what it did for Briggs. There you go. Okay. Thanks. Have a good. See ya. What he would Barry? And the name of the hotel was the Fort Lauderdale. Was it the new port? He was there since before mother Mary was a baby. I'll tell you that. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. That's it. Very funny. I was driving in for more land though. Yeah. Like to tell him more land of solar bear hockey team. I was trying to call you to get tickets. And when I got to the arena, I bought a ticket for myself. Dialog again. And I got through. But I already got to tickets. All right. That's crazy. 55. 55 dollars. I'm sitting lower bowls section 104. Role five or. I don't think it's 55. I think it is. It's in front of a 55 hours. He said everything in the lower bowl is 55. Except the right by the glass. 45. I don't know. I just say 55. I got the ticket. But I actually don't. I've stuck up for anything. And I have a Louis Miguel by report. Guys, getting married. So. Get rid of me. Get rid of me. I'm crazy. Get rid of me. Got rid of you. Just be honest. But upon you. Think this is it? Yeah. You know is 토�ty? You know, it's supposed for Sunday is at night and it's over. What's the thing? Come on.Close your ticket. I sure say then you're going to limit pressure in the middle. But at least I bought a hockey ticket, you know, and I go back to the 16 league when that was real hard. That's when it was real all these punks today. If the only new one sports was really sport. They probably had a suspension, all this dilution, all these re-assels man. That's when it was fun. That's right. Yeah. The worst thing would lose every night of course, but they would lose five to three to three. They still had great players. Exactly. It was a solid fight. The level of intensity was it was on parallel, but you had the home in the home. There is, we're going, you know, had crazy rivalry. You know, the range of fanels can seem Montreal, every Saturday and Sunday Saturday and Montreal, Sunday and New York, we just insane. Hockey is great, but I'll tell you one thing, you have to buy in this ticket that I'm not a forker. And then the 55 just for myself, I'm down here in business. There's something really wrong. I just took my family and sort of finally came up and they were laying on it the best I can do. But that in great seats, you know, 18 bucks, 54 for the free of us. And, you know, I wonder what to do this, but I don't know, a frequent basis for my family. You know, 55 of tickets. Right. People don't realize. Maybe they price themselves out of, uh, they don't exist. Exactly. You're right. You know, people don't realize when they think who contracts and they, they are there, they're lunatics. I'm not going to go to the game. They don't realize that it costs them in no matter every basket of their existence. The advertising dollars have to go up. The products that advertise go up. Yep. So all of this crap, they're with Hillhamon. Exactly. That's great guys, but I'm glad I do. I do have these tickets. That's what I'm saying. Well, I'll see you there, pal. Oh, my guy. We're real guy. Okay. Good talking to you. See you tomorrow. Thank you. Good morning. We have an open line on the purple line. It was good. He killed a lot of good time. And I mean, he bought you this. 18T wireless line is open. Pound I would be picking up and give it a shot. Okay. And ever know, we're going to milk this for another hour and 10 minutes. Ha ha ha. Always like that. You have Moss. I'll tell you. Actually, screw him that, uh, whatever. Get out of town travel. That's a good guy. Those are the good guy. I'm over there. I get out of town travel. That's a play 10 of the tickets. They weigh five here. They're the ones who come up with a good stuff. And a reason being that they couldn't give away for a lot of money. Either. How do you like that? Boy, there is something very strange. You see, when you don't have knowledgeable people. This is a big part of the problem. And I'm going to say it again. I don't want to dwell on this. I think there are basically a core of about nine or 10,000 fans. Hockey fans in this town. Period. Period. Those nine or 10,000 people know the game. They know who the players are. They know when they see a good game. They know when they see a great save by the gully. When they see a great play by one of the like, uh, that game where they have against the Leafs were, uh, new to my runes. Both had those two incredible goals. They know when they see something phenomenal. Because they understand the game. And they know when the referee gives the penalty sign, you know, what the penalties are, what they're called, what they're for. They understand again. The rest of the people are just there because they find it exciting. And their lives are dull. And so they discovered there. Something actually good going on that it's enjoyable. But they're even not sure why they know a little or nothing about it. And they go there and hopes to win something for free. And that's the sad part because that's the other four or five thousand people who might actually show up. 1251 a Wio did. There's a perfect gift for the person who's got everything for this holiday season. In fact, maybe the perfect gift you want to give yourself. What's wrong with that? A unique mailbox first. The chief. I don't know. He was good though. He was good. He was in some other movie. Not that long ago, wasn't it? The chief. And then there was always a freighto who was the Indian. Wasn't he an Indian in that role in the movie with an alpha, you know? Was he? Wasn't he an Indian? He just had long split hair. He looked like an Indian. One thing it was not the was gay. Remember that he was very upset because they said that two gay guys were holding a host in the bank. What was the name of that movie? Dogged after him. Dogged after him. Very good. That is the movie where allegedly. And I did see that again not too long ago, or allegedly the first time ever it was said. I'm dying of a hair. But I don't I'd never saw Al Pacino say that. He was waving the white hanky. He was going to add a guy. Add a guy in on the hair. Maybe he said that. And then of course his wife showed up that queen. Here is a bokeh. Hello. They deal. How are you? Okay. Well, uh, Jean Barry for a dead talk show host from Batch game. Jack Barry. No, Jean Barry. No, Jack Barry. No, Jean Barry. The guy that's with a. Oh, man. He's not dead. He's not dead. He's not dead. He. No, he should be. But he's not. I like Jean. Maybe he was good. Yeah, I thought those were stupid. Yeah. Pretty car. He was on match came. Oh, he was on. Kitty Carlisle was on to tell the true rate with Gary Moore. And don't call him. No. Yeah, on the panel. And Batchie a Palmer. Batchie Palmer's dead. I don't know her. But you just Batchie Palmer. She was in the first Friday to 13th. She played Jason's mother. Oh, you're right. Batchie Palmer. She was my true then all the guys on the show. That's true. How about JP Morgan? Is she dead or alive? She was on Gonsho. Right. I was in the war broth. Right. And well, she was a diek. And they also had Rippa. What was his name? Not Rippa torn. Rippa would a big mustache that silly queen. Rippa Taylor. Rippa. Right. All the glitter. Right. The queen show was really like the queen show. They always had a bunch of queens on their Charles Nelson Rally and Rippa Taylor and JP Morgan had a diek son there. But anyway, yeah, that's a good. That's also a good new category. Open up his dead panelists. We ran out of host for panelists, man. There's Zillions of them. Well, I'm literally panther to take a spot. But I heard Craig McPab that should come to be wearing a helmet because he's scared of a head jumping out. First time ever. He's not going to be wearing a helmet. I thought the wax, uh, water came when they came into town. Yeah. The fire was very flat outside of the McCab. And also, in the rain game. Also, Lindras didn't play that. No, that's true. But they took overall the week in the doom line. You know, the rest of the cars were just flat. Yeah. It's going to be a game tomorrow night. I'm going to go now. They've been coming on strongly, man. They're really dangerous. Yeah. They're playing up to their ability now. And at Dan Hanks doll is back. I don't know what kind of vitamins he's taken. But he's playing pretty good lately. I don't know what his story is. Yeah. I was probably in fact Hanks called it in play against the answers. Well, because I was hoping so many times. Back in. And what came was when then these were caught in a fight. That was a buffalo game, right? Were you there for that? Did when they then these were caught in a fight with I think may from a... No. Buffalo. That was awesome. Awesome. Like, guys flashed, then these broke. He flashed him back. All of a sudden they're gloves are dropped. You know, and he took his mask off. And a wife, he's here. Yeah, he's tough. Thanks a lot of balls for him to take that mask off. I would have kept it on. All in closing, Joe Mendosa, your dude's back. Okay. Hang in there. We have an open line. Did we miss the Buffalo game too? I don't think so. Could I possibly miss it's possible? We have an open line, yes I did. In two of my degree lines, see the green lines went dead because that's the way they usually are. 114 at WIOD. How here in the old West, used to have a say. And the last one's a man could shove. Finish up a good day's word with a can of swans and his beans. I eat a whole can of them. Then I listened to a Phil Henry 26 in the afternoon. WIOD, even before the radio was invented, it's 1843. Still Henry 26. I'm on use talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Oh, Neil, my queen. God. We need a leader who will get us back on track. Maybe it's time we had just resisted his blast. Oh, man. I feel him on TV just up and it's so close. I heard his writing made my just be a game girl. John, great. His name is Colin Holt. He happens to be black. The latest cold scene is the leader of the past. Some folks used to close their mind and say they're in a way. But the time they changed knows our next one to the game. Look, my- One 18 is WIOD. He's history, baby. He is history. He-he-he-oh, why is that? What he did? Even Luke yesterday, why is that? I'm going to lose anyways and everybody hates me like poison. So I don't think I'm going to do it. Thank God. Here's-and by the way Bob Duel's got no chance of winning that election. You do understand that, don't you? Bubba's in. They might as well look at the avoid tomorrow. It's all over. All these polls is speech about Bosnian. They like it. They don't like it. It's all over. Bob Duel couldn't get elected dog catcher. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Let's try a little sports trivia here. Unfortunately, I think if he gained that last hit, it tickets away. All your sports, the easiest to go on. Are they? But let's try it anyways. I got a roommate that tells me that the pronunciation of Jim McMan's name is Jim McMan. And I say it's Jim McMan and we got a hundred dollar bet and we want to try to get this straight down. Will you help us? The only asshole that pronounces his name McMan is Ed McMan. So what does the McMan hand or McMan? McMan. I told you when he loses. He's an asshole. Yeah, I know that. Tom do what? Yeah, I'm a new listener and a first time call. Hallelujah. Thanks, guys. Thank you, Lord. And when you get some flyers, broins tickets, then I'll go ahead and give you another call. Flyers, broins tickets. Me, Panthers, broins. No, flyers, broins. I'm an old day, so it's fair. Okay. All right. Thanks. We're working on it for your pound. We'll see you in public. Fiona, George Washington Bridge. That's a wrong city. See you at a Ben Franklin Bridge. For something like that. See you on a school killer, Expressway. We have an open line in Broward 5249463-524WioD. Here's a Palm Beach on a purple line. Hello. Yes, sir. We remind you and your audience about plants again. They also denied our aircraft fly over the air. We bomb levee. That is absolutely correct, sir. And we could never forget that. And I never met a terrorist they didn't like. Exactly. Going back to hockey, I have a friend of mine who's down for Pittsburgh. I'm interested in a getting a copy of a McPyke-Wiang. And also hoping you can play it some time today. Of the Mike Lane card, I got like 8,000. Well, I don't know. The one I've heard is about four or five minutes. I'm not even about maybe three minutes walk. Has all this depth. Yeah, I've done. You mean when I'm playing cello, I'm back to Ben. I guess that's it. I might be. I might do that. Would you do that? Just a pissed off Jeff Rimmer. I might do that. And also, what the chance to be getting copy of that? A copy of one. Of that other's card. If I may I want to take or do anything. Oh, Charlie, I'll let you George up. We'll put them all on you. Okay, I just need you to draft. W-Y-D-M-I-M-E-3-3-1-4-1. Alright. Just put attention George, Santa McCusett, and I'll take care of it. Hi, pretty kids there. Okay, pal. Thank you, I see ya. There's a Penguin fan. Pengwids are playing Ottawa at the Civic Arena. The igloo in Pittsburgh night that game will be on KBL if you got the small dish. Will not be blacked out. Some of us there will be at the pizza loft. Damn it. I mean, some of us are looking forward to being at the loft tonight. Hey, listen, you can't see every guy damn hockey game. Now, Jeff Cohen would pony up a little bit if pony tail would pony up and put the small dish up there, which you can easily do. We could be getting a great picture and watching the Penguin game right in the middle of that sign on all those stupid pictures. Wouldn't that be great, huh? I'd like it. Oh, no chance. 122 at W-Y-O-D, you need cash for the holidays that you need fast auto loans. Pronto. As they say in Italy when they pick up the phone. Pronto. But remember, there's only one fast auto loans. They're your solution when you need cash fast. By the way, who's going to teach me a tagging? Have we got anybody as Mark Tidino going to teach me a tagging? Give me private lessons? If you have free and third title to your car, fast auto loans can put 2,500 bucks in your pocket today. I put 2,500 marks pocket. Don't be fooled by the imitative mind of paying way too much interest. Fast auto loans is not a pawn shop. There's no balloon payment. And you don't sign over your title. Fast auto loan simply has a lean on your title. You still drive the car, you get the cash. That's the way it's always worked. That's the way it works right now. You can't beat it. No embarrassing credit checks, no lengthy approval process. No bull crap to go through. All right now for instead approval and the cash will be in your hands within 24 hours. Call 1-899-10. Fast 1-800-910-FAS-T. Fast auto loans is fully licensed by the Ford and Department of Finance. They participate in BBB. Here's what's that. It's a program administered by the Better Business Bureau of South Florida. So get your cash fast for the holidays from fast auto loans. Three convenient locations in aid and Broward and Palm Beach soon to be for, by the way. Call them today and get some money in your hand. Call 1-800-910-FAS-1-800-910-FAS-899-FAS-T. PToday's video.