Sister Mary Catherine, please. All right, Scott David St. Scott, like for one. Alex Bennett, Steve Kane, Nick, Lauren Scott and shape in Mike. Gloris Scott, Schwartz, Herman and Ming Ming. Oh, Gail Brite, Coleman Chandler, Sammy B. Bowie Bowers and Gwen Wilde, Steve St. Don't forget Bill White. Hey! Cherima Honey, Johnny Dolan, A.O.E. Next, the name is Goville and Hummus Dan, Major Darcy McIntyre. The prize-variant Larry Fartor, Connie Furt, Sharon Furtz, is Joan Head, Sisters, please go and look fair of park. Oh, we can't forget the people. Though we tried to hide them and forget We knew them, they used to work beside us. Even though this time they did us moves our minds, And we bear a wick, Alpant and Dean Gary Busch, Jeff Clark, Johnny Darken, Joseph Gackie, Hank Goldberg McGream, Marvin Roman, We're these Stephanie Lewis Quinn and Wigs come for get-me-tween. These are all the people. Who are still here working and new still working? We are all just people. We are out there giving just to make a living. I wouldn't like to experiment with it. Let's have a die. And we're out there giving just to make a living. Yes I am. 12.06 in WID. Hope you appreciate that. Palah had a little high in low and there was Red and the goddamn computer. We have an open line of Broward 5249463. Now they're showing them an end-to-is brothers. We're getting all ready again. Of course we know they've done it because they said we've done it. But now it's well we got this hot shot pitch attorney. And we just remembered we were molested as children. And we were afraid for our lives. It was self-defense. It was self-defense. They were going to kill us. Right. But we sure enjoyed that portion that we went out and bought. And those Rolex watches and all the other fancy good stuff. And that's how we were able to get all the money to buy this fancy lawyer. That's how we're still alive. Open line and Broward 5249463. Two on a green lines which are out of business. Out of work. And out of now wait till you hear this. I don't want to get back out of that topic again. You need the unmatched noble. But in this whole article in this pages. It's a darkened signs with an agent to write and lecture. Okay, that's great. But next to it in the article about the NBC interview and all the protest and all the phone calls. There is one paragraph that is, This is the epitome of what it's all about. Simpsons contact was NBC West Coast president Don O'Mire. That's the contact that helps set up this thing tonight. O'Mire a long time friend. O'Mire visited Simpsons at in jail and championed the ex football players cause. Just prior to the start of the trial, O'Mire told TV writers that not only would O'J.B. found not guilty, but that he is innocent of the crimes. End of quote. I rest my case guilty. Both of them. Fry both the rest. So you see they got this incestuous relationship going on there. That's why he winds up on NBC for free tonight. And that's why you know it's going to be a puff piece, baby. Here's a mobile info. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. I know I'm in a minority. I'm a white 47 year old male who has my doubts about his guilt. Yeah. However, having said that. Yeah. If you want to give creditability to tonight's chief. Yeah. And set a Katie Carrack and Tom Broke call. They should have Marsha Clark and Chris Barton to the question. Okay. Two open lines at Broward 5249463-524WIOD. Let's go to Miami on a purple line. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Two things. One of them. One I thought about a while ago. But yesterday that the religion, the dog personality call was the greatest call of all time. Thank God was a bozo. I mean, he really believes in it. And then that's good. He should believe what he wants. But he doesn't believe dogs have personality. And the sad part of it is he says he's got dogs. Yeah, it's crazy. That's the worst part. But this guy that just called about the about not buying food at the stadium. Yeah. I think he thinks this is some kind of protest. Why the heck does he have tickets? I mean, he writes a check for $5,000 a year for four tickets to take his kids to the park. And they're not going to spend the 10 bucks to buy the food, right? I just think he's cheap. I don't think he's protesting. Or maybe he's getting too much indigestion from the crappy fooder song. That's possible. Unbelievable. Yep. All right, Neil, you're God. And have a great life. Yeah. Open line on a purple line. Pond IoT. Yeah, that guy yesterday that called see, that's why I love. I love those discussions on religion because everyone that calls into defend the indefensible, they make total jackasses out of themselves. Well, yeah, he's a dog lover. But dogs don't have any personality. And dogs don't have any feelings. Everything they do is instinctive. That's right. So when the dog sees you come home from work and he's wagging his tail and jump up and down. And, uh, and slobbering all over your face and looking you all over to push. That's because he's not really happy to see a he's just doing it because he's conditioned to do it. Well, who taught him to do that? Who taught him to do that? Was there somebody inside the house the first time you left the house? And they said to the dog, oh, here's Schmandrick is on me better go there. And uh, here's what you do. You jump up and down and look him all over the face. Right. Or like if you let you let the dog get off the sofa, you jackass. And he gives you that wounded looking his eyebrows going a certain way. And like he goes into the corner and sucks. He's not really hurt his feelings. He just does that instinctively. Only human beings have feelings, baby. And you're killing mine with your Stone Age bull crap. With your god bull crap. With your Jesus and Moses all of it. I'm not picking anyone. I'm telling you all of it. It's equal opportunity bull crap. But it's a lot easier there to spew all that bull crap than this to grab the bull by the horns and say, Hey, we're going to eliminate all these horrendous things that are going on. And we're going to start acting like civilized people now. We don't want to do that. God will take care of it. This is his plan. Some plan, baby. Boy, nice screenplay. 16 WIOD said your pageure to vibrate. Oh, Neil, my queen. God. Welcome to Bible Stories. Today Jesus plays baseball. You're betting number six. The Prince of Darkness that div out himself. Well, the thing steps up to the plate. He's betting six, six, six, six. Why not bad the bitch? Oh, it's 100 rubble of the Jesus. The short soft wall right to his hands. Here comes angels, better drown the dugout. He looks really steamed. I think he's going to pull Jesus out of the gate. Jesus Christ, can't you kick the ball. Join us next week. Has Jesus tries out for the handball team. At the ground. And socus. 1215 at WIOD. So anyway, don't own my way. We had a spy report off the year. And I guess I should remember this, but it's so damn long ago. It's like a lifetime ago. Don Omar, OJ's close personal friend from his days within BC. He's the guy that introduced him to Bobby Shapiro. Oh, yeah. And said, hey, this guy is going to put together for you. The dream team and get your ass off. You stupid bastard. No, I don't think, yeah, you better listen to me, man. He's going to get you off. And sure enough, he got him off. And don Omar is the one who set this thing up on NBC tonight. And you people out there, you think there's some credibility involved in this. You think that this is going to be something worth watching. And you're going to sit in front of the tube. And you're going to just stick your stupid head in there and get sucked in again. Yes, I am. Okay. Here's a mobile info. Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, do it. Okay, sir. Great. Listen, we've decided. My mom out here training us. I knew guy for the company. We decided we're not going to participate in the violence of American. Watch OJ tonight. Okay. We decided to do something much more less violent. We're going to take our wives and go see seven. We're going to get them to see OJ. Yeah, that's it for today. He's a day of the week man. He's a day of the week. We can do something really, really fast like seeing silence of the lamps again. There you go. Yeah, something left. Less violent than OJ, right? Okay. One day, let's request. Don't forget to bring the Keani. Would you play one? One? One here. Neal God. Okay. And I want to hear it loud. Okay. Have a go and see you. He wants your Neil God. And he wants your loud. Do you hear that, George? He wants his one. He wants the hear it real real loud, which I don't think it's on his. Okay. So sick of this computer. I'm serious. Let's take this thing up front and stick it right up on Greens' hands. W-I-O-D. Oh, Neil. That loud enough. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Neil God. That power that NL president say, man. Yeah, I'm the most powerful God day man in the world. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I am. Oh, yeah. Good. Neil God. More power than NL president say, man. Yeah, I'm the most powerful God day man in the world. So let me correct her. But there's a made out of people. Oh, that's me. Six percent ever year. We get that taste as smell. How do you say this? Well, while 86 percent of newborn boys in this country are circumcised, they procedure as widely performed without any sort of anesthesia. Oh, that's me. I have no pre-peer. I'm going on here. Oh, yeah. Good. Neil God. Oh, yeah. Neil God. Oh, yeah. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. Oh, yeah. Neil God. Oh, yeah. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. I'm going. Oh. I will ask patronize Blockbuster any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior. You catch ass. Yeah. Yeah. You've heard. Yeah. It's me again. It's an ozone provocateur. I don't have a bolt spuck on. I'm going. I think I'm going. I know that the door needs another radio. I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to come to write up his name. Oh, Neil. This place operates like a radio. I am that hemorrhage. No, we have a longer cord than a piece of crap. Look at this. Look how short this damn thing is. I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to write up his name. Oh, Neil. This place operates like a radio. I don't know if he's going to play something like a freak. It's not how. She really does. I want to be left a freak alone. Okay. I'm in and mine. I just got a four to be made to look ridiculous. Oh, oh. Yeah. Good. Neil got a. Oh, she did their thing on. There's a one that's crap again out there. Good. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Good. Neil got more power than Neil president. They man. I'm the most powerful god day man in a world. So we'll make a reaction. Okay. Probably 19 in W.O.D. We have an open line of Howard 5 2 4 9 4 6 3. If you move real quickly now, okay. Let's play that little psyche with the audience. If you move real fast, you might get in and we might give you a million dollars in cash. But I sure doubt it. Let's not go perpetrating no hoax on a public again. Okay. Or we'll get that guy real upset that called. Fill yesterday. We're calling the FCC. Wow. Because Dan Moreno is retiring from football. And guess what he is. Someday. Maybe not today. Maybe not next. Socus. But someday. Someday he'll be retiring from football. And at that point, people all over this juvenile town will be weeping and sobbing. They'll be drowning like Alice in a wrong goddamn tears. Rental. Here's North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey Neil. Hey, you doing? Okay, sir. Happy Socus. And back to you. I saw something. This was at way after the game. I hung around because I wanted to miss all the traffic. I noticed some dolphin players. I think they're even fryer and some other cult players down there. Neeling and squirting. They were kneeling on it. Yeah. Doing some prayers. Oh yeah. Very early. Very, very disturbing. Kittay did that in a locker room or something. I don't know what that's all about. What that be all about? Well, Irving of course, you know, he's born again. And he put, you know, I had somebody called yesterday about isn't the greater thing. Put his whole life back together. And Yadi Adiyati Adiyati because he was a wife leader in a piece of crab and he found the Lord. And of course, and like I said, he's weak and he needs a crutch. And if it works for him, that's fine. Just don't ponder all of on me. I heard he stabbed his wife. He stabbed his wife. I heard it was a nice interview. Oh, well, whatever. Chemulus request. Yeah. That seems to be going around with football players. Yeah. Act the wife. Okay. Thank you. For Irving. For Irving and OJ. And Irving spikes. Right. His wife. Open line a day, 751, 1001 on a blue line, 5249 for Ir just killing some time now. And where is the Andy Arunay Jeff Moss? Where to? Hello, see. Where's our little buddy Jeff Moss who should be calling in? See, we didn't need to call on Monday. That was too early, Jeff. We needed to call today. We're like in the middle of the show. While I still got some time to help you out. This is like the last two seasons all over again. I'm trying to be a helpedy a man. I'm trying to put some more asses in O.C. It's at the arena tonight. Exciting game. A big game. We're going to get to see that schmeckle coivood. I'd rookie for Montreal. It's supposed to be so great. And you'll get to see our new improved dynamic offense and a team that scored some goals for the Panthers. Tonight. But you can't see it unless you're there. I don't think it's on TV. Is that I hope I pray? I mean, if we have to listen to Rimmer again. Oh, Jesus. A little course if it ain't on TV, that's he's worse. Cause then you got to listen to Chris Moore. If you're not going to be there. So that's all the more reason to be at the game. Cause nobody wants to hear Chris Moore. There is no more disgusting. We've got to listen to this disgusting, revolting thing on the face of the earth and listen to that man pretending to be doing play by play on a hockey game. He ought to be in prison right now in federal, uphead of territory for impersonating a hockey broadcaster. Foster he would as doing cartwheels in his grave. Fred Cusicus, threatening to come down and poke his eyeballs out. Mike lying is saying, uh, Michael, Michael up your ass. I don't see now. Let's see. Here's the thing. Is it on TV? Is it on TV? Uh, what? Home games? Well, what? Is it on TV? Or is it not on TV? Or not TV? It just says TV's sunshine. Oh, it is on sunshine. So like I said, a rumor will be there. So that's another good thing you don't have to watch. Oh, Jay, turn over to sunshine and hear rumors say they scores. It's 1223 a W.O.D. And now, health tip number three from Margaret. In the morning when you wake up, you'll be sure you go into the bathroom and turn on the shower. Get in under the water and use soap to hold yourself off. Next week, more tips for those of you who live in. Bill Henry, 2 to 6 p.m. on news, talking entertainment radio, 16 W.O.D. 1226 to W.O.D. You know, speaking of river, he denies vehemently. Thanks that I'm just making that up just to be a hard ass. I want to give you the see. I got the tangible proof. I don't just shoot from the hip, shoot from the lip and talk a big bunch of trash like Denise Poth van. What I tell you what it's at, I got the tangible evidence right here. Listen, very careful. Good luck. Garp in line. Thanks the shot. Cross-size Willie, in off the point, Willie gives it to Barnes. Bellumbick. Fencing in front, setting the screen. Tabler action doesn't seem as scores. A power play call. They score. They score. They score. You know, I'm going to tell you something. Remember, you're a good guy, but you could sure take some lessons from a real professional. You know, he went score set out to set her eyes. Well, it's time. And seeing it from pigs out of the trapping gym. Go ahead and call it. Tell him we're going to decide if we're going to win. He's so tense. Go for all the time. He gives up. The lead for the free. In both ways, doesn't know whether the cry or wine is watched. Talk 27 to WIT. See, there's a real hockey. By the way, the new guy for the islanders is excellent. I don't know what his name is, but he did that. Leaf Islanders game last night. He's really damn good. He's never going. Hundreds. Walk on and eat something. Oh, all good questions. Today's through Kingswood. Let's see what he says. All the records. So well, I, saying that's true. Remove this one. See, there's a piece of tape there. This one. My, this one, I mean, got opened again. He already got a very big camera. And when you take it off I see the camera's on. That's success. I know. I just find everything, didn't I? Yeah. But there's a ballina in this chart. Quite rare, but what? What's the bad? Yeah, young Neil. Okay, my enthusiasm for that facts just waned We have two open lines in date 7519463 so we got all these O.J. Aslickers on there who put this thing together tonight And it's gonna stick even worse than that Diane Sawyer piece with Michael Jackson in exchange for ABC Getting the exclusive on-it video nice real nice and you're sucking up to it and you're gonna watch it and believe it Yes, I am here's four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir I'm not for this O.J. Stop. Yeah, right as it's crap. Well, what do you want me to do about it? I can't we can't stop? Why don't we do? It's like that Dyke man. They're sticking their fingerprint and it still keeps leaking What sport do you like, Neil? You name it? You like hockey anything. What do you mean do you listen to the show? Do you? Do you listen to the show? Yes, I do then how do you know? I don't like how would you not know? I like how everybody's all now. What does that mean? You put down everybody when I listen You put down hockey the Miami dolphins the how I put wait when when did you ever hear me put down hockey? When did you ever hear that? What was this last rep of talk about? Thanks, sure. They scored Did you hear what I was saying? Do you understand what? I don't know but it was dirty and disgusting I hope you stick it up your ass you filthy old foul mouth bitch What a jackass We have an open line in date 75 one-button-browered five two four. What a jerk Was that rumors? Well, that was Dino Cisarelli calling in long distance from Detroit Just traced the college Dino's place. He didn't say anything by the way. I don't care Not nobody he tried he got it all wrong. Oh, in the original way So what was it supposed to be? Kushmer and Tauhs Cox a hoist Hobbyron bud what was he supposed to be saying? Well, he got the horror word right, but that was the only word the rest of it was gibberish. Oh Well, thanks for your gibberish pal. Okay, go get a life, foreign. Yeah, I'm not getting hockey Put more seats in that house. As is even Wayne sent me a thank you note the other day Said thank you so much, but don't we just done here because that I want to ruin our public a few that's going on Yeah, Wayne and me are pretty tight okay, in fact the zits are starting to rub off Here's Miami shores on a purple line. Hello. Yeah, here we go. Yes. I don't like that guy. How'd you like that go at guy? Yeah, I think he was talking about grapes hanging from the circus hammer. Oh, it's yeah. Yeah. He got the grapes of Roth this guy Anyway, I don't know if he is anybody mentioned paper this morning. It said that Cochran is going to be off camera Giving hand signals He's going to be doing a black power salute, baby. All right. He's going to be giving hand signals to Simpson and what to say and whatnot And during during the abrax which there aren't going to be any breaks, but if they were I guess he'd come in a bit Don't know why why he's on their talking now. Yeah, secondly secondly That That he would has to refuse to answer Questions that might Civil soon yeah So that what does anything he says on there can be you so then what is he going to answer is he going to give it to me? Yes, please pass the water right That's it. I have to tell you also I've been living No, you know something I never thought about that sure you've done a tremendous pubic service You might actually influence a few people out there like one or two to realize what a bogus waste of time This is because the Goldman's have already filed that civil suit. It's gonna happen. He's gonna have to testify And that's gonna be like a costume a lot of money, maybe and he's gonna have to say all while I can't answer He's gonna do a mark firman. I want to assert my fifth amendment privilege. He's not even on a witness stand He's only gonna say what he wants to say. Yeah. He's gonna say how's my friend Bryant doing? Yeah, whereas cost is so we can scope out those games this weekend all right one other your side note douchebag I've been listening to you for 20 years I went on the Eccons diet. I lost 17 pounds. I feel fantastic I got to exercising I can do three sets of 30 push-ups each and I'm 69 years old all right Keep an eye out okay There's one of the meaningful calls which we rarely get one on this station, but there's one right there Except of course those brilliant people over call filled yesterday. Why are you doing this to us? It's a fraud We just called a disjockey. We know and he said yeah, we called some disjockey Reno was just done with the Zagaki by the way and he did say on channel six news He said he's gonna read our channel for oh, that's bad. I keep getting that screwed up. He's gonna retire someday What show was that from that song George is that like west side story? What's musicals that from someday? Huh You don't know you don't know you're me You bars Huh I don't know what you're talking about some day. Is that the name of the song? How does it go? Slowly Here's I think Luis is gonna sing it this weekend. Here's the mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Hey, what's your name is? Open line of Broward 5249463 524Wild here's a lady in West Palm Beach, show. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I've been listening to for a while for some I called great on the reading I'm calling is because I heard you mentioned Hazel Park race trick earlier. Yes, man Do you remember the bowling alley that was behind it? I vaguely I mean everyone in there by sure know what was there. Well, I used to work in it We used to send our bets over to raise the race spec too. 11 mile into quinder. You got it. Yeah, yep. You got it. We used to while we were working. We'd listen. We could stand on the front porch of the bowling alley and hear the horses going really yeah, and you could hear that voice of jack rigs. That's right. Yeah, that's right So we used to listen and then we all knew we lost so we'd have to go back in and get back to work. Yeah, I had some good times up there at the track in Detroit I had years of great times It was a good place. Yeah, but well enjoy the game tonight. Okay. All right. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. How do you like that somebody calling about Hazel Park about harness racing almost on herd of in this town, okay where most people are deadheads like that guy that called me forward this filthy disgusting mouth. Well, what do you like? Good sport? You're always talking. Yeah, I'm not gonna ask what's like you is what I'm not because we got too many of men in this world. That's what we got. I say youth in Asia, baby, that would be a good place to send you. Oh, by the way, somebody was telling me George that you're right, which I hate to admit that people from the far east do not like being called Oriental's people from the Oriental like to be called Asians. Yeah, that's that's exactly what we said because like Oriental is like a rug Oriental rugs Oriental trinkets or anything Oriental chachkeys like you know in animal objects like the Chinese but the people they want to be called Asians. I was shocked when I found out You were shocked? Well, I've been saying it all my life to calling them Oriental's. Yeah, and what about George Edo? What do we call him? Just that little chap. George I guess is good enough for him. That's good enough for him. What a piece of direct heat turned out to be just you know he ought to be a barker at a circus or maybe he can Be on the prices right Because that's what he turned it into but we're not getting back into that again. Let's come on. Let's stop. Let's get away from it Let's talk to somebody you agree like costus. Hey Neal are you doing this ain't Bob costus is it? No, okay? I don't want to talk to none of O.J's asshole buddies. You know exactly right. So you're gonna be at the game that I cost this You want like I told you I have to take care of some business with my dad so I'm just gonna be in Friday night Taking care of some business with your dad like during the game at night. Now what kind of business I am like a some kind of a drug dealer something like that like late at night. I told you I told you last time when I talked to you that he came to fit in me. I haven't seen the guy for like two years So yeah, before a week or two. Well, I am sure he didn't join he'd love going to the hockey game Yeah, he did man. He was just freaking out the body check. You couldn't believe how like brutal the game is I mean, you know he was like oh my god. I can believe that lot of stuff like that But I'm like hey, that's the way the game is. Well, of course being Greek he probably figures it's hard for them to hold onto the soap we get hit that way. Yeah, and bending over to right right. Anyways I'll see you on we're gonna get some panther if I can Friday night. You don't hop it having to think I will not be there Friday night or you're not oh, maybe cost us with like my two seats for Friday I'll go because I'm planning to go in because I have school at I told 12 so I'll get off the school and Friday when I go get some panther fact But I can't afford to big to eat you know, so me and you know you can have my two for Friday sweetheart I'll bring you in tomorrow. All right. You'll have to come and get him no problem tomorrow or Friday That's fine, but I'll give him the Georgie boy and you come on because I hate to see those empty seats You'll be able to sit next to Dennis and maybe if you're real nice to him, you know Oh, you'll teach you all about it Everything okay hang on amigo. No problem. Wait, my why do you have to hang on? I know hang on anyway Okay, I won yeah take cuz like it is last name and all good stuff so we know who to help we're talking all He's gonna come in. I don't know just get his home phone number. That's a good way to do it It's 12 36 it nobody yod 16 kw, D your skin button news nasty I've heard said that the brood's lawyer the theigned the the�gesolir the the birds the liar the birds elire the the birds elire the the bird's elire Fair vigilantly the the birds a liar the the birds alire the the birds a liar the The birds a liar 12-4 events. So I already Yes, do he by your leave the star the stage any environment in the atmosphere for a I guess Collar honest. What are you doing kap Rita a Was working faster when I thought he We were just watching it here too. Yeah, see it's a small world after all. It's like we're linked by the global whatever. Yeah, by that stupid too, right. Did you hear what Oscar Lapita said? Yeah, you heard that. No, it just started. It just started like about five minutes. Oh, that's right because you're on a west coast. Yeah, well, we already had a couple hours ago. We're way ahead of you. Well, excuse me. So how are you doing out there? You got any related any big parts? Does that mean that you've seen the O.J. interview already? Yeah, yeah, he said he did it. Yeah. So yeah, because Donald, my or an all these other pals of O.J. and the all the NBC people, it's an incestuous relationship in a role in just high-fiving and brocos like having a few drinks. It's a joke. I like how we got swim done to the gavel after the trial was there. Why aren't you answering in, by the way, Tom Brocos going to stand up at the end of the interview and give the black power salute and be see trying to goose up those numbers? So why don't you answer my question about how you do it out there? You're going to be stirring in these sliced-alone movies or what's going on? No sliced-alone movies. Yeah. From so what? What's going? It's very competitive out here. Yeah. But I've met some wonderful people and I'm just doing my thing, you know. What is what? Living off residuals and money. Yeah. Yeah. It's struggling. No, I'm not struggling. I'm having a great time. I love this town. Based on what? It's a horrible place. You're crazy. LA? I love my. I love my. You evolve people whenever you travel around the world. You always talking about, oh, rooms such a great town. Yeah, it is. You're right. That's right. Boston, Toronto, Rome. You're going to have 100,000 things to do compared to a place where there's 100,000 ways to leave this planet. Simon and Garfield got a new song coming out. That's right. I went to Las Vegas for the first time in my life about two weeks ago. Yeah. It was a beautifully tacky. That's a good way to describe it. I know I loved it. And he had a great time. I had a wonderful time. Right. It's glipsy. It's tacky and it's sensational. And it's a blast. I'm glad it's like three or four hours away though because I fell in love with crabs. I'd never played it before my life. Yeah, I take one every now and then. Yeah. What's in a while? I was like, I stayed up until six from the morning. One time shooting the dice. It was wonderful. I've had a couple nights like that after pony tail brought food. And I was up until six in the morning with crab. Yeah. But anyway. It's cool because they had to brag Jack and everything. It's like when they hand you the dice. It's like a dozen people around the table going. Come on. Exactly. You still like a star. They're all a stir-in at that. Come on. Yeah. Well, that's illegal here. The Pope's pretty pissed off about it. Well, anyway, LA. LA. That's because I guess he didn't have drugs before he left. That it wouldn't make any difference where he was. It is so cool here, man. And what we expect. There's so many things to do compared. Well, I'm not going to compare to anything. I'm, you know, I'm rough. Listen, even an entry Georgia. There's more things to do than in Miami. Oh, well, maybe that's right. Yeah. Miami. But I'm going to come back. You must Miami. Yeah. I mean, I'm not coming back. But I have to visit. Oh, and by the way, guess what? Well, I'd pass in just a body that were real winterman. Everything he does turns to crappy. Just bought U of M of football this season. And there are one and three and nobody's going to the games. They've turned to crap. So that's all to make you happy. It's been a crap. Six years off. That's the work. Yeah. Yeah. Think you know he onto a TV station out here. Does he really? Yeah. And what are they peddling on it? Huh? What are they peddling on it? Infomercial system. Probably probably Ron Pope feels under 20 hours today in the rest of the day to selling paste jewelry. There's a great article in the role places of all places. The Washington Monthly about three months ago talking about how he and people that run those type of channels get most of their money from little old ladies that are addicted to that. That's right. It did just like Jan and Paul Croch, only different bunch of ladies. Yeah. Some of them are buying salvation. Some of them are buying paste. It's just, you know, whatever you want to buy. So it's great. It's like, you know, every night there's something to do here. It really is cool. I love it here. Yeah. Well, I'm going to the hockey game tonight. Panthers. You're going to go see freaks. I was thinking, how did you know about that? Because it was on HBO here a couple of days ago and Phil Henry who's a big Todd Browning fan. Phil Henry gave me that book about Todd Browning. Really? Yeah. Oh, the dark, dark carnival. Whatever that's called, yeah. I'm not the rodeo last night. Well, how do you like that? Isn't this amazing? How it all kind of like, who fits together? Yeah. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? You know, you're going to go see the film. You're going to go see the film. You're going to go see the film. You're going to go see the film. You won't be jealous. See that, now they'll have something. There's a few people. Phil Henry is from there, see? And he don't want to be there. Yeah. In fact, Phil Henry worked to KFI. Yeah. That's the one that has the funny billboards. So one that really blows. It's got those. In fact, the day that the OJ verdict came down last Tuesday. Uh huh. So we had not only the AP audio line on, but just to make the cheese more binding. We had the KFI line on in here. Uh huh. And I put it on here for a couple of minutes. And they had two guys talking like this. Do it in your face. It was like rock and roll talk. I've never heard anything so insipid and embarrassing in my life. It made the, it made the light bulbs not like KMOX. That's the one thing about this town is like it's very cosmopolitan. But like, um, cheese, Alan has been here for like five. You know, it's kind of like you look like a bellboy. Yeah. Like wink Martin, Bill, right? Exactly. Yeah. Listen. Grab my junior honey. Now, don't leave yet. I haven't talked to you in a long time. Yeah. What do you want? So my suggestion was well, I'm following my movie career here. Yeah. It'd be a great idea for you to maybe do a show out here. And I can be like your side. Well, I'd be dynamite out there. I'd be the biggest thing in the world out there. And of course, we own KFI. But God forbid, we don't want to put Neil Rogers on out there. See, let me tell you a little bit a little inside story on Cox broadcasting. I was thinking about this this morning. Funny you should mention it. One thing that they don't want any of their people to be is too popular. You would never want to have a Rush Limbaugh or you know what I'm saying? Anybody who was on a national scale because if they become too big, then they're going to start wanting some real big money. And then they're going to have a problem. So like with Phil Henry, who's a genius. The guy's one of the funniest people in the world. They just dump on Phil Henry. Man, I mean, this guy's got the opportunity. He could be like globalist guy. And all they do, they don't sell his show. They treat him like, you know, well, you're really funny. But they go in there and shut up. And it's the same with me. You know, so it makes a lot of sense, but never going to happen. I would have such a fit. You guys should come out here. You would be great. Yeah, sure. I don't know why you rip my hate Los Angeles. To me, it's really hard. He is the most frightening. I've been here a million times. It's a toilet. It used to be great. It used to be. No. So did he try it used to be great Los Angeles blows. It's a toilet. It's a festering sewer. So who's going to a hockey game and who's going to a thought browning festival? That's your answer. There you go. I rest my case. I'll see you. I'll have a good time with all those freaks. You'll fit in like a bloody glove. Take care of yourself, Dave. See ya. Dave Caprita, who just can't get enough of us. We have an LA. She's giving me a break of all the places. If he said, oh, my hair is Seattle. I have a great all right. I've never been here. But I hear Seattle's great. I'm here at Vegas. Anywhere. But LA. Oh, what a toilet. What a pit of crime and fear. It's like I've told you before. It's the only place I've ever been in my life where you can feel the fear. You're just walking down the street. Not at night during a daytime. You're just walking around supermarket and you're like, oh, oh, I'm going to get mugged. I'm going to get murdered here. I can feel it. I can smell it. It's kind of like here. You can smell the navel in from the old people in the area. You can smell the to jam. You can smell the death in the air here. Well, out there, you're smell death from like young people. Because that's this body's all over the place. It makes here seem like, you know, tranquil and peaceful and nonviolent. That's how bad LA is. And anybody wants to debate that, man. You're full of crap. A 610 WIOD. When we say news, we mean business. We're here. Ladies and gentlemen, these restrictions to travel to Cuba by Cuban Americans, academics, clergy, and students. Jennifer Rand, up next week, today's a news talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. As in the fable, the ugly duckling, grew into a swan. Jackpot, I'm a tough newsbroad. What was that? Was that last one? Anyway, Jackie Bales, of course, are most famous line in IOD was. We're looking at 10 inches. And I said, was because there are a lot of rumors disturbing rumors around the building that Jackie has a bailed. And I'm not really sure something to do with a fist fight in a kayak with Jennifer or something about that. We'll get all the details for you here. I'll get all the straight dope because try to keep everything a secret. Just like the sex bitch going off the air and Tampa. Oh, we're sitting on that. Yeah, bet you're sitting on it, Steve. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, afternoon, Neil. When is Diaz? I'm doing pretty good. I just wanted to say the day of the verdict. I was working as an internet radio station. Yeah. And I really don't want to name it. Why not? All right. Well, it's packed. W-I-N-Z? Z-A-N-LOV. Well, what do you mean Z-A-N-LOV? Well, you like class over at both stations? Not all in the same building. I know it's all in the same building, but what station you weren't in turning on all these days? What was in the wind, Susan? That's what I just said. Why didn't you just say yes? Okay, yes. Why would you more a little more agreeable? Just keep saying, yeah, that's all. You got it. Anyways, I just wanted to say I couldn't believe the reaction. It was just, it was an amazing thing. And I just wanted to say that I will never give this man another ounce of anything. Any moment of my time would be too much. And tonight, I'm going out. I'm going out with a good friend. We're going to do play some golf and shoot some balls and have a good time. Yeah, that's going to go out at night and chip it a few golf balls around. Where'd you get that idea? Oh, it's free with my college. There you go. There you go. He said hey, oh, hey. It's always a good alibi. Okay, pal. A tip of you for us. Slice those balls. We have an open line in date, 75194. That's what they always say in Spain at the ball fights. Slice those. Let's go to what was that? We would just do North Miami. I believe we did. Here's Carl Gables. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I think I know where the FAA guy yesterday was. The FAA guy? Yeah, I want to call for Henry. The FCC guy? Yeah. Yeah. That's one of the super rides here at my job. And he's always kind of get everybody's button trouble. Yeah. I think that's him. I got his name. I know he is. I got all the hours. Great. Let him have it, man. I need him. We know. I need some support here to take him down. Luke Abrazzi is on the way over pal. See ya. Yeah, this guy that called Phil, what a real pseudo intellectual. And you don't know the FCC law. Do you have your third class license? Ha ha ha. I got news for those of us who sit in here who have nothing to do with reading meters and anything technical and they're other than running this little board. We don't need no license anymore. Pal, that's been that way for about the last 600 years since Mark Coney was an infant. So what you know about radio, what you know about the FCC and about their regulations, what you know about causing a panic and spreading rumors and hoaxes, etc. Is miniscule, you could stick it in your ass and have room for the whole planet left over. Okay. We have an open line in date 751 Wiod, one in Broward, five to four. So what are these rumors about Jackie Baill's? A little secret noise from somewhere. Yeah, that's what it sounds like. For Lodderdale on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, hi, don Neil. Okay. Long time, listener. I've got a couple things on the menu. I've got to thank you for the doctor, Atkins. Yeah. I've given it to or asked my wife to pick up the book and give him a couple of books up to some friends and through the work and out great. Lose and bounds left and right, and that's... Beautiful. And pretty soon you'll lose a few in the middle too. Oh, they hope. A lot of that five days after birth. Circumstances. Yeah. Moving along. Moving along. Yesterday when you were talking about religion, oh my god, was I going nuts. Absolutely. I was raised in one of these, right, right wing, family or into religious. Goody two shoes. Go to the political lie through the teeth. Fony baloney, assortial. Oh, beyond belief. Yeah. But worse than that, I was stuck in the middle of the jungle and a thorough country that's delivering the message to all the free climbing pools. Mm-hmm. And a gentleman. Don't forget, life is beautiful, man. So let's go out there and make a few hundred babies today. Because life is beautiful. What are we on? It's beautiful. But I couldn't understand, um, um, be it. Hello? Yeah, I'm here. I'm sitting on it. I'm, but I could not understand, being that God spoke just so much through so many people and through the higher up in the, um, in the I arc here, whatever. But I've never told him how much child abuse was going on there, right underneath their nose. Yeah. And, um, how much children would be in persecuted father. Really, you guys. Yeah. Sexual abuse. And well, you know, you guys don't have time for that because he's busy with all these football games. He's got a lot of football guys saying a lot of prayers. He's got a respond to Irving Fryer. And if guy from FSU, uh, who plays for Kansas City, he's got to respond to all this football stuff going on. He don't have time for that nickel and dime stuff. Yeah. I was so much to the total, that's the 20 or so children that have done. When we were like eight or nine years old being sexual abuse four, five times a week and by the, um, by the upper and the, in the, in the IAR. I mean, it's absolutely everything. The rectum, real. Right in the rectory. And, um, I don't know. Yeah. So listen to these videos calling up and defending their, their bubble might be the absolutely, I was going insane. Yeah. But that's what the world's about, man. It's about, you're primarily this country, about your really stupid people who've been brainwashed, cannot think and they just, uh, they don't have the guts to challenge all this garbage and see through it. And that's really sad. Until they do until that happens, nothing ain't going to change. Yeah. And, uh, five years ago, I converted over into Judaism. Yeah. Out of Christianity. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Right. And I went through the schooling and the re-circum vision all over again. Yeah. Um, and just to find out, um, that, hey, you know, hypocrisy is rampant in any kind of organized religion. And a cancer, man. And nothing, no matter how many times you switch to how many switch hitters you may encounter, you're never going to change that one fact. Religion is hypocrisy. And that's radially, yeah. If you want to live your life, you got to get off your ass and get out of the fuse and start thinking for yourself and start and going out there and meeting it head on and doing it all over. You know, the pew and me to head on, amen. Never ever went to a woodsman's going. Don't forget, pal. Happy to be here. And happy circus to you. Open line on the purple line. What on the green line? And, uh, how's Jackie Baill's doing? So we fire people. So what? 16 WIOD. My Emmy Ford Latterdale. 86 degrees next news of day to a clock bulletins at once. I'm Jennifer Ram news, talk an entertainment radio, 16 double IOD. Yes. How's Jackie doing? I don't know. You don't know. I don't know. But don't you have a nose for news? I do, but that's not newsworthy. Gotta go, gotta run, gotta fly. See ya. It's the water to two hours. Welcome to the language learning cassette. Tape 42. Japanese. Here are some phrases that will help you understand what the Japanese are saying. Maramora Sumisan Koko Gami. Hi. Translation. You are a lazy, illiterate, and unskilled American laborer. Maramora Sumisan Koko Gami. Hi. Translation. My grandmother builds better cars in her basement. I echo Bususan Sumi Kamono. Translation. I can't believe that's Schmuck. Heave on my Kamono. Hi. I can't believe that Schmuck. Translation. America is a proud and hardworking country. Nagah. Nott. Ok, one o six in WOD. I was just thinking about that Oriental thing. I can't deal with that. I can't call people Asians. What's wrong with Oriental? It's not a nasty word. You know, it's not like a projorative term. What's wrong with that? What are you so yellow-skinned about? Okay, let's go to a, oh no, you gotta be kidding me. Another one of those, Jesus. Here's a lady mobile-in-a-four-laterdale, hello. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? Oh my God. I bet you love saying time. It's okay, the end of the call hang on. Don't go away. Okay. But anyway, let's start the call and I will see. Go ahead. I'm not here yet. I just had it. I just had a quick comment about the day thing tonight. About the one? The O.J. saying, What is that? Whatever's going to be on in the day thing. O.J. saying is going to be on tonight. The O.J. saying, What else do you that? I have absolutely no interest in it. But what my, what my husband had decided to do, because he has a very upset about the Z-Vertics, et cetera. Right. What he had decided to do was to go ahead and email NBC and ask them for all the advertisers who are going to be advertising on the spot. The rocket, there can't be any. Well, apparently, there were going to be, and they're going for about 650,000 for however, I guess a 30 second spot or what. Now, where did you hear that? He had heard that on the news several days ago. Well, it says right here, there will be no commercials during the all-or interview, and they also will not be boosting the rates during the hours before and after the interview. So I don't know where he heard that. That may have been the original idea that they wanted to really seize a spot, but I think they got so much bad publicity and fallout. They thought it might be a real bad idea. Well, I would imagine, so he did get a response back from the email, though, saying that they did not have a completed list yet, but they've provided with them as soon as it was completed. And it sounded, which I think that everybody ran away from that thing like it had the playing. I would hope so, because to me, and somebody who's going to advertise number one is pretty inscrutable, but number two to pay to kind of prices they wanted, or reportedly wanted, was kind of ridiculous. So I was just going to encourage if there are any. We didn't want to watch the thing at all, but if there are any advertisers at all, we just emailed in that way. We cannot give them our business anymore. Nor do we have to listen to the swell. Okay, hang on. Okay. Guarantee won't be on in St. Thomas. Yeah, probably not. Hang on. Line 6, take care of that price on there. I got to make a trip real fast, not the St. Thomas, but I think down those stairs. What is it about that place? There are certain restaurants where the food is really good and tasty, but within just a few minutes. Oh, man, I mean, I am telling you, this is going to be one of the most outrageous things that have ever happened to be in my life. Are you following me? Are you listening? I'm not exaggerating. Here, I'm talking exactly the way it is, Mr. 109 at W.I.D. In the middle of an emergency and he's taking her name and dress for this stupid thing we're doing. Here's a leading curl spring, hello. Neil. Yes, man. Hi, first time caller. Great. I just had to tell you, I am so in sense that NBC states that just because they, you know, Jasonson aren't going to make profits from the interview that they expect vindication, you know? And I think the whole nation by whom about what? Well, I heard it expressed that, hey, listen, we're not making any money. So this is just something that we're doing. And I'm saying the thing that I'm saying is, let me say something. Okay, and all with all the respect, I understand what you're saying, but people don't watch networks. Okay, they watch programs that they like. Right. So if people watch Tom Brokeau doing the news every night, they may be pissed off about the fact he's a part of this charade going on tonight. But after a couple of days, they'll still go back and watch Tom Brokeau. They may want, you know, you follow what I'm saying. In other words, people don't watch things based out whether they're on Fox or the run CBS. They watch programs that they like. Well, that's true. But I have to tell you, as a rule, I mean, like I say, first time caller, even though I've listened, listen to a lot. It's not something that I usually do. And yet I have been moved. I'm thinking, yeah, the NBCP talk, you know, that's how they're acting. They're strutting around, you know, showing all their feathers. Hey, we got the first interview. Yeah. And when I'm wondering, you know, there's always this great race to be first on a story. And why is it never considered that maybe the scoop is not always a good thing. I mean, it's, it's, it reminds me of a dog chasing a car once he catches it with the hell is he going to do with it. Oh, there's. So, no, you know, you got Katie Kirk and Tom Brocar and they're facing this wife-battering egotist to have no reason. And Fox will be sitting with the Johnny Cochon on the sidelines, a high five and you get it. And they provide a form for this despicable human being. And, definitely, he has done a great sort of run Goldman and the Colbert. Down all myor, and NBC's going to be doing a camera's personal event to make sure that all the shots are flattering, and that they make him look good. Oh, holy. I don't think he has a flattering angle anymore. At least not as far as I'm starting to find it. Well, I'm thinking of prison. They found out which was the good side. Have a great day. Thank you. Open line in Proud 524. We're a little Andy Go. I want Andy to do me a favor. Okay, when we come back from the break, Andy's going to do a few minutes to the show when we come back. We have an open line in Proud 524. We have one on the purple line at Bound IoT. I don't know what you're smirkin' about Andy is. Come back into Rome, Andy. Andy Cowb needed in the studio immediately. It's not soon to get a hold of him right now. Get his little ass in here. You can't have gone too far because the PDA here today, so we can't be in there looking around. So what's that story about Jackie Beals? We'll get to the bottom of that or what? Something about killing somebody in a kayak somewhere or she got turned over and yeah, we need you to come in and fill in for a couple of minutes after the break. I'll be right back. I just have a little business to take care of. It's called a little pre-new car-a-deal downstairs. I have to get it all out of my system. Oh man, that stands daily good food, but wow. I mean, you talk about packing an impact. The 16 WIOD, not your ordinary radio station. If you drive a ride, just your ass goodbye. Keep in the falls of Miami. When they're guns held tight, when they prowl at night. Keep in the falls of Miami. If the NRA could have this way. Keep in the falls of Miami. Every citizen would be found just squeezing off some rounds. Keep in the falls of Miami. All right, let's go to a call on Miami. Hello. Hello, is Neilville. You're talking to Neil. Go ahead, buddy. See, I wanted to ask him a specific hockey question. Okay, go ahead. Well, I wanted to ask him two things. What does he think of the brewing, buying a team that should be in NHL, selling co-contender being the Boston Bruins? You're trying to do it in the wings doing good, buddy. Oh, boy. All right, Miami, hello. Hello? Hello? Hello? Hello, go ahead. All right, I just wanted to tell, actually, Neil that OJ is didn't do that mess in, and Luis Miguel is in town. He wants to go out with him. Yeah, Luis wants to go out. That's great. I'm telling you, he has a song for him and everything. All right, that's wonderful. That's good. Five, plenty. All right. Hello. Okay. I'm having a special guest. Beautiful. Let's go to a town line. Hello, pound line. Hello. Hello? Neil. Were you on vacation last month? Did you get a chance to go to Rome? I was on vacation last month. Hello? Yeah, hello. You weren't on vacation last month? You knew exactly well as on vacation last month. Did you go to Rome? Why were you writing a book or what? No, I thought there maybe you'd go visit the Vatican and confess to the Pope. Yeah, confess what? That he's a fan ass with a dress? Yeah, there you go. Jack asked, he don't even know what he's talking to. We saw smart this guy. Thanks, Andy. See, it doesn't really make any difference. I was taking this morning coming to work that it's about time that George and Andy got their own shows on a weekend. And that pretty soon after while we will have to stop playing those tapes when we go on vacation, they could do the show. How does that sound? Okay. For extra pay, of course. Now we're working, but you know, at least the two, three bucks an hour more. We have an open line on the purple line. Yeah, maybe I can go see the Pope. I've been to Rome 23 times, baby. And I ain't never seen the Pope, but I'm never going to the Vatican because I don't want to waste my time. How do you like that? How do you like that? My fine, feathered friend. Living in the stone age with your goddamn brain washed little mind that can't think for itself for two seconds. A man without a brain is a dangerous thing. Open line on that pound line that wireless, whatever it is. Thanks a lot, Andy. You killed me. Here's North Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. First, I want to see two things. Do you first, people need to remember that first Bible is not nothing more. Are you on a speaker phone? Huh? Are you on a speaker phone? No, I'm like, for this phone. Oh, it sucks. I just want to say these people need to remember that the Bible is not manual for life. The Bible is the word of man. Exactly. Don't ever forget it, okay? It's the word of primitive man. It was written by men, foremen, by white men, forewild, other white men. And that's what it's all about. It's a bunch of Bible myses. Is this a word of the orient? It's written for their convenience. Right. That's right. I'll say now I'll talk to you about some serious. You're the soap opera, fish and auto. I was wondering if you could tell me. Oh, I'm not. You're the soap opera, I'm anything about. Well, this loving soap opera did you? I don't know nothing about that. But not a soap opera fan. I just like guiding light in the young in the horny. That's it. That's what it is. But this week, we turned on a TV. They got the soap opera on. They got these clothes in there. And this lady comes on in between the segments. It says, okay, can you figure this out? What the hell is this all about? Well, somebody will call in. Some soap opera fish and auto. Some faggot will call in. I would go in. Okay, back to your pet. I'd better buddy. Open line of Broward 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. I'm going to tell you if anybody ought to be confessing to the pope of it. They're devetic in. It's all those cardinals. And all those goddamn angels. That's right. The cardinals and angels. The problem is look where they finished this. You even make the playoffs. And JT snow is over there sitting on the Pope's lap right now probably and the Pope's got to fix Malan his post. He says this year beats Baltimore. I'll tell you that. Here's a Bacal Rupkin man. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Audio is having a nice life. Get out of here. Open line in date. 751. Wiod. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. So, yes, I do. And just wanted to have you slide something by fat rich guys. Are you going to pop in tonight? Why are you? Are you the same guy that always calls here and asked me about fat rich? No sir. How do you want to date with him or something? First time. I'm caller. Yeah. I'm caller. So why would you want anybody ask that? I got a tip for. Yeah, you got a tip for him. What? Either hall away. AJ storm honor. Oh yeah. That's the worst tonight. Another old Kevin Wallace horse. Listen, can you do me a favor? By the way, the John Lofy went on Monday or in a what? I have no idea. You're supposed to be the expert. I'm not a expert. I just got a tip for you. I did that was an expert. Yeah. Could you do me a favor? Who's driving AJ storm honor? I have no clue. Fred Cohen probably. Could I not a finger up his nose? Yeah, go ahead. Everyone's telling me how funny the bridge tender part is. Yeah, good. Well, he's playing a play. He taught me that. Two open lines of Broward 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3 and two out of Green Line. See, there's a guy he don't know nothing about this show. His fat rich corner that's rack tonight. I don't know. And believe me, if there's any tips flying around at the track, he can sniff him out from 100 miles away. Okay, he don't need your help. AJ storm honor my ass. There's only one guy who could drive that horse in his name as Kevin Wallace and Kevin can drive circles around all of these guys. You know what I'm saying? A while he? That's right. He could drive circles around you any day of the week that he wants. He just has a little rock bonus for you. That's your win once in a while. Just to make you look good, because he knows you got such a big ego. And I'm 21 to tell you I OD. At night, there's passion on 16 WIODs. With my first wife, there'd be no breakfast and no quickie. That was, it was strictly not possible. The second wife, you could have a quickie or you'd have breakfast beating, get both. Okay. And the third one was, if there wasn't a quickie, there was no breakfast. With her in summers, Monday through Saturday, a TMJ Midnight, a news talk and entertainment radio, 16 WIOD. Oh my god, it's a severed head! Yes, severed head, the new fab that's sweeping an nation. Everyone who's anyone has got a severed head. And if you think it's not for you, then just listen to this dramatized version of an actual letter sent to us by a satisfied severed head customer. Everything is done. It was a beautiful wedding. Here's the bill. Wow. 98,000 dollars. Isn't that a lot to cater a wedding? Well, all of your guests had a choice of chicken or beef. And everyone did have a dishes Pomone. It was a beautiful wedding and I guess everything is fine. Except for the severed head in the middle of my wedding cake. Oh my god, I swear I just put a little man in woman there. I'm so sorry. Okay, or this wedding for free. You'd better. Yes, with severed head, the fun never ends. And don't forget, new severed nose for when a full-riding head is just too much. Remember, if it's not dead, it's not severed head. Oh, you know what? You don't have to mention this. Daddy, darks, it ain't hard. Okay, 127, a W.O.D. here's a facts from Bruce and West Palm. First, I changed the name sweetheart. Bruce wants to know on a small dish with a hockey package. Did you get all the games you're only a selected game each night? Well, guess what, Bruce, you get about 800 games altogether during the course of the season. You don't get every game every night, but you get most of them. And especially if you'd be smart and you'd subscribe to the, um, to like KBL and you'd subscribe to the sports package and the hockey package. All of that together, which isn't really all that much. Then you'd get like almost all of the hockey games. If it's on, it's on air. Most, I like, like, the overwhelming majority. Like last night, they had three games on. They had the leaf spawning the crap out of the islanders. And they had Calgary, I'm getting pounded a crap out of my Dallas. And they had the black cocks in Chicago, which I don't know who eventually won a game. But the, uh, kings were had three to at the end of one. It was all on air, man. Get the dish and quit making excuses. Open line on a purple line. The AT&T wireless pound IOD. We got one in Broward 524. We got one on the Greenland. How come we haven't heard from that pot plug Jeff Moss? Boy, am I gonna rip him an acid to you, Readed Knight if I see him? I love them a message too. Yeah, we're trying, we're trying to help you out Jeff. We want to know how many tickets are left for the Montreal game tonight. We want to know about the Panther Packer. They all gone. We're trying to get some people in there. You're up against OJ tonight. You're up against Tom Brokeau. You're up against the establishment. You're up against the brainwashing of the public. Don't you understand that I'm trying to help you like the last two years. I'm desperate to try to get some asses in those seats. Same old crap in his town, baby. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? I'm doing okay. All right. First of all, I wanted to talk about the Panthers, but I heard you a little conversation earlier about religion. They just have, uh, the sort of relentless toy to take. I'm just as relentless as you are as far as religion. Good for you, man. I got this cousin of mine. I graduated from it with 80 and 89 and she was like, I mean, class president, I mean, head of journalism class. The whole nine straighties student had a great future. Yeah, here with one middle name, you know. Bride Jehovah, right? Oh, yeah. All of a sudden, she graduated from high school with honors and every school in the, in the country once, huh? And she ends up, where is she doing right now? She's in Santo Domingo living in a 10 house with no running water. She's a good only flush the toilet once a day. After walk two miles to get the water to pour it into toilet. Flush. Yeah. And this is all in the name of the whole thing. I want to put it in that around here. I'll tell you that with a food reading. Let me tell you, and I love my condo here on the beach. We're running water. Yeah. Okay. Getting back to the Panthers. I just got something. I'd rather be a leper than to be a celebrity, you know, then. That's right. Tell me about it. Okay. I just got my pants up. So, right? I went to my first game last year. It could be my first game this year. I'm going tonight. Well, thank God. Yeah. I've got to get some people in there. I'm desperate to try to find out what's going on. We've got to get some people in that joint tonight. Yeah. It's so rude. You know, you call it the specs over the phone. You know, specs can't tell you nothing over the phone. It's all you call ticket master. You will die before you ever get into ticket master. Yeah. But you, but specs can't tell you nothing over the phone. You have to go there in person, but I can tell you how many tickets are available. Even to find out if Panthers are available, which tells me. So I can't tell you over the phone. I said, okay, all wonderful. I went on and I got them. They just, you know, be some available because I just picked up three a couple of minutes to go. Um, get your specs back. Can we get a couple of minutes to go? So in other words, the Panthers pack those 800 seats. Those very cheap, reasonable price seats. Didn't go in. Someone go wrong. But nine. Wait a minute. So in other words, they didn't go in the first two or three minutes. Like they always do like the last two years like a 10 o'clock ride. Just right now, went to specs on US one and a hundred and a couple of weeks. Oh my God. And boy, three Panthers pack tickets. Okay. One thirty and a half to know. And they still haven't sold out the Panthers. That tell you what kind of a game. Another in the crowd tonight. You get more information from me than you do from Jeff. That's right. I'm going to really let him have it tonight. Boy, I'm sick and tired. I mean, what best did it just divide God? I paid two to the lowest for those extra two seats that I got. And then gave him the dance for crying a lot. Why do I do that? But I mean, in the meantime, I'm trying to provoke the hell out of the damn thing. They're not even carried on this radio station. And I got a big to try to give some information out. Boy, Jeff, you're going to talk to me. He's probably going to be home tonight. You know, flipping it and watching OJ too. And I'm sure he probably won't even show his ugly face there tonight. He's probably all worked up for OJ now. Exactly. Working to remover right now. Probably be high five with costas. They're on the sideline. Tell me about it. Working him. At least I say sidelines is you do understand this interview is being conducted on a. On a simulated football field. Because that might hold you to feel at home. That's right. That's right. I've heard about the day. The day I got to a guy. So boy, okay. Now this is my question. I wanted to run out and buy a jersey tonight. Yeah. And, but you know, I'm sick and tired of everybody seeing, you know, wearing the Beez shirt. And if they're busy trying to trade the guy, I don't think I want to go out in really Kind of. Not in actually training. Nobody wants him. They're sending him to a three year deal. No, because nobody wants him. So well, I heard they might be moving him to our center bench or something next year. Or you might be playing left out. That's going to be a position. So what shirt do you think is safe to buy? What jersey? Yeah, Rod X. Yeah, Rod X. 4x. 9. That kid is going to be great. He's a hell of a player. So number nine to four. Or get a number 12. Get a Jody Hall. Jody's playing good. Number 12. Or a number 14. Stooie Barnes. Maybe it'll wake stew up a little bit. I said, I'll be gagging away. One shirt at a time. I'm saying, I'm giving you an alternative there. You know, this year, number you like best. Okay. And you're going to. 9. 12 or 14. I kind of like 69. But he's okay. Yeah. Well, go see a Jeff Moss. He might help you out with that. And back to the interview. Yeah, go see that Jeff Moss. He might help you out. You're talking. Why didn't you get number 32? Cause I'm going to start a season ticket. Doj. Listen. Let me tell you, your sense of humor on a scale of minus six is minus seven. So what's the story that I'm sitting here just like all times the same all cramp. I got remorse and they scores and we got you that couldn't score it. Can't these house. And it's given us no information. I told you, yes, I told you yesterday there are a couple of thousand remaining. So in other words, there's still remaining. And they are. They are. They are they are remained for tonight for Friday and start a one Sunday against the islanders. Jesus. Yeah. Yeah. That I don't know. That's what about the panther pack. Panther pack. Or just bought some three minutes ago. Right. There's still some available. That's pathetic. I know it. What are we going to do about this? No, it's just you got it. Got to come on support the team. You're personally, you know, I heard you say in the yesterday after I got off with as far as, you know, using a protest towards, towards Wayne or not. And then we're going to come out and support the team. The guys are out there. And then we're going to come out and support the team. The guys are out there. And then we're going to come out and support the team. Guys are out there. Wayne Wayne has gotten nothing to do with me. I know that. That's what I'm saying. I'm just reiterating what you said. I also tired of these excuse makers. The first two years. Nobody again. They're last year. We despised Wayne just as much as we do now. And nobody used that as an excuse. And we came out. We filled up the arena 97% capacity. And now all of a sudden everybody's got a good excuse. Isn't that great? And this year we got the team that every week. And then he 10 games put together. Last year. Sure, what? Your 100% number. No one is Roger Nielsencraft. It's an aggressive style. I was just the one thing. We came back three, two very quickly. And then tried to sit on our laurels for a little bit and saw that a team like Calgary even with their input and offense without auto and new and dyke. Yeah. The rest of the guy. I think it's a lot of fuel. How's that? That was a nice pasted, Jodie Hall, baby. How's it getting the system at or what? I believe it. Nice. Yeah. I believe he did. They scores. Oh, God. So hopefully we'll get some more walk-ups later today. We'll get some asses out of that arena tonight or tomorrow. I'm going to come on here and cry like a baby for four hours and that's a promise. I know. No one wants to hear that. You know what, Niel? He's with the Luis Miguel if we don't sell out the arena. Luis Miguel. Yeah. Let's just play with. Thank you, Salon. See you tonight, Jeff. Okay, buddy. Go on and sell some tickets. Come on. Bye. Get with it. All Luis Miguel all day long unless you get those Panther Packs seats right now. There's 2,000 other seats for the game. And if it's not full, I'm going to be pissed off. It's a bit of stoo. It's a stoo. It's in big time. And then I'm going to read that whole article from the L.A. Times News Service. Whatever that was, there was the Sun Center, LeBos Luis and how great he is in the hands of the beautiful and wonderful and the best voice in the world. And as far out selling, holy are the grisies and everybody else. And it's, uh, don't want to be on a J. Leno show because you don't want to get sucked in all those stupid personal questions. And, uh, all that other stuff. Oh, god almighty. That's sad. That's really sad. And you know, even though we didn't have a good game on Sunday, and I don't care what anybody else is like that Kim Bo Kamper. He makes me nauseous when I hear him come on this day. Oh, I don't care how many people are at the dolphin game because, uh, I mean, if I'm the only one there, I'm enjoying it. I don't have to fight all the parking and stuff like that. Well, I actually really great. Okay. I mean, I really make for a great atmosphere when you go in there like, uh, there's these whole gigantic chunks of empty seats all over the place. It's enough to make your blow chunk. Ah! Ah! 16 W-I-O-D download this. I have just tasted your snapper. Hey, hey, Paula! I want to look at you. Hey, baby. I want you to look at me. Ah! Can't sleep no wrong. With a little spoon of dew. Paula, can you feel my pain for you? I'm the girl. I'm the girl. Promise, straight in that little round of blue. Who the R secret are whole, love through. My career would be a terrible mess. If this leaked out through the press, I'm the girl. I'm the girl. All right. What 41 at W-I-O-D? Happy Wednesday to a pretty decent day today. If I must say, we had a couple of calls not too many. Couple I made some sense like one or two. And a couple of women here along the way, not too many. Open line on a purple line. Pondio D. We got to two green lines have been in the total comma all day today. They're probably drinking it up heavy getting ready for tonight. Okay. The celebrating circus early all those bread next in old farts. And they're getting ready for a big night tonight of NBC. Con me, job me, screw me, do me. And I want to say that's what it's all about. They want another, uh, pale fool. And if you wait long enough, I think I might be able to help you out. 141 at W-I-D. If I don't think it'll be that long, George. Let's go to a little Havana. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on, buddy? We're doing it, baby. Hey, long time listener. I'll call you quite a few times. Every five minutes, right? No, no, I haven't called you in a while. I've got it called you, uh, at least to live on 1718 Bay Road across the street from K-T. Right. How are you doing, Guy? I'm doing okay, Guy. Anyway. I can't go back. You know, you can't go back to those good old dogs. I'm telling you, well, I grew up there. It used to be the best time of my life. Was it? Yeah, man. Not for me. I was making 225 bucks a week at K-T, and I must say, although, you know, I had pretty good times back in those days. This was a pretty wild town back in those good old days for not anymore. Different times, Neil. Yeah, that's right. You know, remember, giant motors, right across the street? Sure. Yeah. Anyway, I want to see the car that I was driving when I first came from West Palm to K-T. What did you say? I was driving a beat up old. I mean, ancient mercury. I mean, it was sold. It was on its last legs, and it used to vibrate under the hood. You know, there was something loose in there. And when you'd stop for a lighter, it'd be this tremendous humming sound. And everybody'd be looking at you and you'd try to like, hide under the, oh, man. You'll want to crawl under the dash. You'd be so embarrassed. Yeah. You used to vibrate. Oh, yeah. Anyway, the question is... Yeah, the car too, yeah. Come to an I-A-R-R channel 7 having not Frankenstein on TV. Any suggestions? Any comments? The lawyer, what's his name? Rock-Cook, K-Cock Brown, they'll be on there. Oh, yeah. You're probably... All the analysts will be back. He'd see it. And we'll have that goofball on again, and we'll have... Oh, what's that blind headed one from court TV that was all over the place? Oh, come on, George. You can do better than that thing. Give me your frown. You know the one, the kind of attractive blind that was all over? I couldn't tell you. You know who I mean though? Yeah, about it on her name. Oh, she's everywhere. Anyway, they'll all be back out again tonight for the post-game wrap-up for the Analyzation for the, you know, high-fiving. That's right. And then the new Spikes live, oh, God. Oh, yeah. And then they'll be having viewer response. They'll be calling in on a bad line. Did you like it? Did you hate it? Is he full of crap? Do you want to fly as fast? Did broke us here? Look good. Is Tom getting old? Can he speak the language? That'll be good. If it ever gonna end. Oh, my God. Oh, man. Her name is right on the tip of my tongue. I can never think of her name at one. It's kind of like a... She's got 17 different names. Anyway, um, in closing, Neil, can you play that out? Which I love when you put it. The, um, the brain stem, when it's some help. The brain stem. Yeah, when you put the card, when it's some help. The brain stem, you're saying this at a time when Danny Boy is injured. Man, he's so hell. There you go. He needs some help. We need some help. I can't be go out of your shoes. Hey, hey, Neil. Yeah. In closing, I'm gonna call a couple of buddy my suits back. Pass. Danny Martinez, your suits back. Okay. That's the only Martinez, by the way, that's not on Seattle and Cleveland. Yeah, they had three Martinez in that game last night at the beginning. Dennis Martinez and Edgar and Tito and, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, a south. Open line on the blue line in Braward, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, WID, what is her name? Nobody called in yet to tell you about that. I don't think we got nobody listing of this station today. I mean, nobody. Because all the stuff that I wanted to find out about it, including those phone numbers. All the OJP mayors. What does that say? What is it again? Kristin, Jeanette Mayors. That's it. Kristin. good Christian Christian yeah she's kind of attractive but you know after you I mean even the best stuff you know enough is enough already no matter how good it is well is always an extension okay let's go to a Western on the purple line hello hello yes sir hey do I okay listen I was just listening to you guys I know we almost usually do this time of day and cross my mind that you know you mentioned a pencil the a pencil I want to have you but I have yet to see any real advertising form I've even borrowed I got news for a man they had full page two page spreads in the Sun Sentinel and a Harold on Picceseet Day which was about week before the season started a couple of weeks before the season and they got no response to that all in that costume about 20 grand just for those two ads at least 20 or 30 grand you're just you know you mentioned all the time and I know you guys it's I don't I know what to deal is I mean everybody knows that the season has started it's all over it's a while of course the game is on TV again too see I think what they ought to do is black out all the home games for the Panthers I mean most places don't have to do that and it would be a shame but I think we may have to start doing that it could be that a whole thing is missing is some places the one the whole thing is missing is somewhere yeah now he'll be there he'll be shining his bald spot he must be losing money otherwise you'd be having to you know that they got a guy there seriously at the hockey games because he sits not that far from for me I have to see him down there is head is like a beacon shining at the dark and they got a guy that comes in between every every stop at your play and shines his bald spot yeah he's got like a little rag and he shines Wayne's bald spot well you know what I'm saying now one of the other thing I was just like the mention to you if you can okay I'd like to hear because I get up at the like to talk in the morning yeah driving in on 975 I mean he'd probably burby bank thing uh it's disgusting I don't know how to really say on the shoulder but I'm actually to hear some of you take some of these but we're gonna keep up the date of the you know all the other means instead of the Glenn Burp bank show that's what he had burpy yeah okay we're gonna pound yeah okay I'll suggest that to our program director one day when he's sober oh that's not gonna happen you got your Yankees and Rads braves and Indians look college football here some hockey over there Pat Riley says focus on the players not to coach what does that all mean nothing until you say dolphins now you're talking dolphins on radio use talking entertainment you and Oh, my god! Oh, my god! She's a daddy! She's a daddy! She's a daddy! She's a daddy! She's a daddy! She's a daddy! She's a daddy! I'm not too romantic but she just said no. Oh, my god! She said she'd rather strap on her deal, though. Oh, my god! She's my dream, though, but it just can't be. She's a found up that she's less. She's more than she's died. I have no previous. She's a nice guy, too. Oh, my god! Oh, my god! Now I would say about K-7 as to where you were and ran in the houses. Oh, my god! Call me to my baby. Oh, my god! One, 53 a W-I-O-D. Let's do a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. What's going on, babe? How are you doing, man? I got tickets, Cleveland, series. I'm going. You're going. What the thing I did was I had tickets for Sunday. I had so many things I was seven of a day. K-7 was asleep, but I'm afraid that suit's going to go to the other day. What do you think? What are you talking about? How can there be a sweep? They just started today's Wednesday. Yeah, but the fifth game was going to be a week. The fifth game was going to be Sunday. It might not be a fifth game. Well, wait a minute. They're playing today. Uh-huh. Is the second game. His Friday and Saturday is the third and fourth game. Yeah. You like the other? Oh, you think Seattle's going to sweep him? No, I don't want him. I'm going to clean with the watch, Cleveland. No chance. They're not. Don't worry about it. The only other game Seattle win is the game Randy Johnson. Don't worry about it. He's ugly. Have you ever seen? What is it? Randy Johnson. Ugly a thing, but man, he's here. He can throw, but he needs to get like, he's in a good condition. He's going to go into the body transplant. Yeah, hey, it's being my thing. Did you see that state attorney for a new makes to go over that? Was that training class? No. And it was Janet. It was a strong resemblance to. All right. Well, let me call one person. Janet. Yeah. Rick, beep this. Okay. All right. Have a good time. Me go get out here. Here is the Carl Springs. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? You're the only team in the NHL where three out of the four broadcasts are women. You have Elaine. You have Denise and Chris. I think Remer is the only man in that group. And believe me, it's only because of the mustache. It's only waking me sure with him. You've been hard on the rim man today. Well, he deserves it. He's just always with his Dino sister really crapper all getting even with him now. Yeah. I am so sick. And every time this man calls me, I see him at the guy named Arena. He brings me some, you know, he brings me the stuff with all the TV schedule for all the teams. We try to appreciate. But in the meantime, why have I got to hear about Dino's thinking since the rally already? Yeah. If they want to eat, you'll go ahead. We won't tell anybody, but get out of my life with it. He's about a hundred years old at God. We don't need any more old fart. Oh, Remer is the rally. Oh, hey, I love the rim man. But in closing, Neil, I'm running out of material. I was just thinking that that can's done. Yeah. I'm surprised QAM has an ass toward it. It looks like they got about 900 pounds of radio between about 10 in the morning and about 6.7 pm. There you go. You got the sports bay, weighing in at about 4.10. Yeah. About 400 and gold, about 600. Good point. Right? That's the only reason they're losing money over there. It's not because of the ratings. It's because they can't afford to feed those bastards. Thanks Neil. See you tonight, pal. Okay. We're going to see you guys tonight at the rainy. We're going to see you tonight or what? Yeah. All right. I'm going to tell you, I'm taking personal responsibility for that crowd tonight. Okay. I'm not taking any more excuses. You can always tape that OJ thing. Then you'll have it on tape and you can watch it over and over in slow motion and freeze frame and replay. Okay. You can tape the damn thing. Everyone he has got a VCR and if you don't know our program, just start it when you leave the house around 6 or 6 30 and let it roll. That table run on extended play for 6 hours, man. All the way through it'll midnight and then some. So don't give me no excuses. You got to stay home and see the interview of the century with a bonehead with a murderer of the century with the ass kissing network of the century. I'm telling you now, they've just moved ahead of CNN and ass kissing. I never thought it could be possible that it could happen. NBC even a peacock is a shedding feathers now. He's so God damn embarrassed. Here's a sunrise. Hello. Sunrise. Neil. Great show. Yes sir. I just came down here from Philadelphia and I was listening to you talk about the Panthers and up in Philadelphia the flyers and the Eagles. You can't get tickets for it but the fillings and the fixtures. They can't give them away. And I think that's pretty much the way it's going to be down here. Well, why is that? The last two years the Panthers sold out almost every game. We had 90 severe or the best tenants records in the illegal. 97% capacity. Well, I didn't realize that. And we got a good younger expansion team. The team got a new coach. We got more excitement a little more offensive minded this year. We got an exciting team. They're the excuses. And by the way, man, this ain't no Philadelphia. Keep in mind the dolphins who up until Sunday were underfeated. Channel six had a biophthalast 2500 tickets to that game. So it wouldn't be blacked out. How do you like that for a bogus sports town? Well, this is no sports town. This is a fantasy here. All the talk that everybody's saying about Super Bowl. Oh, yeah. They talk, man. And wait till you see that Rutgers hurricane game. Now there's scaling it down to 40,000 or less for Saturday. I would say less would be a safe bet like as in a lot less. Like about 25,000. And guess why? Because they're having a crappy season. Well, what do you do? Well, they're all fair. Where do they go? You got a man. You hit it right on an old post. Okay, deal. Have a great day. See ya. Yeah, this is no sports town. We thought we had sandy claws. We thought he was going to hand it to us on a silver platter. He turned out to be a backstabbing asshole. And so now we got him as an excuse. Hey, by the way, Jennifer, I want to ask you a question. So anyway, seven. What? What is wrong? I just want to ask Jennifer a little question about that Louise Miguel concert on Friday and Saturday and Sunday. She's going to be there, and that's that, huh? You got to be there, Jennifer, or what? I'm coming to see Louise. Jennifer, I'm coming to see that speaker. I hear Jackie's going to treat you. And one day, Tuesday, and Wednesday, and Thursday, beer and ace, and beer, and the ace, we're going to back around. Play these. It's all about the mango. Come on, Jennifer. Come on, Jennifer. It's a fair meaning of what a story I've got. It was no big game I had to say. Okay, she's not speaking to me no more. Here's, well, and I guess she doesn't know I got those naked Brad Pitt pictures. Not the ones, I'm not talking to ones off the internet. I'm talking about the real things. Big eight by ten glossy full collar roll case sweetheart. Oh, she said she'll be right in. Here's the curl springs, hello. Hello? Yes, ma'am. Is this W-I-I-E? This sounds like me. Oh. What's up? Turn that radio off sweetheart. Oh, okay. Sorry. How you doing? Good. What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? What did you say? I said that. That was my second hockey game. I had a great time. You got to be there tonight? And I got tickets for tonight. All right. Now we're talking. Oh. Great. All right. So, um, enclosing. I just want to call some of it. Uh, rickson. Go ahead and your de-spang. Okay. We'll see you tonight, sweetheart. Bye-bye. See there ya go. You can thank me for anybody's going to be in those seats tonight. I won't be too many, but you can thank me. Give me all accredited. Okay. Don't blame me for the 2,090 seats that Jeff Moss calls in when the show is almost over. It says, well, uh, we got the same empty seats today. We had yesterday and it even for that. Because I'm sitting here, uh, trying to buy myself a new sports jacket, which by the way, Mr. coming from a fashion plate like me might not really be a bad idea. We only radio station. That's what the heck will do. I want to see that. 16 WIOD. Miami Ford Lutter Day.