Hey Fat Boy, go sell some spots and stop trolling for free lunch, is okay. You fat this disgusting, you'll bick with a slob you. We use talking entertainment radio 610 Wild presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal call 751 Wild in date 524 Wild in Broward outside the 305 area code. It's toll free 1-800-944 Wild and say the one customers can call poundild at no charge. Now the Neal Roger show on news talking entertainment radio 610 Wild. Yeah, in the end DIY as you see KS. Everyone's been talking about one top radio host for years. Now Broadway is singing about him too. It's my very living. When shooting fence just came right at their heads. They're gonna get it. My fair living. It's the touching story of a simple bald-headed macho man who gave up right wing of security for mainstream insanity. Well, I broke it at night. A watergate was right causing my car free. My fair living. Nobody who sees it sees it the way she Gordon does. This scares me. I think he's crazy. I'm playing in Waco. My fair living. It's the new Broadway music. With the songs that are on everybody's lips. I'm crazy. Not ball from the ride. 10-07 Wild. Do you have any Monday to have a man? Oh man. First order of business today. We got to get rid of bullfoes. Baby. When it starts raining like this heavy duty and they start breeding. I got a problem like there's a lot of kiddie corner across from my house. It's like an empty lot. That's got all kinds of melaluca trees and crappener. It's like a goddamn swamp and water and you can just hear the frogs crooked in there. If you go up the street about a mile in a sunrise year, other things, croaking all the time. More human sounds. But seriously, they're like pouring out of there. Those goddamn bullfoes, which ordinarily wouldn't care, except they're not too good for lunch for your dogs. How about you? Somebody in a Saudi ins knows. Is there some kind of stuff you can put out to kill those damn things? Like maybe a gigantic brush fire might do it. What the hell do you do to kill those guy damn things before they can fetch your dogs? So anyway, yesterday morning I'm out there at the saw grass, like a noon. Get into the car about five past noon. Don't they open it noon on Sunday? I think so. Maybe I'm missing out on something. But man, oh man, the traffic to that place yesterday. You would have thought that they were given merchandise away. A hundred dollar bill with every purchase of anything over a dime. That place is packed. Packed. And that's the number two tourist attraction in the whole guy damn state. What's going on there? Not much. I go into that bookstop, that book's a million. Whatever the hell that story is in there. And it's okay, it's big. And the store too. And wander around their suds in there with his wife going through the little people section. And all of a sudden, the dawned on me. And the last thing I've heard about this is what excitement is about at this time of the year in this town. Or maybe at any time of the year is a little trip to the saw grass. Now everybody in this audience denies that they're never going to the saw grass. I've asked about that a million times. Nobody in the audience admitted. But I'm sitting there in the food court having my sore bait from hog and does. Instead of that awful watery ice cream that they pedal. And like four people came up. And one guy comes up with his little kid who's about like five days old or something like that. And he's like, I'm going to give it to you. Here's the most famous man in the whole mall. Bye bye. Yeah, good guy. But just stay away with those bready little kids. Okay. Let's start drooling all over you. And like do doing in there. Stuff why you're sitting there trying to have your sore bait. It's a little bit unsettling for the appetite. Rocky, it's a very good close personal friend. I guess we're not going to be able to retire. Thanks to him. Kate Pasa starred to Claire's bankruptcy. So it says here in Joan Flishman's Yenta column in the hairless morning. Gone belly up. Would you like to see Rocky etch of rea belly up? Not at this stage. You're looking a little longer than a tooth steve. He's gone belly up actor Stephen Vauer. Under his given name, Esteban Etchavarria. He filed chapter seven in US bankruptcy court. Vauer is just he's only a million and a half dollars in the red. Oh, don't say red. Come on. He's the common Easter that's bad. Don't say red when you're talking about a kid from high allia. Lloyds of London says he owes a $520,000 for an insurance pay off after he backed out of a movie. The last pie's on. It's lawyer say he had a drug and alcohol addiction. Among his creditors, it goes on and lists lawyers into banks in this Senate. Vauer lists assets of $33,200, including a $32,000 screen actress Guild pension plan, a $200 bank account, two guitars and stereo equipment worth $700. What a shame. Good guy, but they all Johnny Depp used to be a good guy too. Remember that back into old days and Miramar. All of these people used to be good guys and all of you are jealous because they got famous and made millions of dollars. And now they're all broke either that or they're running around bust and up motel rooms, getting into big ass trouble and do lots of drugs and ruining their lives and other people's too. Had a great time on the Amanda Chool last night and found out from the real producer that Chool that was lit in a little Andy Calb that started all out to these pot-fanned crap. Andy you are seriously the biggest pain in the ass I've ever seen in my life. This kid is the most you talk about people on a power trip. Little people are almost all of them to go on power trips. They want to run a goddamn world and Andy Calb is a perfect example of that. In fact when at the winter book came out he said the film hungry said, man I had a great book. He was taking all the credit for the book. That's a little Andy. But anyway we still had a good time on that show. Managed on orders was really eyeing those two young dolphin prospects. In fact he made a comment during the break he said, boy those guys look really good. And I said how about a quick shower to cool off, man? It's quartz cork. There you go. Here's a lady in Davy. She's gone. Lady and Davy is already gone. Our first call of the day. She had the wrong advice. And she had frog advice but she's already gone. The last number that cold your line was 305-424-7548. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh That wasn't her. So, what does that mean? If that wasn't her, maybe another call came in and it uh, just hung up and that is who this person was? This old bitch. Perhaps. I'm just speculating. Oh, wow, nice. Anyway, somebody out there will have the information and he'll tell like I said, if we don't get two within 20 seconds and easily drop everything, while I can't hold on more than like that is as long as we're going to hang on. It's just not important enough to us. That's okay. Guess what you're calling that important to me either. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Good morning. Yes, sir. Listen, I'm about to problem with the Danny Bottle Foucle Frogs. Yes, I listen. I seem because I had a problem with that every time I rain They would come out from everywhere. Mothballs. Mothballs do what? You put them in the container and that'll take care of them. Bye-bye, baby. Yeah, but how do you like it? Isn't there something that's been a little bold? And you said them around the perimeter. But you're not listening to me. I'm sorry. You're you put them in a little bowl You said them out around the perimeter of what of the yard of yeah your house So in other words, if I go out and buy $4,000 worth of mothballs that'll solve the problem. No, you need about 5,000. That'll keep them away. Yeah It worked for us. Okay, okay great Okay, there's a man in a lot of pain. So that's the answer is mothballs for all you people with a poofo toast And you people with your dogs. I don't know about cats. I have no idea. Maybe cats. I don't our cats totalikers Cats don't like to get high, huh? But dogs. Very much into that and of course they become addicted to it and Especially little ones like my minpin. So like I said, I think that maybe in the next couple of weeks I'll have one dog Here's my me. Hello, hey, hey, good morning. I sure okay good two things one The guy on the mothballs. Yeah, well if it's if you find them that It's uh instead of putting them in balls, you know as far as the balls you kind of kind of spread them around You kind of powder them and just dust it. I mean, you know like not really crunchy. You dust what? Do with the boughs. You put you just put them in the areas where they're at but the problem with the one What do you mean with the areas? I have a third of it. Yeah, a third of an acre of a yard. Oh, so you got a problem. Yeah I got a problem. That's right, but the thing is also the mothballs when it rains especially the way it's been raining Yeah, they lose their effect real fast. Right. It washes all away and it's Yeah, it's a waste of money. I forget about it the thing is that I know for a fact that you can kill them with salt Just so salt on them. I've always been told chlorox Well, salt will do the trick. They'll blow up really. Yep. Oh, that sounds promising. Yeah. Yeah, see the problem with me Is I go out there and I catch you. I have a towel sitting back at a patio and they time I see one In fact, I got about six of them over the weekend You pick them up and I throw him a heave them over the fence out on the street I make sure I don't throw them over the neighbors fence because I got neighbor with a dog too Right, so I throw them out on the street because what I'll see you're gonna do with it You can't flush him down the toilet because I did that once in my house in Jack Miranda and it wound up Clock it up the whole guy damn thing Yeah, they will log they will blow up with salt them when we're little when I grow up in California Was it enough to be like kosher salt or just more in salt any kind of sea salt and regular salt just plain old salt Well, we were little we used to catch him California and put them in shoe boxes. Yeah put about four or five Crackers in there just put the lid back on with tape and Just wash and blow beauty. I tell you, but the salt will work. Okay. Thank you. I'm on my way to the store right now Okay, 751 WOD anyway, then we are over the weekend the Panthers and ounces on consumable ticket price increase Unconstitutional then of course Manages trying to say last night. He's trying to give me a song and dance about well It's still below the illegal average because he read that in the paper. It doesn't make any difference If you go back to the first season until next season They started with the seats that I've got which fortunately I don't have to pay for thirty one dollars Then last year they went to thirty eight dollars now They're gonna be forty five dollars so in two seasons They've gone from thirty one to forty five that's a fourteen dollar increase that's almost fifty percent For a team that didn't make the playoff the first two years because we got a stupid coach and And an owner that don't want to spend any money for any real players And they increase just like the same thing that happened with the heat And this is the same guy who said oh even if we have the scrap the scrap players in baseball We'll still average 16,000 people a game out there at your Robbie stadium I'll guess what I know was a rainy day yesterday with that 18,000 with the real players and their 19th loss of the seer Whatever it all was there 85th loss of the season there 400 loss whatever it all was It's only the fifth of June and they're already 75,000 games under 500 in mathematically out eliminated Speaking of the marlins by the way the most bush league thing I have ever heard next to the morning show on QA in this morning That was the most push-legged thing and Ren blue lips rumor he was the pivot man with those two kids They got with the two ten-year-old kids they got on the year What kind of a show is that rumor if you had any self-respect man You tell them to shove that damn place what a joke that is They got 10-year-old kids on there doing sports shows. Oh boy. How about the dolphin? They're gonna win this Super Bowl. I'll I tick you right anybody tick so But the most bush league thing I've ever heard in my life was from Joe Angel the most overrated everybody in his town I guess it's because Chris Moore is on a year I do in hockey and we got so many bad announces like Zimfer I don't want to mention his name But Joe Angel it was Friday night the game was just ending was it Friday or Saturday the game that they Huh the game they won was that the one they won? Did you hear it? The cops lose oh my god, and so here's the third out. I forget was a strike out whatever it Hell was and he says as usual put it in the waiting call me you know that fake Exha and then he stops and goes into this comes lose comes lose Comes lose holy cow this man wants to be John Miller so bad which quite frankly I don't know why anybody by the John Miller because he's fat and the pain in the ass It wants to be a sit down comic instead of a baseball announcer and couldn't lick a melt proctor or Chuck Thompson's ass John Miller But Joe Angel is no more than just a wannabe Joe I hope you're listening man because I know you do listen to show And so does his buddy O'Brien even when he's on the air That was to me the most bush league the most outrageous the most stupid thing I've ever heard in my life I think this guy even when he has sex with his wife or whoever it might be I think he's fake any orgasm is so fake everything he does is fake Anyway, it's 10 19 at your real station as in really obnoxious Wild Talk an entertainment radio 610 Wild Wild South Florida swears by us Or is that at us? Well really so Denise Python also want me to comment that when he heard I was gonna be on the sports crap thing with managed last night He wouldn't come on well feeling his mutual okay, a large ass fat mouth Anyway 10 22 now I don't know how many people out there. I'm not gonna get into a big hockey thing because I think new Jersey He's gonna win the whole goddamn thing now. That's very depressing because they're boring in their style I'll play ought to be banned. It's it's depressing Especially that guy I'm old cloddle a mule man. He makes me nauseous another frog But yesterday at the end of the Detroit Chicago game and unfortunately last night We didn't have that highlight on 33 But at the end of the game. I mean, there's like two and a half seconds left the game is basically over and Tony Amadi just desperately out of his own zone 160 feet just shoots it down the ice And here's this maniac Mike Vernon the goal tender for the red wings He's already you know at the end of a game when the team wins the goalie starts skating out of his crease And then he puts his arms up in the air, you know in victory and the teammates coming a kiss and they grab a little ass and whatever Well, he's like starting to do this already then at a paper this morning I'm reading he says well He didn't couldn't see it then the reached for it. Yeah, right. That's why I know that if I was a goalie And I had a one goal lead with about two seconds left in the game. I'd come way out of the crease there way out of the net to cut down the angle on a 16 foot shot right Mike you bull-craper can we say that they said the F-ord yesterday on Phil show So I guess we can say bull-crap But anyway, and so it hits the post and they showed to replay over and over again It was like 0.5 a half a second left. They would have counted if what a gun in they'd have been given him the old-vac to push If that thing would have gone in there could still be planned that was one of the most Irresponsible pieces of crap. I've ever seen in my life. Here's a lady in Margate. Hello. Hey. Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's man And he's here by okay. I want to get a tattoo that says that has SS and then my social security number on it I do want to get a tattoo Well, I have a tattoo What's why? Cause like do you enjoy defacing your body? Do you have a grotesque body? No, no, I mean I like it looks alright Yeah Nobody like some people that I know they say it would be like kill a fence What do you think it would be to offensive to do what to get like SS tattoo on my own? Yeah With my social security now, but I think it'd be like kind of why are you like a skinhead or something? Is that what this is? I can not see it all. Do you have knee boots? You have hip boots? Yeah, yeah, yeah now we're starting to get to the bottom. Oh, yeah Well, you've met me before who are you? I'm Cindy. I met you at the hockey game one time Cindy from the hockey game. Sure, I believe it. Yeah, I got like earring of my nose. I met Steven Bowerthockey game two and he just went bankrupt So I'd watch it Cindy See it probably wouldn't be the best idea to get forget about the SS to get the social security number tattooed on the thing Because then people will find out your name and they'll start using your social security number and getting into your credit card account in your bank account and oh yeah Yeah, I didn't think of that. Yeah, no, so why do you want to put it on there just to you because you have a bad memory or what? No, no, um, like a Steven like being numbered like a one like like being like an ID number. Yeah, yeah, just to You have to use it and then you want to hang around on south beach where all the Holocaust survivors are wrong Yeah, you're six, Cindy. You're sick. Oh, no, no, no, no, not really. Okay, well come on by and show it to us when you get it done Okay, it's not hard. Okay, okay, it's not something you disrespect. Yeah. I want to cause whoever stole my dog chain at the outsprin concert of flamingo Okay, Cindy. All right, thanks. See you bottoms up. We have an open line of Broward five two four nine four six three I sound like nasal again like it on a Friday. Don't have a little bit not as bad. I don't feel nasal Nothing's nothing in there. Not in there either. Here's a sunny aisle. Hello Sunny aisles. Oh, yeah, yes, sir. Hey, I thought this is the boofer. That's a frog. Yeah, okay What are we gonna do about the frogs? I put a big sign up that said frogs go home didn't work yet Well, let's spend a little bit kind of frog. You got two kind of frogs You got the French dating of frogs and you got the frog and hop around in the yard. Mm-hmm Well, both of them can be easily taken care of. Yes, do you have like a little compost area? A little compost area right? Like we throw in your fruits and vegetables to decompose not really I haven't been throwing away too many fruits or vegetables lately. Okay, well, or a pyro's leaves We could find a whole bunch of earthworms under You make rat poison with it when they go to eat Oh, yeah, that would be a real good idea with two dogs in a backyard starts Britain rat poison rather Oh, there's a dog's one eat the rat poison. They won't no if you mix it into it's a compost But worms the worms and the rat poison I'm gonna mix compost and worms in rat poison in my yard. That sounds real appetizing sure Well, the frogs love it. Yeah, we're gonna eat it. They're die. All right. All right. Thank you a lot come on over for lunch pal We have an open line of dates This is the kind of stuff that this audience sinks their teeth into baby Let's have some compost and rotten fruits and vegetables in a bunch of rat poison. All right, and let's feed that to our man has been sounds good to me And maybe the sales department like fat boy. He's always looking for a free meal If I could tell you seriously the regular listeners to this radio station would pee their pantaloonies If they could hear the a call that he made a George just before we started today We're not having no lunch in here this week between now and a Vegas trip. I know you're smiling trust me when I tell you I get on that scale in the morning now and it says tilt and little bill start going off I'm fat too. Yeah, we're all fat and fat boy that's all he wants to do is share his fat with the rest of the world Just remember one thing. I've told you for a long time fat people what they want to do is share the fat They want everybody else to be as fat or maybe even fatter than they are then they feel better about life Here's a poppin. Oh, hello, yeah, sir. I saw you on a sports rap last night and that's I was warning When you rep me and it's about the shoe on the shower. Yeah, he kind of skipped over it at the beginning when he started talking about Shuel he's like we already know how you feel about that. Yeah, let's go You know, yeah, and then of course he had Eric Reed there who's not a bad guy but just a other consummate shield You know, just a real butt sucker and you know, I mean you're never gonna get any Objectivity from manager about shuelar marina those are the two guys that managed can never be objective about because he showed with one of them a lot And I think he would like to with the other one. Yeah, it seemed like you were the only one being objective There you go. You want to truth come to me pal You want BS go to the sports guys how is he off the air is he like come on don't lay into me What no, no, he loves it. Yeah, he likes he's a good guy the boot is he go. Yeah, exactly. All right Hey, um if you got a chance today can you get that officer Prince Carnar? No problem. All right, buddy. Have a great day See you open line in day 7 5 1 Wild we have two open lines in Broward 5 2 49 463 don't forget the old passion bone tonight from eight to midnight Here on Wild that show is taken off like like hot tamales in the Tel Aviv man It's just really something I can't put my finger on it here's coconut creek hello Neil yes, sir. I need some help. Yeah, I'm here. It's in by one of those you know the RCA dishes I've been to two different stores One brand smart say oh, yeah, absolutely no problems He's I have to put it underneath the screening closure because I'm living a townhouse I went to seeers guys that's absolutely not your waist and your time Well, I'm wasting your time with what to put the dish to put the dish up because he they one guy says it won't transmit through the screen closure It's a fiberglass screen and the other guys from ransom are so I yeah no problem We do it all the time. Yeah, and they're both closely experienced You know and stars yeah, who do you believe? You know another same price I mean there's not no waiver there you have a fiberglass screen Yeah, I mean the metal screen enclosure was fiberglass panels and I have to stay underneath that I can't you know because it's a townhouse situation. I can't get a Science to go outside of it. Well, I'll wait always for somebody to call in But I just my feeling is about the small dish. I just can't see how Based on what happens when a rain's real heavy which you went out for about four minutes on Saturday I don't think it would do the transmit. I think they're right the other that was really question I have But but again, you know I don't see why somebody would want a cellity because they're gonna win solid and if they're gonna win solid You know you're gonna be sitting there and watching them when they to when they find tune it in and get you the picture And if there's no picture what would be there? What would what motivation would they have to put it in if you're not gonna get a picture Right, he's not gonna write in the chat with anyone Right exactly Yeah, I pretty I hope to be does call in I really want to you know I want to give the setup for you know football season all that right and the other thing you mentioned You just brushed on two is the rain Is that up that is a bigger big factor? Well, it's not a big factor I would say over the entire weekend as much as I watched it it went out on Saturday morning for about three or four minutes Saturday about 10 25 in a morning when it really started when it just started coming down all hell broke loose It went out for three or four minutes and that was it and just as searching for signal on the screen goes blank and it came back on again Okay, and as much as a rain dollar rest of the weekend, I never never lost a picture again All right, you're the greatest Okay, I'm I see you so if anybody out there's got a the small dish if they got a little one And it's they got a screen in front of it and the picture is coming through or not coming through or maybe they just have a little one near upset about it We have an open line in date 75 one one on a purple line at pound iod its 1031 at wio d 610 wio d if your neighbors don't complain You don't have it turned up loud enough Great Kirby looks like a sober man running after a bug right there There to pass you do your best working And everybody who's anybody has won him at some point in their life There cocky Do your best work in cocky available at the crack Okay 1035 and wio d happy Monday to you and what can I tell you man? It's just gonna be we got a week and a half to go to Vegas That's the one thing that really keeps my adrenaline flowing and keeps me going I do a rickie was talking about this morning I do have a big drawer full No, not a drawer full of that. I have a drawer full of tickets plain tickets for here and for there and for all of the goddamn world And that's you know you look ahead and you keep looking at the counter oh it's only like 25 days till here and 10 days until there and Pretty sad commentary, but that's the way it is it's nice and warm, but then when it rains you say well this ain't so great after all You know what I'm saying? Here is a candle hello Good morning, Neil. What is this? How are you sir? Great good. I came upon a situation that can take care of your boo-foo frogs in a second Okay My dog used to dig out of my yard. I put up a final shock fence I have fried boo-foo toes on this thing daily Really? Oh, yeah. I did this just keep my dog in the yard. I used the four inch quarter inch mesh going all the way around the perimeter my back property I don't know if you have a wood fence Yeah, I have a big wood fence What I did is I attach it to the wood fence all the way around the perimeter and when the frog keep it about it in chop the ground Right, what's the job to go underneath the fence? They hit it you have fried boo-foo daily beauty I'm telling you it works and if you want to cook it But doing a favor don't touch it The supper will go in your heart too It's a it really does shock to you know what out of you what do you mean by that? Well, what I'm saying is you know It's to keep the dogs in and once they touch it it's all you mean don't touch the thing. I see what you're saying That's what I'm saying you touch that because I touch it myself and what about if the dog's touch it You want to see a double back flip all right I'm going to get ready for some excitement sweetheart. There you go all right All right, thank you. See you back there you go How about a little a fried min pin and a little fried boo-foo for lunch, yeah? We have an open line in date 751 two and Howard so when I'm getting back to the thing with the panthers You know I'll go because I get my tickets for free so what tell the walk here? And I guess if I was paying I would go to because I'm big enough of a fan and there's nothing else to do in this town But you know here's this big soft story Esther and Blade Runner girl She sends me this fact she says as opposed you haven't seen this yet Which I haven't PS go red wing she says So that's right. I forgot about her Steve Izeman crush And here's the letter dear Esther We want to express our sincere thanks for the undying support you have demonstrated over the past two seasons Your quick acceptance of our franchise has been remarkable and an our opinion makes you one of the most supportive groups Esther is a group I know she's a little chunky, but what does that mean in the entire NHL? Oh, I see they're talking about the fans as a group Through your commitment you've helped the panthers fill Miami rain to 97% of its capacity That's the good news now. Here's the bad news And I still say what I said on sports crap last night that that whole thing about threatening You know we're gonna pick up and move if you don't build us in a rain and say that was just a little game plan Little psychology there to soften you people up for the fact that guess what we're gooseen the prices up again The good news is hey, we're staying here. We ain't got a commitment to keep your hockey team You're gonna keep them but the bad news is you're gonna pay through the hose baby And the letter goes on to say however the unfortunate reality is the fact that even when we fill the house We still fall away short of breaking even financially and Wayne's only worth 900 million this year To be perfectly candid our operating cash losses a year ago were four million and this past season will reach seven million Even while reducing our non-team operating expenses by five percent And it goes on about the a small seating capacity and the TV revenue is very limited And who the hell wants to see Denise Poth van talking crap anyway and Yadiyada yadiyada and therefore All the above facts only underscore our desperate need for a new facility a facility in which the Panthers can equitably share an all-arevenous streams and one which has a larger seating capacity club seats Sweets by babba at that time only then will be more successful on holding down ticket increases Now, there's when we build it we're not gonna give you no money back and cut the prices back But we'll be holding down future increases and you won't have to pay more than a hundred bucks to sit in the upper deck However, until we do play in a new facility in a zhar objective Continue making your visit to the arena very enjoyable experience Accept reading that trash food We'll continue our efforts to improve our on ice product as we build a team which will continue to hustle and put it all on the line for you Each and every night babba babba dd Signed built to rein dean Jordan president and the vice president of bull crap So there you go and like I said, you know, it's gonna be interesting to see how much resistance There's gonna be and if enough people stop buying I don't I don't know it's hard to say It's hard to say I say if they fire Roger Nielsen's ass and they send a couple of real players that might More than compensate for that offset the crappy ticket prices But we'll see if that's gonna happen because I have my doubts. Here's the curl springs. Hello. Meal. How you doing? Okay? The way you get rid of a frog is right after rings when it's nice and wet you hop on your lawn mower and you just mulch them all up And if that doesn't get rid of him all you just have 15% to the tap and risk to the frog's and leave too Okay Hop on it is what he said. Yeah, I'm hopping on my lawn mower right now, baby I'm riding it this afternoon. I'm gonna ride it all over the goddamn place and the lawn mower too How do you like that you jackass? All the Broward lines just open up there actually I thought we were gonna have a show here I really had my doubts when I sat down based on what I heard on the on the worst team this morning And then why so on ricks foam which look like somebody dank the cord and the phone too But now I have my doubts five two four nine four six three five two four Wiod in Broward County this morning is anybody out there is there anybody who's not at the saw grass Is there anybody out there who also thinks that the ice cream at hog and does his two watery and the saw grass mall and something ought to be done about it like right now They have what those that flavor that I really like preleam something or other Oh, no, it's macadamia not oh man, do I love that and I've had that there a couple of times and it's watery you can actually see like the liquid I'm not talking about when it starts melting which I do like that But I'm talking about when they put it right in the cup out of the big thing You can see the liquid it's it's watery. It's like somebody is watering that baby down man And when you think of hog and does you don't think of water. I wonder what Nicole thought about it See if you would only gone to hog and does instead of Ben and Jerry's that bitch might be alive right now Here's a mobile and four lotterdale hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. You haven't looked that good on TV since the days of channel 51 Yeah, only this is at a time when a few people were awake. I hope you wouldn't believe how many people We're up at three o'clock in the morning watching you there when on TV one off yeah Five or six Watching the four-note movie with the squiggly line right and it's right On an unrelated note have you seen that still on movie the specialists know I have not nor would I ever under any circumstance Good, why is that a preda has a giant rolling that movie? Yeah, well, I'm happy for you about I'm happy I'm happy for him, but I would not see a movie would slice the loners. Oh I mean it was a terrible movie by the way. I just watching captain Well, I don't I didn't need to see Capri in the movie. I've seen him enough You know like in real life, and I'm sure he'll be back here in in a couple of months with this tail between his legs What did I quit that job? Why did I do it when I did pretty good actually? Most movies he has like that ten second cameo part. Yeah, and in this one he was in it for almost the entire movie great So let's keep our fingers crawling. I know somebody in Hollywood It's making a few bucks because my other buddy just went bankrupt here So at least I got somebody to fall back Okay, well now you're on your way on. Okay, good luck. Thanks a lot, Pally. I'm on my way How come I it's okay for me to be on sports crab? Oh, by the way, this chair is about to fall apart I've just heard something in this thing. It sounds not too exciting George all our chairs are like on the floor Let's bring fat boy and for one final blast Come on boy. Here we go boy Two upper lines in one in Broward 524 in the green line 1-800-944-494-63. Yeah, how come it's okay that I'm on sports crab and I'm palatable on there And I can talk a little trash on there about the managed jar and with shula that's okay But on the radio here, it's like, oh, he's he's disgusting, you know He's just way over the line. We can't we just can't sell that show We can't put him on here. He's filthy and grotesque and disgusting and everybody wants him off here But on TV he would be great George What are you looking at me like that? No, it is true. It is true. I should be on television There's no question about that. This is a waste of time Being on radio. I know with all the respect to our loyal audience all 40 of you who are left You know, it's been a nice run for yeah, right But television is where it's at because you're reaching people even by accident I guarantee a more people were watching at sports crab show last night just by accident just because it's on their TV set Then we'll ever listen to this radio station in a million years of Tuesdays. It's just it's just the way it is and you know It's probably not a smart thing to say because we're competing with the TV people for revenue But I've said it for years and it's true television is a goddamn awesome powerful force That's brainwashed and manipulated the minds of millions from coast to coast and practically destroyed our whole god the goddamn society So why should I be part of it and having fun and profit from it? Here's my me on the and you know Andy came into apologize this morning They have a little they had a few technical problems last night and they better butcher up their act If they want me to come back on at them thing again, that's a real that's a that's a real two that thing about the knees pot fan That if I'm on here, he wouldn't come on there You know why he wouldn't come on here because I'd embarrassed to live and crap out of that piece of direct. That's why Because I'd make a jackass out of that monkey which usually does a pretty good job of himself There's another guy these color analyst man all these x-jocks I want to talk about that last night, but we didn't have the time all these x-jocks course in all managed Might get a little up tight about that, but we make an exception for him because he's after all a professional, right? But setting him aside All these guy John Davidson who's got a garbage mouth who never stops talking pop pop pop pop And I know it's yesterday. He was like oh And that is the dentist's a vard you got to puck off the back of the net there because you don't want the face off and you're own it He should have flipped the oh wait him excuse me the face off his outside the blue line That's right the red one shot it in He just has to compulsively keep talking and talking and whoever's doing to play by play working with guys like that You know you want to send him a sympathy card Because these guys really these big bomb bastic egotistical assholes like Bill Clement and John Davidson and Denise Poth van they think we tune in to hear their bullcraft to hear that oh Here's the hall of flamer. Yeah big deal. So you know, what does that mean? I'm not impressed okay the guy was great 20 years ago. He was a player and he's in our ticket and a jackass and a butt sucker to top it all off And we'll never tell you the guy damn truth because he's a shield Right rimman. Oh, sorry. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello Yes, sir I just want to let you know that comment or expressway is absolutely dead Let's love the road Stop and I went around Came in my own dairy and there's no traffic coming through on the south outside It's it's oil clogged It actually is okay. Thanks Not getting new phone too, by the way. Okay, the palm at a what probably here that I'm traffic at about three or four hours after they clear it out We do have an open line. It's in the purple line. So you know one pound I OD are we gonna hear from? I don't you know something I don't think they're really are that many small dishes out there in this town anyway Well, I would have thought that as soon as those things hit the market I would have thought that they would be hotter than hollow-of-on south beach. I mean, you know Here's an opportunity to say to kiss your cable company goodbye If you could see the crappy picture that they got on the cable in my mother's house and it turns out that it is TCI used to be store is now TCI you people ought to be shot Not just keep increasing the prices but to be charging anything for delivering a picture You could take a goddamn coat hanger and stick it out the window and get a better picture than what they're delivering the end the same in my house Continental Grave robbers Here's where we going. Hi, Alia. Hello. You're me over. Yes, sir. I just gonna question for you I don't know if you mentioned it or I can barely hear you Okay, there's one oh three point five radio station in that state. I don't know They say they're they're just sending a message with a heartbeat saying that they're gonna improve the whole thing and yeah Just recording the whole thing right you think don't bring Ron around Do I think they're gonna put Ron and Ron on here? Yeah, well, that's something to think about Could be but no one want to cheap out for that is I have my doubts Yeah, it's just the whole recording the whole thing nothing no music Don't nothing on other it's they're not even they're just running it can's constantly. Yeah. Oh my god Give me our breath a heartbeat. They're just beating it, huh? There you go boy. It's gonna be bloody by 103 Okay, well listen keep less than I went and when it comes out 103 I want to report okay? Okay, you took it out, man. Thanks. All right We all have an open line in date now who's he working for is that tonight we use this sun and law? Open line in date 75 one one and Broward five two four so probably our friend Mitch Lewis will be out There may be even bring it back here For things have never been the same it kind of wrecked our whole damn production thing. Brack him hell It damn their kilnum when he left here The great Mitch Lewis who actually was creative and came up with some real interesting stuff for us We don't want nobody like him here and we sure don't want nobody like Larry best little minds his own business and does a good job in there Just this it's in there We don't like guys like that we like people who Who would like fat boy that caused a lot of problems and eat a lot of meals. Anyway it's 10 48 at Wild This is the beat of a heart the beat of a major programming move will be made this afternoon at 2 on 16 W-I-O-D The way the greatest TV spots big and a TV in the history of mankind of you seeing the new grape poop on spot Great poop on moustard you haven't seen that so anyway here's this very distinguished looking gentleman with a big Soot and a whole deal on in the back of a limousine, okay? And he's got a Squeeze bottle a plastic squeeze bottle of grape poop on and it's almost down to the end and he's squeezing it I don't even know what he's squeezing in a hot dog or whatever it's he's eating and he's squeezing the last bit of this grape poop on and it goes Like that The limo driver turns around and gives him a real sour look and he says oh Excuse me. It's just You had to be there. I got a great idea since they're doing the fart beat all day In honor of our new our big programming move at 2 o'clock this afternoon How's that three hours? All right? It's a fart beat. I thought you I would Guess we can count filling on another one of those people that found out about a program change on the race Are you sure? I think so that's what it sounds like to me So he called you just now? He was very squirrely on the hotline there just now. Yeah, you know when you when you numbers down to a three two Man, I mean you're a great talent But that stuff wears out after while with a voices and the whole stick, you know you used to be great then Then when he had the guy the i95 asshole guy and said the effort on here the other day that you know We're gonna miss him around here. He's a hell of a guy in the smokes hell of a chain thing Chilling fence but other than that he doesn't know about it. How that's bad He's put him in the same category with David gravy line, but see don't worry cuz he came back So big changes baby we're gonna have fire some big ones this afternoon at 2 o'clock Here's the Miami lake. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Are you supposed to be on Sunday? You're best of Neil tape I have you're asking me I haven't we got any idea Well, I have a spiral port then yes, I want to say the Chris bigger really sucks No kidding. Okay. He made your bulletin here. We go. He really sucks. Okay. Um Gary Burbank was on Neil Oh, you know something I heard it grave line. I heard I heard 30 seconds yesterday have never heard of me for Doing a spoof on lardass limbo. I take back what I said before was the worst radio I've ever heard in my life There are seconds as way too long. You like you hack it. He's almost as bad as the bitch in the night Gary Burbank. Hey, doing a rush live ball take. Oh, it was it was a transient with like a 10 year old kid playing radio In his basement. A really sucks. And um It's still definitely going to leave It's still going to leave. Yeah, you said at two o'clock. I said we have big changes at two o'clock The next thing you're not going to be there might be his pantalones you'll have to stay tuned palish Keep you on a hook stay tuned sweetheart. Yeah, but wait a second anyway it's 1053 at Wild We have an open line in date 7519463 we're going to have a Big one at 205 baby Well, why don't we just have a big one at 610 Cuz the mad dog's going to be in here for a default who's out there doing the uh and by the way I hate to say this I know you're gonna I'm not jumping on the bandwagon. I'm not a hurricane fan I did broadcasted baseball for many many years But the canes and I have kind of had a fall like a falling of the ways the whole damn university and other can kiss my ass But I did see the last three and exactly the hockey game yesterday I saw the last three and things of the world serious game FSU and they canes and They looked really good to me those canes. They looked and they played pretty good too JD RT guys that is named George the guy the kid who pitched the hole. What do you tell laughing about you're supposed to know these things? He's some kind of Julio In fact everybody got in our team they got Gomez they got uh and then they got bucks bomb They got a Jewish kid on there with a bunch of Julios. I don't know what that's all about But that kid pitched himself. I hell of a game. And then the eighth inning if FSU hits these three line shots The last one of which a wicked drive up the middle he closes his eyes Reaches out the glove and stabs that baby in a ball too And that was it and a poor kid from FSU. He looked like huh like what was that? What is that? Is this a joke or what are we on candid camera But they look pretty damn good. I think the okay ones are gonna win a college world series this year and of course Then I'll jump back on a bandwagon like I'll arrest you phones here's Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir. How you doing pretty good? Let me tell you something right now. Still handy Lucky he's not laying in a cemetery. He's nowhere after what he did Saturday boy yeah You're happy right no, I did not because I took him to the hospital and everything he collect all you mean a colder Yeah, you're kidding me. No, what a jackass this guy's older than molasses He's trying to become a teenager again. He went out there and ran in that 220 He ran into 220 and he collapsed during warm-up. He had trouble breathing slate took him to the hospital He collapsed during warm-ups Sounds like the horses I bet on it. Pompano. It's a project and you're anything about it. Nothing about it. Well, you ask around here You'll find out he's a hospital Saturday night. Phil Henry was in a hospital. That's what they told every plan the radio Now is this a put on or is this for real? See when I'm on the game you never know I know Boe can't We're broken during a show and says someone else. Oh, yeah, see another put on a spoof. There you can get you again, man You're doing it. Okay, see you So that's the deal. I kind of believe that lots of good way of getting out of it, you know Cuz he didn't want to do it at her name Friday trying to pull a scan there on colder and get some kid to go out there and You know put on a t-shirt that's an arm-fill Henry or what and do the thing which is a smart way of doing it Oh, here we go. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Do you have an exact address for the house development you were talking about Friday on West Browner? Yes, man. 1 7 3 6 8 1 7 3 6 8 West Griffin Road West Griffin Road in Davy In Davy. No, do you get the directions that I get there? Yeah, but they told me there when you hit 27 to go south I mean, yeah, that's right. They told me take Griffin West and on 27 goes south. Go south Yeah, so they said they turned on 27 and no, no, no, when you get to the end of Griffin Road is where it hits 27 Maybe maybe what they met is you go south. It's like because it's like about a half a block right off of Griffin Where the road ends As far in other words, you take Griffin as far west as you can go Well Griffin as far as west as you can go is a lot further than 1 7 3 6 8 because they go to over 200 and something No, no, I said 1 1 7 6 8 3 West Griffin Road No, you did not say that you say 1 7 3 6 8. No, no, well, maybe I may maybe I'm a spoke 1 1 7 3 6 8 1 1 7 3 6 8 right What Griffin right Okay, it's pretty simple. You just go west and as far as if go right to the end You can't miss it. You'll see the big signs Can we look for it? Can we look for it today? Yeah, about what time about what time can we expect you? Later on okay All right, see you then okay, so what and tell me the number again 1 1 7 8 3 6 8 you giving me different numbers every time what is it? Can you giving me different numbers every time okay? What number have you got written down? First you give me 1 3 7 6 8 no, I didn't know I did not I did not I did not To be six if you got a phone problem. I never said three there was never a three and add number No, I don't have a phone All right never mind no wait a minute. I guess those things in that real then what is that? Now you're gonna bring your own depends aren't you? Yeah, right because we do we do serve a nice lunch. We have a nice buffet All right and some great fresh squeezed apple juice straight from the the cow piles of Davy Really, yeah, we'll see you about 2 30. Okay. Okay. Bye bye. Bye bye. We have an open line in date 7 he ought to be in a hospital this man Yeah, but let me say something first. Let me say something Open line in date 75 one one on a purple line at pound iod here's Margate. Hello Hey, no, yes, sir. I've been holding for so long the phone that is I and you're leech dropped it. Yeah, you know you can hear the delay in the radio on a phone also What do you mean here the delay all I can hear you and then like seven seconds later I can hear the same conversation again you mean like way distant in the back. Yeah, that's probably the phone company screw in a side Probably well listen to I was on driving in the car saying I heard the other hurricane game on radio Who's doing that who was doing the cans game the forest that was sunny and the default yeah, well the forest it's a good thing He made it he was doing it on a Sunday because of the religious panatic. Everybody said they would have been making phone calls like crazy What he say he was talking about the home play on pires and he said the day before the empire had a real double strike zone and Yes, they said He said this guy's gonna strike zone tighter than the virgin Mary No, I swear to God Jeff the force made a comment like that He certainly did tighter than the virgin Mary said that on 610 Wild My mouth the god's there. I can't believe it. That's your Mary counter Wow, did nice He's you I saw you you know you can That's sunny both okay never send a pair of Jews to Tomahawk Thanks for the good news bank. Yeah, okay good so we had the field at the effort with a guy from the asshole So I'm gonna weekend for also went into hospital and collapsed and W Use talking entertainment radio six-tier Wild presents the Neil Rogers show to talk with Neil call 751 Wild in date 524 Wild in Broward outside the 305 area code. It's toll free 1 800 944 Wild and say the one customers can call pound IOD at no charge Now the Neil Rogers show a news talking entertainment radio 16 Wild Just keep praying baby. That's the answer somebody facts me this great article faith keeps man from saving self Salesman stars and dies waiting for God's help. Oh Agnes oregon When do wit finally got stuck in a snow last fall trying to drive the back roads over the Clameth mountains he put his faith in God and waited with a patience of Joe for somebody to rescue him For nine weeks he said in the cab of the pickup check today's off the counter in his salesman's day planner And wrote a stack of letters in an eat-hand on a legal pad and to his two sons his fiance and his boss If he had stepped out of the truck and followed the road back around a corner he soon would have found clear pavement leading down the mountain to safety Last month some teenagers who got stuck themselves discovered Philly star to death in his pickup The people who live in this rugged country couldn't believe he'd just sat there like some dumbass for so long The snow never stays on that road, but right there says Glenn Carpenter of Gold Beach who dug Philly's pickup out of five feet to snow with a front end loader on May 22 before going on to open the road for the season Depending on the weather, finally 56 could have had a few hundred yards or a few miles of snow to walk through before reaching pavement But there was no sign he ever left the truck. I have no control over my life. It's all in his hands He wrote his will be done Finally wrote his boss and one of the letters found with his body Death here in another month or so or he sends someone to save me yet knowing his will I'm at peace and his grace will prevail If I'm to save if what is it if I'm saved to finish my life here Please know I'll always be thankful to you and rain your servant if not I'll see you in glory Anyway, I'm not saying it in glory whole Anyway after finally vanished his boss Next sealer owner of S&S camper sent him out another man to search form deputies in Kusbe is last up sent up a helicopter Meanwhile, finally accepted his fate writing calmly to sealer the most wonderful thing out of this ordeal has been the never ending fellowship with a lord he wrote I have an eating since noon of November 14 And I feel great I'm in good spirits. I'm in good spirits. Oh, you said I've never known such fellowship nor how his plan for man can be a love for us beyond all things Finally kept crossing off the days on this counter till January 19 It was a senseless death said Jim Kelly of the forest service That's what so sad about it the good lord didn't take care of me Okay, so 1109 at WI would do we have two open lines in Broward 524 and that purple line at pound iod Don't forget to look like this after no major development here's Miami hello Hey, Neil yes, sir. Yeah, long time listener over a year in first time call or all right I was down in Summer Linkie from Memorial Day I just haven't been bring my radio down for the alarm clock or go fishing in tomorrow and now it's picking you guys up clear as a bell That's what about 20 miles from QS Wow, yes long way for WI Odees That's a hail of a long way But it was only in a morning I couldn't get your show any afternoon must have been something to do with the airwaves early Now when my show comes on a like pee on the tower and they may they cut a way down Yeah, they don't want to offend anybody on area Anyway, an honor of the Marlin's fantastic start and wings and set and proud price gauging Gouging I should say good yeah, that too. I want to do a give you some lyrics for taking me out to the ball game for Wayne Okay, goes like this Me off at the ball game rip me off at the park Buy me some peanuts and crack or jacks then mortgage the house just to pay the state tax and it's Gow it's Gowd Wayne I think Gee if you don't get in arena who cares. Yeah, does this one two three grand were out at the old Ball game Thank you, but beautiful. All right here. Yeah, okay, Sally that's it have a great life You too now see up Open line in date 751 Wild to and Broward five two four nine four six three no panther fans out there Got any comment about the in just totally unacceptable Unconcentable increase in the ticket prices because maybe we don't have no panther fans left or maybe they just don't give a crap about anything like everything else And that first hour all those calls that we had all seven arrayed of them about the bufotoads Absolutely nothing nothing of any use nothing of any value I'll get about $2 million worth of moth balls and spread them all around that of course the renal wash them away All though it don't rain that much this time of the year right right And then the poor guy that called about his RCA about the DSS about his satellite dish used to be once upon a time man when we had an audience You could call an axe about just about any goddamn thing out of the sun and within a heartbeat. Oh, sorry Within a matter of moment when we're all listening to the heartbeat on she now All the old people should turn on FM 103 point There it is just to know that you're still alive or fairly close to it, okay? Just the sound of the heartbeat is reassuring to me up here in Samarac Open line of Broward 524 beat this and let's go to a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah, first time calling me All right, yeah, I love the station, but I'm gonna tell you now. Yeah, you'll be talking crap about my dolphin The dog will be a force to be wrecking with you. I'll be talking about what? Talk crap about the dolphin. Meaning what what crap did I say about the guy never said the dolphins would suck anything already buddy Think of the one No chance no chance you're dreaming man. I'll put you 50 grand on that right now Come on down here to the cash and let's see it put it up front All right, they got a key for the crap. I get you all with almost key with there you go Okay, pal. I like you okay? All right, okay, I'm a real life go paths Okay, no, what does this say you get the bucket junior? What is this sex talk radio heats up the airways? Oh, this isn't about what's your name is it? By Kevin Cook Melissa ethridge counting crows some off-breathing sports talk. What kind of an article is that? It's sex talk radio writing barebutt to rescue America's ears from the same old did-al radio Designed to keep you in the ratings up all night Erin summers. Oh, she's cool look at this this isn't article about the sex bitch. How do you like that in media? I don't know what the hell magazine is this is media something a brother is that the name of the see people facts me stuff And I never know what the odds from this must be the media column from some guy damn magazine, but we don't know what it is Erin summers for making that old penis taste a little bit better Sarah go to the grocery and get one of those plastic honey bears Put that honey right on your man. It's gonna make everything sweeter Sarah Summers regarding the taste of semen there is nothing wrong with spitting out that's your choice and remember that as a woman Sarah and Sarah goes he and that's basically it Beautiful man this bitch is getting more press cheese on cheese on TV. She's on radio. She's on billboards She's in the newspaper. She's up your uh everywhere Yes, has it got a picture of her posts in there And look at the picture it does have Which I can't make out because it's a facts. I don't know exactly what that is sitting next to the radio But there's the radio with the With the waves blasting out of the radio and it says ear gazzams the new trend in oral sex Scourge court oral a u r a l isn't that clever I bet it took them seven years and 45 writers to come up with that and Jay Lino Alternative is going to be the new format for she Alternative crock Mission art gars are where the ones blown out Mitch Lewis and art gars are got blown out the new format is a alternative crock Which is basically what they've been anyway is it supposedly No Hard rock yeah, I have it listen to she well wait a minute what do you mean a OR? Sorry the EBS things going off um yeah the men's data have been like identical for the past few months All right, I have a listen to she probably in like three years at least So they've been doing the same like classic crock is that what they're doing? Yeah the classic crock and like the long-here stringy-haired metal rock and Just really crappy that's why their numbers took a dive the end so what are they gonna do now? Probably like the alternative rock like more new rock You know two links nails yeah stuff like that. Yeah, okay So they got two inches coming for you 103 on she baby. That's good So in other words, it's not gonna be Ron and Ron I know what they're not gonna spend the mind to put those guys on in a morning after all how it's got to have a free ride We don't want to put no Ron and Ron back on and get back two or three points of the audience Here's the Miami hello It's gonna be Herman like being in shape and on cheese You wish This was one of these able yeah open line and date 751 Oh God Here's Miami hello Uncle Neil yes sir Have been seeing you how you been okay Competing okay Pasa first time. I saw sports rap for the first time. Yes, incredible. I would have thought I had a million calls about this in man You were great on air last night when we're dying about you should be on air should be your goddamn show How was great I had a chance to say anything. I would have really been great and if we had any kind of technical assistance there We had you know, they're sure their idea of showing like replace the stuff is they just they can't stop and start things I mean are bunch of nice guys there in a control room at 33 but they just they haven't like all together And they just run it and you know what I'm saying? Oh, but the whole set of it looked like like amateur set of I mean not a professionally done show That's right I think man it's just doing on air It was amazing of all the people you were the only non regular sports catcher there right that was amazing Finally getting a chance to go to Vegas this weekend. Yes first time can you recommend a good restaurant? Yeah, there's there's there's this tremendous Carl listen to me Carl's junior Okay, oh wait a vegetarian since I was there they have a great salad bar in fact when you drive up to the window You hear a little voice in get the honey It's a beautiful thing man Okay, right our name on a wall out there and we'll be right on your heels Yes, don't frankle free and Uncle chopper and Francisco Franco okay pal see a plunger brain set There's a guy in his way to Vegas like we will play I think now by the way I hate to you know start asking for particulars and I know fat boy See nothing's gonna change here. They can have all the meetings they want they can put out all the memos They want nothing's ever gonna change here because they don't care about it If there was gonna change we'd have more than one spot this hour But you know what do we what are we really talking about is the fact that we we need a little information for example We went and ate its shells in Sunrise on Saturday had dinner there with shells and I you know I'm thinking to myself Well they'll go at five o'clock because they open at five because I haven't been in shells in a long time I'm they got to put them on the map into first place years ago and so we drive up there in a place is packed Packed and I look on the door and they're open continuously from 11 30 in a morning for lunch until whenever they close at night I didn't know that I'm doing spots form. I didn't know nothing about it because I have no information Truiser trot That's that's his account. Truiser trot and It's the same with everything else that goes on here. Yeah, but you know the talent doesn't service there You guys just don't take care of our clients the way they do the way fat hank does when it goes gets all those free meals That's right. We can't eat quite that much But I mean what are we we we talking about that we don't have any information like the trip to Vegas We're leaving six 30. I don't know whether we still got those six tickets left or not six seats I don't know what time we're coming back. Do you know what time we're leaving on Sunday? I've never I've never been appraised of that Of all time we're leaving Vegas and gonna get back to for Loderdale on Sunday evening night whenever it's anything nothing I know nothing And this again fat boy is down there busy with a guy who doesn't spend one dime on his radio station It was the biggest nor or at least one of them was ever come down the pike and do we want free launch from this guy? Well, he's down there probably just just shoveling crap down his post and food too And No no involvement whatsoever none anyone none so Rick Alperman and I'm gonna say it again the sheet that he handed out that computerized sheet with the all the business on there this morning I'd be embarrassed I'd be humiliated to put that thing out I would leave town first before I put that in anybody's hands and the sheet too That's in playboy by the way that article about Aaron. It's in playboy the media column by Kevin Cook is in playboy magazine Aaron Summers the passion bitches in there You've got it like I said she is bigger than god damn Mary Tyler Moore. I just can't stand that so lot here's the West Palm Beach hello. Hey. Yeah About all these people that keep shoveling down food so we just like Tell them there are people starving in Europe or do you think that make him hungry or Let's go to Miami. Hello Oh, yeah, yes You my bitch You my bag All lines in date wide open 7519463 751 WIO day This is your automatic call back service the number of your last incoming call was 3 0 5 7 7 0 1 7 4 1 3 0 5 We're sorry the number of your last incoming call cannot be called back Please hang up. Oh, we can't we can't call back 7 70 17 4 1 I don't get it. Do you understand that that doesn't make any sense to me Thank you for calling Cisco food services of South Florida if you're calling from a push button phone and you know your party's extension Press 9 in the extension at any time during this message All right, I would like to speak to someone in customer service press 9 5 0 4 If you would like a specific department Please press the single digit one from merchandising To for exporting cruise ships three for frozen and cooler receiving for for drive receiving Five for credit six for account Okay, have a nice day sweetheart. We have an open line in date 751 one in Broward 5 2 49463 5 2 4 bitch Here's a lady in Boca. Hello Yes, man. I got a couple of hockey questions for you. Yeah, I got my panthers invoice 15,000 something for eight season tickets So it's a little steep and I also have a question about the Detroit Red Wing what is the deal with the octopus? You know, do I have to keep telling the story? Just got through telling us to around Friday. I wasn't here for a day I got a guy in a fish market 1952. Okay, the back in those days there was only six teams in league, okay? It used to take eight games to win a Stanley Cup. There was only two rounds in a playoff So eight wins you want to Stanley Cup So he got a real clever idea because the octopus has eight testicle attendacles He figured he would take one of the game and you know if they won they would toss it out on the ice and it will represent The eight games that it takes to win a Stanley Cup and a caught cut on and you got a bunch of fishy People in Detroit. I got it. That's what it stands for. That's all I needed to now. Okay. Have a nice day. See ya Two open lines in day 751 is there anybody out there who knows anything about the DS says about anything except going to the Saga restaurant hanging out to the goddamn food court. No, okay, and two open lines in Broward five two four nine four six three They don't know about the buffet toast. They don't know about the DS says what did they do know about huh? Except maybe try to free load which by the way I noticed Rick is back on that band Why again back on that jag again this morning? I'm not doing it. I'll let all the other shows be the ones that dispense you all Good freebies. I'm not doing it. I gave you a trip to Vegas. I gave you a trip to Buffalo to see the dolphins Which turn every time we give it anything away. It's turned into way an unmedicated disaster Just like given away those damn adult movies with I mean that part of it wasn't a disaster it was who we had to deal with who by the way left his card on the thing here this morning That was the one of the first things I saw when I walked in here was the card from that pudwacker She I don't end it and by the way that's listed on his list hooting subtract that Here's Miami on a purple line hello No, yes sir first time caller I'm still you one okay. I told Belle self-sustic good. It sounds great to me for your frog Problem. Yes get a floating duck in your pool. I have a floating duck It doesn't do the trick. Well what would do is that a good a do? Oh? There are afraid of ducks apparently well they're not afraid of this one evidently. Oh, you know the thing with the mothballs I've got a question about that when you smell a mothballs Do you hold them by the wings or by the legs? I'll work on it man. Goodbye. See you. That's cute. That was kind of cute They're saying what what is it now well? Why was so funny about that? I don't know Two open lines it did seven five one. We have an open line on the purple line pound I would be in one on a blue line in Broward five two four we don't give a crap about the prices weighing raised into a hundred dollars a ticket We don't give a crap in fact. We'll just show up there so we need that great food Speaking of great food what were getting for lunch here today? What are you smoking about fatso? Well, I don't want that stuff from that other place. I mean that guys nothing but a free loader There's nothing worse man than people that try to exploit and use you for fun and profit and drain every ounce every ounce of energy out of your body I still say man if we could just if we could find a place that had something that was good and not loaded with cheese and fat and Stuff we'd be way ahead of the game. We'd have it licked By the way, if there's any if there's any punks out there living the acres that like like in toads Come on by and I'll be tossing them out and seriously just drive on by and I'll toss them over to fence Might as well put them to some good use That's what I've been told so What are we getting here come on real quick come up with some some ideas something really good something tasty something delicious something Suck you into putting our mouths just something to pass the fire. I'm still open. What is that the 18 carat farmers market in juice bars. Oh, are you crazy? Is that the place that brought us all that stuff that had Menor on it Don't you remember that they brought us a bunch of stuff that had like menor on it I must have missed out I'm serious Okay, never forget about that. El Paso here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Neil yes, sir. How you doing good? Last night did you happen to watch that show the right verdict? No, I didn't watch it because that was on television My substance sports raffle romantic class Multi media super we only had about three people in all audience who saw it or who have but they're to comment about it I hate that happened This show you woulda liked last night. There was about Bishop that was like soliciting money from people after he heard their confession father or tool Exactly on top of that he had another you a seven an argument and one of the priests went to put his his hand Is shoulder to like comment down yeah, and he said hey, I'm not one of your alter boys. Oh, I love it You know it was I was shocked because I'd never seen the show before and that was the first Exposure to it is a pretty interesting script They had a good time. What show was it? It's called the right verdict it's on where what's her name used to be murder? She bloated or whatever it is What do you mean where she used to be she's off? Well, I think they're off like There's supposed to be change and when she's on she's like really pissed off about it Yeah, I think this guy let me just say this anybody that watched that show murder she wrote should be murdered I'll tell you that right now that could have been the worst show in the history of TV It made my mother the car look like I'm the best. That's how bad that show was unfortunately It's gonna probably still be on some other time. Oh, oh, look pretty It was pretty good. I mean if they're gonna take somebody tell Angel a land's brace He's been dead for 20 years already get the pain over Exactly, okay. Thanks for the help of the say hi to your buddy cleft the a full man. He's one of my customers. Oh, God We get to see his smile little Faith every once in a while. I extend my deepest simply exactly haven't rate life pal. You too Open line of Broward 5249. Yeah, pull the pull this cliff Or just go fall off a one. Yeah. I thought that once I got those malluka trees down there that I wouldn't have all that Mung and crap in my pool anymore. I think that my pool filter is a piece of crap is what I think there's still plenty of garbage in there If I had a good pool filter would just suck those boofos right through there. No problem Maybe we can have clipped a pool man come down and lick some of those toads, huh? I think he's already ahead of us 1128 at W. O. D. Winners pass But Radio For you get older You gotta say some go No, I can't say none Let's my vehicles higher Guess I Retired Must it deal It don't make no sense That's your up to my taxes I can barely pay my rent Now they say I should save more But their words for like fire Cause I do I can't reach higher You're feeling dollars in your account again See that the bunch because I'm going to be out of bagger stop eating I get it But just do that too long and it winds up dead So so the girl is broke Just in all my money I'll work until I close Probably it's a plus point And all of these bills Please let me preside Cause I don't I can't Retired Retired I can't be tired 1132 at W. O. D. The only station in America that we're here that farting in the shower is one of America's great experiences Is that one of life's best pleasures is like cutting a real good one in the shower when it's like hot and steamy in there Oh god, what am I high at that is? So anyway, I'm gonna audition some of this stuff on here. That'll be good. That'll kill some good time What are we gonna do about we're gonna how about a little something from across the street? Do you see still open? He is what is he got? What is he got there? We know you keep them on you. Yeah, I kept it. Okay, let's take a call from a mobile the North Miami. Hello Hey Neil. Yeah, first time calling all right Uh, then Boopho frogs and how to take care of them. Yeah, ammonia Ammonia Gordon with ammonia. No, ammonia. No, ammonia. I'm ammonia whatever And I don't take care of them I think somebody told me that a long time ago too. Yeah, see I'm trying to find a way to Just to get rid of him you know what I'm saying like poison put something around Right nothing like that. I don't I don't know if anything that you can put out I just the only way I've ever hit the thing was like screw squirting Bruce Smith in the face and it knocked him out. Okay Thanks, pal. Oh, okay What do you see squirting Bruce Lee in the face? We have an open line in date 75 one night Well, we wouldn't feel at this point. What he and a couple pre here we go 14 out of a JFK Causeway across from channel seven it says doesn't say across from channel seven and Wild it just says across from channel seven And he would take with all the free food that we've sucked out of those people over these last several months that they would at least Recognize our existence By the way, Charles was great on Saturday and the clam chowder. Oh, God man there is some real real stuff Some heavy duty What are we getting here George? Little chicken little vial How about 16 orders of meatballs something good and artery cloggin? I don't think we're getting anything. Let's just let's just read the manual day. Yeah, let's just talk about like a chicken franchise with lemon and butter sauce Chicken arabiyata with the garlic and hot cherry pepper Shrooms and light sauce and that's how good Chicken scarpary scarpary yellow garlic shrooms ball-samek. Oh, I don't like ball-samek vinegar. It's very expensive But not for this kid. Oh, no. Here's a lady in Miami on a purple line. Hello Yes, ma'am. Hi. How you doing? Good. I'm with my whole life is one battle against blue photo Really? Yeah, I've got two dogs one dog has got some twice She was in the hospital for four days from one of them. Wow They're in my yard and I just I just catch them and I take them to a place and leave them there Take him to a place. Yeah, I'm establishing a towed colony But that's what I do. I just got two big ones over the weekend. What do you mean you take him to a place like out where? Well, just so they won't get back out the desert. Yeah, out the middle of the desert Maybe I'm not snowbank with that guy in Oregon Open the truck keep him company. I just take him away from my house. Yeah, and the other thing is um I just got a DSS Little dish and I love it But you don't have a screen the patio where they get tiny outside It's on it's on the second on the outside of my house in the second floor. Yeah, right Facing style the guy brought a compass with him of course. Yeah, so but it's working well. Okay, okay. Thanks a pile. Bye See you open line on a purple line pound. I would be where it was the lady with a dish and a tote how do you like that? pound i o d if you got cellular one pick that baby up and pound it to a pulp Here's shrimp parmesan and how about some octopus Link we'd if you let the department doorle with onion for shoot the one first tomato sauce. That's what I'm having Folletted the pommadora is fanciers that sounds all that means is filet of tomato It's all of that means onions per shuto and I think that's what I mean who's gonna teach me a tallyano house that marked it You know gonna come by and teach me a little give me a little Italian Here's Boca on a Broward line hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Speaking about this. I didn't call about the toes, but man We got them sitting in my dog food bowl. They're humongous. What do you mean sitting in your dog food bowl? In other words you feed your dogs outside bad idea man. I've read that that attracts him like crazy Like I'm making believe up big deer. I think they're building a bufo condo out back. Yeah, yeah Hey listen what channel is that? Sports wrap on 33 33 we never said that before. Yes, I did Hey listen any a time. I know you I know you don't like the dolphins anymore. Yeah, but I was watching for fathers The I got this 92 dolphin season tape and first and went off to bad. It says Boisner the dolphins was Rick Weaver and Hank Goldberg And listen all the way through all you hear is the mad down in the background. There's no fat head Just hey just just the mad dog in the background screen. Hey It's too much. I love it. I understand through the grapevine that Hank was ripping Manage and ass on here on Friday over there on New York make believe sports station and all I can say to that is that it just you know So obvious to the man is extremely jealous because he'd give his left If he had any of me that give his left the tonal to be back under doing a color on the dolphin games and he's he's talking about Manage being unprofessional and homeowner and all this other Manage man can eat him under the table. There's no comparison. Oh man. What is this behind you? Yeah, let's make it one quick one for you. I got you mishpooker Okay, see you baby open line of Broward 5249463 F or Hank to be casting excursions at anybody else How did Hank's Vegas trip come out by the way and are we gonna find out what time we're coming back on Advagus trip on Whatever that day is when we're coming back Sunday the 18th which is like only 13 days from today since the trip is like a week and a half a way a week from this Thursday That we're going and are we gonna find out if those six tickets are still left Are we gonna find out anything ever he would like to know? That's what he would like to know any answer is of course not because fat boys out there stuffing his face See I just don't understand. I mean if I'm like in any any kind of management Well most of the people is building you got some kind of a title so they were like straw bosses If I'm in any kind of that position how can I keep lying and lying and lying and lying and making up stories before Finally I started in a bear ass. Do you know what I'm saying? I mean some of these people are never never gonna cut the monster If it'd give it every chance in a world man Unless he's putting it on some gigantic sandwich Fat boy and cut in the monster Here's Palm Beach even the great poop on Palm Beach hello Hey, yeah, I do okay. I got a couple things asking if you seen a great poop on spot Yeah, I think fat boy eight to eight to big jar. That's one Listen to this first of all. I saw you on that show and I can't believe any of these like pseudo intellectuals down in South Beach who are trying to like get some Little TV shows a radio I mean any kind of spots on the air. Yeah, they should give you a show. I mean it would be an immediate success Yeah, if I had if I had some more money I would look into because I remember watching stern when I used to live up in New Jersey He had a couch and he used to get a couple of lesbians in there. Yeah, the show was very You know very small budget But it was something to watch and man that they have they you knew they were making money Yeah, and and well even even Richard Bay has making big bucks for that, you know garbage show he's got Right, I just I can't believe it. You're not on the on the TV because you blow all those guys away It was incredible I mean to just I you have a talent and I don't know why you're not I should be on there. Yeah, see this is this See what they want to do what this company would like to do is keep me kind of suppressed like I'm some kind of little underling right there haven't all these problems and they can't sell my show And I say too much crap on the year and I'm just basically I've got more people I want to do more stuff with me and this this company just like stands in the way here like more They're in the pediment to my life is what they are You don't need age Okay, good carry. Yeah, well, well, I'll take care of you don't need no age and you didn't need no lawyer We'll take your any lie through their teeth man. It would be I if anybody in this business I'm talking about people who understand the radio business if they could come in here and see this The program log in understand what our sales department is up to and a kind of shenanigans that go on every day here and then last week The sales department is all gone where are they there were another seminar in Tampa on how to go out and sell a few spots Those guys are all they're all enjoying all the money that you're bringing in there That's what they're doing and they're just using you. It's incredible because I don't see any advertisements for you I tell people about your show next time I see them they're like Why didn't you tell me about this guy before he's a riot? I love the show. I'm turning my friends on They say we never see a billboard. We never see any TV spots. They said this guy is hot What why don't we cover and offer this? Come to speak it on it. Okay, pal. Yeah, one other thing I want to talk about is the panther ticket prices Yes, I can't believe that I mean what kind of nonsense accounting? Can you tell me when they packed that place night after night All the way up to the panther pack that they're not making money when a lower bowl is 31 75 at 30 They're not they've only got 14,700 whatever seats. It's not enough But tell me you'll don't they have also one of the smallest payrolls for any team or is that the marlins? Both I just don't they've also got a low payroll and from this ticket increase by the way all they're going to make is 1.6 Million in what they're going to make and allegedly they're going to use that money to go out and sign free agents So it gets you know like a real a player or two on a team. I mean just the increase over the years is is too much there And look at this Mr. I Zenga look what happened when you messed around with the marlins fans You wind up with a with a third empty stadium I still say and we said it on the sports rapture last night. I still say this that there is no reason Why him and he heem and Harrison don't get together. Arise on the heat He owns the Panthers it would be a common interest. They got all the money in the world put the money up there Build their own damn arena where ever to hell a one and out there by the saw grass wherever it makes the most sense and cut the crap already and stop belly I can't make any money I'm great makes too much sense Neil when you have your own TV show some kind of pirate show out of Miami and everybody's watching I can't wait to hear all these points on the air. Okay, pal. Thanks, Neil. Have a great life. What what does that mean? We have an open line on the He can't wait to hear what I just said on the air didn't you didn't hear it. I guess turn up that miracle air pal Open line on the green line 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 1 800 9 4 4 what the hell is it all about? And they think it's a joke. Oh, that Neil boy you hear him talking about that fat boy and about that bob green and about all I Chrome I got what a place that is. Yep. You're right about that Right on target baby. It's an embarrassment is what it is We got a bunch of people walking around in this building who shouldn't not only shouldn't they have a title not only should they have other people's lives in their hands They shouldn't be allowed to come into the building like even for like a handout even for a glass of water Here's a lady in Kendall hello. Hello. Yes, man. I want to just tell you someone had told you already to use ammonia But that he was right you should have a couple of bottles in your backyard prepared ready when you see one throw They die instantly really, but you got to get to the big ones Zimmer the ones that are bringing all a little ones. Yeah, that makes a big one's make a little ones Put them in a pale and given that a rubbish man. Yeah, or he did give him to the pool man Sounds like good. I didn't give him the cliff. Let me tell you. It's not a joke to if your dogs get bit by that I already know that that's what well I have two that'll show me where they're at they won't even go to Really they're weapons and they just they whip it I watch them in the yard. Yeah, that do that don't wait Yeah, okay, I'm going right to the ammonia store when I get off. Okay, we have two upper lines in dates 75 one this is a serious business and if there are people out there got dogs that know nothing about this Just wait till the first one comes up in your yard and your dog goes out there and takes a little bite in it And it starts spraying that crap in their post and they start foaming it the mouth and like doing all sideways dance And if you have a little dog like I do it don't take too much of that crap in her system and all of a sudden that like Like that So like I said bring them all over man two upper lines in dates 75 one W-I-O-D one on a purple line pound I-O-D that poor guy with this satellite dish and I guess we're not going to get you an answer man I'm sorry. I thought we really had naughty and so out there that knew something about it and they don't I mean, hey hear me talking about the stuff I saw in a satellite We got a bunch of cable suckers out there is what we've got who just like said was I've never seen anybody in my life resist something the guy wants to come down give my hell of a deal Stick to thing in there if he doesn't like it, he'll take it out and this man resisted and resisted and I see him in the bookstore Yesterday at the sub-rass and one of the things he had in his paws was the direct TV TV guide the big monthly one Yeah, Mr. Hotshot now with his satellite dish. I don't want it. I don't want it The pictures too good. There's too much stuff on there. I don't want it I want to be a prisoner of the goddamn cable company the rest of my life and that's one most of you suckers are Here's a mobile implantation hello. Hey Neil. Yes. Hey Dale and all those other ideas to get rid of them frog too boring sit on your back porch with a pellet gun. Yeah, just shoot them just shoot them yeah, okay all right see Two open lines in date like I said 751 Wild purple line is open pound iod and one on the ablue line in Broward five two four Just shoot them that's what we always say every time it gets to be a September October when season starts a frog just shoot oh 1146 a Wild deer Show up at the door carrying a wet t-shirt get a free drink come bucket Wednesday night is Madonna night all young women who show up wearing black lawns are a and a company by an aging actor Get in free come bucket Saturday night is illegal alien night Speak into the club and you're in free come bucket Your car hang a right then a left and you'll be there come bucket Oh 11 50 a Wild did we have two open lines in her both in date 7519463 751 what's it all about here's bokeh? Hello Neil. Yeah, so I am the show the other night. Yes, and enjoyed it. Yes. I like that line about the show Remandage turned red they showed him on the TV did this push turn red red is a beat incredible and what about that Pete Mitchell for the dolphins? Did you check him out? Yes, I did. I man it was getting physically aroused by those two Young dolphin prospect he was he I'm serious is I was getting ready to sit down and do my segment there He said boy he said what a couple of of bright looking young Fresh looking yeah, I said okay, whatever you say he had a Zion at man I'm telling you he was showing him where the showers were channel 33 You think you're on there again? What do you mean by that like you know during the During the hockey I told him anytime you want just acts and I'll be there if I'm in town. I'll be there What about like right you're in the afternoon? What happened with that? I can't get a real story about that Andy Calb Who's a pervericator? You know, he just he's just keep making up these little stories He's telling me that it was his the other producer's idea and the head she's producer was saying it was Andy's idea And who knows but I we were we were apple plaque. We didn't we thought they were blowing you off for Denise Well Denise said that if I was on a show he wouldn't be on there which the feeling was mutual and this grew him Exactly and he doesn't understand that they hate him in New York and they hate him here exactly Mr. personality right and then that I heard that the other day Hank ripping man did say and though He you know I like Jim Mandage, but you know I can't turn on the radio who the hell does he think he is? Yeah, I mean what a joke like we really give a crap he does but I make one One criticism but don't get mad. Yes. You got to change the shirt and you know when you go on TV. No way. Yes. Why is that? You need a little color something you know wait they don't they don't want you to wear a colored shirt on TV I hate to break the news to you that my television expert They want you to wear like a pastel you know like a like either a white shirt or preferably like a light color like a light blue or like green Which is why I wear shirt like that when I go on there They also wanted me to put on a jacket. I said for a slob like managed. I am putting on no jacket Give me an important show. I might dress up a little bit, but no socks and no jacket for a mad dog Okay, bye Okay, there's our color coordinated there put on a nice colorful shirt, okay. Okay I may not know much about TV, but I do know they don't want no flashy shirt got it We have an open line in date 751 W wilde here's Miami. Hello hello. Yes. I have the the South Florida remedy for you for the toes Yes, I native you got to do it every night. Yes, you take a pitch fork and get them every night Every night that's all it for a whole life. Yeah, okay fork this to all put lines in date 751 9463 751 W I guess we're not gonna get an answer about that vagus thing at all are we Leaves Vegas at 2 30 yeah, and we're back at 10 30 10 45 something like that on Sunday night Run that by me again. We will you Vegas this is what he told me now. This is right a straight from Bob's mouth At 2 30 yeah in the afternoon for Vegas then stop and figure this out 230 and he afternoon is 5 30 Eastern time, okay, and we're getting back at what time 10 30 so in other words, it's a five hour flight on this plane That's what it sounds like Or 10 45 which means it's over a five hour flight well what time are we gonna get there We're leaving at 6 30 see we're like 10 days before we're leaving and this is information I should have had like a long time ago if fat boy was in any way involved in this and like servicing his client here Which maybe ain't spending $50 million in advertising but nonetheless is something that's on here and we're doing But nevertheless here we are 10 days before again just like last year and I know nothing nothing Here's the dear field hello Let's go to a pop at OB chill out. How you doing okay? That's a hog and die story they put about five to 10 percent of ice chips in the ice cream watery Yeah, and it's just about 32 degrees this way when you get it it just starts melting on there Well, what about the ice cream when you bite in the freezer and in the store it's not like that no only in the little retail thing Also in other words when you go to about this is interesting to know when you go to hog and die's in the mall Which they're in malls all over the place now like in the sawgrass they water it down Yeah, for now for four bucks a scoop it's my bad. Yeah, that's true for 20 bucks an ounce. That's not too bad There you go. Thanks for the good news All right, see yeah, well, that's planes it all along Because I you know and see now that something's wrong with that because when you buy something in the store and then you go buy it in fact You would think it would be the other way around wouldn't you Like when you go to Nathan's and you buy one of those great Nathan's weenies You know how it's gonna taste then when you buy him at the supermarket which you can already package the Nathan's weenies and you take it home I mean it's still pretty good, but it's it's just not the same is when they make it right there on the other grill or whatever And they're doing it wherever they're sticking it So you would always think that if you go to the place that it would be the very best and that if you like bought it in a store somewhere package can boxed whatever it would be like a little less good But in this case evidently It's not here's for a lot of nail. Hello Hello, yes, no yes, sir. Good morning. What the hell was that? I didn't get it The last number that calls your line cannot be given out. Oh, what about those? Machio Man high-op bed Open line in a Broward 5249463 524 The last number that calls Hello, Ola yes You called where Where is this QAM And Goldberg show Oh, thank Goldberg I think you got a room number, sir. No, no is this Hank? Whole Frank Hank Hank Hank Hank who Are you having a problem over there? Can we call like rescue 911 or something for you? Well, if you're going to pay for it, yes Yeah, no more no, we don't pay for it. Faggot two upper lines in date 751 WOD1 and Broward 5249463. How do you like that? Man oh man that sound like Jose Consocco's boyfriend to me. Here's for Lauderdale on the purple line