I wanted something to be vindicated. I wanted to jury to pay those people our life. News, talk at Entertainment Radio 6-10. WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show. To talk with Neal, call 75-1-WIOD in date. 5-2-4-WIOD in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll-free. 1-800-944-WIOD. And say the one customers can call pound-io-z, no-chun. Now, the Neal Rogers Show, a news-talking Entertainment Radio, 6-10-WIOD. Graph my junior, honey. Give it to me. Just lick them. Well, I was driving down I-95 the other night. Somebody nearly cut me right off the road. Outside it wasn't going to do any good to get mad. Some road is song about them instead. It goes like this. For you more, I'm an asshole. Or did you work at it your whole life? Either way it worked out fine. Cause you're an asshole tonight. Guess you're an A, as they show Ellie. And don't you try to blame it on me. You deserve all the credit. You're an asshole tonight. Oh, I've got a feeling. You'll be an asshole the rest of your life. I was talking to your mother just the other night. But the E.M. I was talking to your mother just the other night. But the E.M. I told her I thought you're an asshole. She said yes. I think you're right. And all your friends are asshole. Cause you know that if you're a whole life. Cause somebody told me you've got an asshole for life. Or you more than asshole. Or did you work at it your whole life? Either way it worked out fine. Cause you're an asshole tonight. 10.09.W.R.D. Boyds been a dog's age since we played that baby. I'll tell you that's been a long time too long if you ask me. So anyway, let's hear from all the people that saw that great chef the Fourier show on TCI cable last night on the local access baby. Right against Monday night NFL football. Right against 8000 other shows right up against all the other cable systems that people can actually see. That was some experience man. And it's too bad that they didn't get a chance to see it because. What would be a good reason? Cause I actually got default to say that Mr. High Pingo is Jackass. See we don't want to say asshole on here. We could have said it. But they were a little bit nervous even though it's cable access. Don't say not this show. Don't say ass. I'll say it like next week. As if I'm coming back. I guarantee a man we're going to be flooded with call including that black dude that came by there and got the hundred dollars in cash for being the first person to come rushing into the studio saying. Neil is God. That was really. When you got to pay a hundred dollars just to prove that there's somebody's watching. That's what that was all about. We had like a hundred people on the inside. We had this massive studio audience inside and about six people watching on the outside. Two of whom showed up to win stuff. W-W-Y-O-D. Hello. See I totally look at this. W-Y-O-D. Tell him it was a great show. I saw a whole thing. No way. Yes. You saw it? Yes. You're the one, huh? Yeah. We had a pretty good time. Yeah. Considering what a Mickey Mouse operation is. I think Dean was. It was sort of scary though when that guy showed up at the black eye for the hundred dollars. Yeah. Because I don't know. He looked like he was sort of, you know, I don't know. He didn't look too on the up and up. And then he had that. Well, I don't know. He was all sweating and everything. He was sweating. Yeah. What did you do? You ran the whole way. I guess so. For a hundred bucks, you probably run a couple of blocks too. So how did it feel everyone was seeing? How did what they were? Oh God. How did what feel? Like that was a real TV show? Yeah. Yeah. Get out of here. That was done like being in broadcasting 102. Well, anyway, you did a good job. I sure did. You was the one that made everyone learn. Too bad I didn't have a time to say anything. No, that thing just flew by. I liked you better on that show than when you were on Kendall Toyota. You want it. Well, when you're on Kendall Toyota, you get to say anything. That's the problem. He can try to steer the conversation back to him and his stupid, uh, push. Well, you don't get to say anything. I just wanted to tell you you did a great job at talking. Well, thanks. And that's somebody's for it. And pay care and keep doing a good job. Have a great day. See ya. Wasn't that sweet? Somebody saw that stupid show last night. They said they had a lot of calls over there yesterday. From people saying that they were going to be watching that show. They said they've never had that many people pour into there to watch the, uh, in the studio. And who are those people? I kept asking Andy and I was asking Defoe. Who are these people who are coming in here besides Defoe's parents sitting around? I guess those were Defoe's parents. I don't know. They never said anything. They said, hello, and, uh, you're a douchebag and quick picking on our kid. But that was about it. But who were all those people that were sitting in there? They must have had 50 people in there. And they weren't even cardboard figures. We didn't even have to go resort to cardboard cutouts. I'll tell ya. I must be one hell of a good guy to do that for Defoe. Defoe must be. I must be a hell of a lot better guy than most of you are willing to admit. W-Y-O-D. Hey, deal. Yes sir. I saw the show. You suck your bag. Okay, that's a guy. You didn't see nothing man. Suck this. W-Y-O-D. I'm going there? Yeah. Ah, you look marvelous last night. Yeah, you didn't see it either. Neil, listen. Oh, you got Jeff to force to make such a fool of himself and say that about Wayne Hayes-Enga. No, it was a highlight. Everybody got a sitting ovation on it. I guess I could believe it. And on top of it, I mean, this is like, even a hate Wayne. I mean, he's a dot of sports in this town. Here's Jeff to force, fortunate to have a, and you got him to go along with it. That was awesome. He's a dot of sports, is who? Well, I mean, you know, he owns everything. Yeah. But I'm telling ya. I mean, it was just fabulous. You guys just said I couldn't believe it. About, I'll keep my pants. Okay, good. Okay, thanks. There's a guy who peed his pants. I'd like to know what my pants. Beautiful. It was pretty embarrassing to be honest with it. And double U-I-O-D, learning to be humble, but not making much progress. We have my junior honey. We're gonna meet on your... Okay, 10, 16 at W-I-D. So obviously, there was an enormous tune in audience for that show on T-C-I-K-B-L-S night. We had one, one lady, and then this guy who pretends that he saw it. W-I-O-D. Yeah, new. Yes, sir. I think you were great at the show last night. Yes, I was. I think, uh... Sure. Cold programming of it sucks because the band had, I mean, this should get rid of it. What do they need a band for on like a local access show? It's a hard... Talk about delusions of grandeur. Do you think it's almost karma? Right. That came back in the air. They were still playing for such a long time. In fact, at the end of the show, they wanted the... Four guys said, what you can go on extra 10 minutes if you want a default figure. Well, let's, you know, let's end it now before it makes a bigger check-ass out. I mean, you're something like that. And by the time we left there, and I'm 30, I felt like I had just sat down like nobody had said anything yet. We never talked about anything. It's in, it went too fast. Yeah. He said, he said, when he said the break is, we'll be back. We're going to talk about horse racing. Yeah. And then during the break, the floor director there says, well, uh, all you can do is come, if you don't want to do the extra 10 minutes default, you just come back and say goodbye. And that's it. Yeah. I was lucky to get the same wins and asshole or whatever it is, he said. I'm expecting for you to do some more talking and he said, okay, we're nice to be here, whatever we'll see you next Monday. I don't know why they didn't just leave it on for hours for crying out loud. They got nothing else going over there. TCI local access. What are they going to put on some, uh, uh, city commission meeting and sweet water or something who'd out here is? And you get to see what they put after they didn't put in the simple crop. They didn't put crap. Everybody, I'm sure everybody just turned it thing off. Of course, all seven of more watch, I'm still believe we had more people on the inside than we're watching on the outside. I'm telling him there's nobody on his phone. Are you coming back to it? No chance. That's it. You should do it now. I'm doing my own show, screw that guy. Okay, I'm going to go and do a show where I get paid for doing it and not going in or to hold somebody else's hand. Oh, that was creepy. I came a little bit lower. What do you mean that was a freebie? I got $100 worth of hooters, uh, certificates in my pocket. What more can you want than that? Oh, I got a big wide my pocket right now. Look at that. There's $5, $20. Hooters certificates. Why would it give you, uh, kick and wings when you don't eat them? They had lasagna and chicken wings there and of course I couldn't eat anything. I think that was the idea. So I'm going to, uh, can you give me one of those certificates? Get out of here. Did you hear that? Did you just hear that? All you got to do is mention you got something that you don't want. Oh, I'll take it. I want it. I'll give you something for free. How's this? Okay, I'll give you another one. Oh, extra charge. There you go. Okay, grab it. Can you give me one of those certificates? What? What was the purpose of, uh, the escort to the table? That's the way they do the show. What the hell was it? The little hudders girl grabs you by the arm and she takes you up to the little table and they're having a big discussion before the show started. Do you go around behind the chair or do you cut in front of her life? I may come on. You guys are in La La Land. There's nobody watching this. It's like, it's like a home, like in your closet somewhere. And they really, they're acting like they're big time. The delusions of grander, they're all fantasy. Did you see how the show ended up talking about? And it's a real nice neighborhood to it. I got the door wide open waiting for these people to come running and off the streets. That's a really smart move guys. Did you see how it started? Like the first thing they showed, they showed it. The thief was hands in a $100 bill. That's how the show started. Right. Nothing else. Right. And then they started. Yeah, he stood up there with a $100 bill. Like this is the big come on. If anybody's watching come running down here saying, Neil has got him and anybody's saying anything for 100 bucks. And his brother comes running in there and that was it. He did get there pretty quick. I'll say that. Yeah. And then they have the thing. I think he was doing a bank job up the corner and he just made a little detour. They had that camera outside and then they showed the deliverance band clean. And then they go back to the camera outside. Yeah. And then there'd be like, all of a sudden, your video got slow. And then your mouth is moving like real slow. What does that mean? How can the video get slow? I don't understand. What does that mean? I don't know. Like if they were running it like in like when they show old NFL films and everything's in slow motion. Yeah. But the audio was it full speed. Are you kidding me, so in other words, this was more embarrassing that I realized. I mean, it looked like you were having like a relapse with bells, pause your mouth is going real slow. Yeah. The voice is going away. Yeah. Incredible. It was after never again. But besides that, it was funny when you were having when you were a lot to speak for five minutes. Yeah. But after that, it was, you know, like they said, great school at best. Exactly. Like broadcasting school at 102. That's what I said last night. Okay. Joey, thanks for the good news. Bye. Yeah. Okay. My draws. I'm dripping a little bit over here. And God damn Adam turned at what is wrong with that kid? You know what? You talk about a kid. Of course he's always in a hospital more even than I am. So he's got a problem. Talk about danger, boy. Really? Turn it up to it. Look at that 78 degrees that little slut turns this up to. What an asshole you are, Adam. What a jerk. I never seen anybody that of that age. I can understand somebody holding the crap at like Rick. But somebody that young to have like no body installation. Well, of course he weighs about 40 pounds so can wet. Maybe that's the problem. Maybe eat a meal or two or once a week might be a good idea, huh? 1021 at W-I-O-D. Oh, oh. Grandpa! There you go. Grandpa, who's in rejoicing? I am. It's not from 2 to 6, I'm W-I-O-D every afternoon. Are you dirty? Phil, Henry. Afternoons on 610 W-I-O-D. 610 W-I-O-D. Dad, are we there yet? This is our merry-cast. He's coming in 1991. The epic film of a decade. The movie that had to be made. From the colossal best seller by John Gotti. Rocky meets the godfather. Yo, Michael, a moon. Hey, get out of my face. You're too bad at the punk. From short films are better because there's more profit. Catch the whole series. Rocky meets dirty Harry. Go ahead. Rocky meets the president. I'd rather not. Rocky meets your mom. Who do you think? I'm going to be so happy. Rocky meets the president. I'd rather not. Rocky meets your mom. Who do you think? I'd rather not. Rocky meets the godfather. What? Rocky meets bowling all. Who? Rocky meets the godfather. The series. Coming soon. Do I think I don't know you? Consider it a warning. 1024 at W-I-O-D. George looked into the casket yesterday. They buried his dear departed friend and said, You ate the only. And that's how it was. George went to his first depressing funeral yesterday. And he realized that some of the people there, including some of the relatives, were not his favorite people. See, that's why I don't understand. I don't get it. That's one of the reasons I don't go to funerals because what's the point after somebody is dead. And people say, I'm going to pay my respects. Yeah, but what's the point of paying respects once after somebody is dead? They don't appreciate it. I mean, if you were close with a family or if the family were like a bunch of nice people or if there's like some significance there, but other than that, I don't get it. What's the current? To get really depressed. Exactly. I don't think you'll be going to too many more. Okay. I don't think you'll be going to a lot more like when our PD goes off the defense. We have lots of open lines on this board here. Baby, I don't understand why because we have a brand new trial. Let's be in start it now in LA, the Mark Furman trial. OJ ain't beyond trial. He did not be on trial. Mark Furman's on trial. See, this is what's called obfuscation, baby. It's called a big smoke screen. It's called stroon. Lots of clouds. Lots of dust in the year. And if you throw enough crap up in here, maybe some of it will come down at the ground. That's the desperate thing that they're doing out. Of course, this judging North Carolina. You know what, a bum fork place that is North Carolina. It says, oh yeah, you got to take that. And let me just ask you this. Okay. See, first of all, it was not a good idea from Mark Furman to lie about one thing. Okay. When you ask a white person if they've ever called black people a nigger in the last how many years did he say 10 15 years? What ever time? And they say no, you know they're lying. You know they're lying. You know they're full of crap. They'll be like asking a black person if they've ever made any a procured remarks about white people last 10 or 15 minutes. I mean, who are we kidding here, man? It's a racist country. And even if it ain't racist, I mean, sometimes, you know, stereotypes and the pejorative terms. Maybe there's a reason for it. Like if you're driving to work here on 79th street and some black guy cuts you off and is a little beat up to it. And you say to yourself, I mean, nobody else can hear you. The windows are closed, but you're pissed off. You're frustrated. You say you're stupid, nigger. Don't you say that? Me? What do you say? I don't. I say asshole. You stupid, nigger asshole, you say? I haven't used it in the last 10 years. Ah, here we go. See, I'm so glad I brought this up. Okay. You stupid, cike. If someone's in sunrise, cut you off on a highway. You wouldn't say you stupid old cike. What would you say? No. I'd say a few other choice things. Well, I'm not talking about the four letter words. I'm talking about pejorative terms. If some woman cuts you, you stupid bitch. If she's sitting there at the left hand, the lane, and she won't get out there in the intersection, and you're behind her. And there's like nobody coming for as far as the eye can see. You say you stupid bitch. Yes. Yeah. So you never used the word nigger in your life. No, no, that's not true. You just got through Santa. You just got through Santa. How do you know it? How do you know it? How do you know it's 10 years? It's been more than that. How do you know? Because I know the point my life when I decided that it was wrong to do that. And I stopped. Did wrong to do what? To use that word that way as an insult. How about Fag? Only in just an only to your face. Ah! I'm not talking about me. Here we go. Only to your face. How do you like that? Or there face. Wild. Like I'm the only Faggy. You know, it's not. Yes. Yeah, man. I watched the show last night. I'm like one of the two or three people that did. Yeah. And man, the band was terrible. Yeah, what do we need to band there for? Well, we have a percentage of guests down there who's, you know, get in a limousine. They slept me there in a limo to go. I managed to because I haven't been how do I get it to be on that show man my band is ten times better show up just show up in the get a little rumble going kick their ass out I think that's what it was what your food takes that band kick their ass out if we got a take over so we have a we have a market moving and take over pal but try to do it on show where they have an audience I like that one that's true too all right man okay last night that you enjoyed it see okay there you go there's a guy who enjoyed it he sat there he got into it he did a little five man a five-finger electrical band with himself during the show we have two open lines in day seven five one two and a half five two four see I don't believe that because I know most people are liars I don't believe that there are people who don't use derogatory terms and they don't always necessarily mean it in the most personal sense it's just that this is the way you know there are stereotypes although I don't think I use uh... warp or day go do I I mean you know I've been to Italy so many times I feel I have eaten so much Italian food in my life I feel I kind of a wiper would dig on myself so I don't think I've ever used that crowd oh yeah oh some of those old people in Germany man you'll be you'll be uh... eaten crowd you'll be uh... spewing because those old Germans man they they they sewage of the earth the old ones the younger people are okay but man you'll be making every kind of uh... what what else do you call Germans besides Nazis and stuff like that I mean what else would you call i just said crowd my crowd makes big friend spec yeah that's what i said spec like nobody out there says spec i do see there you go you don't say nigger but you'll say spec now what does that make you be besides a song i think else i see so in other words it's okay for me to say faggot but if you say it then it's bad is that what you say because i think so how about if a black person call somebody like who is that guy we used to have a guest on your hair real jackass a black guy who's to come on and talk about the nigger negro's this guy was the sadist and he used to say it just to get everybody all upset not on this station it was like back in a w's news days this was such a oh man such an obnoxious guy but anyway see so mark firm in my point is you never said that because it's an unrealistic question in the first place especially when you're working in the l a pd when you're working in a police department what are you laughing about they're not racist not the l a pd no that that's not the point that's not the point what kind of people do you think they deal with every day and i'm not on the last one to defend cops but what kind of people do they encounter every day you think they deal with the middle and upper class black population of Los Angeles i don't think so or about the uh... chicano population they deal with the upper crust i don't think so is there an upper crust oh sorry but uh... what do you laugh at about i don't know if there's like an upper crust Mexican population in Los Angeles i don't know i mean maybe they're all wet backs what the hell do i know about Los Angeles other than don't ever want to go there again it is too damn many signs in oriental language in Asian languages i'm so sorry the languages are oriented the languages are oriented just a people who are on a slant is that what you're saying i noticed that western avenue in Los Angeles the whole street is on a bigger slant it wasn't from an earthquake either you find a sign in English on at street not pay a thousand bucks here's uh... hollywood hello morning ill yes sir i did say it last night and it was a technical disaster i mean you are great the show was very entertaining but as far as the technical quality of the show was a complete disaster yes okay it's like a home it's like a kid would do in his basement up north summer who's looking broadcasting school but that is on little camcorder and he's doing a make-up of show but it wasn't he wasn't a sense so much like you were talking all of the sudden they showed a uh... uh... uh... two second clip of uh... of a panther game and then now you guys were talking about something else they go to like uh... you know they did they did have a monitor there but i was trying to ignore it as much as possible because it made no sense at all i mean we're showing a clip of the uh... so flyers plan somebody and then there was a little panther thing in here but we weren't even seen plan the uh... flyers so what about they show an ad for i don't i don't get it see they're trying because little and he calbs involved in this and some of the people a defo in man dog you've got on thirty three are also involved in the show they're trying to make it like sports rap now why you would you want to do that why would you try to make it something different when sports rap is on the night before you don't see why not for something different yeah that's i agree completely and other things i noticed last night all jett before is uh... is a little getting a little chunky there he sure is he is getting a lot of it you and i said kind of the two people to post looks heavier than me all that's right yeah that was great i enjoyed it okay we're going to for now thanks a lot there we go they had a great time all he was in broad now let's see t c i bought out stores that would you keep trying to tell me so you could have seen it yourself if you were uh... high in femur pines or don't you have t c i yes i do have it you didn't watch it i wasn't there oh i was getting tank he was getting tank because he went to a funeral yesterday okay how do you like that some fat you friend of his dad it age twenty nine because he ate himself into oblivion and well like i like our human whale four five hundred pounds and he died we were having our own private shivie he died he died you were in your own Chevy two upper lines in broad five two four nine four six three so look at this no commentary about this because obviously none of our people out there in the audience whatever he was words like that you lying bastards i'm going to tell you one of the things about the show that i really like it besides me is the fact that i come on here and i say things every single day that most of you don't have the balls to say you don't even have even anonymous on the phone nobody knows who the hell it is except the people tracing the call nobody knows who the hell it is but you don't have the balls to say it even anonymously on a phone other than you were jackass and faggan stuff like that which any child can do crap like that but all know we expect our police officers there's nobody would ever use the word nigger and that's why when he lied about that you know he was digging a deep hole for himself just like we know that johnny caqran certainly don't have any racist feelings in his bone that piece of slime that johnny caqran was running around there what's your was that on soul trainer some stupid show like that soul trainer musical words just soul trained music awards what the hell was he doing on there anyway and he comes out there one of us he wanted to the presenters or something isn't it's great we got a lawyer celebrities now we got Bobby Shapiro with his egg rolls we got the johnny and his caqran on the soul train show he's a presenter for the awards in a rolyon on free oj free oj like it's a big uh it's another media hype okay forget the fact two people got killed here it is in the goddamn newspaper again here like you people had a brain which you don't what you don't woman 82 killed for drug money police neighbor son confessed to beating beat the crap out of this old woman in law or hill so we could steal a couple of tv's got himself a hundred dollars so we could buy crack cocaine on the street this son of a bitch should be shot today today he should be dead by newness mother scratcher i'll tell you that right now no questions asked this hex guy whatever it was William hex he should be dead before this show is over i'm telling you that right now no god damn trial and then his bitch up there in union south Carolina the Susan Smith well we don't want to screw up the community it's gonna make for a lot of bad feelings so just give her life in jail maybe 30 years will let her out when she's eligible for parole if she says enough hail Mary's but in the meantime this guy steals a toothbrush in a tuba toothpaste it got them albertons and he's dead what does that tell you about justice in america man you're still a tuba toothpaste now kill your ass but if you go out there and drown your kids and now we got a copycat bitch up there in a houd you see that to show you the mentality of the people in this country your tuba's you watch in Ricky lake every god damn day and don't know reality from fantasy who i'm gonna clue all this trailer park trash we got out there that's what america is i'm gonna take the god damn country state by state and i'm gonna show you what a trailer park trash country this is you show me a state that's got any decent people in it leave this one out obviously and i'll show you an exception trailer park trash america so we got a copycat bitch and she goes on and well the cycle guy who did this you better and she does the same routine and she copies it like right down and she killed her little kid and how she confessed to it she killed her little kid and i'll go to lunch at my mother's today my mother will say oh that poured the air she's so confused i think she's gonna be on her all over the saffton known we'll find out what really forced her over the edge in all go boy that would you want to hear his plantation out of purple line hello hey i'll tell you what first of all johnny capprin is the reason of affirmative action has gone wrong johnny capprin is the antichrist yes yes i guarantee is got three six is on each cheek guarantee that right now man i'm serious are you checking for the markings on Michael Jackson's penis let's check the markings on johnny capprin's butt all right all right okay fine good people Michigan there's no trailer park in Michigan oh give me a break are you crazy i've never been in Taylor Michigan i lived in Michigan for 12 years bus to your out talk to some johnny come lately if you ever been in Taylor Michigan which is a suburb of detroit and all that yeah there's nothing there's nobody but trailer park track no Taylor Michigan they're all tricked they prick the trailer's in it's not trailer park i'm not talking about trailer i'm not talking about people living in trailers i'm talking about the people themselves how about Susan Smith they didn't live in a trailer was she trailer park trash you bet she was trash she was trailer park trash man if she was in jail right now she'd be on Ricky like this afternoon i hear a kid i right now that bitch i agree i agree and uh that disgusting slut she should be dead now okay if this country you anything about justice that bitch they would put it on god damn filled on you this morning they'd fry her ass coast to coast on tv we don't mean business in this country man we don't mean business and this guy that he got this old lady and what is it she'd have been fried if she was a maker if they she'd have been a nigger that's right i say it every day man i don't know what you know well what do you mean you're proud of it you say it every day now now you're taking something i said yeah this guy says the ingredients proud of it how do you like that you're a ready you are trailer park trend no no hey come on now okay what's the name of your park yeah real this time for leave the real video for leave clover yah who will see this guy's from Michigan i knew he was probably from hillsdale is somewhere like that probably from cold water you talk about rednix some gross point but gross point from gross point talk about big entry man no no no no how many jews lived in your neighborhood man i dated it you from Rochester yeah from Rochester Michigan probably no no from Rochester New York yeah that's how far away she had to move just to get in can i name around the air and give them no i don't want to name around here let's get back to all this uh okay okay i've been to work nigger i don't use it every day i don't i don't you just got to say you use it every day why the hell would you i just got something you're proud of i use it every day not on it i'm not proud of i just i every day i feel the need to every day in your mind i would agree with that there are people who behave in a certain way in this town that it does bring out your boat deepest prejudices and you just can't restrain it i can't do i try i don't i've even i dated one black woman yeah just just for the sake of another one so another one's if i if a guy plays that pays a black hooker any uh y'all jumps in a sack with a black over that makes him a real liberal is that would you say and make him real broad minded as it black broad minded oh we consider myself a liberal yeah well you can man you're you're come out much admit it you're from tailor mr you're getting a big giraffe asking you what's up with the teacher there we go i rest my case we have an open line on the uh pound line on purple uh whatever it is okay my point being that people say things and most people don't want to talk about it because you're not supposed to talk about certain things tough crap okay why the hell not why not be a little bit honest for once in your life if people were a little bit more honest we wouldn't have all this friction and all this hatred and people wouldn't think it's okay to be it's fashionable to say it behind closed doors but to say it in public that's another story and then maybe we'd find out why we feel the way that we feel it's said or so on yet it's the one i'm saying i don't think so i don't think of any idea what i'm talking about just like this miserable son of a bitch up there and laudering hell that beats up this neighbor this nice old lady 82 years old he not only not only kills her but before that he beats the living crap out of her and then he murders her and then and how about this good school teacher they got raped yesterday up in uh wherever the hell it was and proud you're a few older summer some really done yeah point school teacher she's sitting in there and by the way who did it 18 to 20 year old young black man okay i'm sick and tired if you're black if you're white take responsibility for your own goddamn actions oj i'm sick and tired of people making excuses for anybody whether it's Susan Smith or oj or that 18 year old kid or this very white guy up there in a lot of your little kildas old lady cry his ass today on television right now and let's start saying we mean some business in this country this is not the way that a civilized country lives u asshole's i've been trying to tell you that and you just don't give a crap they come on with their hysterical channel seven news and they got all these big all the big uh graphics and a big uh murdering me and then later and all this other crap and you think this is the way the world is supposed to be god damn it howard be allowed a point you're a bunch of numscoz man television is totally corrupted whatever little brain you may have had before and convince you that this is the way a same country lives irrational people the one never accept this for a way to live nobody whatever accepted any more than decent people whatever except living in a neighborhood that turns into a toilet decent people don't accept that decent people don't accept their neighbors throwing garbage and trash out of the goddamn lawn they go next door and blow their crap away every speck them better if they went next door and blew their crap away then allowing their neighborhood to become like that okay so i'll give me this crap about change in neighborhoods like this swill of an area that we're in here right now that used to be a pretty guy damn good part of town north bay village used to be like pretty prestigious when i first came here pretty fancy schmancy including even up on the corner there with prince hamlet and juniors and get the honey juniors and all the other stuff that used to be around this part of town and rocky gratciani's and all these other and now it's a toilet and why is it a toilet because the people that have moved into this part of town have accepted the fact that this is the way they want to live and the people who who moved out they decided that was the way to solve the problem i moved it away from it and every guy damn city you go to in this country with very few exceptions that's what you find you find people running away and running away where do you run to now baby i'd like to know if you live in lost angelists unless you're a multi millionaire live in ojays neighborhood or rompo peel where do you run now man and find a civilized place to live in that sewer in that festering toilet of a town and we're running a contest to send somebody out there to LA if you're smart you'll stay away from the airport that they man and you'll stay away from that serub bitch too if you're smart let's go to a Miami hello hey with something yes sir i would like oh i just called that last a cracker yeah yeah how about a honky now i'll say that a concrete cracker okay yeah but you're right yeah so okay open nine and eight seven five one i mean let's stop pretending let's stop beating around the bush and out of course if mark firm and we find out on these tapes that oh yeah he used the word nigger so what the hell does that prove that proves that he's set up oj even though all the evidence the blood evidence every piece of evidence he's got no alibi he's got no story except now according to the did you hear the story about how they ran him through a dry run if he's gonna testify which they still probably is not gonna do it but they ran him through a dry run and it was an unmitigated disaster according to all reports and one of the things he blurted out was well mark is cut it done it mark is sound i think uh had a chance to do it i think mark is done it we got the wrong number thirty two oj yeah he's got the right number on the uniform he's got the wrong it wasn't mark is it was that other thirty two oh man yeah from like buffalo in a forty nine or is that's the thirty two from u.s.c. baby that's the thirty two who'd done it you jackass you piece of trash you crap head so now we got a whole separate issue okay because everything becomes a question of race especially in Los Angeles everything is an issue of race forget the fact that there were dead people they're long forgotten man they're not even warm anymore okay they're not even moist they're like cracking and crumbling their bones are rotting in the ground being eaten by the worms as we speak so what's for lunch? sixteen w-i-o-d task is no questions and will tell you no lies good can't keep his packer in his pants just lick them okay ten forty nine a w-o-d here's the best news of the day baby been waiting for some good news instead of all these murders and mayhem here's some good god damn news panthers release cerela bending and l-a-mocking oh how are talking okay now we're talking some progress baby since it's gonna be our last season with the panthers anyway thanks to that pocket mark plus headway in high pingo it's gonna be our last hockey season south Florida for a long time if if maybe forever because after this season he's gonna stick it to us so the panthers have released a fence been joseo rel up Ryan Benning and forward and Ray Levocca was announced today by general manager Brian Murray we love your Brian even with your speedsteef fact baby you're all right all three players have been finagling with the panthers since the record breaking in auger will season the adiati and in different ways each of these players are greatly uh brought us down et cetera said Brian and get rid of them all right cerela eighty two is on his last legs and it goes on and on so that's the best news of the day okay here's Hollywood hello morning yes sir I was calling to tell you that I just heard that about the hotest not good news that's the best news man my day is looking up right now and we are with so to and about four and a half months yeah I changed out of these be able to call you up from periodic live but now they have it on restriction well all nice yeah great but we saw you on TV last night and there are three people you look totally different look like you look lose a weight yeah but before may he's willing to look at it and he's picking it up it's like let's handle to our show done Cox is losing all the weight and Jacobs in the ladling it on and they just had the like a break we have we're through his salilic we had to begin to show they decide to get him with a waist up shop because the yeah the view the camera we're showing is little good jiggling around here we're here with jiggling yeah hey I let a look on your piece when I black guy ran in for the hundred bucks you look like you were like skish I'll let us know why you kidding me you didn't okay you didn't look a little fruity look I was a fruity come on you didn't look a little friendly at the while when you looked at the first when you ran in you were like what the hell is he doing here hey I was looking at everybody in that joint like that they have I kept saying who are all these people coming here they said we don't know they just kept coming in coming in you didn't see the little studio audience here there must have been fifty people in there I thought I thought they were going to be in you ever go to a broom closet and have fifty people show up in there it's a little bit claustrophobic in here you know I'm saying and it was a little bit claustrophobic in here you know I'm saying and it was a claustrophobic in here and the hudders girls that's I was going to say I'm the I like that you image them and where she is quoted you in there yeah a little girl that's I'm like the try to put you in the office you're gonna get people there you go all right you wasn't it I'm happy we got up to six people saw it now man all right run the map have a great life you see open line in Broward five two four we got one on the green line I told you that show was going to be a smash success last night a smash hit don't say that too fast smash okay let's go to Miami wait a minute let's try it on here hello you're a good morning sir I'm okay good listen I want to just comment on that which you're talking about this morning is you know these terminology and everything yes all from black and I use crack all the time there you go I try not to why not and I don't think well I don't think it's I don't think it's appropriate for me to use a term but sometimes I get angry well they're if listen if people in other there's an old saying if the shoe fits where it you know what I'm saying and if somebody behaves in a stereotypical way of somebody from New York behaves like some of these old people up in sunrise I'm Jewish myself but you know there's nothing to me more offensive personally than the way some of the old Jews down here behave in drive and act and I'll be the first one to say you stupid old Jew basted once you get off the road you know what your Jew can do or whatever and that's not big a tree that's just the reality it's just part of what's going on right you know but you know at the time well big a tree but the one one's on an F. Lee Bailey was asking those questions yeah I really was wondering at the time I'll say where the hell is Bailey going with this and and then when I heard firm and sit up there and go know I have nine I went oh you don't you understand this all of us is all they've got is the set up deal they've got no other possible suspects they've got no other theories the only thing the whole drug thing fell apart the only deal they got is to make it appear that he was set up now by racist cops and it was a conspiracy and now they're leaning back on it they're almost at the end of the defense which all of their defense witnesses have been bosos right but yeah why would why would firm and attorney let him fall for that I'm here to settle for you he should have had him ready if it look if they ask you the question say sure and especially when he knew he must have known that these tape recordings existed I mean how could you be so stupid as to leave yourself wide open just in case the court ever ruled which they did yesterday that they could bring these in evidence see the thing that bothers me most about this new being black as the fact that and I'm just using my pin oh they did it okay and and you look at it it's not about black and white is about green because it was my answer there might have to be in prison now that's right you know anyway and that's all they would be counting the day you do right being a big dream to me just like this Michael Jackson crap to now which I noticed that the media are really presenting this in a very subdued way but now we find out he paid the first kid 25 million and now we got another one where the negotiations are currently underway where this 15 million looks like they're gonna and now there's a new one that's coming in and he lied through his teeth to that pup piece with Diane Sawyer on ABC that night or CBS or whatever it was ABC and uh Vanity first got a whole big thing about it but they're really bearing this because it's the king of pop he's the king of piggas what he is he's not the king of pop he's the king of piggas it's all about money right just one other thing deal we're gonna go he's got all that money invested baby Sony and CBS and everybody else never got them if they're gonna let him go away easily without fun whatever thing we're telling the fact we can no okay we're all the local stations when they did their weather weather report they were showing the remnants of Aaron yeah I swear to you Neil channel seven had the remit they showed rain in watching the sea and then he said this is the remnants of Aaron and then he showed alcohol and Neil this is the remnants of Aaron they have to be responsible for every goddamn drop of rain that's found him over any part of United States I want to do uh give you the real thing here Neil thanks Brian absolutely just just about to and you know something now they got this thing that's 3000 miles away have you seen this I'll just off the coast of America next thing they're gonna be telling us that it's gonna bring the Ebola virus with it along here and gonna you know kill everybody in Florida you talk about you've a larmist maniacs who are just desperate now does i Aaron is just getting sucked dry could be a drop of rain left in there because he's getting sucked dry yes sir we'll change for a second yes what is short call okay okay thank you see yeah is that under what because I don't think we're ever gonna find it but a short call let's go to a Miami hello hello Neil yes I hate your ass well that's good how about my foot you want my foot how about my foot up your ass how does that sound pal open line in date 751 one on a green line 1800 let's go to Florida City on the real purple line hello okay be down there killed her let's try a tamarac hello hey Aaron yes sir run this is what I know that movie you answer Aaron what's appalling hand are we still back on that crap that was near the end yeah yeah we already got that okay thanks come on let's move up to the present time okay let's not live in a past what was it doctor fives and what two open lines in date county 751 nine four six three one and brought five two four w i would a yeah this crap they bring on the news story i think it was on seventy yesterday maybe on six done really make any difference because they're all the same all they're doing is peddling personalities that you'll watch the whole newscast man there's nothing on there except personalities and dead people that's it and sometimes dead personalities but well the king of pop how can you come on with this story and still refer to him with these ridiculous adjective the king of pop as if he's still like bigger than life itself this piece of direct this piece of animal well you know blame it on his childhood let's play that about fifty times again yeah he was misunderstood that's the new deal now the men and that's brothers well they were sexually abused they never told their shrink about that but they were sexually abused by their father who ain't here because he's didn't they kill them okay and the same with students but he was beaten by her father so she was under a lot of stress he went out and drowned the two kids even though she really wanted to check up with his other guy with all the money whatever was and the same with everybody else Michael Jackson he had a miserable childhood that's why he's lips with nine and ten year old kids and uh takes off their pantaloonies that's what it's all about okay who is kidding who how can you be so stupid and how could people go out and buy that goddamn album jumey kike me do me speaking a pejorative terms and then all of a sudden after they milled all the publicity out of that well he's cutting a new one with the different lyrics because we don't want to piss anybody off come on well you uh his story my ass his story would make your hair stand on in fact i should have brought that book back you know that feel finally brought it back after a year that's the book you ought to be reading right now that's where you'll find a real goddamn truth on his disgusting disgraceful pedophile they're all looking for pedophiles on the internet why did they look right there when a god damn uh neverland where ever the hell he calls it and they found a book in his room and then he tries to give us this crap the boy the all these pictures a little naked boys well i guess it's just stuff i never opened up you know my list there's send me anything if they know i like something they send me a yeah if they know he likes naked little boys they send them all these pictures a naked little boys and some damn book they found and there's some like a book that all of it's like the pedophile manual man it's got all naked little pictures a little boys in there but it's just a coincidence okay because they're just trying to smear him because he's uh white well what the hell color is he this week uh are they're gonna make a racial take out of this he'll have to start doing blackface again and try to start dark it and up again don't have to put his piss on a front of time magazine and see if they can make it as dark as they made oj's bunch of crap black and white and green who gives a flying crap whether they're black and white if they're doing crime man then they're frying their ass they're harming other people in a friom right and there's that goddamn jack ruby on her how's he doing here's a mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir the broins are gonna win the Stanley cup next season oh yeah what do you think of that trade between the penguins bro trade for the bronze man exactly for the penguins but I don't think that I don't think the broins are winning those Stanley cup I can't wait to see uh oats nearly in the stevens on the same line yeah let me scary yeah but they I don't know this something about them and there's just a choke thing that hangs over the neck they do okay early in the playoffs and then they just fold up their tent they go home every year seriously I don't know what the deal is that's true I need to bring back Bobby or they need to suit up the turkey it Derek out there on the ice i'll straighten their ass out I have a couple friends that are a penguin's fan yeah i'll meet too can you play that guy on the radio play those goals the guy says he you can score you mean by playing yeah my clan I might work it out okay pal okay I might just be able to do that fact we might hear like four hours of my clan how do you like that if i'm in the right god damn mood you want to stay tuned the cares yeah like hell we do 16 wio d Miami Ford Latter Day hey y'all still talking entertainment radio 16 wio d looking for a brooured rapist good morning at eleven o'clock I and her a griff a news talk and entertainment radio 16 wio d brought to you by i gc assert his on for a dear field beach rapist w a y any mullet ball if you see k is yes you talk entertainment radio 610 wio d presents the nio rager shuttle did you what talk with nio call 751 wio d in date 524 wio d in broard outside the three o' five area code it's toll free 1 899 for four wio d and say the one customer's can call pound i o d at no charge now the new rager show a news talking entertainment radio 16 wio d nio on god that damn fact I can't stand up pain was forced out of center ice well the time it seems to take time to travel game boy the color come on this fight it's a so tensed stars low for all my time gives the thing was the lead for the three in what brand doesn't know whether the cry or one is what ride crates is on board with the armory auger and Kevin Stevens he goes ahead of the brawl against crates and crates and falling down the fuck way behind the net in order he was paired with your hands and has the fuck already over the day pool of well no fat left laying on this line with eagles and you can't play on the right side actually full is going to take center ice in the suit out the center now he's on a break I rock down ball it's the low but I like the right down the alley piece here and the pain was laid one and nothing Michael Michael motorcycle well just about hit seven in a vertical over time so what's wrong little vo the<|hi|>wires muscle head at least seven chances the sides Come in next year, the King of Pot, for your hometown, to ring to benefit the cargo class school, for wayward boys. It's Michael. Jack. The McLean is a picky, I've got a very epic science. Michael Jackson. Michael, because I found you many childhoods, don't matter if he's back all right. Michael, you're back. Yes, Michael performs all of his greatest hits from oldies with the Jackson Five. They're running the ABCs, I'm going down on my knees. Remove the Nidong of the Ace. ABC's, I don't mean, baby, you and me. That's right. From the time this tunes of the Jackson Five to the classic solo work, Michael Jackson's benefits are aims to please. People around the sofa, for you and I, some call me big brothers, some are better, but no one's true to fire. I just sit for a while and beat a beat of beat of beat of beat of the fuck. I beat a beat of beat of beat of the fuck. Michael Jackson. Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around, so can't wait and for a call from a call you call again. When I'm home and don't sit naked by the phone, I beat a beat of beat of beat of the fuck. And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's pressing room. Michael Jackson's benefits. Hey, yeah, I'm Michael. Yes, Bobby, is that your real skin color? Well, it's inside with gouts, but I know a game that we can play to find out as unsweetened fly. You know, it's time to free willy. Say, say, say, what you want, but you know who I give a picture or maybe don't know how to read, but then don't boys give me a picture. Just a little bit of the rousing finale, as Michael sings the song he wrote for the children of the world. With the Vienna Boys Choir, back in Hibba. I don't like girls. I like girls children. They are the ones who turn me on in me. I hope they will live. If I charge on something key, all my school of their lives, but it's true they make you greatest lay, with an anxious fight. Here are other great Michael Jackson classics. Like Billy's jeans, do you know how to tell time? And of course, smooth criminal. The dress of Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the cargo classy school for a wayward boys. Get your tickets now, boys and her 10th-bit and free. When a cup ain't by no one. They're white, they're really really tight. They're black, they're white, they're really really tight. They're white. But that's what she was shot to meet up, and maybe... ...and where's the happiness again? Yeah. 10-h after 11 at WID. It's the King of Petiphilia, baby. He's on top of it again. 25-making here, 15-minute, and over there. Small potatoes, okay? So, Defoe told me last night, little inside exclusive that it is. Michael after all is going to get that little kid out of the Pepsi bottle. We have an open line at Broward, 5-2-4-9-463. What on a green line? 1-800-Bite this. Let's go to Hollywood. Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Great songs there. I got your show yesterday because it was your show. I mean, uh, Jeff made basically just sat there. It was my show. Don't give me credit for that thing. Why no, but you will not go back on the show again. Did you make it clear? No, I will not. Uh, I mean, it just this studio with the band like David Letterman's band there. Yeah, right. Oh, she had those there. Yeah. And it was just you two right. And then hooter girls. People coming from the back like he must have been like people wandering through the door. They kept running on the parking lot to see if anybody was out there. They were I'm telling you, they would have welcomed muggers at that point. There were so desperate to see if anybody was watching the show. They would have welcomed anybody. Charles Manson would have been welcomed with open arms. The main question is, I know the hundred dollars was given out. Right. Was the ten certificates given out? One. Hey, listen, the twenty dollars certificate for hooters. You think people in that neighborhood are going to take the risk their life and limb to come out there? I mean, one guy, given credit, he showed up. Yeah. You probably see it, but he was running through the parking lot like it was the last hundred dollar bill that was that you possibly can win. It was. And listen, there are a couple of people. He had a clammy hand, that kid. Oh, they didn't even defy. He'd like was wiping his hand all over the place. Right. Uh, he and I like how you finally got defy to say that about Wayne I think. Yeah. Jack is. I did want to say Wayne is a J. Where, whatever. But you know, I said, Mr. I made it a little more palatable. Mr. Rising is a jackass. I wanted to say, asshole, but they got I asked to be for the show. I said, I don't want to use language on here. That's going to get your people nervous. Okay. But you can say douche bag, but asshole, let's wait for the next time. Of course, there won't be any next time. But there's a time with that show. You bet. Hey, listen, quick thing. No more surreal. Thank goodness. No more Brian Benny. No more Andre Luzidlamakin. No more this crap. No more this dead weight. Okay. Now they're gone. No more Terry wait. Now that should leave about five dollars left in the, you know, for our cause they're right. They probably made. That's right. When is someone coming in here? We're bringing Tim Horton back. You did make some good points. You know, I'm going to hell the donut, even from the grave man, can't touch those Tim Horton's donuts. Right, but you really make good points back to be as you see. He has a good going. We're not going to take that away from the show card. But it's just seem like it's a whole career. The third period when you needed him. He really, he reminds me of those guys at highlight. They make all these incredible stops off the wall. They're upside down. They're dancing. They're on each other's ass. And then all of a sudden, a little lob comes off the wall when he least expected. Oops. Yeah. No. There it is. Yeah. But now what happens now? You know, because, you know, of course, Brian Merch is we're going to go to a young team with five games this season. That's right. We're going to lose our ass. Right. These are probably have a four point goals. That's average. I don't know. I think our defense is going to be better. I really do. Oh, without shrill there. Right. At least we might have somebody doesn't fall down every time he trips over the blue line. You know? It might be able to actually get out of the wind and zone two. What is it? Do you think we're going to bring someone in here a name player? No. No. Wayne's not going to spend that kind of money. Well, how would he do this? Wayne is killing us. Man, he's taking the one thing we love. Hockey and he's going to kill it and butcher it and sell it. Pedal it to somebody else and make a lot of money and then laugh at us. Say, well, I tried to get you guys to go away. No, no, no. Yeah. He's a piece of crap. Right. One quick thing. Right. Where you go. Is this probably, is they don't leave next season, which is probably going to happen? Yes, it is. This will probably be the first time in history that a team probably came down for like two seasons. Three. Two and a half. Two and a half season left. And they'll be gone. Oh, I don't know. Back any early days of expansion. It was like the Kansas City scouts. And I don't remember how long some of those teams lasted. But some of them didn't hang it around to. In fact, when Denver had their first team elasted about five minutes. Five minutes? Yeah. Oh, good. They weren't even in the first period. And they said, okay, let's suit up in the Don Cherry. I think was coaching on his. Let's suit up guys and get out of here. He's still thinking he's coaching. He does. Okay, pal. Thanks, buddy. Great life. Hey, we had a big audience out there last night on a Jeff. On the Neil Roger show featuring Jeff DeForce, then his trees. Get your friends to listen. A real play Michael Bolton until you hurl. Oh, it's God. And now, language lab. The show that teaches you a foreign language in less than 60 seconds. Today, Italian. Lesson one. Excuse me. You're standing on my foot. Hey, listen to. Isn't that a beautiful woman? Hey, listen, three. Hey, mister, that's my sister, your kiss. Hey, language lab is a public service program in May not be copied or authorized for resale. Thank you. Okay, Don't say, Diego. It's 11 18 at W. I would do. We have an open line in date, 751, one on the green line. See that one thing about words. If you say them over and over again, it renders them meaningless. So instead of making these words like really shrouded like that word nigger, which is it's a really disgusting word. But if you say it enough, it doesn't mean anything any more. Just like Faggot. Who is it? There are people get upset by that word Faggot. It means nothing. It means zero. I mean, like fruitcake now. There's another story. But Faggot, well, okay, we have an open line on the green line. If you're in Bokeh, if you're a Faggot up there in Del Ray, 1-800-944, if you're a Faggot West Palm, run for your life, baby, they're coming to get you. Jesse, Holmes has got the Faggot police coming to get your ass and wait to see what they're going to do with it. Here's a lady in Wellington. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you today? Okay. One thing I thought was funny about that boy that came forward about Michael Jackson was in the article. They said he had to draw a diagram of his genital. Yeah, he had to would describe the markings. markings. Oh, okay. Well, I'm saying that. That was another lie. Don't you remember they could brought him into the strip search and hold deal and they took all the pictures. That was another lie. They said, right on Diane Sawyer, he said that there were no markings and that the kid was a totally this, he was like completely shown to be a liar at that point. And the fact is that there were markings and a kid knew exactly what he was talking about described him to a T or a P or whatever it looked like. And that was it. Well, I didn't realize the remarkings. I thought how different could he possibly look unless he was really like this. Every penis is different. Well, trust me. Yeah. Believe me. You wouldn't know. I know. I've seen my share. I only tuned in about a half hour ago. Did anybody talk to you about the article about pre-background checks? That was in the paper today. Yes, and they're very pissed off about it, too. Well, what was what I thought was. Brother old tool. Yes. What's amazing is like just in one diocese 40 out of 600 priests are refusing to fill it out. I can't understand why. That's a pretty high percentage. No, actually it's a pretty low. I would think that 400 out of 600 were refusing the other 200 would lie like troopers. Oh, well, yeah. Well, Neil, I ordered my bumper sticker yesterday. I will display it proudly. Of what? I would be. You ordered it? Well, I called George. Well, I see. Yeah. I mean, not a order to come out of the house. Yeah. I thought you meant from promotions because if you called them, you'll never get anything. Well, I didn't really know. I spoke to you. I think it was Sarah. I can't remember. You spoke to Sarah and you survived it? Is she? I'm right. Neil. She took her unbelievable Neil Rogers bumper sticker off her bulletin board and it's giving it to me. That was the last one. Yeah. So that was pretty nice. I'm happy. I bet the reading breaks are hard to take that off of there. Well, I haven't received it yet. So I'll let you know. Okay. Have a great day. Thanks. See you. Okay. Now, what is this crap they got in here? Oh, Estanoci on MTV Latino. They got the King of Perifelia. They're going to have a whole big thing on Estanoci. You miserable bastards. That game about what's his name over there that douchebag over on the beach. You ought to be ashamed of yourself propping up this damn pedophile. I got news for it. It was a spikstone there. They're not too big about child molesters. Okay? Not at all. Mama Sita. They're not too big on that kind of crap going on. So you can keep peddling the King of Pew call you want, baby. But sooner or later, they're going to come up and bite you right on a fat ass. They're game. You jackass. You exploiter of human misery and suffering. You big fat in by the way that tape you gave me still sucks. Remember that Luis tape they Miguel tape they put together and it bounced around like a bowling ball. I think was bouncing all over the place. The old up and down. That's not what I had in mind, Gabe, not up and down. It's 1121 a W. I. D. Cragic rip promo number. Oh, one. Oh, I'm sorry. We haven't done one, Dad. Hey, everybody. You like to go to LA? Me, does it the airport a week from Friday? We'll send you on a little scavenger hunt. We'll tell you more about it on the Rick and Sudshow. But it's called a tragic trip. When you think of tragedy, think of us. It's Rick and Suds. We date mornings on 16 W. I. O. D. 16 W. I. O. D. This talk radio stuff is good for you. Your end was this pretty sure. Okay, 1123 a W. I. D. And of course, some of the most benign people that you would ever think, you know, every now and then, let's something slip out that betrays a certain amount of prejudice deep within their bowels. Two of the dumbest white man that I have ever met in my entire life. But that's a whole different story. We'll get to it a whole different time. Okay, Mikey, it's 1124 at W. O. D. I mean, I'm not signaling him out. I just happen to find that cart and I thought it would be really timely. We've all got our prejudices man. And the fact that this guy, this cop, this porker, the fact he may have used the inward on numerous occasions don't make him nothing special. Okay, except just your ordinary schmuck like all the rest of us. But all that proves beyond a shadow of point, correct that Johnny Cochran. There's the one that I'm frying his ass. I bet you we took a vote on that right down color lines man. 100% of the white people in America say fry that Johnny Cochran's ass. He's a piece of crap. Slimey. You just look at him in the slime is oozing off his body. Off that ugly post. Just ask his ex wife by the way. No, she wasn't the wife. What is she? She was he was living with her, right? And then he she's taken him to the cleaners and I hope she gets every goddamn diamond every piece of rotten clothing. We have an open line in day 751. The green lines wide open of course because they're busy up there protecting school teachers and Palm Beach. So that was in dear field in in Brower. Like I said, bunch of bull crap going on here every day. And you people accepted just like I said, they keep spoon feeding you all this crap. But you believe that this is the way the whole world operates and you buy into a man. They'll you'll buy any crap they perilla. Just like Howard B. I'll said you'll tell you when that would be said, we'll tell you any shot you want to hear. That was the line. I'm number reaching. I'm stretching. I'm grabbing. We'll tell you any crap you want to hear. And that's exactly what it is. Maybe you'll lick it and you'll laugh it and you'll buy it up and you'll eat it and digest it and beg for more. W-Y-O-D. Oh, that's okay. You're on right now. I picked up Cochran's George's. Oh, hey, Neil. I about this crap about the lady they got beat up in Waterhill. Yes. It was my grandmother that wouldn't be a trial for that. There you go. See you. Okay. Excellent call. Sure. Right to the point. That's the way I like him. Okay. I don't believe it's vigilante justice. But lately since there is no justice, people are going to have to be forced to start doing their own justice, David. That's what I'm telling you right now, man. I'm getting sick and tired of this crap. This cracked in. See the whole way that this country deals with a drug problem. How come when you go to like most of these other countries? They don't have this problem of people killing everybody else to support their goddamn crack habit. That's like Oprah said everybody's got a big crack problem. That's the problem of this country today. And if there's anybody out there that wants to defend any form of cocaine to me, man, you better be whistle and dixie. I hope they take that what they ought to do is start. You talk about dropping a bomb. I just got the answer for the whole problem. Even though we probably have to move because the fall ought to be too close. How about each bomb? So I'm Columbia sounds good. All right. We got a whole country, the whole economy down there. Rob, revives around goddamn drugs. They got a big crack problem in Columbia, baby. I say, drop nuclear weapons on Columbia tomorrow. By Thursday, there are being no more drug problem. The Medine Cartel, my freaking ass. Okay. Take your coconut stick it. All these damn pseudo intellectuals. All these antichrist all those assholes. See the problem with all you people that admire and get all psychotic and goosey about these tabloids and the tabloid TV shows and about all these celebrities. Even your own pathetic little life is probably a thousand times better than most of their lives. Okay. And you're too stupid to understand that. Because every one of them is f-d up on drugs and every kind of crap. How about this schmuck and am making a big deal out of this British obvious Hugh Grant guy? Who gives a flying crap? Is that that that's a story? That's a bulletin that people in Hollywood are out curousing and screwing everything that moves like that's something new. What a concept. All it is is another guy then they turned it into a publicity stunt. They're just milking it for everything they can get if you pardon that expression. Just milking it dry. Oh, that's an unusual concept. People out in Hollywood are flandering in the cur- and do a carousing and crapping around. But oh man, we gotta we gotta admire these people because somehow they're gonna put their name on a thing out there in Hollywood the bullet of art and it's gonna be a big song in a dance. Right? Who gives a crap? Who gives a flying crap for 90% of those people? All they all suck. Who would you rather be for crying out? I'd rather be like any of those people. Johnny Deppor would you rather be Steve Ziggler? I rest my case, okay? Very simple uncomplicated life, big ball spot. Lots of food, a big pupic in case we have a famine can live for years on at stomach. What? I saw the program last night. Oh, he saw that's your last night. You're the other one. This is the eighth guy. Yeah, now what is that supposed to mean thumbs down? Hot shot. Very poor production. No, oh, that's a bullet like blame me for that. Very, but what do you think I went on there for? Because this poor guy's practically beggin me in tears. In tears, poor production. They got four guys falling all over each other. The only show I've ever been on were the host of the show I had a comment on the camera and falling into each other in the middle of the show on the year. Do you see that? And bribe the audience with $100 bill. Exactly. Is there anybody out there? Seriously, as soon as they started with it, if any, I'm surprised they give away 10 grand. If there's anybody watching, come down here, will wait. We'll stay until midnight. Okay, just if we can find one who's watching this show, come down here. We'll give you a million dollars in cash. We'll give you a TCI cable. We'll sign over to Goddamn least on the building. Oh my God. See you. I post a show. I have no shame. I'll go on any shot. Schlock showed a helper friend. At least he used to be a friend the last night. Here's the Hollywood. Hello. Morning sir. Yes sir. Where are you? Okay. I think that when you're on OJ this morning that the whole trial is shifted now, it seems that now they're only looking for one juror for that, for that doubt. You know that that beyond a reasonable doubt. And once they get them, that's it. What do you mean once they get them like they don't already have several? Well, they've got their making into a racial thing. They got like eight black people on a jury and they're making into a strictly a racial thing now. And we got a guy who says, Nigger a lot. So what do you think they're going to think about that? Right, but is that going to take that to a whole point now? That is the whole point because they're desperate. They have nothing else. Yeah absolutely. So now we're going to turn into a big, with divisive racial thing again. Here we got a cop who's a racist as if that's unusual. And therefore he must have been in collusion with all these other guys and they were brilliant to conspirators. Even though they were crappy on collecting the evidence and everything is contaminated. But they were brilliant on creating this conspiracy and the complaining all this evidence. And so while they did it, no J walk. And it drags on for another six months. And that's not of a bit. No, it's not. He'll walk. Well, not without me four six months. What do we not before six months? It's not taking another six months of this crap. But I'm here at the tape and by the time. No way, they're going to end up but next week. You think? Yep. Oh, geez, Neil, you're going on a limb. They're for they were saying they're going to end up this week. Oh. So now they got the tapes coming in. They'll end up next week. Maybe the week after it's related. Another couple of weeks and we'll finally get this thing over. We're here to a beautiful lesson. And millions of Americans will discover they have no life. And they got sucked in for a year and a half. Yep. The other thing that I was listening to the other day, I was tuning in, I heard Hank and Hank. It doesn't have many good points. Usually, but he had a good one there. Yeah. He was talking about when the arena was built. Okay. When the city commissioner and then the mayor got this arena built, they were saying that there was $20 million was all they needed to make it a full big time arena. And they did. Hey, stupid. Yeah. Show's not to go that road. Right. Okay. Now look what it's costing. And you know, the thing first of all, let me tell you this. This town, everything that goes on is a big, big fight, a big squabble. Everybody included that jackass Maurice Ferray. Oh, it's gotta be in the city of Miami. It's gotta be here. And like I said on defosho last night, if it weren't for Joe Robby, fell shullin' out the money for that stadium, even though they lost their ass. If it weren't for that, there would be no Marlins. There would be no Panthers. There would be no heat because they never would have gotten any franchises. Because if this was that much of a bush league town. And we certainly, the dolphins by now, if they still were playing in a toilet at Orange Bull, Robbie would have moved that franchise while he was still alive. He was on a verge of doing it when they were going through the fight over the stadium. Right now. So if he had warned for Joe Robby, there wouldn't be any major league sports at his town. There would be nothing for Wayne to buy. Exactly. Oh, now he's given us the threat. That was what 60 days ago. Yeah. Okay. Now we got 30 to go because he said it would be 90 days. Right. Okay. So what's what's going to happen? There's nobody's making a move here. No, they're making a move. They're all telling us to stop it. That's what they're telling. Palm Beach stormed us stuff it and before that city of Miami told him to stuff it. And in the beginning, Broward told him to stuff it. So Wayne's stuff it, baby. Exactly. As much as I love hockey, man, I'm not going to let some billionaire hold it over my head. Like we're going to be blackmailed to go out and have some entertainment to see something exciting. Screw him. Now when they're sad later. We got two billionaires out there. We got Mickey, Eris, and we got Wayne, Haisingha. The two of the richest men on the face of the earth. And they're telling us to the taxpayers. It's a bad deal. So instead of making them pay for it, we should pay for it. Brilliant thinking, baby. The best PR in history of the world. Yeah, great deal. Okay, thanks so much. See you. Bye. Best PR only. They'll have to pick off of it. We have an open line in the Broward 5.2. For I'm serious. The people in this town are fed up, baby. I don't care. We got a few butt plugs out there that you up drunk. It's a goddamn pre game at the stupid party out there before the ball game. The damn, and let me say it again. What kind of people go to tailgate parties at football games? I rest my case. Keep drunk to a trailer park trash. Basically, that's who goes to a truck to tailgate parties. Don't see no Jews out there with those damn right. We won't be showing up at those things. You don't see no brothers out there in no tailgate party. That's because they can't afford to get in. Yeah, how many black people do you see in the crowd at your Robby Stadium? How many black people going to afford those tickets for crying out loud? How many family people going to afford to take their kids to a goddamn ball game anymore? Forget about whether they're white, yellow, black, Chinese, whatever the hell they are. Who going to hell get afforded anymore? And they got the balls they're charging for an autograph. And they wonder now the NBA. Well, we may not have no season. Then we must have the hockey season and baseball shot themselves in the foot in the ass. Too bad. Too bad. Take your jocks, traps, and stuff. More to mone don't try to see what they don't understand is there are more important things in the world than sports. And I say that is a lover of sports. I love it. I love it. I love it. Especially JT snow on the angels. I love him. But I'm telling you right now, man. Having been to one Marlon game this year, ask me if I miss it. Asked me if my life is somehow deficient because I haven't seen the goddamn Marlins. Is it? No. I'm doing just fine. I'm not going to one dolphin game this year, even in the England game because I'll be out of town at weekend. Am I going to miss it with my life be lacking? I don't think so. I can see football up the ass. Right. I'm on both of my saddle like this. How do you like that? I got footballs coming out of every hole in that TV set. So there you go. But if you want to keep subsidizing like I said, if you want to be a fool, like those of you keep going to those Marlon games, I don't know what they're thinking about. I don't know what they're how you are thinking about. Oh yeah, they had naked morning streak. Well, what be maybe there's a real commitment there to this community, make no mistake about that. And if he keeps losing his 12 and 15 million year with that franchise, you mark my words next spring and X summary's going to be back with the same threatening words about a few people don't start showing up. I'm selling a franchise to Geneva, New York and it'll be the Geneva Marlins and you can stick away the Mundo and China by the way, it's $10 on a video he's supposed to bring back and you better rewind it. You miserable, grave robbing piece of Drek. That's what he is. Dictators, follow these rich people like Ross Pero and George Steinbriller and Wayne High Pingo man. I say basically a chop him off at that and they all stick the same. Whatever it all that means. I'll got that same imperious condescending attitude toward the rest of the human race. We got the big bucks, you're a bunch of pions and you'll do whatever it'll be want. Well, guess what Wayne to you, that's what everybody's talking. He's not used to it. Oh gee, they wrote a bad thing into paper about me. I'm pissed off too bad. The truth hurts, Baldi. 16 WIOD, Attention All Politicians. We know what's right and you don't. Hi, this is Randy West and they don't come any better than me, nor in Neil Rogers. I'm just a tax school in Hyderabad. You're a brand new company, you can. Charming and pleasant in a quite friendly way. A sense of humor to make someone chuckle. I saw who they got with as needs a buckle. He was caught by cop in Hollywood. They said that he was up to no good. Just lick off. And on that Friday, it caused a big mob when you got a hooker and got a bling. And get a buck job. In the back, he'd key went down on his knee. Stop broke it up. They saw her head far when you got a hooker and got a buck job. English don't have sex, they drink to my teeth. Unless you're part of the royal family. But if you grant's not like that, he's no regal snob. So he got a hooker. He got a buck job. Get a hooker and get a buck job. In the back, he'd key went down on his knee. Stop broke it up. They saw her head far when you got a hooker. And got a buck job. He got a buck job. Yeah, you got a buck job. He got a buck job. He got a buck job. I mean, bro, what is this mob anyway? I don't know. I know he's like a dornob, right? Don't back into one. Love him 40 at WOD. I really need, I mean, this business with a censorship crap. This is just, you know, we have to start picking and choosing ourselves. Because if we allow some drunk on a floor in there with a bottle of grandma boon to you know, forget it. We're not going to be able to say crap. We won't even be able to say trouser perch on here anymore. Pretty soon. And in fact, that's what he ought to do is basically, I think, perch. Here's West Palm on a purple line. Hello. I'm no longer West Palm. Now I'm on last oldest in the beach and for a lot of... I'm not so sure if that's good or bad. I like to call Brian and find out if you're going in the right direction. Good thing. I was up at F.A.E. going to school, but I'm done now. I called before. And I started to bring my kitten. She just ran out of the back of my truck. I'm strapping on my rollerblades. But, uh, first of all, pound of flesh to you. So they caught the merchant of Venice. Second of all, I called you from class. And this black guy called back and called me a cracker. Yeah. Well, are you running here on this show already today? Yeah. Oh, get out of here. We have an open line on the purple line. Pound I would say I thought he was talking about Rick and Spud. He was on this show already today. And now we're going to have pointless counterpointless. This is that was the guy from Michigan, right? That was the red neck who denied that to any red neck's in Michigan. I mean, what are you talking about? Michigan trailer park trash up the ass. I would say the only people who are with it in Michigan. There's like a few in Kalamazoo. It's a pretty decent town, but a lot of farmers. And Detroit of course, there's like a lot of us sophisticated hot shots. And, uh, where else? That's it. That's it. And lancing, of course. These don't say that. And, and our, of course, we know they're all a bunch of, uh, druggy. So, well, you forget about that. And, our work. You checked that. I rest my case. Just take a look at him, man. Yeah, lancing. I would say that lancing is the bastion of, uh, dope and blues and intellect in the state of Michigan. And then, like I said, there's a few in left in Detroit. A few white people will hung around. And then, of course, we've got some very intelligent black people who were smart enough to drive everybody else out and live them pretty good. And then, of course, to the other class of people who are living like in total poverty in the chaos. So, that's just another American city for you there, man. That's what it's all about. It's a real piece of direct. So, anyway, the other guy called him a cracker. And he was called people in the, you know, let's just sit around, call each other names all day. My point being the only reason I brought this up is because this Mark Furman thing is going to now take over already. Oh, Jay, case left off. You got a whole new case now because we got a white cop, uh, white guy who said nigger several times. Wuppy, what a concept. Wow. I can't believe it. I just peen in my pants. I can hardly, uh, believe that it's true. That a white person ever used the word nigger who's in law enforcement. Because we know, uh, for sure that people in law enforcement are never prejudice against gays or blacks. Your kids would long here. Anybody else, okay? Whoever they don't like, that's why they're wearing the badge and they got the gun. And I've got to tell you assholes. Another thing, especially with your Miami shores, all my good friends, of course, sitting there with their damn radar guns. I'm embarrassed for you guys. I'm embarrassed for you guys sitting on Northwest second Avenue every day. Right about where Howard Johnson used to be, but now something else. You know, I'm talking about sitting with your radar gun pointing down a street with that imperious look on your post. You ought to be ashamed to yourself. What do you go home at night? People are getting slaughtered over the damn place. Old ladies are getting beaten and murdered for crack money in his town. And you're sitting there under a tree with a radar gun. Worried about who's going 45 and a 35. You stupid piece of crap. I'm ashamed of this country, man. You're idea and the public sits back and accept this. Like this is acceptable law enforcement. Like we have the luxury of all the spare officers out there. You know what happened in New York by the way. Even before this Nazi came in as the Ameri by the way, they increased the number of police officers dramatically and guess what? The number of murders is way down. The number of rapes is way down. There's a lot of neighborhoods where the people almost feel field safe, which in that city is a miracle. What a concept. Because there's cops on the street all over the goddamn place. And like when you go to Rome, guess what you see all over the place, they lot police here in the carbon area. And every of they got more kinds of police than you can check us than they got kinds of cheese over there. And they're all over the damn place on the streets. And when you see him, you're real happy. You know, I don't know why? Because they ain't going to be no problem. Even the gypsies are gone. As Luke Christie said, the gypsy cried when he saw the police here on the streets. And that's the way that's right. They're out there as your friend. They're out there doing their stuff. They're not sitting somewhere with some stupid radar gun. That's because they're too backward to have those yet. Here's the Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Take a good. I'm jumping full of it today, man. I'm whipped up. It was that default last night that stupid show on at TCI last night that gave me the courage to come on here and open up a post. I lived down in Brazil for Kenyea. Oh, talk about crime. When you were, let me give you a salute. Let me tell you we're in that. I live in a thousand of the country, which is totally different. Yeah. And it's a lot. You're coming up real or so. I'm going to do it in the most dangerous places on a limo driver last night was tell me about reo, he said the most dangerous place on a face of the earth. Really tell you one thing. When I was there seven years ago, it was paradise. Yeah. I'm not any more man. I'm a paradise where I go. I'm sure you can find problems everywhere down there. But they, I won't just tell you that. They had soldiers on the street. Right. The military base in every city. They do it on the street. They take bring the trucks out to Guy, sit on the truck at night. They come out and they walk along the military. The military guys with their oozees on their shoulder in Rome just standing there at the top of the different buildings. Not bothering anybody. Just waiting for somebody to screw around man and they're not. And you don't have all the citizens running around there with guns in their guide damn pockets. Treatment about rights have guns. The only people that need guns in this country are criminals. Maybe I'll tell you that right now. Criminals and gunnuts, which is generally the same. Right. And parents who want to have guns around a house. So their little kids can find them and they should each other with it. Right. Exactly. I say every parent who's kid does something gross with a gun. That parent should go to the electric chair this week. Okay. You know. Keep. I'll go and pull the goddamn swish. Yeah. Everything you look at here. I mean, I went for the band. I was going to farm and we're just one minute. Go to one. Roman. Roman. Roman. The police guy. Yeah. He's a piece of crap. Yeah. Whatever he is. He said no. The reason he said no. Can you imagine what a pan-darris bond. His going to open when he does say yes. Of course. You never stop the whole power shift completely away. Right. That's what I just got to say. I mean, you got a new trial now. We got a hold of trial on racism again in LA. What a concept. You know, which isn't that bad. That's what they've been trying to do right from the beginning. If you start on thinking. It is that bad. We got a guy that killed two people and called blood here. He ought to have his ass in electric chair. And what they're worried about is whether people are racist or not. Well, that is bad. If he has lying in trial, he's in jail. Yeah. And the trial goes on. And he don't even state it forever. He'd make it good. And the tank pairs the California are paying for it. But the client is a expense. If it just keeps everybody busy about that, we can keep. I say, the client is anti-public. We've got a cost of son that's here. First, let him sit on a cost of lap and I'll see him Brazil not. We have an open line in date. 7.5. One one on a purple cellular one line. Pound IOD. We're going to come up with a solution to all the problems of mankind today by two o'clock or else. I'll tell you that right now. How do you like that? We're not going to sit back and accept this crap. We're going to change the whole goddamn human race right here on this one little radio station. And God, what a waste of time it is for me coming in here on this two bitnical and dime operation every day. When I should be on cost to cost on millions of radio stations, I should be on there pontificating with a goddamn pondive and telling him a thing or two about what it is to be a snappy dresser. That's the obvious question today. Who's the sloppy or dresser? The pope or me? That's the question. And if you saw me on that show on whatever that thing was last night, I guess I still got a beat. He does have a nice skull cap. And he stole that from the Jews too. How do you like that? 16 W-I-O-D. Making more than just your radio vibrates. Speaking of vibrating baby, Andy Calb has been declared the king of plop. It's 1152 a W-I-O-D. We have got two open lines on a green line. 018944-9463. Here's four-laterdale. Hello. Yes sir. I heard this comment says there's got a clear clear here. I mean, but this is negative thing. I mean, there's white neighbors and black neighbors. There's about 20 years of old bell bottoms. And you got to get a clean daily and national TV, making the same stirring things up. Right. I mean, come on, let's be honest. I mean, but what else have they got? Don't you understand they got an almost all black. You're reading. They've got a city where races like the number one issue all the time. Where everybody's all inflamed and thinking about Rodney King and all the other cramp that's gone down there. And that's the game that's the ace of spades at their plaintiff. You part in that expression. If you're in a pretty sports with black people, every time you know you're on in the public are there. And you know, it's just like when the people associated with race, that's the problem of the stupider to do that. The color that he's used is the way every day. Well, there's a right. There's a perfect example. Let's see. The problem was the guy lied in the first place. I can't. If he would have done it cleverly, if he would have said, yes, well, I have used the word. Unfortunately, it's one of those things. And we encounter a lot of trash out there on the streets, both black and white. And we, you know, in a moment of emotion, you wind up saying things. And you know, if he would have just passed himself off as being a human being, instead of some kind of a holier than now who never uses words. Like that. Now he's dug himself a deep pole and they're going to just stick it to him. You watch. It's only a word. It means nothing. I know it. People make it something. It means nothing. Right. Okay, pal. Huh? What he said. What's the guy saying? Open line and Broward. Five, two, four. We have an open line in the green lines. 1, 800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. So once again, we have more of a smoke screen. More of a cloud hangover that seen how he's using words like cloud. More of a see. They must mean something by that cloud, and it's a darky smokey. We know what he's talking about. No, you don't. I'm just saying it's a well, what word can I can't say smoke screen? That's where I come up with something on that. Huh? What if I say that this throws a dark. Now I can't say dark. Well, what am I going to say about it? Okay. I guess office gate. Most people don't know what that means anyway. They're covering up the truth. They're putting a bunch of dirt on top of it and trying to create something that don't exist. To get the jury looking at other directions. There's this jury man that ain't going to take much. Yeah, we got the foot prints and we got the blood and we got the this and we got the DNA and the RPA and the Ebola and we got everything else. But hey, he didn't do it. And we got the limo driver. We got the one minute to Bronco wasn't there. And then it was there and all the other crap on he didn't do it because we got a racist copy. And it's all set up. And we know black guys are always being set up by white folks by the establishment. Even though of course the two victims were white and he married a white woman. But that's, you know, you're nitpicking. Now he's talking about his hair again. Oh, Jesus. Here's you just can't win. Here's Miramar. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm calling you about the diet plan that you have. About the one. The diet plan. Diet plan. Yes. Number one that you were talking about how your blood pressure went down. Yes, it has. Yes. Yeah, man. Yes, it has gone down. Uh-huh. And I would like to have to play the way. Can I work and go to or who to play. I'll play you can go to for what? I'll put a diet plan that you have. How about the bookstore go buy the book? It's a book. Oh, can I have the book? Dr. Atkins. I write a list down because I'm all going to give it once the rest of the year. Okay. Dr. Atkins new diet revolution by Dr. Robert Atkins. It's a paperback book. Every bookstore should have it by now. Okay. That's the rubber that can. Robert Atkins. He's Jewish. And fat. Go get a pal. Okay. Yeah, that's nice. Not fat. He's just a little wound. He could use to lose 20 pounds. I'll be honest. So I'm not going to go into that diet thing again. Other to say than a lot of you, you know, I'm not listening to anybody. I got right back on yesterday. I had my stakes in the afternoon. I had a little bit of salad. I lost the a couple of pounds back on a scale that I gained over the weekend. By going off the deep end just a little bit. And my, uh, pukito stick is nice and medium purple. Not the real dark nice and medium. Just in a couple of days. I got right back on it. And my sugar is nice and low again. My pressure. I'm throwing away most of my medication. And my doctor called me at home yesterday. Bug off, doc. Okay. I know you mean well, just leave me alone. I'll be all right. Don't bug me. Fat. So he's got a lot more weight to lose than I do. We have an open line. How do you like that? My doctor's fat or an I am. Is that embarrassing? Or what? He's a good guy. But he's fat. And you know what they say about the good people are the fat people in the fat. Oops. Sorry, George. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I'm still in diet after 200 years. I'm a vampire. Yeah. Okay. Bite this. Open line in the day. Yeah. Exactly. And this guy is every day. Every day. This is the say the 800th call from the same jacket. Is that good? You're on a call, huh? What? Was he not the bank guy before? Oh, that's half of the bank. Like maybe he's the manager. Oh, I don't know. Yeah, bookkeeping my ass. We have an open line in day 751, 201 on the blue line and 201 on the green line. In other words, we got about four or five open lines on there right now. And that's not possible based on the incredible astonishing developments on his show today, which I'm not sure what they are. By the way, Phil Henry was at the dentist yesterday. Head a little root canal. Just a little one of baby root canal. And I don't know if he's going to be back today or not. But hey, listen, those top 85,000 calls of all time. Nothing wrong with that, right? Are you sure? I liked it. Here's poppin'o. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Sorry to fall that guy with the vampire. Oh, this guy, every day this jacket is on a phone. Every stinking day is an imbicill man with his cornball crab. Well, listen, I'm calling the thank you for the pleasure you give me in the last 18 months, but I'm getting out of here. Where are you going? Are you sitting down? I'm sitting tight. You're looking New York. Oh, well, they got a lot of good, a beautiful club beer up there. Yeah, that's about all they're known for as you see. You got it, baby. And I have two shameless requests. I'm not picking good time. You're leaving in about a couple of months when the first snow starts hitting? No, I'm going to wait about two or three more weeks. No. Why do you might still get a little sunshine? Yeah. Can I get a shameless request from you? Yes. I'm taping you so I can bring you up there and spread the joy. Spread it, yeah. Yeah. Sitting on a bench in Del Rey. No problem. And maybe a little bowel move by the end of the day today. Well, I do it a little good. I might work on it. Okay. Thank you very much. That was a good deal. I'll do a face-up there in Del Rey. I'll turn it right now, man. Especially in Albert's and you don't want to mention this door, my name. But I just did it right. Do the card or the ball. She drives my view and gives, she's three feet tall. I wouldn't write what's done no way. I said I needed a lady to take. Oh, hey. Just sitting on a bench in Del Rey. Waiting for the lovely past to take me away. Oh, and just sitting on a bench in Del Rey with my thin hand. I ain't gonna do it. But I did time to take my chance. First and first days don't always stay the same. All that good and do what you never tells me to do. The private her life, she must be in a pain. I just sit and feel rested in my bones. I won't run away my wife won't leave me alone. We've talked it over and I never waited. I just wind up stepping through the morning again. Oh, so I sit on a bench in Del Rey. Waiting for the lovely past to take me away. Oh, and just sitting on a bench in Del Rey with my thin hand. There it is. It's about time. I just waited. I hope you're in this bench. I just don't know what you're doing. I just don't know what you're doing. Don't touch me. You're listening. And we're getting paid. 610 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. A news-talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Hang up on something, rather. Good afternoon at 12 o'clock. This is Jennifer Rem. News-talking entertainment. Radio 610 WIOD. Rottu by NFT. As the strike deadline. Years for the communication workers of America. It's Union hopes to show Southern Belle. They're ready for a fight. WIOD's Trish Anderson reports many locals are standing by their side.