W-A-E-Y-E-S-U-C-S Use Togget Entertainment Radio 6-10 W-I-O-D presents the Neal Rogers Show To talk with Neal, call 75-1-W-I-O-D in-day 5-2-4-W-I-O-D in Broward Outside the 3-0-5 area code, it's toll-free 1-800-9-4-4-W-I-O-D And so, you know, one customer is called Power on DOD at no charge Now, the Neal Rogers Show, a news-talking entertainment radio, 16 W-I-O-D We're looking at 10-inch, it just keeps getting bigger Despite his age, Bob Dole would give anything to become president of the United States But first, he needs your financial help That's why the Franklin Mint is proud to present the Bob Dole commemorative plate collection Yes, this priceless set of collectors plates can be used simply by making a campaign donation First, we'll send you his upper plate, then his lower plate And if you act now, we'll even send you the plate in his head Absolutely free No, this isn't some cheap imitation ripoff is actually quite expensive So take your time, these babies will be here for quite a while It's the Bob Dole commemorative plate collection Available now from the Franklin Mint, cash only please Okay, 10-0-6-W-I-D, happy Wednesday to you This is the law before the storm and guess what? I don't think Jackie or anybody else is going to find it as 4-10 inches Because I'm doing right now one of my favorite hobbies in the world And that's watching the weather channel You know, this is one of those things when a weather channel first came on cable years ago I said, this is the dumbest goddamn thing I've ever heard of in my life Channel that's going to be doing the weather 24 hours a day Who the hell is going to watch that? And of course every time we get out of the tropical storm We get a number 11, a depression, a number this One with a name, one without a name, one with a cute name One with an ugly name, a Felix, Pac-Fan, Felix, the cat And all of you start going back to the guy named Weather Channel Because first of all you don't have to see Brian or Cross Which makes it worth the price of a mission And secondly, it's just you get fixated on it And especially when they got the local forecast there with a radar And you keep it's you know, you're sitting your house And you watch that green and yellow and red stuff and you just wait You know, you look out to window, you listen, you wait for the thunder lighting And it's like, I don't know, something to do here And it's saying a lot And so now there's this enormous blob that's sitting right off the tip of Dayton Broward right off the southeast Florida coast And it's been sitting out there and in the course we got these other two that are right behind Because now as soon as somebody farts on a west coast of Africa Everybody out there is like right on top of it Because hey, everybody is all concerned we're going to have 80 million hurricanes So this blob last night after dark they said we're going to get 48 inches It was going to be a nightmare overnight it was going to get up this morning There hasn't been a drop of rain It's as dry it's steamy It's like a goddamn jungle out there And I turn on the weather channel and the guy is saying, well, the winds are from the northwest Which for the moment is like, you know, moving a stuff away from Dayton Broward And it's kind of like going in this big circular motion And guess what? It's getting all those bastards in Palm Beach Oh man, if anybody deserves it, this is called getting even If anybody deserves getting all the grief they can It's those people up there in Palm Beach I hope they get flooded out. I hope they're like up to their armpits in rain by the end of the day So that was it about seven o'clock this morning. Now I look at it here a few minutes ago On a radar and the northwest of Lee ones are pushing this big blob Even further away from Dayton Broward, all the course we're going on here saying Look for 10 inches today, maybe she was talking about something else Maybe John Holmes is making a comeback Bring him back alive, baby So anyway, this stuff is like all blowing in this big circular thing Like around us and up into Palm Beach and up into a barvard and whatever is up there I'm not saying that we're not going to get any of it, but boy, it sure is fun to sit there and watch it Ain't it? It sure beats chipping your tooth on a sole bottle I could go on for hours about this experience. Yesterday about five o'clock I'm sitting there. I'm having my witty on the grill And I get a bottle of sole out of the refrigerator and now sole water, which is great And I love it and it's got the it doesn't have like the kind of a camp on a bottle That you have to pull off of an opener although some of you macho guys I'm sure pull it off either with your well, are two ways to do that to show if you're really macho There's some guys who take like a real camp on a bottle. They pull it off with their teeth And then there's some really macho ones who pull it off with their Breckham, but anyway, that's another story So these are the kind where you have to like separate the two parts on the top You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm talking about And sometimes it's just you can't do it with your hands either your hands are a moist Or the thing just a slip it or you just can't do it And I'm amazed that Rick and Satsin either one of them They both deny that they've ever opened one of these kind of bottle tops with their teeth Everybody does that You open up all kinds of packages with your teeth you open up like that's what teeth are for And if nature was feared or was which they're not they would have already You know had enough foresight to realize when you're opening a bottle caps with the guy The teeth and made him a hell of a lot more durable And so I opened up the guy damn bottle cap with my teeth and all of a sudden I I see this thing flying It's a tooth well, it's a part. It's like I've chip like 80% of the front of one of my front teeth Off the off the face of the earth and there's nothing but odd at the filling isn't there and I'm sitting there sitting there like my like pissed like and of course then once you get something like that and you're About your tongue starts you know reach it up there you don't even reach up there with your tongue I bet you did and you're tongue just it's something about nature man. You're tired It just doesn't feel right. It's like there's some invasive thing. Look at that rain and west Palm Beach Every place else cloudy mostly cloudy partly cloudy west Palm Beach. It's raining So as luck would have it my good close personal friend Cheryl calls me about something else and I tell her this story about You know I'm asking you to do you think these emergency dentists are open now and because it's not an emergency It certainly doesn't hurt but it's gross, you know And as luck also would have it hurt dentist who's a great guy in Pembroke pines He you know made the availability for me eight 15 this morning. I go in there in 15 minutes. I've got a new temporary tooth there It's like a freaking miracle and you know something it looks better and feels better than the other one And there's a long convoluted story that goes along with us. Okay about where the guys located About the directions that Cheryl gave me which I did find it because I used to live right down the street there in Pembroke pines It's a half-ton-high it is in villas lakes years ago So if things get boring I'm gonna tell that long story. Okay, look at that. Oh Jesus look at that like I said Brower County. I don't think you're gonna escape it man, but date County. We're looking pretty good. It's like a big it's like a crescent It's like a big crescent rule and date County is like the hole in the middle Look at that thing Brower's got it Palm Beach has got it big time So we probably won't get any calls from Brower today You're not on the way to the right You don't know where it's been holy cow errands coming these are the real stories of Batman's like patrol Batman Batman way you're gonna go Way you're gonna go when you're out of super force Batman Batman The crime party is in which you think sure you have your super villains, but when they're all locked up You deal with the same things all law enforcement personality with hang on what would be unrivaled Big domestic squaddle Batman doesn't seem to trailer park All right, so here what you tell me would happen? I didn't mean to push the Batman I did me too But she's making fun of my shells on the TV and I just sent me also a moth I see I had it. Are you all right? He's an animal. Hey, and have no right to do what he done I want you to walk in the Batman style right now Let's go 10 17 and WOD so anyway, I get this information from Cheryl about her dentist who's in Pembroke pines right up the street from where I used to live On hiatus by taffed by Johnson I go to bed and I'm having these dreams these bizarre dreams This is really a freaky these strange dreams all night about my good friend Bill Carter who used to live in a colony point Which should probably help to put him in early grave in Pembroke pines years ago and a whole the whole concept of this dream is I'm trying chronologically in my mind to figure out where he was working Where I was working and where I lived and when did I move to here and villas lakes and it was bizarre And I drive over there this morning from my appointment at 815 and what's on the corner of Johnson and hiatus is colony point I To call up doctor Laura with that dream. That's really bizarre I know it may not seem like much to you, but it's just very very strange Because if you would have held a gun to my head and said what streets is colony point on I just said I don't know somewhere over there What all the old people in the Pembroke pines I have no idea Bizarre, okay? Great Also by the way, we're looking for a liver for Larry Hagman if we have anybody in the audience out there would like to donate a liver for Larry Hagman I mean everybody love Larry Hagman. I dream a genie Dallas big star Mary Martin, so is Mary Martin still alive or what did we ever figure that out Who was it that was in a car was it Helen Hayes Was it boxing Helen who was in the car with Mary Martin? So anyway now he's got a problem and why because he's got cancer? Why does he have cancer deliver because he was a drunk? What a concept what a surprise So and also listen now here's gonna be our question. They who would you rather donate your liver to would you rather do it now for Larry Hagman or wait about six months for Steve nickel? That's the question. Here's uh, what is that? Palm Beach hello What is it? Okay there we go. There's our first call today. He's mad. Well that was for Lodden Hill. Here's Palm Beach hello Okay, that takes cure calls for the day and let's just get the music ready. All right. That's a good start like I said I got a call to freaking says before that was really good. Oh, yeah, you know needles a thing that he was talking about yesterday We just can't get through we can't get through that's why there's problems on a goddamn phone We just can't get through there's the first call and the last call of the bag that's a good Okay, so let me reach back here in my second goodies. I guess they must like the music is what it is. Okay, that's the end of that Got some goddamn good stuff here baby trust me when I tell you And they got can't even figure out that he's on a goddamn here. It took him like what 30 seconds to figure out What was he about two years old? Okay, you let me know when you're ready and I'll maybe we'll consider but I have my doubts New format The night, the dancing drink, from home down to404 cook1 cooker 1 cook 1 cook one shoot! cook 1 cook 1 cook it cook it cook it cook for a day cook it clean up the tea and roll the<|sn|> whet adding the bowl you are delicious poor Baby feel faster, I leave them in me I got a letter with no falling in looking at me Several letter walking away You're better than me, you know it's been so long Yes inside, I'm so proud of you What might you buy a way to make it way to make it You're better than me, you're better than me And the fire is building as close as in By I made it with enough Boy, I'll see Check after seat, just watch my lot Why in a minute, we made a mistake Why in a minute, that's why these minute is messed up by money It's all I've seen, I still love you focused on something better Yeah, he had some dolphin tickets. We've called see Rick this morning. The alluding himself into a fall sense of security and all their calling in for is the god damn free dolphin tickets. Who's getting who huh? Anyway, 10 22 at WOD all the hits all the time. Maybe get used to what that's the new format on his show. That's the new deal. I'm gonna, but the only problem is because I'm gonna have to go out and buy my own music. It's gonna cost a pretty penny to build a god damn library here. But it's gonna be great. Just take the phone out. Good bye. Have a great life. Sit there. Watch the weather radar and the good luck to you. That's all I can say. I'm gonna bite into my soleb body. A lot of the top just into the whole god damn glass thing. Okay? And just crumple all my teeth on a counter right now. Don't waste your time, baby. It's all music Wednesday on 6 10 WOD. The station that used to have an audience that you stay on phone calls that you stay on radio shows. But now we got nothing but a bunch of god damn free loaders. Okay? Kiss my fat ass. 6 10 WOD. Stimulating radio, move closer and feel us vibrate. Starting to show you exactly where the goes is want to be rolled over it your only you you you you you you you ya little plane, just the lovely flower back your heads you看到 cumbling Come on, let's get back to the air. Come on, let's get back to the air. Come on, let's get back to the air. Come on, let's get back to the air. Come on, let's get back to the air. Come on, let's get back to the air. Come on, let's get back to the air. I'm overcoming, I'm overcoming, I'm overcoming. I'm overcoming, I'm overcoming. I'm overcoming, I'm overcoming. I'm overcoming, I'm overcoming. Please don't destroy me from all over. Come on, let's get back to the air. And Làrd And Long Swish There's street a E 오� replay To go in a round A third moon is star We are the trouble that you get in the by itself. You should have left the half at your own door shut. A rich, a key of And a road into me. Please, there way from my perfect kiss. When you love life, you still feel need to suffer. Just head down to the pet shop for another. Another love, huh? Come on and do the rich, a key of Rich, a key of Rich, a key of Rich, a key of Rich, a key of Rich, a key of Everyone knows the American job All out, everyone knows American job all out. A key of And a set of All out, you Where you go by the end. Here you are, Here you are, Here you are, Come on and do the rich, Just your future Be alive, And I just do the All the time. Me, is not your finger. Or with your eye, Come on and do the You, And I can't take on my face. And there are nothing I can do. You, Come on and do the All out, you And I just do the All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, you All out, people I can't actually Sit. I can't hands You, Don't spend anything You, You, And I just do All out, you You, And I just do the All out, We're calling you, girl, it's not a plane We're in the home, dead in all the palm No matter how I try, I love you I love you, I love you, I love you I love you, I love you, I love you I love you, I love you, I love you I love you, I love you, I love you I love you, I love you I love you, I love you I love you, I love you I love you, I love you, I love you I love you I love you Y'all I want me to wait no more From the bottom on your final love From the bottom on your I got it like an endurance test just to get to speak to you. Yes. I mean you're complaining. No, I did an endurance contest to get anybody to call that's what the endurance contest is on this end of the line, Mr. You're really doing it to change the format. Yeah. You need to go back to the days when you had the burden for pre-duff. Yeah, right. You're really arguing yourself. You don't you're, you can't see the tree to the first and you want to argue with me. I'm, you know, this is the same guy who calls every guy damn day. So I do change the guy that's all right. I never called you about this in so today. I'm tied to hearing you show it in a show and I'm so sorry to see your show going down. What is the show within a show? What is that? Between the diet, the hockey, the horse, it's come on, Neil. Or someone other words, what was you like me to talk about? See, what would you like me to talk about? I finished before you get so off. I'm asking to the question. What would you like me to talk about? Let me finish my first thing and I'll get to that. Yeah. Okay, Mr. Rex. But here's the program. Oh, no, you're at. Why can you program director and you need to really first it down and get your show back into some sort of, well, if you can sober up, let's see if we can work it out. Have a short more. I've added to lately with this nonsense you're doing. You're killing yourself and you're going to hurt yourself in the rating. Wait a minute, it was a, you know, something. Let me tell you something. I'm not just here for ratings. Okay. You are not know. I'm not just here for ratings. Okay. This show is sold out. Okay. You'll show is sold out. Okay. You think that all those people are aligned up at Lorenzo's to get this stuff. You think that this guy is supposed to? You have to keep calling you going to you stupid, fagging hanging up. How many times can you hear that, Neil? I can't hear it. Fifty million times a day. I don't care about it. Okay. Anybody with an education is not calling you show. What are you listening for? Because I, you asked for somebody to call you. You know, what are you listening for? I'm not going to be listening anymore. Right. This is, you know, so this is the oldest scam in the book. I'm not going to be listening anymore. Neil, it's the truth because it's too hard to get into you show. Listening to this crap, you know, you are the one destroying this show. No, now I do not want to. I'm still waiting for you for the, I'm down by playing this mode town by going into your, by playing this mode town. Right. How often have I been playing mode town? Well, I was playing two songs. Three days. That's right because the phone ain't ringing. Probably that's right. It got you off your hand. It got you off your hand. It got damn full. It was a pretty cheap performance. No, I was going to question. What do you want to hear about? Neil, you started off with Larry Hackman. That wasn't a bad topic to begin the day with. Yes. Where's the calls? Well, that's just it. You encourage these pumps to keep calling. You hang it up, making these. Wait, wait a minute. I encourage them to call you. How did I do that? You do. How did I do that? You, you give my girl. I said here. I didn't talk about pumps about bags about anything. I talked about Larry Hackman. I talked about the thing with Chip and my tooth. I talked about having a very strange dream, which I'm sure most people can relate to having experiences like that. But nobody had anything to say about it. But it's going to be a topic for a beginning. Instead of you're only spreading out too long. That's the problem. Oh, you're always spreading out too long. I'm talking about hockey. Neil, the fact that somebody's calling you up like this man. Don't you see that there are a lot of other people that feel the same way. The feeling way about what? Feel the way about what? The way you show it. So what other words you don't like the show? Okay, so what do you listen to? No. No, my show ain't going down. Your tubes this town is going to. By doing what? What was it that made the show great? What was it that made the show great? Let's go back to the old days. When you had the computer. And what was it that made the show great? You had two guys that you could show. No, they haven't been on this show for years. Okay, the show has been great. It's been number one for years. They haven't been on this show for six and a half years. The show has kicked out. What's been going on in the last six and a half years? What you've been listening all the time? No, let me ask you again, instead of being a stuck record, what's been going on in the last six years that isn't going on now that you've been listening for? The way you've been acting lately with this diet, with the poker burgers. You're chasing people off the air. The poker burgers was yours. The goal and we've had the highest numbers we ever had on the show since then. Okay, I really stop listening. He's listening to you. When you stop listening. When you stop listening. Here's a guy that stopped listening. He's calling, but he's stopped listening. Well, you, I tune you in the morning. See, it's like an old habit. You know, like an old habit that you can't break in. You're in his 1037 already. And you still haven't turned it off. You listen through three guy. They're in Motown, record it all like. I just told you to do endurance test. And I think you should reevaluate what you're going to tell you something. Paloxon endurance contest for me. See how long I can stand is God damn horse and buggy town. That's the guy damn endurance contest. Oh, yeah, let's go back to Caprieta in a bird. Caprieta's out in California. Okay, seeking career somewhere in show business. And the bird is sitting up there in Lakeland, cackling to himself. I need to want them to come and back. And this guy wants to go back to the days of Zeta seven or eight years ago. You can't turn the clock back, baby. Okay. I'm doing the same thing now that I've been doing for years and years and the fact that they had a lot of good things for people out there. And George was right about that man. I sacrificed the guy damn show to do something good because I discovered something. And all I did was take a lot of abuse by the way, oh, you must be really raking in the dough. This is a setup he's getting. I didn't get squat from Bob Atkins or anybody else. I certainly not from the people who got on the guy damn diet. What I did do for myself was get off my diabetes. And if that's boring to you, pal, I don't give a crap. Because that's your guy damn life. And you're talking about simple things. I'm talking about something serious, which the Simplen's can't relate to. Okay. Those people say, hey, fag. And that's the, you know, that's the material they got. And like I've been saying last several days, what I've gotten back from those thousands of people with their goddamn diet except for their stupid questions, which is why I got off the topics in the first place because what you get back is nothing. Just a lot of stupid old people calling you want you to give them an immediate guy damn pill for all their goddamn problems. Oh, but I'm so constipated. Why do I do now? Just sit on it and squeeze with all your might, baby. Squeeze the bag as hard as you can. That's what you ought to do. All these goddamn programming experts over playing all this Motown. Your goddamn right, we are, baby. We're playing Motown all Motown all day. That's it. Sure beats the crap out of most of what we got on the station. I'll tell you that right now, including that point eight on the weekend. And sit down with your program director and sober him up a little bit and have a great conversation with him and straighten that goddamn show out. And then he has the balls to say to me, oh, that Larry Hagman thing if you're out, that was a good subject. Yeah. And. And what about it? You want onions or bacon on it or both? It's not on the diet. You're in Lala Land. I'm going to sit here and do a goddamn monologue like I'm talking to a bunch of guy damn infants out there. And that's basically what we got. We got people are emotional infants and then we got the old people are going through their second childhood. We got the emotional cripples out there. Oh, is he nasty today? Nails. Where we going? Let's do a real programming critique here. Okay, let's find out all the problems what is God damn show. With this right, let's have Chris Baker on here for a couple of weeks between 10 and 2. That'll straighten you bastards out. Here's Miami. Hello. Anyhow. God, I'm just hanging it up and going home. No. Well, I think you make might decide to do that. Why is that? Your show is really blowing. And you're listening to it. That's right. Why? Oh, here's going to be turning it off. You know, when is that going to happen? Is that going to happen? Why is the call in? Is that going to hit? Is that going to happen when the doubt he's turning it off right now? Let's hear from all the people not who are going to turn it off, but who've already turned it off. If you've turned his show off and you're never going to listen again, call in right now. See, this is what's called compensating through their own inability to say. And you ask him a question that can't even respond to that. That's the best part. Okay. Well, what would you like to hear about? No, while you're talking about it, it gave me a list of 8 million different things that I talk about. None of which they like. Well, what would you rather hear about? What would you like? What do you got to say constructive? Well, I'm going to turn it off right now. Just like that guy in a car phone. He's shutting it off right now. He's going to turn it off. He's got his hand. Like my guy damn mailman Rick a few years ago. Remember that well, you know, we were getting ready to turn it off. We were getting we had our finger right on the goddamn knob. I bet you did Rick. So go ahead, turn it off. What the hell do I care? That's the biggest problem with this radio station is we recycle the same goddamn QM over and over and over again. There's 2 million people in the Dayton Broward County never even heard it got them WIOD. And maybe 10 of them speak English. So how do you like that? Or Mr. Noston. Give me a break. We're getting ready to turn right now. We're going to know you're not know you're not because you're afraid you're going to guide them miss something. That's what you're afraid of. That guy's name was Scott Daniels by the way. He's a Randy chronic. Oh, the one I was just on there now. The first one. Oh, the first one. Oh, yeah, he's obviously a chronic. Make no mistake about that. A Randy chronic. Oh, there you go. That's great. Poor Randy. She's dying a wicked death up there on JNO. All she's got is a bunch of bull-like colors on etch-show. Maybe she'll be getting Shannon fucked and now she's got time on her hands. Here's West Kendall. Neil. All right. Sorry. I was on speaker. Don't be sorry. OK. Let's hear it. Come on. I'm ready for it today, maybe. Let's hear it. Now, no. Let's unleash it, baby. Come on. When are you going to turn it off? Can I tell you? I've been listening since you've been on with Kathy McCullot that long ago. You did a few days ago. I was a hell of a guy. I was a great show. And then all of a sudden the phones died for a couple of days. Now I'm a bad guy. They're getting ready to turn it off. Bring back the freaking bird. Bring back Capriita. Get on a handset knees on a floor. Start eating some food on a floor day and those were the good old days. Listen, I was like. I could tell you plenty of not those good old days when we come in every morning and try to find if the goddamn equipment will work. And we could get the board on here. That's what great days those were on Zeta. I was listening years ago. And let me tell you, I'm a devoted listener. The only thing is waiting online. That's probably what most people have to promise. I don't have much waiting online these days. I don't know. I mean, I'm the way maybe 10, 15 minutes today. So what is that? What is that? No, that's nothing. That's nothing but people who are coming. I'm calling from a business and it's hard. I mean, I haven't been used to be hard. How come we had all these zillions of people in their house sitting around good for them? I don't know where to go. And I don't know where to go. And we saw me go through this. Not like this. Not like this. We've come to a this whole radio station. It's come to a screeching home. We're like out of business. We could put a shingle out on the front door and say, gone fishing. And how business is they close up for a month or two, that's what we ought to do. Shut the guy. You're going to do this every summer. You know it. But you know something. You get worked up. Wait a minute. Up until about three years ago, in this market, summer used to be great. Kids were all out of school. The teenagers, all those guys used to love this show, love this station. And then about three years ago, maybe people got smart. Maybe they started bailing out of here in the summertime. They don't come back till September. I don't know. I've been listening for years and I still love this show. I'm a musical lover and I never put on FM. I haven't gotten tired of it. And I don't know. I still love it. I love when you talk about like music and stuff and restaurants and... No, I see that. No, you're going to get that guy pissed off. That's Scott Guy, that chronic guy from Andy shows going to get pissed off. You know what? The one who just keeps winding. How do you like that line? He just keeps winding up here every morning. It's out of habit. Even though he's disgusted and fed up, but he can't stand it. He just keeps winding up here every morning. Hey, you don't need those people anyway. You don't need those people. There's some people who just... Go back to New York, you got dimmled fart. Hey, that's why I'm from. Like I said. But listen, those people you don't need and I don't know. I still think this show is great. This show is great. The audience sucks, okay. Let me say it again. I come out here even about the old jay thing in a firm and trash. I see things that nobody in the goddamn country dares to come on here and say, and the response is the sounds of silence. I'm not sure if you can hear it and Paul Simon and our Garfunk clarin bearers by the response from this. Who wants to hear it day after day? You hear it? Everybody is sick of the regular news already. They hear it every single hour. They're sick of it. They don't want to hear that. I'm going to open my Soleil bottle from the bottom now. I'm just biting the goddamn glass right off the bottom. See here about OJ on your show and they can go home after 2 o'clock or 5 o'clock. Watch your news and that's all they hear. Nobody... They don't listen to you show for that. They want to you know, a lighter subject, you know. Even the adkins, I thought that was great. I mean, I don't know. I get interested in hearing what other people are doing and this and that. But you know something where are those people? Where are those 50,000 people out there who are losing probably collectively 2 million pounds already? Where are those people? I don't know. They're out there. Where are they? What are they doing? They don't even have the goddamn gratitude to the balls to call and kiss my ass. How do you like that? They should be lined up at the door. I saved their goddamn lives. I got diabetics who are off their insulin off their glionase off their glucatrol off their ass. And these people are out there. They just take her as a man or just a bunch of goddamn takers. I could be lying here in a goddamn pool of blood and these people wouldn't call. The only people would call. Hey, Tommy's a douchebag. That would be it. That's this town man. A bunch of siblings and have a great day. Alright. See you. Care. Open line in date 751 1 in Broward 5241 on a green line 1 809 4 Motown. Right baby. This is the day we're drawing a line in the goddamn sand. It's going to be heavy duty. Baby, a better get online right now. It's going to be heavy duty. It's going to be pouring cats and dogs. If it isn't where you are right now, any already. It's going to be your captive audience on the inside. And let's get those Broward people off their ass. Two open lines on a whole goddamn board. We got 674 lines right now. And 672 are lit up. Two of them did in Broward. Isn't that a said commentary? So what the hell if it's raining? It's going to be a great day. And the next day. Okay. Okay. Great. How are you doing? Fine. Good. Are you going to be turning the show off pretty soon or what? No. I'm listening. How long have you listened to this show? What? For about two or three weeks? Two or three weeks? Yep. Only two or three weeks? Yeah. Just started listening. Too bad. They never heard when it was a good show. Used to be great. Yeah. I know. Can I make a sandwich? Yeah. I should get out of here. Okay. You got any complaints about anything today? No, I don't. Good for you, pal. Have a great life. There you go. There is a young man who's happy. He's having a good time. He's having a great life. Just like I could be. If I had a guy damn audience here that had a guy damn. That had the energy that would give just a little bit. Not a lot. Just a little bit. Except waiting for us to give away the dolphin tickets. Oh, you got a, you got to have some kicking around here somewhere in the. He'll come on. We want some freebies. Come on. What do you got? You. Oh, man. Absolutely. Like I said, let's get a new tron bomb. Blow up the audience and start from scratch rhymes with. I mean, let's just snatch a whole new audience right out of thin air somewhere and start from scratch. I'm waiting on those two. Broward lines. Come on. Let's go. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. Wildy. Yesterday when I was going Randy and raving again. I'm asking about how about that. Atkins died. Those two or three months. Did that piss a lot of people off to that. You know, we're a lot of people bored by the. No response on it. Now all of us in today. This guy starts off this Scott. What's the guy's name? Scott hole. Dang. Scott. Oh, Scott Daniels. That sounds like a chronic donor. Once you're going to get his own guide damn show. You and Capri, didn't it? Bird. I can just hear it right now. Maybe it's going to be big probably on the light bulb. Put that guy damn norm. Can't write out a business. Who's talking to O.J again, man? Here's Tamara. Hello. The problem with the show is that you're gay. Oh, that's the problem with my show is that I'm a fang. Okay. That's probably true. And that just started a couple of weeks ago. When I turned Fag, that's a good point pal. You're right. Give me a woman in here. Okay. Give me some slot. Give me some real loose bitch in here. And let's see if we can't straighten this whole problem out. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. You wanted somebody to turn it off already. Yeah. That's me. Yeah. How did you? How'd you hear me ask for that? I got a call from a friend who said that you were looking for somebody who'd already turned it off. All right. Great. You got a call from a friend. I get to fire reports. Yeah. Right. Wow. Yeah. Didn't take what is how long go did you say it? A few minutes. Okay. Well, so you're right. It didn't take very, I guess it's very far. Okay. Well, forget about how long it took. Let's hear it. What's the story, pal? Nothing. Just like a couple weeks off. Neil. What is it? You're right because because because I don't want it. I still don't want to know that I still want to know. I'm not missing anything. So I get a call once in a while. But yeah. Turn it off for a couple of weeks. What do you mean you want to know if you're missing anything? I'm saying what he's. I'm saying that. Come on. You can do it. You can make it up. It's just like you get spider reports. Right. Yeah. Well, but I get spiring reports about other stations. Or about what else is going on in the market. Other stuff. You get spider reports about things that you're not listening to. Are you in the business? Are you in radio? Well, whatever. But I'm just going to let me ask you again. Are you in a radio business? Sort of. What what does that mean? It would indirectly. What what does that mean? It means it. Why can't you give me a straight answer? I got by product. But what's wrong with taking a couple weeks off? Nothing wrong at all. That's what I'm going to be doing pretty soon. And call your night. You're stuck there. What do you mean by that? That's the beauty. You've got to be there every day. How do you know that? If you're not listening. How do you know I'm here every day? I wasn't there. I wasn't there yesterday. I walked out right there. I walked out in the middle of the show. I walked out in the middle of the show yesterday. What? I walked right out here in a middle of the show yesterday. I walked right out in the middle of the show yesterday. Oh, yeah. I walked right out here in the middle of the show yesterday. What do you do? What do you deserve it? Yeah. And the truth is that a couple of three, four years ago I used to hear you talking about it in the summer, a terrible was. And it's the same thing. Two men I had to dump that because he said, flicking. I'll do it if it was a ballgame. If it let that go on here. Like the D'Adenjels Redsawx game last night. But he's right. I think that's a very good point. I say, like from not to summer. at the after-pant pace off from Passover to Labor Day. At the end of April, May, June, July, August, and early, first week in September, take that time off. You're goddamn african right, man. Isn't that what he said? Frickin' to take the frickin' summer off. Maybe we're talking about baseball in Ford Frick. Maybe this guy knows his baseball. Maybe he knows a little bit something about before he was born, not unlike most people here. He's less than every goddamn man. You're not foolin' anybody, pal, but it was an excellent suggestion. Here's Del Rey B. Chillot. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Don't listen to any of those people. Why not? Show us great. Don't spoil this now, man. We got him cooking now, pal. I know, but you know, like, I do a lot of driving in the car. I'll tell you, tend to two, it is the quickest four hours of the day. Yeah. Oh, I wish I could say the same. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, I wish I could say that. Show us the great, but your show is... Well, what's wrong with his show? They'll come out like, there must be something, you know, like, the diet, the diet, the diet, the diet, the... Yeah. The guy that called you originally, that's what's wrong with the show. Yeah. Like him, who are just miserable, old, disgusting. But he's a chronic radio yet, I don't think he's saying. He's a chronic critiquer. He's an amateur PD, like the one who got in the office. He probably married a woman who was a pro wrestler. She beats the crap out of every day. Maybe Shannon Falker's his daughter. Oh, he probably is. Either that or his wife. I doubt that. I mean, I guarantee she's a lot butchered in hell, ever, be. I mean, if he doesn't like it, let him listen to a neary. There he go, only Reneri's not on at this time. Belly, you could tape it and listen back between 10 and 2. That's exactly right. Good point. Okay, everybody who hates the show, listen to a tape or a neary between 6 and 10, I'll waxy, play it back between 10 and 2 and Uga Boga. Right, and it's a bit of you within 2 miles of the... of the tower you can listen to the lightbulbs. Okay. Listen to Norm Kent, that's punished for an awful... Okay, Bell. Have a great day. Bye. Poor Norm and man, but he needs the money. Now, what is that on this end line here? Hello. Neil. I'm looking at the Howard. I listen to you. Yeah. You're just not shocking anymore. Oh, I'm not shocking anymore. What is that? You're just not shocking. You're just not shocking anymore. I was shocking. How about here for last six and a half years was I shocking here? I'm not saying you suck. You're just not shocking. What do you want to be shocked? What do you want? You want me to stick somebody's foot up your ass? Like you're all on a roll, what would that shock you? What would it take? That's the end of the calm. Not shocking anymore. That must have been David Ross. That was David Guy Dam Ross. How do you like that? I got a shock for you, Pally, when the next book comes out when they... When all of a sand in the dust clears, guess what? It's still going to be the same old craft for you, Pally. And after 10 o'clock or 11 o'clock in the morning, you're going to be down in the ones and twos. So find a new format, David, because it ain't work. Hey, Newt. We got your contract right here. 610 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. How old news, talk, and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. That's going to get so wet. Can this we got a fax from Arro Baratoo, George. You see that? It only took 685 times to get a lot of the closinies fax. Talk entertainment radio, 610 WIOD presents. But he likes to talk. He wants to talk to you, Joe. To talk with Neil, call 7-5-1 WIOD in date. 5-2-4, no one will buy a deal. That's not a good word. Outside the 3-5, there we go. It's toll-free. For Robert, though, David. 9-4-4 WIOD. And say, in the 1-Customers can call pound IOD at no charge. Now, the new Roger show, a news-talk and entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. We're looking at 10 inches. Nice to see you. He's folding it out and putting it away right now. Yes. Castlo. Oh, get out of Cuba. We just can't use ya. You've been around wait for long. You've got castlo. You're ugly bastard. Too long you've lost that. The Bay of Pigs should have worked. You turned fit there. You make me sick. Get out of Cuba. Oh, right. You are so goddamn rich. You and me go. Son of a bitch. This fall we know you like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill Kennedy? Yeah, but wait a second. Wait a second. Wait a second. Wait a second. Wait a second. Wait a second. Get out now and free your nation. Are you into mass temptation? Feed the will if the embargo. Cuba will become another key logo. USA. USA. We're turning all the wraps and both away. Lost it. Castlo. Get out of Cuba. We just can't use ya. You've been around wait for long. Castlo, you ugly bastard. Too long you lost that. The Bay of Pigs should have worked. I'm puppy. Pigs. You're a big bitch. Get out of Cuba quick. You are so goddamn rich. You are me, God Son of a bitch. I like this. This fall we know you like. Are you behind the strike? Where were you in 63? Did you kill John Kennedy? Where did they? Well done. Well done. Well done. Who else is? Get that now and free your nation. Are you into mass temptation? Feed the will if the embargo. Cuba will become another key logo. USA. USA. Wets are the gold of grass and boats away. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Have y'all. You, God. Okay, 1109 and W.I.D. the Lord has stuck his big thumb on soft floor to baby. The rains are coming 40 days and 49s even know it would be embarrassed by this man if bad. Is it raining here just dribbling a little right now right? Is it dribbling? It's dribbling. It's just dribbling now but man it's going to come out of their big time. It's going to come down to a ranch. Baby, it's the freaking end of the world. Not that we want to get you panicky because we are the regional EBS station and that's why King Hill wouldn't return our calls. That's why that bitch is getting fired. Oh, right. There is a god. So Roberto says he did not go off and die. The, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. But he's forbidden from phone use. They're work but he's listening. Okay. Hang on tight. Roberto. And I won't say nothing about Lauren McCall. I don't want to get your boyfriend upset. Here, Neil I can't call because my boss is an asshole but if it wasn't for you, he would have been dead a long, long time ago. Brian Blade style. How do you like that? Women in Hollywood love you, Neil. That's what it says. And it's not from mommy. Now here is one. Where can freehold no jersey races be seen on TV today. There are horses racing up and freeholded. Omar is here to write about. Well, guess what you can't because it's scrambled. Okay. But I bet you if you call Jackie Lee at home, he'll tell you where you can see it. In fact, didn't he say that over at the, a pomp and oh at the cafeteria across the street? Yeah, he did in your laugh and he said the last time he called and bugged the show that Goddamn Jackie Lee. He said that every afternoon they have the races on over there from freehold at the track restaurant. They're the kitchen across the street from the track. Trust me, get over there right now and the good luck to your horse wins. Even though Joe Pavis, David, couldn't win a goddamn one horse race. Here's Jupiter on a purple line. Hello. You're a knip. Yeah. Yeah, these people don't know the house because I just came back to what's as you know. I'm going to be trying to land us. Yeah. It's inner amcation of the day. They blow a big time up there. That's right. But the right wing passes. So these people around here just get out of town and see what they really got down. They have to get out of town and let the other people from those other places come in here and replace them. Then we'd have something pal. Yeah, up there. That's where a city's up in there. You know, even though they're a little crime here and there, but nothing like what we got down here. Yeah. Chicago, last time you were there when you did the remote from there, right? Right. Okay. Still a great old town. Great people walking around having a good time. Yep. That's a real goddamn city though. See, that's a real city with a real downtown and a real atmosphere and something. And you use the, oh, we get right. Huh? Helping in? Yeah. I can't drove right up 94. That's right. That's it. Marshall Albion. All the high spots man. I was in them all. How much of farm countries up there? That's it. Good old farmers man. Good old boys. That's the way it is. They love their sheep and it's reciprocal. When you have a great day, pal. I have a good one. And back to you. See you. Here. Open line in the upper line. Pound I O.D. If you got said you're the one, you better get inside right now. I don't want to get you nervous or anything like that. I don't want to be irresponsible like Barron Star Cross. Okay. But I'm telling you right now, it's going to be bad. It's going to rain like crazy. Then we'll have an excuse for staying in watching all those ball games and starting tonight. They told us that on the DSS they're going to be having a ball give the blackouts are lifted tonight. We had that for several days already on the big dish. But hey, if you got the small dish, now you're going to be able to see it. And the guy named Angels better win a game in a red sox series. I'm going to start getting pissed off. That was great last night. Even if you're bored with baseball like most of us, that was great. Roger Clemens against Mike Harky. They get into a beanball contest. They almost had a major brawl a few times out on the field. And it was it was dynamite. It was a beautiful thing. I thought Ken Wilson was going to start dribbling all over himself. They're right on the ear. He was loving it. But you don't know what I'm talking about because you don't have a dish. And you can see the game. That's why they're so goddamn pissed off. I got two dishes and these poor bastards got their crappy cable company. They're not too happy about it. Most of which don't even have court TV. How do you like the continental cable? Don't even have court TV. What does that tell you, huh? Jesus God. Thank God T.C.I. at least has got court TV. So my mother don't have to miss a second of that. God damn O.J. Swill. Yesterday at lunch again. Oh, by the way, yesterday she's, are you ever going to go to the dentist again now? What? You had to get gear on your teeth. And that's why I chip my tooth last night. She's responsible for it. I did it on purpose. Without it, it was a subliminal thing. When I put my tooth on a bottle cap and I tried to like twist it and turn it and the bottle cap too. And it just went chipping off it. It looked like God damn Chipper Jones. He's not that bad, by the way. It's 1113 at W.Y. O.D. I wish we had. I wish the Marlins had some players like God damn Chipper Jones and, oh man, and it's God damn, what the hell's the outfielders name there? Let's feel their George. Come on, William. For the Braves. Classical, Ryan. Classical. He's awesome this guy. He's built in that he's wakin' at these beaten that he's pounded it and a baseball too all over to God damn play. And he actually shaved off that schmutz through. He looks almost human. Let's swap the Marlins for the Braves right now. Then we'll get back into baseball. Then we'll chop it. W.Y. O.D. Wackin' off the competition and the critics at the same time. And beat that gator me. Oh. Oh. It is for being a set so I always do. F.S. is for your Nazi point of view. Alright. The whole is for the host that works below the wheel. Hell is for the losers all of you. He is for the end of my chicken. That's this for the sh- I have to take. Put them all together. They splash. Look at the kick. Look at the kick. Look at the kick. Oh, right. It sure does. Love it 17 and W.Y. O.D. Man, the reins are going to be coming. It's going to be pouring. I would lock myself in a guy named House right now. I grab a pocket rocket and just have a big smile on my post. Because it's going to be bad. It's getting old too, man. And they've got him lined up like a guy named Caravan. And I know whether we're out channeled by the way as much as I do watch. I'm going to be able to get a full of crap. They keep changing it every two minutes now. Oh, is it raining yet? Well, we better change that forecast. But they have them lined up all the way across the Atlantic to Africa, like they're marching across. And I wanted to get you nervous, but I have a feeling there's a rumor. I just started that the Ebola virus from Zaire isn't it. What are you laughing about? The reins off the Spain is mainly in Uranus. Isn't that what they say? Something like that. Oh, yeah. It's picking up that Ebola. That's why there's nobody catching it over there. It's in the air. All worse thunder, clap, Newman. God damn it. There is something in the air. It's the Ebola virus. Oh, don't panic. This is your EBS station. And we're all going to die. Believe me. I know plenty about dying these last few days. Here's the Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning, Neil. For T-cline. Yes. How are you doing? I'm doing okay. Good. I love you. Show. I've been listening since KAT. But when are you going to turn it off for crying? I like this. It's a wonderful atmosphere that said that he that is friend calling him a spy report. He turned off. And then he started quoting what I said earlier in the morning. Call himself right. Kaut is tongue right in the middle of his mouth. Yeah. His job is a radio by product. Yeah. What is that? He's a human by product. That's their full look. I love it. Keep rocking and have a great life and enjoy whatever you're doing. And you're going to listen these people. Okay, pal. Bye. Not too hard. Don't squeeze it to our rea. You're going to have one. One on the purple line. Pound IOD 100 green line. And it's said. Okay. Looks like two or three. We're starting to fall off again. You know what that means. All that boatown. You win. I'm going to find a place to play in bubble gum. I'm going to do it for you. I'm on the moatown. You're playing like you. What's that means? Because the round maybe because the artists are black. He calls it Palm Beach. They're all a bunch of racist stuff. They're man. Mark Furman. New Police. She's in West Palm Beach. All right. And I'm going to tell you right now. Anybody who doesn't like moatown is not an American. I'll tell you that. Right guy damn now. Okay. That is on. He's nothing at a meal. Here's North Miami. Hello. Okay. Go back. Okay. Yeah. Okay. And this is a tongue too. Here's candle. Hello. Yeah. I don't know if I do it with complaint. Okay. Here we go. All right. I'm a big dolphin fan. And all you do is rag on them. They got all these great players. Is your Eric Green. Let me say this to you. Okay. I don't even talk about the dolphins. Most days. I don't even mention them. Okay. I'm not a dolphin fan. Why are you saying they're better than the patreus? Who the Patriot have? I mean why am I saying. Listen to what you just said. Why am I saying they're better than the Patriots? That's what you just said. I'm sorry. Did the Patriot are better than them. I didn't say that. I'm rooting for the Patriots. The dolphins have no excuses. They are loaded with talent. They are. This is the most loaded team. The dolphins have ever had with talent. In the history of the franchise. Even more so than the two Superbals. I'm not just saying that to be gratuitous. They are loaded. They got no excuses. But you know something. I think they're going to blow it. And they got the Schula and they got another one. They're not even now. And Oliver Doddy and Gary Stevens. There is now your starting to get close to the problem, baby. Well, they only came at that we're going to undefeated. No other team can do it. But that's engine. History. Nobody cares about that. History. You're not listening to me. I just gave him credit. Okay. I said they are loaded with talent. They should go. If not all the way, at least to the Super Bowl game. If they don't win it. You did that. They're green. You don't give him credit. But he may not give him credit. I heard him. I said that he couldn't lick Ben Coats ass. And I stand by that. And anybody who knows football. Including managed will agree with that. Ben Coats is the best tied in in the NFL. Bar none. I agree. It's a lot better than he is. See. He's a tough man. Why can't do what do you know about Ben Coats? About Ben Coats? Yeah. Nothing. Okay. Rest my case. There's another great football fan in South Florida. He wouldn't know Ben Coats if he took a dump on his post. There's. What do you know about? See can't you appreciate even know you're a fan of one team? Can't you appreciate great players on another team? I mean, I'm a big luck in hockey. I love the least. I love the Panthers. But I mean, does that mean I don't appreciate like a great players on the team? Great players on other like Paul coffee on Detroit when he had that great run. Great defenseman score in all those goals. I didn't appreciate all these other fun. I'd like Jeremy Rona can play off. Comes back and scored a couple again beat the Leafs and a guy named Chris Chelios. That we tried to beat the living crap out of him and he just came back and stuck at Toos and beat us into play off the Leafs. You got to have a, you may not like those guys because they kill you. But you got to appreciate it. Midwood. Somebody's got a talent. When I was a kid growing up, I was a hockey fan in the American League of Sports League. I was a fan of the national league. Pete Rose. I hated him like poison. Forget about the gambling. I'm just talking to the player. I hated him because he killed a pirate. But does that mean I don't recognize the tremendous talent? He sucks on a year. But I mean, if he don't belong in a Hall of Fame, who the hell does he? He was great. But Miami fans see they're not fans. They're not knowledgeable. They're not sports. I mean, you don't know Ben Coats. Did you're supposed to be a guy to him football fan? And I come on here that one day I said, can Norton Juniors the best guy to him. He could eat Brian Cox up a lie for breakfast. And they don't know, Kahnoran Junior from senior from anybody. From Ken Griffey, Junior. These are sports fans, my ass. All they are are fart runners who want a latch on the latch. Let's have lunch with latch. And give last Tuesday scores. Not from last yesterday Tuesday, but last Tuesday. Nobody will know the difference because it's Miami. By the way, the pirates just swept a double hitter from the Marlins. 1123, a W.O. Jesus. Turn on a radio and they're playing scores from three days before on QAM. And I mentioned that the other day, nobody has a comment about it like, Oh, yeah, how could people believe that? How can you accept that? You think that's a goddamn sports station? By the way, San Diego just knocked off the dolphins. W.O.D. South Florida swears by us. Or is that at us? Come on, come on, come on, come on, now facts me, babe. Yeah, what was that song request you made? You get in touch just facts me dude. Max, me now and you're alone. Max, me, I can't it feel so good. So anyway, that's a good idea. We're going to do a few facts. And here in a course, all these people, we're not going to call because we're very busy. They want to know what's called on your office. The FBI is watching. Whatever to, 795, 848. Now, I want to 100 facts is in here by two o'clock. I want requests. I want complaints. I want names. I want shoe size. I want pictures. I want diagrams. I want drawings. I want whatever you want. God. What? So rhymes with 795, 848. It's not 8. 795, 848. Is that facts? Number, let's go. Let's get those facts as poor and in here. It's poor and outside. I want to see him pouring in here on the inside. Okay. Let's get these people a hobby. Get him something to do. Make this a part of their lives again. Look at that raining every guy damn place. Even at little donut hole in the middle of this thing. It finally couldn't protect date anymore, man. The arms of the Lord opened up. And he's just unleashing a tremendous torrent. And if you're going to be locked in a house with somebody like it. At least do it between the sheets. Put a sheet in there with a sorted sizes. Oh, we got lunch from Cherhug coming. Oh, and that guy don't like that either. I'm going to tell you that guy. I wish I could have I should have kept him on a whole show. I loved him. That's Scott Schmendrick. Whatever his name was. He was great because talking about eating on the air. There was never more eating on the air than on a Zatedase. Capri, he used to be on the floor by 830 in a morning. He'd be passed out on the floor from eating so much in that guy damn control. And we would be having lunch because we used to get up for in the morning. So by the time 70 to clock rules around, it's lunchtime for you. We're having cheeseburgers. We're having pizzas. Our buddy read from pizza hut used to be in it with a goddamn pizza. We used to pick out all the goddamn time. Okay. This guy's an expert on a goddamn show on Zatedase. He wouldn't know that show if we played the guy damn tapes all over again at Guy. Mr. Hot Shot. That's busy trying to get a date with Randy's old nose. Mr. Big Shot. Mr. Programming expert. Neil wakes me up in the morning. There you go. Neil wakes me up with a smile. When it's my day. Drinking my coffee, lunch and down with a little lunch on this. It's pretty good to go with Neil. We're staying for a day. Time to work in my room with a darling nail. We're staying for a day. We're staying for a day. We're staying for a day. Till we're here. Neil wakes me up with a dirty nail. With the day tomorrow on my dial. Little bit too much... Little bit too much, I think. Little bit too much. Little bit too much. Little bit too much. Little bit too much. Little bit. And it's a great thing else that you'll lick before you. Ah! Man, I'm getting choked up from this gum. Get in a motion now. This is D-Day, baby. I told you yesterday, yesterday was just a beginning. We're just scratching the edges off the outer shell of the M&M. Today we're getting on the inside. Daniel. Ah! Open line of Broward, 5249, 463, 524, Cheryl Ho. Cheryl Griffin. Did we ever have anybody here named Cheryl Griffin? Is that what he said? See, why don't you get the names right? Okay, and by the way, Tom Denibre couldn't do it standing up. Tom Denibre couldn't do it sitting down. Tom Denibre couldn't do it laying down. And speaking of Tom Denibre, that guy must be psychic. Because who was telling me the other day that he almost hit somebody, come out of the, who was the main from TCI? Oh, Marine, that's right from TCI cables. He was saying he was coming out down the road. And Tom Denibre came flying out of McDonald's, which is about his speed. And nearly wiped the rest out there right in the road. Nice going, Tom. You're consistent. You're still the same little puts. We love you, Tom. Here is the bointin beach. Hello. Uh, Neil? Yes. Your show is like really cool, stuff. Yeah, actually, we have cool, uh. Here is Sunrise, hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay, pal. I don't understand all these people calling up. Telling you that you're, I don't know whatever that you show is no good anymore. Because I've been listening for about a year, and I turn all my friends on to the show. You turned your friends on? Yeah. To the show. They love it, man. There you go. And a show too. Yeah. And, uh, I don't know. Well, what was it doing to think I'd call it up saying about the problem with the show is that you'd gay? That's the problem. Yeah, well, we're strong to think, guys. It's like a retarder. It's boyfriend just left him. He's pissing jealous. Yeah. Just off. You should go stick it somewhere. But he can't. He can't. It's the problem. He can't. It's too small. I just calling up, man. Do the greatest. I wake up to you every day. Okay, pal. All right. Have a great life. Okay. Okay. There we go. There's a guy loves me. He loves me. He wants you. He wants you. They want you. They want you. Come on. Let's go. Have a drinking pool. Let's go get dragged. They want you. They want to buy a new show. They got money on the table. Come on. Why do you? Here's a radio station with a drunk and fall down program director with a general manager that keeps walking around the smiling and everybody like everything's perfect. That avoids every possible problem and confrontation by just pretending it didn't exist. Did the door return your goddamn phone calls? This is a place with a promotion bitch that runs around screaming and yelling and everybody because she's on a rag 29 days. See, every other woman like her age, it's like one day and the other day she's off. This one she's on all month long and like one day the month she ellips it out. She is brutal. Hey, we could go down a whole goddamn list here, man. Then we got a net who brings in her cousin this morning. The city of the goddamn control while I'm on a year and I think it's an intern. I'm thinking, why do they keep doing this to me? George, you've got a trainees intern board ops while I'm on a year and it's just some young lady who's sitting in there and George is making Google eyes at her because, you know, because she's there and she probably had bad big hudders but I couldn't see across the goddamn counter did she have big hudders or what? They were okay. They were round and firm and fully packed but not big enough and not rounded off. And here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And Neil, good morning. How are you? And it's DSMigo, comestah. I want you to know that my family and I are on our way back from Hock's K in Narathon. We were in Lagoon there. Every single person there was talking about the Atkins diet. How do you like that? So how do you like that? I want you to know and I've been listening to you. Hock, I'm not talking to me about it though. How come they won't give me the goddamn credit? You know that book is the soft cover, the paperback is number one not only on the bestseller list in South Florida. It's also now number one in New York. The book has been out for months and months and months and months and the impact of this goddamn show has made that already. Number one on the New York Times God damn whatever the list is. Exactly. The point that I want to make for guys like that, which is named Skyrim would not call before. God rhymes with not. Not only do you get the biggest ratings in town. Not only are you the, and you know, I don't want to be sucking up but you're talking about the fact that the matter is that you're impacting on so many people's lives. That's right. I did something good for people and this guy says what your ratings are going to go to. Who gives a crap? Okay. What do you got a six or a seven who gives a crap or a five five? This guy's Mr. Ratings expert now or two. He probably has a date with Mark Bell Monny tonight. I want you to know that before my wife and I and my kids get home, we're stopping at the first bookstore that we pass. We're getting the acting, the diet, and we're starting at lunch. Oh, okay, pal. Now you're the best. Good luck to you, sweetheart. Right. See you. All between four and eight inches, maybe widespread along the central east coast. South Florida as much as eight inches possible. Luckily, much of the rainfall, Sageregrat, some flooding is possible in the watch area. All persons should monitor the weather situation. Be prepared at quickly flooding is observed or warning is issued. Stay tuned and know a weather radar or local radio or TV for the latest information additional statements. Be issued as needed. Sign as Pazito. Phil Espazito. He had a crappy hockey team over there in Tampa. Now he's working for the goddamn weather channel. How do you like that? How the mighty a fall in baby. Phil Espazito is now the weather guy. Printing the stuff upon the goddamn computer. 610 WIOD. If your neighbors don't complain, you don't have it turned up loud enough. Okay, how's those faxes coming in? We've got 100 of me at or what? 795-8418. I'm serious if we don't have at least 200 faxes by noon. I'm going to take this place. I'm going to burn her right to the goddamn ground up here. How much it rains? I know where all the bodies are buried in this building. I'm going to go up and ask Cheryl Coshino's where they're really all buried. I would be surprised that they have a few former PDs and GMs. Like just seriously, in the vents somewhere. Because when very con came here with the crew and they cleaned the vents off, he said something really stinks and he's walls baby. I would be surprised if we're nearer used to hide his station there. I bet you we got enough vodka and here to supply the whole goddamn what used to be the Soviet Union. Come on, can you imagine if Steve Nichol and Reneri were here at the same time? Wow! Let's go, I have a drink. It was you. It was you. I like you. Good you good you go. Here's a Pemberpines on a purple line. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Listen to your God. Yeah. Don't know anybody played differently. And I'll put it stuck. Yeah, you're right. And I can suck a little harder. Okay. I don't like the voice of your experience to me. Yes. I will take forever with a seems like any way even I've only listened to you show for two years. Thank God we're wrapping. I think it's awesome. Anyway, my wife, they're just a bunch of malkintens. You know, they say I'm the one that's a malkintens. I could be a really happy guy. Even though this is a bum fork town, I could be a pretty happy guy if I had an audience that was like a live man. That would just it would just change my whole experience. See, they don't want that. They tune into Hermy Bich and griping carry on. They love that. They just wait to see how much aggravation they can do loud. You understand that? I know I know where you're coming from. That's this town man. You know, I go and work every day too. Yeah. So the first two of the hours, all we do work with you, nothing done. We just talk about your show and what you said. There you go. I rest my case. If I ever went off the earth in this town, this town would dry up like a guy damn prune. It would just be a big wrinkle on the map. And as far as the day comes, the one shocking anymore. Yeah. Say the truth and that's shocking enough because everyone else was full of, well, you know. Anyway, my life was just, you're listening to the show back when you were on the data. And she thinks that you're not, and she's listening to you more than whatever. She's a big, full of Henry fan. Yeah. So she doesn't like me. She likes Phil Henry. That's okay. She says, why do you listen to him? You wait for him in town or like, we're talking about. Well, what the hell does that mean? What does he not like about the show? What does he dislike about the show? I don't know. She thinks that you're too hateful. I don't know where she gets that from. I'm too hateful. In other words, you can't stand the truth. Smelly Bich. Have a great day, Pat. Exactly. Thanks, Pat. We have an open line on a purple line. Pound diode. I'm too hateful. She's listening right now. You're in a closet, sweetie. Come on. Put away the pocket rocket and reach over to us to dial. You can shut it off. You're taking it personal. I know you're listening right now, honey. You're not full and me. Phil Henry is God by the way. Don't anybody start picking up my good buddy Phil Henry. Okay. Because, you know, and there's another guy. I've got to talk to him self-fold. And now he's suicidal. And especially, I hope he doesn't see this. Okay. If he sees this thing that Mark Bell Monty put together, how can you have a smaller audience 12 plus, which is the whole audience in the ratings? 12 plus means everybody, except little punky kids who don't count. Everybody. How can you have like half the audience 12 plus that you've got 25 to 50 or these numbers are all bogus. Every monthly number in here is wrong. And they're paying Mark Bell Monty to be the research director here. See one good thing about this out, if it man, it's not just like they hire an incompetent person in promotions, they hire an incompetent PD. All up and down a line, baby. Outside of a couple people on the air, like yours truly, I'll up and down a line. It's a bunch of incompetence. Just besides me in George and Phil, and Rick and Suds, I had to say that because Rick is very emotional. Besides me in George and Phil, oh, sorry. Come on, Rick, put you up with that. And by the way, happy birthday, Suds is 51 and they don't look a guy damn too. We're 50 that guy. See what all those baloney sandwiches do for you? And he's losing weight on the icons. That's right, he's on it. What does that tell you? He even left that basket without candy. I don't know where it went, because I made sure we got it out of here. He even left that. You got it? I took it downstairs. Well, how do you like that? Because he don't want to eat it, because he's doing it. Even though he is a lush, he's on it. Here's a lady in the Palm Beach, oh, lady. I can't get over there. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Oh, really great. Listen, I'm sitting here listening to you. And I wanted to know if you could put LPGA for me. LPGA. Yeah, you know, though. Why are you a guy? Are you a diker, something? No, but it really reminds me of my mother. Are she a diker? She's a lesbian atheist. Oh, really? She wants you to jump Crawford wannabe. You can't walk that. Tell me she's not fooling anybody with a shoulder pad. She always does find her letter's mommy deer, so. Yeah, man. I'll bet. Okay, well, enclosing. And no more wire hangers. Exactly. Inclosing. No, or if you does have a guess, so. OK. Thanks. How do you go, sir? Bye. You're a ghost. Put your thumb. She already did it. What's the matter with lesbian golfers? Can't you tell we're really love hitting balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls. Look at him stickin'. I let my girlfriend go, sir. Daddy, she's the fan. I'm the book. She calls me daddy. Muffs die. That five kumi taco. All right. It's still ladies' calls to me. My favorite hola doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway. No sweat because I'm a snapper, lapper. I play golf and I'm gay. I'm a key time to call. I'm a clubhouse. Let me golf is the only time that they're got. I'm gay. Let's play Elkirky. A still ladies' calls to me. And ride his disc race chipset. My face still ladies golf to me. All right. What thing in Dan Stewart's bathroom? Maybe that's why the paper boy can beat them up all the time. Anyway, it's 1042 somewhere. And it's 1145 here. So I'm watching this weather channel. Why did I promote them? I mean, I do. I enjoy watching that weather map. That tells you how boring this town is. Go home and you have to know what do I do us this time. I don't turn on guiding light anymore. Cause what about this guiding light? They're bringing a reeva back. Hershey was a ghost. Now she's a nun somewhere. She's dead. She was in Rome. They couldn't find her. Then all of a sudden she comes back. She's a ghost. They're talking to the ghost. She's dead. Now she's alive. Hershey alive. And his Alan Deeter is he alive. We've a shame. I heard her voice on the phone. So anyway, instead of watching that crap, I'm watching a weather channel for hours. Oh, look at that. It's pouring in Pittsburgh. And it's up there in Batavia. Man, there's a big funnel. Dick Fennel Cloudcoe. And look at these big boomers coming out of one right after the other. And across the goddamn Atlantic with that Ebola virus in them. All that embedded stuff that's in it. That's not rain man. That's the virus. There's a fun US among US and it's coming from Zayir straight to here. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Don't show it. Who doesn't get one again. Oi. He's out of excuses. Yeah, he is. That's right. That's why I told that guy. How do you like a guy who calls your eyes come about Ben Coe. He's telling me Eric Green is the best. He doesn't even know who. Ben Coe's from Ben Alexander from Ben Alexander from Ben Alexander. I'm an athlete of Askable. Who's the coach of the New England Patriots this year? Right, exactly. No parcels from who knows. From who knows. Really? Anyway, you know Bill parcels from Bill Stern. I'm telling you, no, I'm a dolphin fan. I like to see them win. Yeah. You know, because I grew up here in Miami. But you got the brains to them, man. It's like a good. I have a good one. I'm sure there's their man ain't going anywhere. It's a handycrap. Let me tell you something. If Don Chule, if any other coach were in this town, we need some help. Oh, yeah, we need some. We didn't get it done. If any other coach were in this town and hadn't won a Super Bowl in 23 years. Yeah, they'd be good. Especially with a Dane. Especially with a Dan Marino on the team. What do you think you know? I love your questions. That poor guy, man. He deserves something better than this. That's right. You know, I mean, he just can't get it done. And his offense and defensive coordinators may be worse. The absolute worst, do I mean, who believes that they're going to wake up on Dane gets smart? Never going to happen. They're okay in college and that was it. Yep. And that was it. They should have stayed in college. That's right. They had the best job that the drug money could buy. Yeah, maybe somebody will offer him a job. Okay, Belle. The little school, the little nuns of the sister Theresa's or whatever. Okay, we'll ask Riva how she's doing. Have a great day, Belle. Are you in close? Yes. Can you do the O.J. O.J. That's fine. O.J. O.J. Yeah, yeah, the one that a step on does, the voice of a step on Gloria stuff on one. The one that Gloria has said, that means that's her song, but don't you ever even know? I know that. On by the way, before I play it. Yeah. Wait till you hear this. I'm at the dentist this morning getting this chip to repair it. Oh, man. What do you think they're listening? In this guy's a listener of mine, obviously, because he was stuck on up pretty hard. But who do you think they're listening to? They got the coast on. How do you like to stop bad enough in the dentist here without the coast in the background? And here's this putts of it. This goon they got on the morning trying to be a comedian doing stick. Oh my God. Well, they just wanted to put you to sleep without using any kind of stuff. Work like a charm. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Hey, thank you. Yeah. You can't make cool. You can't make cool. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. Okay, okay. You can't make cool. You can't make cool. Yeah. I'm you too. Cool. I'm you too cool. I'm you too cool. Stay the can't you all. Stick it up your ass baby. Let it go. That night when she turned off all the light, there's no place where she could hide. Oh no. Oh she was gonna get hurt. Oh she went out to kill her. Oh she went out to kill her. Oh she went out to kill her. Oh she went out to kill her. That night. One day the jury's got a set free. Oh she. Oh she's gonna get you. Oh she's gonna get you. Oh she's gonna get you. Oh, Jay is gonna get you, you gonna get you Oh, you're right Oh, Jay is gonna get you one night Okay, okay, okay, okay You can't let go of you, you can't let go of you Okay, okay, okay, okay You can't let go of you, you can't let go of you All right I'm gonna do it, you're right I'll do it, you're gonna do it Don't you gonna get you, don't you gonna get you Oh, Jay is gonna get you Oh, Jay is gonna get you Tonight 610 WIOD Our job is to blow your mind Everybody pucker up, baby Look at 53 and WIOD, the greatest record in the history of the Hill of Ray So I'll say it again when I started playing this yesterday It gave me the inspiration to go on and on and on Come on, get those facts, it's going baby right now Sorry, say we want critiques, don't hold back Maybe just rip us in hands Like I said, anybody doesn't like that song Your taste is deep in your spinktier Okay, tell you that right now If you don't like Alan Parsons project And especially I and your fly and forget it You don't know from taste What the hell is George doing back there I said we get any facts, he went flying, spinning down the hall Like a goddamn human droidle and that was the end of it And look at the way that thing on a weather map Keeps like spinning around and around I'm waiting for Perry, calm on a start singing Him or bud Davies And Dave County on a most part, we're like getting off easy on this Because the Lord is looking down protecting all the illegal aliens Here's Palm Beach, hello Yes sir, I didn't like that song You don't like the eye in the sky? No, I don't Oh my god, what were you been doing? You got back to the motel, you got to get back to the motel Yeah, I got to request when I got back But another guy from Palm Beach don't like the motel Oh, screw him He's a slime ball I loved that old guy, it was called up earlier I'm glad you're letting him on He was the best That was hilarious I love him You're a big patriot's fan, right? Yes sir Did you see the game with the Eagles? I don't watch these exhibitionist games No, they don't mean anything I'll just curious The Patriots got rid of it, can't turn Yeah Why? He looked pretty good in that game Well they're bringing in Ted Turner Huh? The bringing in Ted Turner is going to take his spot Oh no Yeah Well that'll be great He's got his Jane will be the cheerleader That's right, he's going to do the workouts And he's going to have the big balls All right Okay pal Go Patriots, Drew Bletsor was God All right, I doubt it, Randall's God There you go Hey Neil Request when you get back to the motel Tony Randall's God, yeah Tempations with David Ruffin singing Oh David Ruffin, you know what I wish we had What what becomes of the broken heart Is that that name of the song? Yeah By David Ruffin Oh man, that's what? The greatest song I'll find it And if I don't find it, I'll sing it myself Let's not him Let's not him What? Not David Ruffin and dude Do he? Do you sure about that? Positive Without the temptations David Ruffin, who did that? I don't want to Well, who did that George? I thought that was David Ruffin All right, now I got to look it up at number That Percy sledge, get out of here Percy sledge, let's see Percy faith that he, yeah Okay, get out of here, pal You know nothing Ted Turner What am I looking for? What becomes it? Oh yeah, but I was going to look up David Ruffin David Ruffin, wouldn't that be easier? Then looking up to God, they may individual song. I guess not. Okay, whatever you say, whatever you say, you're calling all the shots, you're having all the rods in there. What becomes of the broken hearted? It's, where is it? Earth, Stevie Wonder, wonder if you ever saw that picture of him. Oh, Jimmy Ruffin. Jimmy Ruffin, we don't know our ruffins from our muffins, man. It's Jimmy Ruffin, I David Ruffin. David Ruffin was lead singer of the temptations. Okay, I'm sorry, pal. Please play baby hold on by the grassroots. Don't have the grassroots. We used to have the grassroots, but that one which one of my favorite groups, it was stolen, sorry. You asked why South Florida doesn't respond to your show. I'll tell you one word, attitude, yours. W-I-O-Ds, and in reaction to anyone or anything that speaks in X totally negatively. This is a great facts. Look, I was born in Miami Beach, raised in educated here with perseverance, our prospered here. South Florida doesn't owe me a thing. I've listened to W-O-Ds since the 1950s. Oh, Jesus, it's the 1950s. Uh-oh. When W-O-D was Miami Beach's flagship, radio identity, my father moved here from Detroit, 1927, it goes on and on and on. Nowadays, it seems fashionable to put down South Florida to pawn, put on all of it. Yeah, to talk about the reality of it. Okay, you're living in the past, baby. Let's go to the famous for dinner tonight, okay? You're living in the past. Secondly, the adolescent format of your show, the morning and groaning about life. Oh, what was me? I said that every day on here, oh, what was me, baby? The childish foul language, the unfunny references to bodily functions at parts pertaining to their two. Come on, this sort of childish diet drive isn't really radio. You want my idea of what we're working IOD, Tom Likus would work. He has without a doubt the best talk she wanted radio. That's why he's gotten fired in every market he's ever been, including by this company twice. He doesn't swear he doesn't want to talk to about interesting controversial. The Howard Stern wannabes are yesterday's news. Like I said, get a clue unsigned. Is it, oh no, it's got up here, rod barking. He's barking up the wrong tree, baby. Tom Likus, oh, Jesus. Quobbysley, listen to the show. How could he have found out why I wanted to facts? I mean, how far were we? We were already at was what? About 1130, I said we got modern facts. So he was listening for an hour and a half already, but he doesn't like to show it. He doesn't listen to it. It's too childish and amateurish. And too many, too many farts. Here's a mobile and tamarack, hello. Hello. Is this, am I on the air? Yeah, this is me. Yeah, how are you doing? A friend of this first time listening, the first time cool, a friend of mine told me something about the act you're in. Yeah, I got to lose about 80 pounds. Are you still on an empty house? Yeah, it does work. It's great. What do I have to do just by the book? Well, it would be a good start. The reason there are less Collins on your show with no topic than when you do have a topic is because most of the people in your listening area and our listening area are mindless tools. Who knew to see even when I do throw out 85 topics, they don't call so you're missing the point pal. But anyway, it says, in other words, they can't remember for a minute to minute what's on your mind. Okay, that's a good point. Neil, could you please play the card of Steve came walking into the production room and a light is on and somebody calls him an asshole? I remember when the ego was working there and you were doing criminal sounds and Steve would not make a donation. That's right. That's why he puts down a homeless to rationalize the fact that he's too cheap into wanna make a donation. Did you hear Bob was chosen losing is being considered for WFA in to do overnight? Maybe WQA, oh my God. They're gonna be anybody at Piper High like it says here in a facts. Come on down to QA and then they'll put you on here immediately. It's like 275 an hour and you work your way down from there, baby. The home of Neil Rogers and the best legal staff money can buy. 16 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. News, talk, and entertainment radio. 16 WIOD.