Well, I don't know. I heard you funny, but you know, Sam, you might do something that's making me laugh with them. Well, I'll give it a shot. Go ahead. You got to hang up first though. I got to hang up. Yeah. No, no, I got another question. Oh. Well, wait a minute. In other words, you want me to play it, but you got other questions. Oh, wait, so I am. Which one do you want? Oh, wait, so I am. Yeah. All right, no. I heard you talking about Brian Cox didn't have a good game. The man there to team attack. We'll talk if you have a good game. Let me say it again. Let me say it again. Thurmond Thomas ran around him and threw it in up his ass for the entire game for nearly 200 yards. And if that's your idea of a good game, then God bless you. Oh, my God. He had a good game. He's a good guy. He had a good game. Okay. Get a brain pal. Ooh, I'm not just following this tasteful. The dolphins are cursing in man. It's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. He's not my dick. They might fucking sh** out you. Mother f**k. Words of love, they toss in the microphone. The dump button just can't seem to be left alone. And all of this is because they like saying. So much f**k. They might fucking sh** out you. Mother f**k. Oh, but they play football badly. So wild. How did the patriots kick their ass? So fun. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with an attitude as bad as theirs. What if tossing our hopes down the stairs? Oh, man. Dude, I'm not just following this tasteful. The dolphins are cursing in man. It's disgraceful because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. So much f**k. They might fucking sh** out you. Yes, they're saying. So much f**k. They might fucking sh** out you. Mother f**k. They'll they're saying. Like my dick. They might fucking sh** out you. Mother f**k. They might fucking sh** out you. Mother f**k. You're a son of a bitch. I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff. We got it done. I mean, how or why I don't go with f**k. We want to gain. I don't want to hear nothing negative. I want to read no negative f**k. Didn't the paper anymore. We finally want to gain. That's all this should be said. I'll rate the dolphins. Want to f**k the game for a change. None of this. Negative f**k. Mistopped to all that old bull. I'm tired of p**k. Finally, we can quit looking at all the damn station. The dolphin to my shit. Jimmy Johnson replaced you all that old bull. Totted a p**k. I'm tired of f**k. I'm fed up to hear what they f**k. Up to hear. This is, you know, as the grace of God. You know, I'm sorry for all my f**k. I'm just happy that we were able to get a win. That takes some pressure off. But by no means is this thing over. We have to, you know, continue to concentrating. Get ready. And by the way, Brian. It's like my f**k. We tried. And over the counter drugs, just don't work. W-I-O-D. My enemy for the other day. You used talking in her team at radio. 610-W-I-O-D. The funny tune. I got an amh-one. You son of a guy? What's there up fight? On the fourth of... I just know his cousins that are ballad in the hand. What happened? We don't know. Something fishy smells. But he won't tell. So we'll ask Brian. What did you do? Ryan. What did you do? Ryan. What did you do? Seeing. He's not so long. He was standing on his folks' lawn. And he was Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. It's hard to run. And it's stand. It wasn't as... So that... With two shots flying... Or two... I don't know why. Your agent... claims the cops were fooled so true. I want to know some more. So tell me who wants the scar. Brian. What did you do? Exit. Intelli. Or just maybe. You lied. What did you do? What did you do? Yes. Now he's gone. And from this moment on... We're asking Brian... Brian. Brian. Brian. Brian. Different Brian, by the way. Brian. You got a clarifier, shouldn't you? Brian. You do. Maybe it's just a bad luck name. If you're going to name any of your kids, Brian. You might want to rethink your position. I mean, you got your Brian Norcross. He just bailed out of here. And then you got your Brian Cox. You got your Brian Blades. And you got your Brian Andrews. I rest my case. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. I'm going to say that. But you don't want Gary Beppennan was here for those meetings. The Board of Governors and HL meetings in West Palm Beach last week. You know what they told him? Why don't you go back to Canada? You're too fast. Here is a big pine key. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. I wish you were a good close personal friend. Do you? You must be desperate. I don't relate to that. I always like to call, but I never get a chance really because I'm going to say because usually working, but we are the faithful down here. I'm still campaigning for our toll free number. Yeah, right. Hold your breath. Take a deep one. Okay. Hey, do you know whatever happened to Jeff Charles? Are you going to start with that crap again when that drug induced phony baloney washed out surfer punk that was on here for about five minutes? I don't know when I don't care. He was a broadcast. You're like I'm a brain surgeon. I'm just curious. No, I do not. I don't. Every here is name. Thank God, which is why I'm still. Retain a little bit of my sanity. No, I don't. Okay. And Jeff Charles. Give me a break. A while back. I asked if you'd seen a reservoir of dogs. And you hadn't. Have you seen it yet? No, I have not. Great movie. I think I got it on tape. Didn't you send it to me on tape? Is that the one with River penis? No. No. What's that one was? Oh, that's my favorite. My private Idaho or something like that. Yeah, that's a terrible movie. Is it? It's awful. Isn't it a story? It's just really. I like avant-garde movies. Yeah. That was just horrible. Mm-hmm. But did you ever get a chance to see Dolores Clayborne? With what's your name, Kathy Bates? Great. Another great one. Well, that's on the satellite right now as a matter of fact. I saw the previous four last year. Yeah. If you get a chance, I'd like to hear your commentary on that. Okay. But mainly reservoir of dogs. Mainly. Yeah. I'd like to hear a point. If you, if you like to clockwork or orange. Yeah. I would think you'd like that one too. It's kind of sick. Yeah. That's me. I love it already. Okay. Have a great whatever. Oh, I'd like to suck a red for a CD though. Well, sounds like the voice of experience. Well, um, yes. I'm one of those in Scipit diehard Paul McCartney fans. Oh, how did I know that? How did I know it? Here's the family way. You got it. Thank you, sir. Was that easy? You're easy. Okay. Listen, uh... Say good bye. I'm going to get really upset. Hang on. Thank you. You're going to hang on? Yes. You're going to dummy up now? Yes. Okay. Line two, take care of her. Him. Take care of it. You want Paul McCartney there? I line two. Anybody that's brave enough to ask for Paul McCartney. Does there is what they get? Paul McCartney. Don't forget those borders books and music stores. Baby, we got Carl Springs. Haven't sure a candle book for a lot of day on another one in May, fear and aggrove has also got our best of cassettes and CDs. And even though it's six days till Christmas, you can pop right into any borders nearby you and pick up all the best of Rick and suds and yours truly in Phil Henry and uh, all I could stuff. Great holiday gifts and great to have for yourself. And the um, want to go to a great cost that are one we got over 90 grand in the Kitty already and we're doing it. We are doing it, baby. Let's keep it going. Let's keep that mold, Mentum. All you got to know is Jackie Moll, Mentum. So how's Jackie Lee doing? Twelve minutes past noon at WIO, Dean. Deep power, Cuba. Leaver tape, power, Cuba. You know Jim, Marion, things I'm at Dean practice. I just thought we'd steal a few fine moments of time together. Put it right down on my tongue. Well, that's a fine idea. Don't mind if I do. By the way, what is that you're wearing? It was pasties in the G-String. Well, you look just fine. Now why don't you get over here? Make me feel like a man. All right. Now take it easy, Manage, come down. I'm tender, you know. What a start on this film and I'm going to wrap it all year long. Long that out now. Manage, I told you to take it easy. Now come get off from me. You fit you, turned round, noser. You checked out. Well, I've had about enough of this. I'm out of here. I love for you. Will always be... That's just a spooker. What do you say? Well, in 2017, W-I-D, happy Tuesday from all your good spirit and friends here at W-I-D. Many of whom are really into the spirit. Savali, I can't imagine which ones. We have an open line and brawler. And how do you like that? We got an open line and brawler. God, is that get me depressed? 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. So much we in our chief engineer who happens to be a hell of a great guy. Especially the day since he put on my license plate with that screwdriver. So he's got one of these. What do they call these? What do they call these? What's the shorthand for that? What do they call them? Those verification things. I thought you're supposed to... I don't even know what you have. It's a letter from a guy in Finland who heard our signal one night at 257 his time in a morning, which is six hours ahead. He heard passion bones. That's called a Yentereport. No, it's a DSX. What is it? George. What you think I have a class boy? Yeah, no, no, no, no. He's not only a phony spick. He's a phony engineer too, how do you like that? He's putting down those transmitter readings. He's pulling him out of his ass. He couldn't read one of those meters. If you held a gun with two of us, I'll report. That like I said, what? QSL, right? That's what I'm looking for. QSL. I only know one word that begins with Q. O2. So anyway, first off, season greetings from Finland close to the Arctic Circle in Northern Europe and he goes on and on. He heard passion bones. And a female speaker says tonight we're talking about sex outside your race or religion. You agree with this. We'll get back to the phone line. Yati, yati, yati, yati. Then a lady and the other end of the phone line started explaining your views on the subject. 257, I am three minutes later. He lost track of his signal. He dropped it. It's the right out of his hands. Damn it. Right in midstream, too, baby. And the guy's name is Honu. Nilak. Nilak Salah. Honu. That's like Timu. As in house by you. Timu. Those fins, man. I don't know. They got some of them look okay. Like that. Koivo and Tahanu. Is that all they know from? Koivo. On a Montreal Canadian. Shloimy Koivo. And Timu Salani. And this is Maharajiyanu. Why can't they be more like us? Okay. Why can't they be barbaric and more like us Americans? Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey Nilak. Good morning. Yes sir. You know, for years you've been saying that there are no living and breathing people down here. Very few. And I just realized that. Sir, pretty hard. I know. And I just realized that both of the newspapers down here agree with you. Yeah. I'm sitting here looking at the sports section of the Philadelphia Empire and the Daily News. Both of whom, as you know, are published by night reader. Mm-hmm. I'm looking at the coverage of the footballer and the hockey. One paperhead eight. We pooters covering the Eagles game. Yeah. They have two or three reporters covering the fires game. Yeah. They have late scores in here. They don't put the paper to bed at mine. In other words, they're real newspapers because it's a real city where there are people who's big English and really read a newspaper. Absolutely. Not here. No. You're right there. It's not down here. Yeah. And the film majority of the living and breathing down here don't amount anything. Mm-hmm. The papers ought to do away with the sports section. Have one page with scores. And have a no-good show where we section down here. Oh, that's in there. Yeah. But I mean make a whole section. It is. The people read it. You didn't check out the last 20 pages. I guess not. At any rate, that's what I had to say. Two quick questions. You were telling me to get me a telephone number where I can get the touch with Dr. Appkin. I told you one day. Oh, I don't. I can't find it. I can't. I don't got it. And they want to New York. You only. I got the same number. You've got from the book. That's it. Yeah. So if there may be you had a place to contact them. I still think that 40 hours the best talking player ever seen. Well, good luck to you. Great. Have a great life. Thank you. Wrong. We have an open line. Two of them in Broward 5249463 and a purple line. AT&T Wireless. Pick it up and pound it. We pay the freight pound IOD. 1221. At WIOD. It's another candle Toyota exclusive. Right now they'll pay you at least $4,000 for your trade no matter what condition it's it. Who's got this account now? By the way, that little short guy that replaced Larry Potwell? I got news for you. I got a little short guy that replaced Larry Potwell. We got some very high price accounts on his show. And one of them is this account that George is driving at beautiful Camry and if anything happens to what he's going to be really pissed off and take it out on your short little ass. Yeah. So we better get on the stick. Okay. Because everybody knows that candle Toyota will give you a four grand tour of the purchase of any new 1996 Toyota Previavand 4 runner Avalan super Tacoma Camry. Ellie Camry wagon. Camry V6. Look at the T100 pickup Tacoma extra cab. T100 extra cab. Tacoma pickup or land cruiser in stock. And they also know that everybody who buys a new Toyota right now also gets an AT and T cellieder phone and a extra cost. And they also know and they better as always that candle Toyota will beat any other price on any other Toyota for many of the dealer advertised or otherwise they know that. Little short guy that replaced Larry Potwell. And by the way, little short guy don't buy a house. So get your ass down here to candle Toyota on US 1 just south of the day land or call him at 1 800 873 Toyota and ask Mark Jacobson if he bought a house. I sure hope not for his mistake. This offer by the way is based on MSRP but you already know that and you already know what excludes two cells, corollas and you already know what excludes past sales right and you certainly know it's not a conjunction with any other offer. You know it's just amazing this business bears out what I always said right. Here's a facts. I'm going to even dignify the one from that Greg. You see you let him on here for a few seconds. This is the problem with you Greg. You won't stop. You won't stop. Quick with the facts is already leave me alone. Go get a hobby. Stick your butt up your nose. Who do you think this facts is from? Okay. One step away from Greg from Boynton Beach. We also just just savage to hear this morning. Ice. Female. Bonnie. No. You didn't warm. Sandy. No. Who says that I'm disgusting and obnoxious in the chasing everybody away? Ellen. Right. It's a hockey thing. Do you believe the Panthers weren't even rated as contenders and your opinion is their truth of the Bababada, a fellow fan female Ellen. I don't know who this is. I'm just saying that you can't even chase some of these people away no matter what you say no matter what you do, they won't go away. They won't go away. They won't stop. You can't insult them. And she says, I'm insulting everybody and chasing them away. How could you insult anybody when you're like this? Ellen. Here's a lady in Miami. Hi. How you doing? Okay. Good. Happy holiday to you. And back to you. I love your show. Thank you. I'm so happy to see all that football is so important. Because they have very tiny penis as most of them. Seriously. That's the truth. Yeah. It's not because the guys are in touch and have tight bites and they run around and they'll go. That's a part of it. I was going to get to that. I think that's why women watch football. They have very tiny penis is also. Well, that's I don't think we have any. You never know. Now you never know. You never checked out and Bishop. That's that. That is bad. That's rank. Now tell me. What do I have to do to make you part with a French and Autro CD? I don't have any. You don't have any. Who said I had a French and Autro? I said I have the sample that's got one Frankson Autro cut on it. Hey, that's not bad. Hello, okay. Can I have that one? And it's Frankson Autro with Cindy Lauper. Oh, I have to put up with that bitch. I don't know about Cindy Lauper. Well, you have to just listen to one channel. It's almost as bad as Paul McCartney. Not quite. Nothing. I'm going to Tom Petty and a heartbreakers and a carpenters and herby Alper. It's got a bunch of different direct on it. Oh, there you go. But price is right. It's free. There you go. Well, hang on. Thank you. Oh, she was very meek. You notice that toward the end? Like, oh, I'm not going to talk myself out of this. Line one. Take care of that very fine young lady there, okay? Totally, we got some fine women in this audience man. Everything is just fine. Don't forget that Vegas trip. I want those phones ringing off the hook from now till the end of the year because we're going to Vegas, come hell or hi water, April 18th through the 21st, leaving on the 18th at 9.30 in a morning from either for Lutterdale or Miami, your choice. There will be two separate flights. We stop in Dallas. Then we pick up the same plane in Dallas on the way to Vegas. We get there one on the afternoon on Thursday, which means we got all of us the whole day on Thursday, all day Friday, all day Saturday, come back on Sunday. Leave Vegas at one get back home to Fort Lutterdale and Miami 10 in the PM. Got it? Great. We're staying at the greatest place in Vegas, Bar none and I guarantee that. There is no contest. The new tower in the MGM Grand. Three nights in Deluxe rooms. American Airlines commercial jumbo jets no more this charter crap. We're never going to do that again. 599 bucks per person for double including tax baggage handling at a bunch of goodies we're throwing in. 569 per person for triple 550 2 person for quad. And if you want to check it out, call Rocky Rutton Burger again. You got a $150 down per ticket by December 31st and then you got two months to pay the balance by February 1st. Where's that one month? Well, whatever it is. While Rocky and check it out today, get yourself signed on there. Let's fill up. We got 200 seats booked on the two planes. Let's fill up all up and really do it. In data Broward call 44570740, 4457740, in Palm Beach, 989, 8888. Statewide it's 1-800-686-1161. Rocky at Regal Travel is the person you want to talk to and a good time will be head by all come hell or how water I'm telling you. If you've been to Vegas already, I don't have to say a word unless you're a moron. And if you've never been there, let me say it one more time, you have no clue as to what life is all about. Here is Miami, hello. New. Yes, sir. Are you so negative? About what? Isn't generally. Why am I so honest? Is that what you can't deal with? Well, that's the word you're looking for, but you want to make it negative. Why do you listen to the show if I'm so negative? No, because in the office, one of my coworkers has it on and now. You know something, I can't imagine being in a situation where somebody else would be listening that I would be that interested or involved, even if I was forced to have it in a background that I would wait on hold for half hour or whatever you've been on hold to talk to somebody and critique their show. I don't get it. That speaks to how bored I am right now. Evidently. Neil, but I would imagine that you, you know the pleasure and the softness and the positive feeling of the affection of another person. I mean, do you? Are you going to let's ship right now? What does that mean? Why are you writing a book? What do you care about what I'm in if you don't even like the show? I want to help you on being more positive. I don't need your help. Neil, I'm in a profession. Let me say it again. This is a radio show. I need your help like I need a lock and copy. You know what that means? I'm sorry. I'm not into a safe. Oh, and you're telling me you're in that profession. You're like a psychiatrist or psychologist and you're some guy who the hell are you kid? See your credibility is right down the toilet already. Neil, speak with me. Speak to a glacier psychiatrist. Speak with me. Don't talk to me, Neil. Speak to you if I want. Oh, here we go with Lingo. Let me help you right off the phone, asshole. Let me help you. Oh, my God. How sad. How pathetic. This is your automatic call back, sir. 1231 at Wild. Now you know if this is really in some orifice. That's some secretaries. I'm going to pick up. What is it? Not West Day. Northwest Day. What? Mental health center. Mental health center. This is really Northwest Day. Mental health center. Yes. We're on the air at Wild. Oh, one of your people in there just called here. I think he's in need of immediate counseling. Mm-hm. Did they give you an extension number? He said it was a coronal extension. I don't know what that means. I think he's looking for one. Okay, I'll hand it second. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Ooh. Sounds like there's gas in the phone line. Okay, don't inhale too much, pal. He's probably busy doing it right now in healing. We have an open line in date, 7519-463-751. When they start talking at cycle babble lingo, man, then you know what you're dealing with. Even Van Lingo, Mungo, never talked that lingo. 1232 at Wild. Here's Boca, hello. In the oil? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I can't agree with you more about the prime cocks in the and the boys at the dolphins. The boys at the dolphins? The dolphin boys, you know, whatever. Those guys, that football team. I moved here from San Francisco about four years ago. Yeah, that was a bad movement. Hey. But thank God, they got a wonderful team, winner lose. They don't spell this crap. Yeah. And these are the guys. I'd you like to gain the jury rice head if you watched the game last night for the 49ers who went a hang on by the skin of their teeth and nearly blew a three touch down lead, but still played a great game. Well, I'd you like to hear a rice okay? Now, there's a human being, there's a guy. Is it guy with class? He wasn't spitting on anybody. And he wasn't getting his ass kicked out of the game. And even though he has mouth-to-off like I said yesterday, the media would have got frustrated about that big mouth the on Sanders and said we don't need the on Sanders to win and guess what? It turns out he was right, wasn't it? It was. And when Dallas even would be on Sanders' struggling and it's cost him $35 million, a mighty expensive lesson for Jerry Jones to learn by the way. That's right. And the 49ers have class. That's what they've got. And by the way, speaking of very Sanders, anybody who knows, I mean, Deon Sanders anybody knows he just got cut by the giants. I just thought I would mention it. Just got cut by the baseball giants. Oh, what a bad break. I'll tell you what, it's a pleasure talking to you and listening to you, sir. Well, listen, I think we all need mental help, don't you? I'm moved here, there's proof of it. I'll make a group appointment. Have a great life, pal. We have an open line on the green line. One eight hundred, do you have any warm loving relationships with anybody tender and soft and sweet? I got news for our pal. I've had more tender warm loving moments with somebody soft tender and sweet than you could ever begin to imagine, okay? Sweetheart. Open line on the green line, 1,800, 944, 9463. Oh, I speak of a soft tender and sweet word how's he going to horny. Thank you for inviting me, Doc. See, there's some good in everybody. There's a little good right on the inside. Oh, there's coal. Coals got that. There's a guy that needs some help. He's always pissed off. If you want to know why, there's your answer. Look at it right there with that turned up nose, that pitch. 1235 at WIOD. I just can't stand that so loud. Okay, we got it the first time. Take a shot. Thank you, Blake. We need a leader who will get us back on track. Maybe it's time we had a president who's black. I've seen him on TV just up in his soul to close. Oh, boy. I heard his running mate might just be James Earl Jones. And the label. His name is Colin Powell. He happens to be the last. The latest coal sink. He's the leader of the past. Yes. Some folks used to close in my day say they're ain't no way. But the time they changed. No, that next one could be gay. Oh. Come on, it's a foul. Colin Brown. Tony, until one at WIOD. Happy Tuesday on your neurotic station. 610 WIOD, where needless to say, we're all in need of very serious mental help. And if I'm in need of help, what does that make feel Henry? Are you positive? Here's Boko. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. Happy holidays. And back to you. Hey, I should get a handle with our plantation. Yeah. And I haven't watched it since. I'll bet you have your hand. It was the best 60 bucks I've ever spent though. Great. All right. We had a great turnout. That was a big turnout. How happened over there? I waited as if there was a longer line in a dizzy world. You know what I mean? The long line. Anyway, this is the reason I'm calling. You know, you talk about Brian Cox. You know, you know, you know, you're interested in the facts that you refer to him as an enforcement like on professional. Yeah. Appearance. Inhumane, a disgraceful jackass. Yes. Overgrown child like asshole. Look, mudduck. Yeah. Exactly. Now, what I want you to explain. It's a what's their point. Why is it that in hockey? That one of fights breaks out in the middle of the action. And interrupt the game. Why is it so far? That's the part that's part of the game. What is it? Why is hockey considered so more violent. Or just part of the game where he said it. Nobody said it is fine. Nobody said it's more of a file. Let's just a man's game. It's a real man even managed to that. Really? Right. Come on, Neil. You can't go. That's the only that you can tell me. I bet you're part of it. That's the only answer you can tell me. I just got to you, Tonya. It's not a man's game. That's a... What is it? What is it? What is it? What is it? The ladies game? You don't consider it on sportsmen like an unprofessional when a hockey player does that in the middle of the game? Does what? Just starts fighting for no reason. They don't. They don't start fighting for no reason. They start fighting because it's a very fast pace. Is that each other? Well, I got an issue to do the same thing. You want me to answer the question or not? I'm way too late. My good, close personal friend that had such a good time on Saturday, but now wants to bust my balls. No, I'm not busting. Now why don't you let me answer the question? I'm waiting. You might learn something. Yeah, well, be this. We have an open line in Broward, 524 Jackass, 524 Coxel Hoys, and what on the green line? See in hockey, they're out there on the ice. They're skating faster and how they got sticks. You see those big things. They got those wooden things. They're called hockey sticks. Okay? And they hook each other in a hole and they grab a trip and they do some nasty stuff because that's the nature of the game. Now football, yes, it's a contact sport, but the fact is in football they line up. They run a play. It takes about five seconds and they burst themselves off and they go back to the line of the scrimmage and they all hold hands and then the center bends down and the quarterback puts his hands under his ass. One of the great things ever saw you know how they have those bloopers? One of the greatest sports bloopers I saw the other day. It showed it was a college football team and the quarterback got me I guess he was under a lot of pressure to clock was running out of gets real panicky. He runs up to the line of scrimmage and instead of going under the center, he's like one guy off. He goes up to the right guard and he puts his hands under his ass. And the kid like reaches back and swats him away. I can't out of here. He's getting a little personal now. I'm the right guard not the fact that it smells like you're wearing a little bit. Right guard. He put his hands under the right guards ass. And let me tell you a football is such a man's sport pal. How come it is when Bernie Kossar is at quarterback? Nobody wants to play center. Okay? Well you answer me that question. Nobody wants Bernie's hands under their ass. When you answer that question, then I'll get back to you about hockey, which you obviously know nothing about. In addition to which there are lots of fights in hockey, there are lots of players even some of the pussy's out there, I guess. Once in a while I get into a fight because there's some nasty hostile hitting and checking, it's a real brutal sport. Football is a pansy sport, just like even defosis of a bunch of men running around and silly tight pants, grabbing each other's ass. That's football. It's a pansy sport. So we don't expect guys running around spitting each other's face and going out there and getting stupid penalties and costing their teams the game. Have you got it? In addition to which there are some of us who are real hockey fans like me, who aren't really fine at the hockey players who are the goons like Kenny Baumgartner on a Maple Leafs and Ty Dummy who get a lot of stupid penalties and occasionally cost our teams the game. Okay? But I would only even want to hear it because you run some kind of a Jewish filibuster. Okay? Here's Miami on a Broward line. Hello. Hello, how are you doing today? Okay sir. Neil. Yeah. Let's go Panthers tonight all the way tonight who we play in tonight. I mean, well, well, this week's gonna be my 14th game of this week so and I'm very excited for the Panthers and I want to say one thing, can I call some people some British police? We have an open line at Broward 5249463524WD. They sure know how to get to me. Don't they? They sure know how to butter me up so they can come on here and say, Kelly's a douche man. Yeah, they know how to do that, right? Right? Good luck to the Panthers. Panthers aren't playing again until Thursday, okay? Sir. If you were to even be close, if you would have been within 24 hours even then I might have said, okay, the guys, you know nothing about it. It's going to his 14th game just this week. I got a game for you, but you're probably playing it already. Here's Holly, what? Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay. Sir, I'm a hostile just the way they like me, sir. First, I'm a hostile, miserable and nasty and unrelenting. I hear you. First time caller, long time listener. Great. And I just want to actually two questions. You wanted to what? Two questions. One is, uh, you wanted to what? Ask a question. Okay. Okay. About the situation with Pat Riley coming back to I have no interest in a pro basketball is a boom sport. I understand, but considering the way he left, it would be interesting. Would it? Well, it's kind of like when Denise Pothan goes up and broadcast to game in New York and they pull him out of the broadcast booth because they all hate him like boys. And I would say there's a similarity, guys. Yes. Yes. Okay. And the other thing. There's just a bunch of sour grapes up there in New York, okay? Yes. They, they, they, although I'm not really sure about Pat Riley and he may be the Mike Keenan of basketball. I'm not sure if he really is all that sharp or if he's just an asshole with a big mouth like Mike Keenan. I'm serious with the, the version is out. They even hire more police. You know, they get a couple, they get a couple of major injuries on the team right away. They lose every day now, even though I don't follow up, but I do look at the scores. You got to be able to play above your injuries. You know what I'm saying? You can't go into morning. It, yeah. Yep. Get a watch up for that morning. Right. Okay. One more, uh, more more question. Uh, I'm in fact. That's what they call JT snow in the Anaheim, the angel of the morning. But anyway, go ahead. I'm at home and I'm taking care of my parents. And unfortunately, both of them are pretty ill. Um, my mother has Alzheimer's and my father, he looks like he has it as well. And he looks, he looks like he has it. Well, I believe he has it. And um, um, uh, I was, well, how do you look like you have? He doesn't look like he has, oh, you know, the, uh, getting with the loss of memory and things like that. Well, I, I can't remember what they'll happen to you yesterday. And, uh, I was running if there are any social workers out there, I need some help. I mean, I'm really stressed out and if they would call and I just need some positive feedback on what to do because I, I really don't want to put them in a nursing home or anything like that. Yeah. And I'm not really getting as much support as I would want to from my brothers. So, uh, why not? I don't know what I'm going to call us and indifferent. Yeah. Call us and indifferent. Everybody's married and has their family. I'm the only one who's home now and with my parents. I'm, uh, we have a matter of fact, I'm not working right now. So really, um, I'm home and try to be like, you got the life of Riley over there. Yeah. So what are we going to do for this guy, George? You want to take his number and maybe that guy from that mental health place, although I hope somebody more responsible than that calls you back. But, uh, yes, I hope so. George, you'll take your number and we'll try to get you some help. Definitely. Good luck, you know. I'm, uh, appreciate that. Line five. Take care of that guy. See you. Thank you. Got troubles out there, huh? You think you got problems because Brian Cox is an asshole and you want to sit around and argue with some goofball on a radio that well, he played a good game. He's a great player. Oh, cares. Grow up already. Well, yeah, grow up. He played a good game. He never stole a freight train. You know something? I don't give a crap. How about that. Huh? I don't give a crap if he did steal a freight train. He's small potatoes. He's like Frankie Pentagely, man. He's small potatoes. 1248 and from what I hear in a locker room, netting all that small. That's what man did said. You jackass 12 minutes till one at WIO, D D D. You know, 16 WIO D no shirt, those shoes, no problem. The title fight match up. No one ever thought of until now. Tyson versus dog, Mike Tyson, Princess Diana, 50 rounds, did decide who will wear the crap. Mike here. No more you hanging in the back. Take your weight. Mike Tyson wanted a fight that would bring him the box. That's right. Princess Diana just wanted to beat up a man. Any man. I should punch you so hard. You're never shall put a hand. You get it. Jumping and the queen reset Tyson versus Diana. Rodden and Struster, Mama, you should put around a box in his truck. I don't need the crowns. You'll like to take your family jewels. I hate no fear. I touch you, Mr. Marvel. Yes, Malice in the palace. Tyson and Dahango put around who can in fucking heat. Friday night on pain for you. It's killing me. I'll tell you that. 1252 at WIO D is we try to get mental help for me for all of you, for everybody, for George, who certainly definitely is in desperate need. We have an open line in day. It's 7519463 751 WIO D. And the reason I said that is just up and think for a second over these last several years, just think of all the morons you've heard on the year. Just imagine the ones that never got on the year that George talked to. Okay, stop and think about that. Oh, hey. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. First time call it. All right. I was listening to your news break that you had. I just had something that's necessary to make a comment about that guy that beat the death that two month old baby. Uh-huh. I just beyond comprehension has it is. And I hear people call in y'all a time and talking about this and that. I just why doesn't anyone ever talk about it? Because they don't care. They don't care. They accept it. See that that to me and I've said this for the last several years. Now, this to me is the most unacceptable part of American people's behavior is that they accept anything. No matter what it is, they just say, oh, well, this is horrible, but this is the way it is and that what we do now, what time is hard copy on? Well, that's the American public. It's just, you know, I moved down to this. We're talking about a country that's got no collective values. We're talking about a country that's got no respect for human life. Well, it adds absolutely true. And you hear about it on the news every day. And it's just a matter of fact, you hear, oh, well, that's bad and people go on and stuff. But it's a media, the media makes a big thing about it. Like Jimmy Rice, then all of a sudden, the public acts like the world is coming to an end because oh, my god, a little kid got boarded up and killed it. It isn't that really terrible. Right. Which is terrible, but it happens every day. Yeah, and I try to make a try to call and talk to you the other day. You made the comment about that about all those people getting the signatures, trying to get posters and federal facilities. Yeah. That's going to make a big, that's going to make a real big difference, man. Do something worthwhile. Like getting access to the FBI computer system that might be able to help people find these people. But what good does it do to stick a poster in a government facility? Well, the FBI does not have room for too many of these lost kid reports because they're too busy with all those files. They got in everybody's private sex life. So they don't have room for the good stuff. Well, I appreciate you giving me the time. It just supports my opinion. I just hurt it. And I just couldn't believe it. I just, my wife and I just had our baby. And it's three months old. And I just couldn't comprehend how about how about the guy in Kendall who just raped the 18-month-thru old baby? Oh, his own. Because he just wanted to experiment. Is that what he said? Yeah. He wanted to experiment. Experiment. Unbelievable. And I think we ought to experiment with him. Maybe a bullet through the brain would give like a real shocking sensation might wake him up. Well, if we can find where the brain is. It's just amazing. And I live different places throughout the United States and Europe in Miami, area or the Fort Lorddale, Miami, area. It's got to be the armpit. Yep, of the world. The greatest barbarians in the history of the human race. This is where they wind up. If you're if you're an asshole, move down here. You'll be right at home. All right. Thank you. I'm here. Have a great day, pal. Bye. That's why I'm staying. We have an open line in date 7519463751 WIOD. Our center one total is outstanding. It's 90,000, 59 bucks. We went over another big hurdle there. We got over the 90,000 mark. You can call center one or to those CDs and cassettes and t-shirts at 5, 6, 1. All oh seven eighth, where you can stop into your borders, music and books and cafes, doors and choral springs. Have a true accandled bulk of forlaterdale and in coconut grove in Mayfair. And pick up the same. Here's Miami shores on a purple line. Hello. Hey, man. How's it going? Oh, him in. Hey, Texas. Did you see this article that the post office put in the harrel about the about what the postal workers love and hate? No. I don't read the harrel. Well, I don't hear that. I hate the post office more. In an effort to help postal workers hear some of the things they love and hate about the way we package an address our mail. Yeah. I'll take a couple of quick. They love it when we include the correct zip code. When we stick with white envelopes, the machines have a tough time reading addresses on the green and red envelopes. Good. He's at a mine folks. Lots of red and green envelopes. They love it when we put our mail our things, like. By the way, man. Wait, man. Slow down. Okay. They met. They'll love it. No, wait. Correct me if I'm wrong. But at holiday time, don't people send cards. A lot of times in red and green envelopes. Of course. It's a whole idea. It's a whole point. But no, it's an asshole. Please don't do that. They love it when we mail our things in a collection box or better yet. Bring it to the nearest mail processing plant. Leaving out going mail in your mailbox for the letter carrier can delay delivery. This is actually what it says. Why is that? I don't know. Why do they call them letter carriers? Got me? I thought they were supposed to do it. Pick up them. I knew it was for the most of the mailmen I know they're carrying something more than letters. And you don't want to get it. Trust me. I'll see you come with. This is what they hate. They hate it when we scotch tape stamped to the envelope. Taped chips up the machines. Use glue. If you don't have glue, don't glue for it to post office. They hate it. So in other words, I'm going to take my mail down. If I had a stamped it's like it doesn't have a lot of muzzleage on the back. I'm going to take it my letter down to the post office. They here. Would you put some glue on the back of this? Oh yeah. And you have to wait and the line to do that. And they also hate it. I got an idea. I got something different. We can put on the back of the stamp. That'll stick pretty good. Yeah. They hate it. That'll be a real heavy duty way to make your stamp stick. They hate it when we hide the retry and address on the back. Keeping it on the front of the envelope helps ensure the letter gets back to the center if there's a problem on the delivery yet. Oh man. Can you imagine having to flip that baby around in the envelope too? I give me a great. The cramped 32 cents to send a letter out and they got all these restrictions because They're going to come over. Right. It's not like a bunch of excuses to be. Two more quick ones. They fail to read. They hate it when we fail to read all the brochures and posters inside the post office. And I'm a wall. They get answered to most every mailing question you can come up with. They need them first. Then get in line. Right. And lastly, they hate it when we clog up post office lines. And if you want to get familiar with your mailman, just stand there and post off his look at those wanted posters on the wall. Some of those faces will start getting real familiar. They hate it when we clog up post office lines with tasks that you can carry out at other places. All over town such as buying stamp. Oh. Thank you very much. I'm going to the counter to buy stamp stick your money and those machines and let it get stuck in there. Right. Or even worse, as change get those Susan B. Anthony dollars that nobody will take anywhere. Get those for change in those stamp machines like we do in plantation. Everybody's good to Canadian pennies. Right. I'm out of here. Have a great life. See you at the office. We have an open line in the problem of the whatever it is. Purple line AT&T wireless pound. I would deal with got one in Broward 5249463. Have you noticed the difference today? I got all those CDs and very, very few people for some reason. I get the feeling I could be wrong because I definitely do need some serious assistance in mental health, which I'll work on immediately after the show. But in the meantime, you don't think that some of them are intimidated. Do you? God country and IOD. Because he's not necessarily in that order. W-I-O-D. My enemy Fort Lutter-D. Use talking entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D. You just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that. Like that one to two while. There's no better way to celebrate the holidays that bring family and friends together to enjoy good food. But overindulging at the dinner table can lead to unpleasant side effects, like gas. Excuse me. Excuse me. Oh sorry. This holiday season, fresh and things up with new spinkermints. Sinkermints, the after-dinners to Vositoris would make your fart smell midi-fresh. Hey, I just farted. Anis smells great. Because you do it again. All right. Ah. This holiday season, fresh and your fart's with spinkermints. Sinkermints. For an ain't that sure friends, but why do you get close to it? That's right when you fart your friends will all say, it's a Mahaya. Ah. 106-W-O-D. Look at those Broward lines. So can Epi-Mestake is that like an apparition or an aberration? 5249-463. They all went dark in Broward. Real dark. Even time magazine ever saw nothing as dark. 5249-463. Here's an, and then of course they want to get married. Here in a Nick want to get married in jail. We just had on there. And the priest being another one of those great, loving, wonderful priest. He says, uh, I can't do it today. Making appointment with the warden, bitch. And they turn to Ron and says to Nick, and by the way, son, don't forget if I can assist you with your spiritual needs. Father or two. Guy. Right. Who are you, kiddin? Pervert. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? I just wanted to call it because I love your show. Of course. And I wanted to talk about the Golden Lab puppy that got killed. The Golden Lab puppy that got killed. Yeah, and the guy was putting jail for it. Oh, is this the guy that like bounced it off the sidewalk and beat it up with a batter, whatever, with a thing? Yeah. Right. I just think that is like so bad and stuff. I think how long you see getting in jail or. He should be an electric here right now. For killing your creature much more valuable than he is. Yeah. I'm serious. He should be dead. I know. Um. Yeah. Why aren't you going to ask him about Oprah? Oh, I thought it was a talk show. Like, like, talk shows like Oprah's a talk show. You thought what was the talk show? This, like, he called out. He just got through saying to me, you love my show. I know about that. How can you love my show if you don't even know what it is? Well, I was listening to it today. Yeah. She called to ask me what was going to be on Oprah tomorrow. I know. What do you watch Oprah? Huh? What do you watch that bitch for? I don't know. You have you've ruined my life. You just destroyed any faith I had in the human race has just vanished. I didn't have much life. What? I like Ricky Lake too. Ricky Lake. Yeah. What do you like about Ricky Lake? Her fat? Does that blubber turn you on? Those big mounds of oozing yellow fat inside of her Puppek? Does that do something for you? No. So in other words, you're one of these bimbos that sits around and watches these stupid talking head shows. And watches all this contrived crap or people allegedly are screaming in each other in yelling and getting into all this verbal made up of abuse. Is that what you like? No. What do you watch it for? I don't know. I don't know. Let me ask you something. Are you married? No. Are you planning on getting married? No. Oh, thank God. You're not going to raise children, are you? I don't know. You're not going to reproduce. No. Good. Thank you very much. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800-9-2-1-1. Forest sterilization. Trace that college George immediately. Get up there and like fix her. Fix it right now before it's too late before it's broken. Boy, boy is that pathetic or what? She called to ask me what was on Oprah tomorrow. So I hung up in the house. Why would she ask you what's on Oprah last year? Oh, well, of course, in order to find out, she'd have to read it someplace. She can't read it. I don't know. She wanted to know something you should have handled. I am. But she loves my show. She doesn't know what it's all about. She thought it was just a show. There were people called it and talk about subject matter like golden lab puppies. You are America. You are America. You are America. You are America. You are a misamerica. You are definitive America right? You are what's wrong with this country. Mindless, babbling, fool. Who sits there and watches all this Pablo M. who's spoon-fed. Who knows nothing. Nothing other than what comes spewing out as you over that tube. Howard Beal was right. Here's Miami. Hello. I am Neil. Yeah. Well, it's wrong with her. She's a dumb bitch. Well, I maybe that's it. Maybe she's got the good stuff. I'm sad. You said about what? I've been a doctor for 24 years. I'm changing. Changing to what? Like is the loss to game? I don't know. Yeah. It's a point of being. I don't know. It's a point of being, man. Yeah. They don't want to damn gang. Yeah. Well, good luck to your good luck to your new team. I hope they win every game. We have an open line in date, 7519, 463. Like I've said before, I didn't drop the dolphins because they win or lose games. Okay. I've made that very clear. And people that drop teams just because they don't win the game when you expect them to or hope that you're not a fan. You're just another funny. Yeah. I don't know. That seems to be, you notice that's catching on it. I. Yeah. Yeah. 11. I have to one. I. W. I. D. That's the American answer to any question, baby. I. Yeah. What happened to that bitch in here says that, uh, is that car still in here? I don't know. Oh, excuse me. This is what I want to happen in my bed. You don't want that. Play the boat and float away in a real one to take her place. It's a. Passion Clones. A GM till midnight on news, talking entertainment radio. 16 W. I. O. D. I don't know what it is, but it's moving. I don't know. First, there was the club. They had a theft device that locks to the steering wheel of your car. Then there was the cap. The anti theft device that prevents thieves from taking your airbags. Now there's the ultimate in state of the art that protection. Introducing the crap. Two and a half pounds of steaming human experiment that pops neatly into the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles. Coffinley installed the crap deterrents even those to permanently. A nice cry. They left a door online. Steve is for a little spin. Oh, my God. Someone took a dump on the front seat. That is disgusting. I'm moving under the next car. One roof off the crap and thieves will move on to another car. That doesn't have a steaming pile of human experiment on the front seat. We guarantee it. Order the crap for your car today. And anyone who tries to steal your car will be in deep. Well, you know. They'll probably get steamed. I guarantee that when they open at door 115 and W. O. D. I know that's what happens to me when I show up at work every morning. I open and door and I get steamed fast. Here is the West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. In response to the guy that was on there a while ago from Pennsylvania. Some were about the people down here not been able to read. Yeah. You know, he was talking about what was a seven reporters covered a football game from. What a happy. Yeah. Whatever it is. You know, those people up there must be kind of dumb because it takes that many reporters to cover a football game. You know, will they need one down here? Yeah, sure. So, you know, what's what's with these people from up there? I don't know. They must all be dumb. You know, it must be all dumb. It is. You know, they, uh, when they talk so bad about Florida and being down here. Yeah. I 95 in the turn pack, US 1, it all runs north. Yeah. And so they can take south. Yeah. Well, like to take, you know, like take them back down. Take them back with them, you know. Yeah. Uh, you know. You know, we got a nice place down here. And we don't need them. We're happening up. Okay. And response to him. Signor on letting me know. Let him go back to Pennsylvania, where it belongs. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Let him go back up the old Hershey Highway to Pennsylvania. We have an open line on the green line, y'all. And 1,800 y'all come back. 1,800, I ride. Thank God we don't got no nose pickers down here. They're all over there in Tampa, Temple, terrorists and lutes, right? They're not. Here's Helen. They're on a purple line. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm here to defend. And perhaps explain Brian Cox. You're wasting your time, pal. No, no, the statement. You're wasting your time and my time. Stop talking the retar. It's just. We have an open line on the purple line. Pound I OD, one on the green line. 1,800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 4, 6, 3, 1, 800, 9, 4, 4, 4. See this last guy that just called him on the before. This guy was on immediately after to just prove what you said. We got more stupidity per square inch down here. I'll find almost anywhere in the world from here to Uranus. I'll tell you that. Did he say from here to Uranus? If your car's life is over, go see Bend over. You'll realize what you had was painus when you hop in and ride your A-ness. Oh yeah. You've enjoyed driving Mercury. You loved your Saturn. Now come and dig Uranus. Love that new car smell. Nothing smells like Uranus. The bendability. No one has ever got stuck in Uranus. Baby, the plunge will be your rage. Bend over and ride your A-ness. And if you like a car that holds the road, you couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried. Uranus. Powerful. Yet great with gas. Need trunk space. Rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus. And if Uranus is rear-ended, our well-lover-cated joints will soften the blow. Come to our show, Rubin. Pick out Uranus. And leave that messy paperwork to us. Check out Uranus. Take the dive line, Greg, Luke, Gaines Bend over and ride Uranus. I don't even want to hear about the negative stuff. Okay, 1-18, it's WOD. That was that trick that called me for right that said I was so negative. He didn't even want to hear about the negative stuff. Of course, somebody is holding a gun to his head right now. And forcing him to listen to the show for four hours every day. So it can't really be helping too many of the people down here that need some serious help. No wonder we're not getting much accomplished. Okay, because this guy's been held at gunpoint for a solicitor to show it even Call a show and sit there on hold for 40 minutes every day. Speaking of needing help. Yes, that guy. Which guy? The guy that needed help that I took his number. Yeah, two very nice ladies who with similar situations are head-con through similar situations called up. And took his number and they're going to talk to him. All right. Thank God. See? See, there are people out there that think that this is nothing more than a show for assholes. Okay. Well, let me just tell you right now. The reason this show is on in this market is because they're a preponderance of assholes in this town. And that's why we perform a service. But once in a while, just by accident, just through a miracle, we just slip into a bucket of stuff. And we do something good for somebody. Like saving all these people's lives with the Atkins diet for which I get zero and return. Not even a thank you for most of those people. Like Mitch Lewis. Like Mitch Lewis. Who tells SUDZ, oh, by the way, I lost 40 pounds in my life is worth living now. Mitch Lewis, who don't know his puppet from his rectum, exactly. How do you like that? Saved his life. Not slightly, he saved her life and after finally embarrassing her to call after months of begging and pleading. She finally said, thank you. But that's okay. I can handle that. Once in a great, great while, just by osmosis, just through the accident of being alive. We do something positive for somebody. Okay? Dr. Ed by the way, anybody who would go to a goeysher doctor, they need serious stuff. I mean, there are probably some people go to an Italian doctor. Can you imagine going to an Italian doctor? Who's probably overweight and needs your diet? Yeah, my doctor's a Italian. You got a problem with Italians, huh? U.S. holes? I've been a like Italians. 121 at W.Y.O. D.F. He makes a sudden Darien's bathroom. He makes a mess, they don't rise. He got the sports pace, holding on his bendy knee. He makes a smell like something, yeah. And Mr. Tidy-Pow. Right, though. He made a jump in run. And you got the hat, he had a no. He all went to the hospital. He had a no. He all made his own the c'mon. He got the spare tire in his middle. He's always holding the hell below. He had a blue place, special with three flat beans. And you can hear his crack, his pro. He's Mr. Tidy-Pow. He made a jump in run. You better hide my friends. They're all made. Down the c'mon. The old man is all the c'mon. He's all the c'mon. Got a silly just by some of those Victor Rins. He'd be a lot of fun in the party outside of that. And he's always playing with the car. Oh, well, sometimes there's like a little after birth there at the end of those. You don't want to step on it. One 26 in WOD. Happy holidays, man. There's that holiday feeling in here in this joint. Like just about everybody's getting ready to bail out of here. And maybe not come back. If you missed the beginning of the show, I have an award-winning letter from Jack Ely. It freehold raceway here that would make hair grow in Uranus. I'm telling you it was just unbelievable. Talk about they're looking all over you one day and then you look at him cross it. Although it was nothing new. I've been ripping him an ass for months ever since he started bugging me and calling this show. I've done everything but tell him hey, you're a major asshole go away. In fact, I think I did tell him that and it's still in work. But evidently, I got to him, baby, because I got a letter here that I'm going to take call and put in a frame. I'm framing it. Here's a lady mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, I just want to tell you that anybody who thinks your show isn't good. You're a great singer. Yes, I do. And they listen to it in the Bahamas. My son said, Russell, he calls me to tell me things that you said in case I don't get you clearly over here. Come on. Right. And the guys from Pennsylvania. Yeah. Hit high 95 and head north. Don't come back. Which is Montville you down here. We're too smart. That's right. I think maybe from Palm Beach to call before. Are they? I don't know, lady. Okay, and now. And to the Italian's the Fettetalian doctor. Yes. You're a magnifying glass in a pure tweezer's fine. You penis and have a good day. Okay. Okay. Put the her in the truck when that guy heads back to her. Hershey. Oh, my God. Are they something else, huh? My doctor no longer happens to be so fat. And I got news for a sweetheart. I bet his penis is bigger than yours is, huh? Marginally. She's not in my doctor. I'm just making a little joke here. And they're getting all sorely. I'm the one at so negative in hostile, right? My good side coast cycle babbling shrink friend over there. And to Northwest Mental Health Center. Boy, oh boy, we ought to be taking numbers. This man ought to be making a house calls. Of course, I understand he hangs around too long. He's real reluctant to say boy boy. Because those people are getting caught nowadays. Here's Miami. Hello. Yo. Yes, sir. What's up, man? I got a con. You mean you made a comment earlier about a marino? Go on, bad news football thing. You made a con about marino. He won every game single hand. No, I did not. I said he has won many games single handedly. Oh, yes. But how could you say that when? He'll easily cause it happens to be a fact. Okay, okay. How many times has he pulled the dolphins out in the last two minutes of a game? With pinpoint passes marching the team down field. In fact, that one game a couple of weeks ago when he even ran with his bad knee and bad ankle and his aching. What? What? What? What is it? Run. That's my point. The man is a statue we can't run because he's got bad knees. But the point I'm trying to make to you is even with the bad knees. He ran for the first down in that game and kept the drive going and that Offence pulled it out. Thanks. Mostly to him. Well, are you correct? I mean, well, I'm saying. In other words, you don't want to give him credit. Is that what you're saying? He's a bad guy now or what? What's his problem? He likes him. What I'm saying is that they give too much credit to marino and not enough credit to receive. That's what a little boy. Let me tell you something. If I would like to have a hundred dollars in my pocket right now for every perfect pass he's thrown this year that was dropped, especially by Irving Fryer. If you want to tell me, that's right. That's exactly right. What games are you watching? What about it? What about it? What about it? I remember. If you want to tell him. In a sense, he's with the one and losing the game. That's the reason we lost the game. He's your one. He's your one. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. Both results. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. So did Jim Kailon. That was the turning point in the game. How come nobody's pointing the finger at him? He's a white guy. I can't think of his name. And he's probably lucky that we can't. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Just new. Yes, I am. Okay. I did have one comment about the Dawson's defense. Every since all pro line, that's a John offered off. We tried. It deepens has been going down. That's right. And we give it up 30 and 40. Give it up 30 and 40 points to girls teams like the Orleans. And the Patriots. They've given up all these points. In fact, most of those games they played during that stretch. The team against them got their high total of points for the whole season. Right. I have a question. Yes, sir. What Brian Cox, did was there when offered off was there? No. Oh, yes. Right. Well, I mean, yeah, he was off for a doll like two years ago. I mean, offered all didn't really play. I mean, offered all last couple of years. He was in. He was mostly out. Right. But when he played he gave 100% and more. Yes. He did. Also, he did not spit on the fans. He did not get it. What about your fist fight to get stupid penalties? Brian Cox, I like that because they feel that he got the rely on him. But he had learned something later when he's out of there. Yeah, which will be soon. Yes, sir. So I'm like, how you show? Okay, pal. Thank you. See you. Open line in date 7519463. This whole, this whole dolphin business goes to show you. It's really fascinating. First of all, I keep telling you, it's only a football game. But you don't want to understand because the sum of you, it's your whole life, which is very sad. And number two, how many people in this town really watched those games objectively and see what's really happening? Very, very few. Long before there was any feud with Shula Brian Cox anybody else in this radio station or yours truly or Phil and me or anybody else. Long before that, I was coming on here and be moaning the fact that I would spend all of that money for those 50 art line seats and go out there and watch a gross test and embarrassing performance. No past rush, which you'll notice again this year, there is no past rush. Marina was sack three or four times by the bills. Kelly was sacked how many times? Oh, the big old none. And most of the time, Kelly could have stood back there and written a letter to grandma and then throw in the ball. And only for the fact that he's got that bad arm, many of the pastes he came up short or he just stood through poorly. But no past rush, no pressure whatsoever. What's so ever, none and no running game and they can't stop to run. Those are the same three things I've been screaming about for the last five or six years. Has anything changed? No. No. Some of the faces, some of the names, they don't got Bobby Humphrey's no more. They don't got Sammy Smith no more. Those two guys who were running, where they run into ball are running drugs. They don't got Cleveland boy Gary anymore because they're closing on his house and on his ass and on his uniform. It's the same old tired crap, including the coach, especially the coach. That's where it comes from. But so long as there's ass kissers like Jimmy Sefflo and Jim Editture on, he'll love to hear for a long time. Okay, as long as there people will uncover up the fact he's a dodging old man who's lost it. He can't control these guys. They can't make the personnel changes to solve the problems. It's the same same garbage every single year. No running game. They can't stop the runner second. They're he sucks by the way. We don't want to mention that about Terrell Buckley and Gene Acons. And they can't run the ball. They cannot run the ball. They cannot run the ball. Forty two yards of which 16 was by was by Keith Bires. And you notice a couple of plays there late in the game when Keith Bires was like exploding, making it and they don't want to give him the ball. See, he was doing a little bit too good. They'll make Bernie probably look bad. And Terry Kirby. So God forbid, don't give Keith Bires the ball because he's really too good. One three, if I'm not, what do I know? Because I'm only watching the same game you are. One thirty five at WIOD. Oh! It is the action movie for Christmas. In the tradition of films like Wild Boots and the Magnificent Seven, make a book movie's presence, the WIES three. Arnold Schwarzenegger, Sly Stallone, and Bruce Willis of a three-wise man on a mission to the main hero. And they'll get there no matter what it takes. I see the star. Now I make you see stars. Oh no! If not the star action is the WIES three. Make their way through the desert on the mission to end all missions. See for her. Shea. Who's he? Shea. Shea. Come on. Let's go. We can't let the shepherds get there first. She was in Stallone with us. The WIES three. If the holiday movie that makes no frinkets, and sit on her wife's man. Albert 13921-2 at WIOD, the dubbing of America is nearly complete. Stay tuned, standby. Here's your field, Beach. Hello. Anyhow. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Hey, listen. I was out of town. I'm a belt fan of from Buffalo. Yes, sir. I lived down here in South Florida. Well, congratulations, sir. Nice job. Thanks a lot. I was out of town until late last night. I was looking forward to getting all the the reaction to the game this weekend on the radio. Yeah. But I can't just from listening to you while I was holding. I can't not see how anybody could say that this team that's often doesn't need a real house cleaning. Right. Right. I mean, Marvlee, Marvlee, he has out coached Don Schuley. And almost every game they've played head to head, especially. And of course, when people look back and see that Miami has never ever in the history of the two franchises, beaten the bills in December when it really counts. That has to tell you something. It does tell you something. And even, even Jeff Cross of the Dolphin set after the game, that he knew the Buffalo coaches couldn't believe how easy it was to keep running the same place, over and over again, like that end around the Kiprunner with Steve Tasker. They just kept running it over and over again and almost every time it worked, because the Dolphins make no adjustments. They go out there like they got metal lock jaw. Exactly. And this now and you're saying this from a coach, Marvlee, who's been out coached himself on a few big games in his tenure with you. Yeah. I wouldn't say anybody thinks that he's the greatest field technician. Not the greatest, but when he's up against Schuleyman, it's no contest. Exactly. Which I want to tell you something about Schuley right there. Right. Anyway. Well, listen, it's good listening to you. I was wondering if you could do me a favor. Yes, sir. I want to stand my brother who lives up in Buffalo. I'm recording this and I want to stand him that song you've been playing the last week or so about the... You don't mean a foul mouth-offence by any chance today? Yes. How did I know? Have a great life, pal. That's a great one. Will you play it for me? I sure will. Thanks, Neil. Have a great life, pal. Like I said, if he's a good boy. Because saying goodbye, never means new. I'm not just falling distasteful. The dolphins are cursing and man, it's disgraceful. Because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. So much. They might f**k you. But the f**k. Words of love they toss and the microphone are dumb. But we just can't seem to be left alone. This is because they like saying. So much. They can f**k you. But the f**k. Oh. But they play football badly. So long. How did the patriots kick their ass? So much. Well, they make it to the Super Bowl. But with an attitude as bad as theirs. They're f**ked. They're tossing our hopes down the stairs. Oh, man. Loot. A noxious foul in this case. Both the dolphins are cursing and man, it's disgraceful. Because Brian Cox and the rest of them are saying. So much. They might f**k you. Yes, they're saying. So much. And by the way, Brian. How's your mama? 143 at WID. Here's something positive going on tomorrow in the Sagress, no less. Florida Panthers. Mark Fitzpatrick and Rob Neetermira are going to be there from 3.30 to 5 tomorrow afternoon. And they invite you to bring an unraft toy to donate to toys for tots. In exchange, you'll get an autograph from Mark Fitzpatrick or Senator Rob Neetermira. It says, or not both. Okay. I want to clarify. Because if you're going to start bugging in both, Rob Neetermira will Spirit right in the post. Okay. It's going to be at the Sagress Mills Mall tomorrow 3.30 to 5. And the autograph signing will take place in the blue dolphin section of the mall. And speaking of hockey tomorrow is a big hockey day for us. We got Jeff Remer, the a voice of the Panthers on TV, which isn't saying much. But we got Don Sherry. We got grapes from hockey night in Canada from the Boston. From the Boston Bruins from the Rochester Amherst from all that good stuff. It'll be good. And we might have actually have like a whole bunch of tickets the other way. Let's find out who's really on top is stuff. Let's see who brings more freebies tomorrow. Jeff Moss or Remer. Okay. The pressure is on. Let's see who really comes through for me. Let's see who our real friend is George. Here's the North Miami. Hello. 93. Trace Armstrong. Trace Armstrong. Who would that great offside? Did you see that place? You get a ride ahead. That was a turn. It's turning. It kept a drive-by for the bills. I'm nobody even talks about that. Now guy went first. That's right. Only it wasn't even red cash. And he still went. Oh, right. He was in the Seattle game. He was first down in the other game. He was in the Seattle game. No. Was it? What's one game? He's not in that. He was in the Dallas game. Dallas, Giant. Dallas and Giant. And what a shame that was man in Giant had a great where they wanted him. And I just smell it coming. You just knew that Dallas would wick a loft the hook. They were lucky. He was right. Yep. And also, I've been listening to past couple days. Where did these people come off? If they're marital, wasn't around the past 11 years. He would have been wondering how mediocre. Let me ask you the last three years. How would you like to have had Bernie Cousar's to start in quarterback. Troy was wounded duck. We wouldn't even be 500. That's right. I mean, that guy. They would make the Jets look like Super Bowl champ. That's how bad they would be. Somebody possibly say, but man is overrated. Doesn't that go to show you what are on grateful a bunch of bastards there in his town? Absolutely. I mean, with Shula, at least, you know, you appreciate what he did 20 years ago. But the fact is, time has run out. But Marina was still pulling games out of his ass. He knows that they're hurt. He got lost. He was got lost. The size of elephant balls. And his guy still gets knocked. Oh, it's all Danny's fault. Overrated. I was. Yeah. Open your eyes, people. Let's get somebody good like Mark Rippin in their hot and see if they ever win another game. They're stuck in the air. Good luck to his pal. Bye. See you. Yeah. And again, the problem being that you're not dealing with knowledgeable sports fans, whether it's football, they claim, well, this is football country, right? They don't know squad about football. They think they do, but most of them don't. There may be a handful. Hockey, forget it. They know nothing. Nothing. The only thing they know is, John Fedby's bro. That's, that's the one name they know. That's it. It's really sad. What do they know? What do they know about besides ignoring stuff for free? What do they know about? That they know well. And what thing, that he's saying, Oh, well, this Christmas. 147 at W.I.O.D. has your mailbox seen better days. Are your neighbors putting for sale signs on your lawn? Because of the way that mailbox looks like a piece of, like a joke. Replace that worn out box with a beautiful mailbox from the beautiful mailbox company. Because there's nothing worse than it worn out box. From all mount to curbside units, the beautiful mailbox company is the biggest election in mailboxes you've ever seen for, you probably can't even imagine how big it is. That what I'm trying to say exactly. From maintenance free mailboxes and cast aluminum, fancy pedestal boxes, sturdy concrete and plastics to whimsical designs in wood, and one of a kind designs from a countercrete, including the five-foot tall manatee box, beautiful mailbox has exactly what you're looking for. And if you don't see it, they'll make one for you. Just the way you want it. For the perfect housewarming gift, choose from a hand painted ceramic or porcelain dress plaque too. Order now for the holidays. In fact, get your ass in there and pick one up. Or if you can't decide, get a beautiful mailbox gift certificate for that somebody special. Installations available in date, in Broward and even in Palm Beach. Beautiful mailboxes, they're open for you Monday through Saturday from 10 to 4 and you'll find them right there on university drive, just north of Griffin Road in Pristine, just Davy. Call them today and check out a great gift idea and create something for yourself in your house too. 475, 2020. 475, 2020, 2020, 2020 for beautiful mailboxes. 16 WIOD getting irritated yet. You Miami football fans are a bunch of douche bags. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh why areaka and Over jtte and Oh my god. Poor avocado. We're not talking about women. We're actually a lesbian. Our next legal lesbian. Our next legal lesbian. Beautiful 153 at WIOD. That's still number one with 82 bullets. And foul mouth dolphins is like number two just a half a bullet behind. Here's a mobile in Papadoh. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. First off, Panthers are God. Yeah. And I think if they go so to you. I'm telling you, I love hockey. When Panthers first came here to Florida, everybody, you know, they gave support. Whether they were there or at home, you know, they did get the support. Not as much as they should have, but they did get support. And now they're number one. Yeah. The best in the league knows who comes close to them. Yeah. I think it's wants to sell the team. I mean, this guy is net up money. He needs it. He looks more times like a tough man. He only made 102 million dollars in a market in one day last week. I'm saying, I'm saying, I'm saying I get in really hard. I mean, this is a team that's number one and knows that they have everybody in Florida. Looking out for them. I mean, we've never really had a number one team in a long time. Everybody is looking out for them. Everybody is looking out for them. Like those two or four or 5,000 empty seats that we have for most of our home games. We're all looking out for them. I'm talking about us. I mean, you can't do not know about the people that are going to come. Which can do is try to do everything you can do. And I give you a lot of respect for that now. Quick switch. Yeah. I want to tell all the people that they've got. Dammarino isn't a good quarterback just because he doesn't have one good game. This guy's got almost every record that there is to be gotten. And what more do you want? You know what I'm saying? I mean, how you can blame one man for a whole team. Well, he threw an interception. Don't you understand? Yes, it's supposed to be perfect. He threw one interception and that's the only thing they remember. Of course, they don't remember that Chris Armstrong jumped off side and that turned the whole game around. They forget about that. They forget about the fact that Buffalo ran for 28 yards and Thurmond Thomas. Most of it right through that great Miami defensive line. They forget all about that. Yeah, but that's right. But Bruno throws one interception and right away he's a bum. Even though Kelly threw a major interception in the head and made your fumble. And they give the dolphins 10 point gift points at the beginning of the second half. Nobody remembers that either. That's right. Well, you have 10 gift points is the only thing that even let that back into the game. Of course. But this is a dolphin. This is a team that gave Thurmond. The game ball because he made one. One way. That's right. That's it. At the end of the game. At least you know who's an important play. But how are you going to back everything up on one play at the end of the game? That is they were to play different in the middle of the game. They wouldn't even add it to the game on it. And let me say one other thing about Keith fires. I don't know if you remember that after Buffalo went ahead 20 or 13. Yeah. And Marino led that drive down field. My me came back and tied it up. Do you remember the great catch. Marino led him to the outside and Keith fires comes out of the back field and goes down and makes that unbelievable over the shoulder catch. That's right. That was probably the biggest play of that drive. Nobody remembers anything about Keith fires. Of course. I don't remember the last drive. The Amerino got intercepted. The defense could stop. These these fans don't even deserve the dolphins because most of them don't even understand. The game that they're watching. They know nothing. You know, I mean, listen. They're still hooked on the Buffalo bills. Been at a super ball four time. So Miami should at least go there five because we're better than them. But they get understand just because they don't win one game. The whole city. The newspapers. Everybody comes down on them. How does that make them look? How does that make them feel when they come to practice? What everybody says. Well, the fact is they suck. They do suck. But they got to watch a heart. They got to watch a heartless bunch of cry babies. They got to about a half dozen guys out there. They're really put out and they got to rest them. Are much of cry babies. A bunch of spoiled assholes overpaid. And so that's right. And they're running from the papers. They use them as excuses. I like aggressive players. Much is the next person. Yeah. Brian Cox. To punch somebody because he got passed you. You you whip. You couldn't hold him down. I know. I'm that Brian Cox a couple of times. I thought he was a nice. No guy. Yeah. You know, you're going to go pull some stupid. I should get you can't maintain the play. You shouldn't be in themselves. No, he can't maintain his composure. That's a problem. What are you getting so excited about so much. Exactly. Here's Volcano purple line. Hello. Hey, I didn't want to talk about the dolphins or anything. But the other guy said marino doesn't. It's all his fault. But I'm going to dump him fan or anything. But if you put the marino on San Francisco or Dallas. I don't think they even lose a game. Right. That's right. You know, that is unbelievable. And when I thought the guy said, what are you talking about? Drop passes that guy that got all been on the shape. My god, Irving Fryers dropped so many passes right in his hands this year. It's unbelievable. I bet you even rocked on never dropped so many balls right in his hands. Marino puts it right in between the numbers. Right. Exactly. He's not 100% old. I but neither is Michael Jordan. But everybody's in to it can make mistakes. And of course, I noticed that none of the local fans were complaining about the fact that Steve Volcano started the Kansas City Gameway. No business even playing that game play one down with the bad arm who couldn't throw the ball of foot. And though everybody was very happy about that and said, all hi, we want a great game. We were great. What the hell were they looking at them? What game were they watching? I would like to know, what were they watching? What's going to happen on marino or a time? You're going to hear a pin drop in Joe Robby. Yep. Now let's ask you a question. Now Bernie's going to be out there. I'm telling you the wounded duck is in the mighty ducks in the wounded duck. It's a thing is, it's a two-letter lot of world teachers person. But if you looked at San Francisco, they picked up Mark Trussman who knows to Miami Dump and they picked up Pete Kyle who knows the Dump. Why couldn't the Dump is to pick up these two young guys, bring new blood and teach fundamentals, football to these guys up close. Well you don't understand in Miami, it's against a lot of pick up young guys in San Francisco. It's okay. Exactly. That's it. I get 32 of black. I want to talk about a corvette real quickly. Yeah. I'm very disappointed. I got my corvette two years ago. What do you disappointed about? Because I want to trade it in and they only want to give me 21,000 of the vehicle worth 40 now. It lost so much on its value. I'm like, I'm in a position. He did get rid of it now. Okay, rid of it next year when it really... I never heard of such a thing. I was getting great trade in my fits. I don't know. I've never told me, well it's only worth 21,000 dollars. It was like no chance. No chance. I'm going to let it to a hunger crap. How many miles are on it? 20,000 miles. They told me because it's a six speed. It's the value. It's not like that. Oh, it's a six speed. Well, what can I tell you? I've got a tropical. That I would see any marino in marooning. Oh, so in other words, you didn't go to tropical Chevrolet? No. What the hell is wrong with you, man? Well, I'll go there. Now I understand why you're getting a bum deal. When you get over there and tell Jack Lee, where I told him either a else. Jack Lee, right? Jack Lee, bow. Jack Lee, bow. Tell him to either do it right or else. I'll do it after New Year's. Okay. Take care. Good luck, Tobacco. Oh, boy, no wonder. He went to that Morani. So anyway, center one total is 90,000 59 bucks. We thank you. Profusely, everybody. That's really helping us out. Of course, you're helping yourself out. Because you get in some great stuff on there. Let me tell you, these are the best CDs this year. Even a Rick and Sus might be worth looking at. I'm not necessarily saying buy and but look at it. And the best of Neil and the unemployed part two. And the Phil Henry, which Neil is to say, The Phil Henry CD is selling out everywhere. They can't even keep it in stock. That's how great it is. So head for borders. They're just head for the border and have a great life. Still the only radio station that doesn't suck WIOD. Miami Ford Lutter is. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD.