Sir, Merry-Veditch, he's here! Yes! Yes! He used to talk at Entertainment Radio 6-10. WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show to talk with Neal, called 75-1-WIOD in Dade. 5-2-4-WIOD in Broward. Outside the 3-0-5-area code, it's toll-free, 1-800-9-4-4-WIOD. And so, the 1-Customers can call pound IOD at No Charge. Now, the Neal Rogers Show, a news-talking Entertainment Radio 6-10, WIOD. 5-2-5-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4 He's just like Hitler and Ava Braun. What's that? He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. He's pounding on. The girl I'm going to end. She's going charging my. He's going to The Good New Year's Eve. He's got to Rivseac. She's got to turn to where I am. She's got to�적y roll. She don't care. Hahaha. He says the way that's reduced. I thought of this dress, yeah I don't know how she will fit In her wedding dress She's got a total of two wives She's got a total of two wives She's got a total of two wives She don't get I'll tell you why you push it to white She'll be right, she don't work out no more She's gonna have to go out of time To the glides she did once before Oh, I know everything that I could I'll leave it there To drive in the opposite way Or see Jenny Grace Oh, she's got a total of two wives She's got a total of two wives She's got a total of two wives She don't get I'll tell you why you push it to white She'll be right, she don't work out no more She's gonna have to go out of time To the glides she did once before Oh, I don't try my best And it's by some chance You jack out She's too tight in the waist I'll get some stretch pants Yeah I've got a total of two wives Yes I've got a total of two wives I've got a total of two wives We make you super Yeah We make you super We make you super We make you super There you go Yeah I've got to have some fun I've got this great of an Max von See Whatever his name is There's still four play and five play And there's nothing going on So you can feel free to listen and call and do it around What I'd be like that for time I'm going to make council Here's the judge All right back on the record In the event of the matter Mr. Simpson is again President before the court with his council Mr. Almond Mr. Chiro There's no problem Mr. Douglas Mr. Bailey People represented by Mr. Clark Mr. Darden and Mr. Hutchman In other words, I don't got it All right, I don't got it You adders to this those those will We reach our opening statements page Council Yesterday the jurors He got the highest One of the jurors handed the bailis a note for the court And they would just curious This whether or not the court was going to allow them to watch the super ball Oh come on We can and I've indicated to them that yes they can And That we would arrange the education I'm scared to report it on The second only in America This has got to be the epitome He hasn't got his tongue weight yet from speaking Ten seconds out of his post is judged What are we concerned about? Here's the biggest Most bellyhoot, most hyped murder trial In the history of the god damn human race And within the first five seconds What is the judge addressing The jury wants to know Can they watch the super ball this weekend All right Does that tell you everything you need to know And I wonder who's the judge's baton Okay crank it up a second Here's the free here Do you see the You're on the first objection I thought you were going to expose by the people Is that this has never been done before Yeah And we have located at least two California presidents They were the last one to the court The first came in Let's hear it probably What O.J. The first case of the century Which was the trial of parents There of here in Los Angeles For jury bribery Even though Mr. Darrell was represented Like him and he wrote down Some of the rural Rogers He was allowed to directly Part of the case with the god He had presentation Robzy What were you statement And closing argument to the jury Yeah, stop looking Are the second or Example of the 1972 Majority of Angelic Data Michael Jackson liked to show In your than California In which although she was represented by Council she also was allowed to Present Opening remarks to the jury Yeah So it's not a A question of Proposing something that has never been done before As to which there is no pressure Okay, let's get on with it The second objection raised by the people Is that they will be deprived of their right Of cross examination And I think that really Miss conceives what is being proposed here All right, first of all Okay, now do you want to hear this? Hello Yes, you do want to hear it Yeah, a little bit Okay, hang on You want to hear it? Yeah, hang on You want to hear it? Hello Line six Broward They're gone anyway, screw them You want to hear it? Hello Palm Beach What is that? Okay, crack it back up again We got like two people Opening statement What we are saying is that Mr. Simpson Be allowed to introduce himself to the jurors To introduce the defense team, the lawyers who are representing him To introduce simply Resurrate his plea of not guilty Oh man, of course the prosecution has no opportunity To cross examine a police We must not We will be prepared We'll be quite appropriate Quite inappropriate We're the jury to hear the plea On that of the jury and the police The police and the police Direct mind-bending the lifts Of the complaint Of the re-end Re-inducing This is not really all that remarkable A request What it really is Reload to the court The attention of the jury Back where it belonged The list of all of this Outlaw And that is on the defendant who is on trial To remind them that what's really a state in this trial There's always one to one freedom We want them to see who that man is She was a guy in two brothers And the two were here from him Very briefly in terms of Introducing himself Introducing council And reiterating his plea The second part of the motion You have simply addressed A physical demonstration That is routine Outlaw In trial Backfield and most routinely Downbody's execution As well as the defendant is trying to best And we're not involved In any testimony But simply a preview Of evidence that will be presented in the court Okay Here we go Come on, Joe, and it was represented To me that that preview Really of The defendant's knees Regarding certain surgeries That he has undergone as a result of his court That's what it is Maybe you want to keep my knee Yes That is correct We're going to show him your knee And have you contemplated the Security desires of the sheriff's department That they have their bailiff within Close proximity of the officer's And the time is this is done And how you would do that In a manner that would not convey A Unnecessarily negative message to the jury Well, that was the reason We brought this up in advance You're on our so that it Attiquit A public ballman training The preparation could be made You're supposed to Right on this side of the court room If that's necessary But it simply involves him walking From one side of the court room to the other Unfortunately the logical place to do that is right In one form Prosecution Council There Okay, here's the one Come on Come on, come on We got spots to do Judging what kind of played it the Let's see it Unfortunately small court room Well, if the prosecution wants to just switch Size with us will be glad to move over to this side of the court room But Yes, I don't think That they have any concerns about being in proximity of the defendant Well, I have just had concerns about that As a security concern as well All right Thank you Here we go Okay, come on Judging We have something to say something Judging Say it Do it Good off the pot already Say something beside you Wanna watch the damn super boy Judging Always be prepared to put off under his robot I'm informed Line is on the hands of the The stress the issue with night is like There's no problem with the The bail of being in touch just as Memo to the street and the line is not A dressing hand A dressing hand Or just place it's me Okay, let's go Let's go to guy you already finished your thing Sit on your fatty ass down And let's go Let's get a roll now Marks are going to get up He's going to hop a try Good shot Thank you Good morning Good morning Okay, get rid of this We'll do something And by the time it come back Maybe the judge is going to finally do something Something or somebody 1218 at your OJ station Wiod 16 Wiod Remind you Friends Don't let friends Listen to anyone else Let's start on this thing And I'm going to wrap it all your long Second tight end comes into the game One running back is great And he's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to get up He's stopped走 He's going to get up He's going to get up He's going to block He's going to get up He's going to get up He's getting up He's going to get up He's going to have a theory He's going to get up He's going to laugh He's going to laugh He's going to laugh The other guy he's like We've had an step on by no district attorney bitch. She says there's plenty of case law. Let me for example, one guy in some case one of the show is Ted Cruz, who is the jury. And he said there would be offering testimony in the same and he wants to show his knees. There was witty or whatever he wants to show him. That's offering testimony, but he don't want to be cross-examined. And she said, keep this douche bag. But he wants to get out of the state and testify. That's fine. And then we'll ask him some really good hard questions that we would like to ask him. Turn it up. Have to defend it exhibit his arms to the jury without first being sworn as a witness. That case was turned around. He says on the morning in question, I mean, this is the end of January 95. The thing happened on June 12th of last year. He was playing golf that morning the week before the murders. He completed an exercise video. So if he's going to cry that he's like a such bad shape, two-spin can bad turn it up. The court was a pal. And it was determined that it was a testimonial. It was being offered a testimonial evidence. It was a properly refused when the defendant declined to be sworn as a witness and subject himself to cross examination. Yeah. It also ruled that if the offer was a demonstrative one, then the trial court was justified and rejecting it on the basis that it was irrelevant as I've indicated to the court yesterday. His arm was doing awkward on May 7th. And I want to judge starts opening up his post and will. The condition of his arm. Down, off, off position. Shut up, bitch. OK, let's go to a sunrise. Hello. Yeah. Yes. Are you doing? How do you like it so far? So far, I speak pathetic. Yeah. This is a philosophy. I got to keep it perspective. I'm going to know and come in the day and complain about Eric. I said to call on the gay. And that's good. I said, you still suck. I'll listen to get. He still suck. It's pathetic. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Ha ha. No, I'm just going to think of it as a thing. But he does have one helper set to you. Ha ha ha. That was a great button. He has a tremendous butt. In fact, he was the inspiration for that song. We just play talkers, do I? What about the one before we? I love that. Yeah, that was it. That was the thing is. And so much of a couple days ago, is that if you didn't get a, we should, well, you got to do a test. So she didn't get any class like 50, but see what happens. Yeah. Because I see this person. We should disconnect the passion lines is what we ought to do. That would fix her as pretty good. Let me see what she does. I'll watch her faker way through like I'm going to do for the next 170, soup days here. 170, two days. Oh my god. This is like a death sentence. He's going to get off and we're the ones that are getting punished. I don't think I like that. That's America for you. I said, then the hockey to do you into the game myself. Yes, sir, you bet. Uh, how could they lose? How could they lose? It was easy. It's called no defense. You can do brains, but I was sitting actually pretty close to the brakes. Were you really? And he was right next to another person. Bernie Cossar, Andy Von Lendel with a bad team. If you say no, you're pretty much health like kind of cheesy, dumbass, we're going to say. Yeah. I'll be very happy. Yeah. You're ready to catch for the ball. Too many. Well, he went through a side set. I guess you're happy a lot, but it was embarrassing when he turned right. He turned right to Hizenga, who at least whether you like him or not is a man with a few bucks in the owns of the teams and everything. And Bernie turns right to Hizenga and says, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, I'm so, and Wayne turned red as a beat. It was beautiful. And he's so big he'd have on these light and speak as otherwise he'd definitely be the top. OK, hit it right there. Potted up, judge is sitting there with his finger up his nose. He's picking a winner. Oh, no, he's reading the racing for. Oh, and I don't don't analyze it. Get this guy off his goosebag on stage. Judges play on for us. What is it? The judge is the checking out case law. He's got a couple of bones. He's got a lot of money. And one there. And it was our own rule. And a problem. They're letting up for long. They're letting up for long. The holding, 1349, give the fast-to-best position. 1350, gives the ruling. Yeah. In. Oh, and I don't know. No, do this. What is the OJ Simpson trial error? CNN is putting a slide up on this thing. Oh, no. Oh, no. But that's not it. And they're going to commercial break. OK, kill it. So he must be going to analyze this thing now for a couple of minutes. Because you know that when they go to commercial break, it's like in a football game. When they take an official timeout, it's a TV timeout. So even in this trial, not to say that the media is orchestrating this at all, of course. But when they come back from the commercial, they give him the signal. They flash into little red light goes on in the courtroom like during the hockey game. And as soon as the light goes off, he says, well, I've decided that the take a good dump and I'll come back. Here's South Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. So how do you like it so far, huh? They're going to let him watch the Super Bowl this weekend. And of course, you notice how the sports people have made the OJ thing into a sports story. So I wouldn't be at all surprised that they sneak a few things in here. And then they'll bring back the OJ commercial. And run it to the airport. Right. Yeah. I don't think that'll end when run that. I believe it. I want to say about this about the 7th of the Korean, and all of the people who want to be on the end down here for the dolphins. Yeah. I have one thing to say. Yeah. First thing go on the 5 yard line with 6 minutes left to go. Cowboys down by 10. Yeah. And that's going to win. There's no way San Francisco to check. But with the official stand in 5 feet in front of him, they don't do the fly. Because he's the on the. Hey, no penalty. Cowboys lose. They got to pass. The Cowboys got to the rest. Cut the crap. Hey. All right. They got to the rest. Okay. I got to put in here. They just tore him apart like like a monster walk. They were on Troy, Eggman like stick on Wayne man. Like stick on the brain stem. I'm going to the brain stem dusting too when you think about it. You know? Yeah. It's covered with all that blow out. We know it's middle of lunch hour. Listen, I got to put the wish going out. Yeah. My dad's listening. And he turns 51 years old today. 51 almost is old a far design. Happy birthday. I hope your prostate's okay. I would put the Tico and if you could play the the bridge tender or or or parliament lights because he loads it through favorite cards. Parliament light. Oh, that's the convenience store. Yeah. I think George. No, that's on CD. Oh, see. Okay. We all get that because the bridge tender is worn out. He needs a long rest. He's got him. He's got him for Seema Realpen. He's listening all day. Oh, and the Godfather series is the best movie that remains. Absolutely. We have our loyal fans of you and them. You're a man of retace. Take care. Have a great one. You too. Happy birthday, Tico. I'm a little bit of a good one. I'm going to go in here and get it. See, I'm a little. I'm kind of likely in back because we're going to be a very interesting thing. We're going to finesse our way through this. And of course our programming department is staying out of this, which is probably just as well. Let's see, this 645. Because, you know, ordinarily we'd say, well, you know, the people who want to watch and listen, etc., they're going to be gone. Well, we can't accept that because if we accept that, we're going to be out of business for six months. Now, the people listen to the coast and how about, oh, five, they be gone. Okay. Because they're all on the O.J. That is far as work in certain, we can like mix and match, we can like, you know, throw a couple of bits in there, let the judge take a little bit of dump every once in a while, and it'll fit in perfect. And I bet you this will fit in perfect, too, between now when he comes back and says, keep his ass away from the jury. Language tape, number six. The convenience store. Follow along and repeat. Convenience store, manager. Hello, may I be too happy and go for leave? Repeat. Oh, may I be too happy and go for leave? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store, manager. You want a Parliament light? Repeat. You want a Parliament light? Customer. Yes. I would like a pack of Parliament lights. Convenience store, manager. Er, these are Parliament lights. Repeat. These are Parliament lights. At least what? Parliament? Customer. No. Neither one of those is the Parliament light. Great. No, if it is not. No, it's not that one. You want to Parliament light? Yes. I want the Parliament lights, please. Is it the Parliament light? No, the Parliament light. Did you? No, no, no. No, no, no, no. Can't you see? Just put it right in the mirror. No, no, no, no. The over there, the dirty magazine. But, hey, you see. Listen, laundry hand. It's the Parliament light. Turn this tape over for language tape, number seven. Ordering Chinese food over the phone. Okay, so the judge has just made a ruling. You said, I don't know. 1229 at WIOD. 610, WIOD. Listen, laundry. And you'll get an attitude too. So, Judge Edo has just ruled that O.J. Do not going to be addressed to jury. He has denied permission. But he will allow him to show his knees. And his scars on his knees. And his old football injuries. It's said everyone's so on. And sign autographs for everybody. So, he cannot address the jury, but it can show him his knees. And maybe like a few other good parts. Okay, here's the Jensen Beach, hello. Hey, Neo. Yes. A O.J. Shibu and those knee pads to something. I wouldn't be surprised what he yanks up his trousers. He's wearing them. Yeah, listen. What I'm thinking of letting my autograph is Jocstra, too. That'd be nice. I just want to talk to you about these green lines. I'm a pair in Martin County. Yeah. We can't even get the station at night. Really? It doesn't even remotely come in at night. Well, that's right. You can't get I O.D. The station she's on in Orlando. You most definitely cannot get a night. And of course, Tampa forget it. So what is that all about? I had heard her in Orlando a while back. But I, you know, I O.D. about right at the end of the field show almost, you know, Well, let's rundown. Yeah. It changes every month as it gets later in the summer. It's later on, you know. That he needs more 800 lines. For Orlando in Tampa and Aaron. Oh, I see. He's the star now. He hasn't. She hasn't won. Great. She hasn't had one anything. And she's the superstar now. Everything is catered to this bid. I mean, they're her. The whole phone set up. We've been here some of us for 100 years. And this broad comes in because she's got a great ass. And the pets, the PD on the ass if she can still find it. All of a sudden, she's got 85 personal phone lines now. I don't know how do you like that. I don't know. Not that I'd be grudge or anything. Oh, she gets a 20 share because it'll help the rest of us. But in the meantime, we'd like a couple of phone lines somewhere, you know. Yeah. Now that they took away our damn bell sound line. Really? Based it. But I was watching the game last night at Martin County. Yeah. I said four to three. I thought you was some kind of guru with something. Yeah. I said four three. And then all of a sudden Wayne said, oh, that's a score that Faggot predicted we better give up a couple of goals. Exactly. Right. Anyway. All right. Have a great day, Bally. See you. So what was the final verdict? I guess we didn't get a verdict from him or from OJ about the air. And show. We don't want to get into that again, do we? We do. We have an open line in day. It's 751 W.O.D. If you're worried that you're missing something right now. You may think it's really heavy duty. But it's not. It's not a good news. He said his news. He says here's some good news. So anyway. So his one of the 500 attorneys for OJ now, one of the brothers is up there and they're like presenting exhibits, art exhibits and football exhibits. Here's the NFL trophy. The most valuable player, throw no. Not that kind. But they got the exhibits. Now there are you about that. And about one in the PM, which is about a half hour from now. They're getting ready for opening statements. They're getting ready for the next. They're getting ready for the next. But the most important thing that you thought you were going to miss is the judge says OJ cannot address the jury. Cut the crap and stop for the grandstanding. But if you want to show them your knees and your scars and any other body parts that might be attractive or stimulating, no problem I'd like to look to is what he said. Because I'm a big fan. He said I'm a big fan and can I get your autograph, Mr. OJ. Please. Here's a lady in candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Isn't this a joke? It's a psychous. You know what you can say? Holy bull is right. Remember that? Yes, I do. Oh, God. Oh, it was only two days ago. I can remember that. It came so, oh, wonderful. I wish I was there. But anyway, no, I'm not into that. I'm into what? Holy bull? No, I mean, OJ. Yeah, you are coming. Come on. Come on. You're hanging on every description now. Me and you must admit, I'm spicing it up a lot better than they are on CNN. You know what? I have it on mute. Yeah. And listening to you. Same as I do. I got my TV on and I'm mute. I have a boy. Yeah. Okay, sweetheart. Take care. Okay. Bye. See you. See that's what everybody in Tom's going to do. They have it on mute. There we go. And listen to us. And listen to us. And of course, when Phil is on, it's really going to be good because Phil, they're not going to know whether it's the judge speaking or OJ or Steve Ornell or Margaret or Marsher Clark or Clark Kent or who to hello our lowest lane. 12 36, I'm sorry to do it again. So soon, but you got to solve backed up by screwing up the hour George. 12 36 W O J D. Then W I O D just like a thing for our puppy is an national death and that's everything. And the back of your refrigerator. We're getting bigger all the time. Oh my god. Let's wrap O J in a comfy chair and give him the gas somewhere. And cow out for an I A. Yes, let's do it today. Oh, a need of Brian's going to have the job of twisting the knobs that gives the two steps that show gas. Oh my god. He's a pain in my ass. I don't give a crap about the chase scene. Or the 20,000 special reports. The only thing I make to this is in is whether or not he soils his shorts. Oh, let's wrap O J in a comfy chair and give him the gas somewhere. And cow out for an I A. Let's do it today. So anyway, they're doing the thing with the exhibits and they get to the very first place. And they get to the very first one to show you how long this trial is going to take. And the first one is some video tapes they got and I have no idea what's on them. And they got one that they just handed to the prosecution this morning. This is of course the defense. And I think this one is called O J score is five against Notre Dame for USC. The only problem is in a course sheet or nothing about football. And the deal is it was only Davis who scored five touchdowns for no for USC against Notre Dame. Not O J. And now the judge says, well, don't you think we ought to watch at least the first five or ten minutes of this? Because he really put on some great moves and broke a couple of tackles. And she's standing there like, well, you know, how long are you going to drag this on, douchebag? Why don't you go back to Japan where you came from? And then she said something else about his ancestry and about his first wife. And how she was beaten and abused or what? Or was it his wife's first husband? That's what it was, right? Something about Gook. Here's a pepper pines on the purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing Neil? Great. Listen there. Funny story. I was in a local clothing chain. Yeah. I went there to get a suit. Yeah. You know, she always lasted the wrong time. Okay. Well, long story short. Yeah. I'm a little bigger on the top than the bottom. I always have to measure my pants. You're a little bigger on the top than on the bottom. Okay. In other words, the head on the top is bigger. So there's always taken in my pants at the bottom. Anyway, it's time to turn out to see a woman there who is doing the measurements. Everything. Really? Yeah. A woman is measuring your in the seam? Well, yeah. Well, and it's while she's doing it, she was sucking in here and there. Oh, my God. I'm sure it was all accidental. Yeah, right. But anyway. Right. What about a half an hour? It excited me a little bit. It's a cleaning bill now. Yeah. I think it's a little bit so anyway. A little bit right. A lot. She starts to talk about I'm wearing my, She's received a tell me I'm wearing my body to the right, which normally it falls to the left. You're wearing your body to the right? Yes. It is so hard. Yeah. So anyway, she proceeded to tell me about how the pants are made bigger on the left leg in the right because most men with their bodies are left. Well, a lot of crock that is. All right. They wear their body to the left. Most men. It falls to the left. Anyway, it's so big they have to make a bigger pant leg for it. I guess. Oh, give me a break. I don't know if it's a wild tail. I don't know what. That's true. It's true. Well, Taylor's measure you. They ask you if you're a left or right drape if they're a good Taylor. They don't ask me that. They say, where do you put that button mushroom? You've got to be kidding me. I left there a right drape. Now this college intended to make all of us feel inferior as what this is. Anyway, I want to congratulate you. So now let's Peter North was hanging south. Is that what you're saying? I'm a congratulant on your numbers yesterday. They were great. Especially your pant to 11, which I always switch to you from Howard. Right. Thank God. And what's like, you know, you're always complaining. You don't get paid enough. I think you need to mention to your superior's there that Howard, I mean, it's look how many people they have on the payroll for Howard in there. They have like five people to help them out whenever he runs out of the payroll. Well, I'd be doing a lot better with the amphitheater. George Soaddam, much that kind of drags me down a little bit. So, any about that, I call earlier about the about the event, why people are later in South Florida. Yeah. It's pretty obvious, it's the area we live in. My sister married into a human family and their late. To everything. Oh yeah. It's a human time, right? So, exactly. So that's why in South Florida, you have all these people arrived in place. Even the Jews do that, a human time. Have a great day, pal. Can I call somebody to do that? Sure. Jason, you're a W.D. Form, Cates, and Dush bag, and they descended a Canada. Okay. So, we're going to have a look at the C.A. Open line on the purple line at cellular one pound I.O.D. We're keeping a drift. CNN is in a commercial break right now. This is going to be heavy duty. I shouldn't get an X-Pate extra. We should both begin to pay the lot extra for as long as this trial goes on. Because Mark Ferman and the gloves, it indicates plural. Had no time. How do you like that? Mark Ferman, so testifying the chart is misleading. We're giving you stuff that we have on you. And they're giving you. There's a running spot. People object to that to the use of the floral. That never occurred. See pluralism is there in the murk having fun. Definitely, that at or worn. First worn, and the circumstances of the search. Yeah. All right. Development to the trial before the trial is fact that is a legal issue that the court rules upon. That is improper to raise. You know, putting statements on the learning trial. Or did you, or- I was- I was- I thought the court rules had Mark Ferman, because he mentioned the opening statement. Correct. People object on that basis as well. All right. What happened? They just cut out. They just died. Ha ha ha. Well, I think Ted Turner got pissed off because CNN cut away the commercial break. And he doesn't want AP radio or CBS radio to the network. Now, you're telling me that the young in the horny is on. That CBS is running so, but I have a feeling that when the opening arguments start to want to clock, what's going to happen in the neck? Are they going to splice them right off in the middle? That would be bad and painful. What's going to happen there? I can't be wasted my time with the young in the horny. Although now I can tape it again, I'll be out there in other feeding it. And this is very, very confusing. So for the eight people out there who don't have came a little at all, we're doing one heavy duty service. 1246 at WIOD. All right, 16. WIOD. Work ass the next one. 1250 at WIOD. Say that again. Here's Sharon Mahoney and Puerto Rico. Will I be damned? Hi, Neil. What's going on, Sharon? Oh, God. You wouldn't believe all the crazy things are going on. Yeah, like. Well, of now for something completely different. My brother and law is making his debut at the Metropolitan Opera. Well, isn't that great? Another poverty day. Yeah, his name is Barry Sordado. His name is why? Another mouthful. But I sort of thought that. But I sort of that. Or Barry Sordado. Yeah. It's your, you know, Tommy Lestor. Listen, what is this more gas than Xon? That was so, what's up, Sharon? Well, I have another child. Yeah. You know, on the mother's birthday, a baby making machine. By the way, she has 87 children since she left us about four or five years ago here at WIOD. You know how glad they are. I left before I started having them. And we have about 72 people who have replaced her in that office, by the way, they're about 85 90 people who have followed near footsteps. Well, when I called this morning, I called the newsroom and I was like, well, who is there that I know? It turned out no one's there that I still know. There's nobody here that I know currently either, by the way. Well, but you're lucky then. Yeah. It's just all a blur. I just come rushing in and rushing out. I have, I have some friends of mine that are big fans of you that see. Send me a tape when she called you. They live in the Bahamas. So I'll say, hi Stephanie, I know she's listening. In the Bahamas, is that man? Yeah. And that grade. So I have a house now. I'm not on the boat anymore. The boat got too small. I'll see you're not with Terry the pirate anymore. Oh, you're here. You're not the pirate. Oh, really? Yeah, it's Miguel the pirate. Miguel the pirate. No, not Luis Miguel. Oh, what a shame. I would have been a good end. So anyway, because the Metropolitan Opera House February 7th was at a shameless plug. Yeah. I've never done it before. And what's his name? Luciano LaSorta. Hahaha. Is he wish? Okay. His name is Antonio Barrasorta. Barrasorta. Yes. But I thought you were going to find him. For your father. His name is Michael. Yeah. And he came out looking very Irish. Huh? And so I named him well. My daughter is Al-Rex. He's an opera singer. What is he? Some kind of a faggar something, sure? Whoa. I don't think so. I think he's like kind of he likes the ladies. Yeah. Which is, you know, he got one to dress up. Yeah. He wants to dress up like ladies. Well, he's actually going to be dressing up as a clown. Uh-huh. Well, he has to sit for me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Great. I know you got to go to the... I'm Archie Simon. We got the O.J. business going on here. Not that you're not important to us, but, you know, O.J. Yes. Well, he rolls around his ass. Fight on. Okay. Sure. Take care of yourself. Bye. Nice hearing you. Bye-bye. But once he started singing, then I couldn't handle it. Okay. We have an open line in dates. 7.5. One purple line. Well, we got not too many open lines. People are hanging on here just so they can hear it on the damn phone. Oh, here's the defense tape. Now, what is this? This is O.J. Climb in the stairs. What is that? It's a defense tape of somebody going, oh, that's the crime scene. Yeah. And here's the bugger. They're showing off the box, the investigation. They're trying to show you how the box is filling coffee on one of the corpses and whipping over the body. So what's wrong with that? It's a lot of stuff. What's their dead. It's not where there's no sense. There's no feeling. Although that caffeine mud is set in and started decomposition a little bit too soon. It's filled coffee on one of the butt. What do you expect from the LAPD? A little bit like your good job? I think if they came close, I think, you know, that's good enough. Are you, if you've got the audio off for something, why? They're watching the video. This is not an audio presentation, Mr. Everton. I thought maybe they would make sound effects for something. Well, wait a minute. That's a judge. Man, he had the three Wendy's double cheese for lunch and he is really regretting it now. You know, that's how he's like squeeze his teaks or squeeze together real tight on it. See, that's bad when you're caught in fact when I... What? What are you looking at? What are you getting excited about? I was coughing. Oh, I'll turn that down to him. When I was, when I left WNWS and they tried to sue to keep me from going over to INZ and I was in Limbo for about two or three months. This is a years ago. And then we had to go to court and of course my good friend Judge Rifkin, formerly Sheryl's husband. Oh, the judge. The judge. He's a good friend of mine. He's a hundred eighty years old. But anyway, he was the judge and we came my turn to testify on this thing. I get up there and of course, you know, you're sitting there for a long time in court. And all of a sudden, I had a pee. I mean, real, real, real bad. How I got through that thing on the witness stand. All the while I'm sitting there. And well, did your contract say this and did Don Corley on say that? Did Dave Wright or I ever steal a freight train at INZ? And man, when I got through with that testimony, I flew out of that courtroom down the hall. And of course, in these courthouses trying to fight a turlet man is unbelievable. Oh, well, that's on the third floor. Take the elevator to the one that's stuck over here. And go on the stairs and go and tip the judge 85 bucks. He might give you a secret pass. He did the judges turlet. It was brutal. So, judge He though has got some bad guys. And they're watching the video tape of the crime scene. Trying to prove how the prosecution watched it all up. And the LA cops are incompetent. We don't need to trial or prove that to us. We already know that. Just bring out the men and the brothers. They'll tell you. Oh, that. Oh, and now speak of that. You know, this on the Susan Smith thing where they're going with that. She was molested. She was when she was 17 years old. That's the new deal. What a concept. She was molested. See, I want to say something that may be very revolutionary to you. Okay. But the fact that somebody was molested a year ago or six months ago don't kind of excuse in my mind the fact that she had enough common sense and enough wits about her to go and fall in love and get married and hop in a sack a whole bunch of times and make a couple of babies and raise them until they were old enough to drown. And then take them out in the car and drown them. Okay. She was molested. She's almost understood. Like my mother says, she feels sorry for the poor little thing. Here's the tamarack. Hello. Not going to understand it because I feel sorry for my poor little thing. Hello, tamarack, gone. Somebody's on there. Somebody's tying up one of our lines. I think they're gone. Open line at Broward 524Wild. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. How's it going? Great. You're sure you're getting around, man. Yeah, it was the present. What the game we're coming to peaches? No, the game. Yeah. It was depressing. I mean, you know, we didn't expect to beat Pittsburgh in the first place but that as long as you got a two-wheel lead twice in the game. It looks like the business is playing on conscious. Why not just go ahead and win the band? Well, I don't. Yeah, so did I. But then once it got to be four four, I'm thinking, oh boy, this is going to be bad. Yeah. It's going to be a blood. Well, I think the reason why nobody showed up is because I think they were giving away free heat tickets. Yeah. That would keep me away. Yeah, exactly. Got a car for you. Okay. Great. I flush some. Oh. Oh. Okay. This Greg, man. He has created quite a cult following. And hopefully, the encircle living, keeping the hell away from us. We're going to open line on the blue line and Broward, one on the green passion line and on the purple line. Now the purple line should definitely be on there. Say you're the one. They don't want to get on the phone because they can't hear it as well over the phone as they can. I'm right now. Marcia Clark is saying something here. Like, he'll defense how to try their case. The people are asking this court only to make sure that the jury is not misled. So that they get the truth. They're hearing the only. So that they understand what the evidence really is. Not spin and not just the action and not half truth. Or they can take an action on ten. They said of the judge. Talk about them. And the problem with the video such as this one. He said it's been on the screen. We have no way of knowing when it was not. And the inference that the defense seeks to draw from it may be completely false. And which case the jury begins the case with a total misconception about the conditions under which the evidence was collected. And that is a very damaging thing. And that's why the defense of course seeks to do it. I understand. Okay. But they're not the appropriate killer. The jury just. For you're like talk a little Jennifer there. I mean, what is it? All Jennifer said was. Spread them and say cheese. Yeah. Got my attention. Yeah, but it did. So anyway, was Marsha just saying now? How did that? That is again, totally missed out. I got a maybe else going on here. She brought. Well, now what's. Okay. See. They're dropping new weapons in homestead. And this guy's worrying about that. When we got to guide the emoji, we're not going to get a shot of the game. So that's a really good thing. For a sense, the middle of June. That's six, this is seven and a half months. We're going for this trial. And you're worried about the fact that there haven't like a nuclear spill a through my lile under something like that. I still haven't recovered from Jennifer testing or Tees out on me. Spread them and say cheese. Rimes with Tees. So anyway, that the center one total is 100,783. Got another week to go to go hop into peaches and get your best of stuff. Later than we deserve job, this man worked his brains out on the center one project. He's a hell of a guy. He can occasionally be a real pain in the ass because he's a perfectionist. He don't understand he's working with WOD, where imperfections are middle name. But anyway, thanks Tom. Thanks to National Telecommunications who donated that toll free in line. They like us. 1-800-610-6285 order a bunch of stuff. And you're lucky. W-A-Y-E-E-S-U-C-S. You've talked at Entertainment Radio 610. W-I-O-D presents a Neal Roger show to talk with Neil. Call 751-W-I-O-D in-D. 524-W-I-O-D in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free. 1-800-944-W-I-O-D. And so you know, one customer's call, Pound-I-O-D has no charge. Now, the Neal Roger show, a news-talking Entertainment Radio, 610-W-I-O-D. It's the water to two hours. It's more than this, though. It's more than a few breaky fever too. This is LA-M-E. If I gotta hear the stupid little song, I'm gonna die, but it's all next to me. I'm in the way. This is like a shell growing up. This song is so big one. Time's short. It's catchy. It's gotta be making money. But it's for a crisp and a mead. And I wonder if I hear it every day. It rest in my whole life. When I stop you, day in droves that song, I'm dangerous and close to a radio speaker. But I turn off quick when it's cold. All I wanna do is trash this song. I got feeling, I'm not the only one. What I wanna do is load my gun. Give me that CD. I'll put some hold on. It's load on the new. It's over done. It gives me a headache. And I'm not the only one. All I wanna do is I stay tuned. It wind is song, It's on with this stereo right out of my gun. And if my home is wanted, My hearing, I'm gonna kick me with your heart. Sparrow them and say cheese. 107 and W.O.D. In case you think you're missing anything real exciting. If you're in your car, if you're in your office, if you can't get near a TV, if you're getting all bent out of shape, because you're part of the 99 and 910 to 100%. That our absolutely obsessed with the least the opening statements and opening up the whole can of worms and then getting in there with your fork and knife and eating them. They're not doing nothing. They're like arguing now. They're debating heavily back and forth and up and down. And in and out, what can be said and what can't be said and the opening arguments? Instead of just starting out and saying what the opening or why do you can't say this, you can't talk about Mark Furman. You can't talk about that. And then Johnny Cochran got so exasperated, he blurted out, okay if there's anybody. We got the evidence on our side. If there's anybody in his courtroom believes that the juice done it raise your hand right now, and O.J.'s hand popper up in the air. And all the five attorneys gave him a dirty look at O.J. say, Oh, man. Well, he slipped. Let's go to Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes? Yes, sir. It's the rosers. See, how are you? When is this? Zeroardo. When is Tadam this? When is Tadam this? Come on out, you're out. How's your out or doing? Everything okay? Who's your out or doing? I can hear you, everyone in the car, from free up faster. You're what? Zeroardo's got me a pasta. Free up pasta, what is that? The pasta. And then the rest of the, I'm, makes a little homemade pasta. I have a new pasta that I want you to try to more row and I want to send it over. Really healthy. What is it? It's an annual OT with only a base for the side. And outside is fresh tomato, basically just a little garlic. It's fantastic. Joe Pesci is inside. Is it? Joe Pesci made it. I'll be damned. Is it? I said I hope he was careful. I'm going to send it over tomorrow. Now where is this place? This place is on 4147133. The premium pasta he's been here before. Oh, I'm a premium pasta. You're probably a delivery. They brought us all at seafood that time that I don't eat seafood. And that's because whoever got us in touch with it, who was that? They got us in touch with them and screwed us all up. Yes, you don't need fresh seafood. Huh? You don't need seafood. No, I'm not a seafood man. I'm telling you, it's, you know, I see it. I eat it. First of all, make a message. There you go. Sounds magnificent. So the omit is a tomorrow for lunch more time. Tomorrow for lunch will be beautiful. Let by 1130. 1130 of pt. Like, another last time. I'm not going to let them bridge. Stop me. Beautiful. All right. Well, hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, listen to how do you picture right in the front of the restaurant. You have to come see us. Probably chasing everybody out. Hey? When they see that, they probably all run out. Yeah, we got, we got to write in in the front of the restaurant. Beautiful. I'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow. Ciao, ciao, we're even there. And ciao. Okay, we have an open line in date, 751 and one on a green line. There ain't nothing going on. If you've got this geek on CNN who's sitting in there like filling in the gap. Now they're going to a commercial break. Does that tell you how bad it is? They're going to a commercial break. I'll be starting. I don't want to fill the get-up tip. But I have a feeling that the opening arguments could be like right about 205. Are you positive? Here's a lady in South Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Pretty good. But you know the hornies on today too. I know. Isn't that amazing? And I haven't been sitting my tape at night because I'm assuming it was going to be preempted this week. Am I missing anything good? No, I know. It's the old hag and the meat and the meat crowd is in there again today. No, it's the old hag and the mouth of Victor and nothing good. Nothing good. Thank God. Nothing good. I guess I knew it was a day week regardless. Hey, I went to the hot game last night. It was my first one. Yeah. It was exciting. You got to say that. It was very into it. But you know what we're talking about? The blockbuster, Disney and Flint on everything. Do you notice on the scoreboard when they want you to clap your hands? Yeah. Mickey Mouse hands? Oh, that's right. Mickey Mouse hands. And the pity day the size. Yeah. Right. Oh, wait. Making sure. They're talking. Oh, wait. I'm a knick and shearing around. Well, I can flip it real quick here. Wait a second. Oh, boy. Looking pretty good today, guys. Both of them. Right? Yeah. Got that hair straight in the neck. It's nice. She ran her fingers through it and the hair too. If they want to go out, they're going to go out and to hell with that mat and who's going to murder him. So you want my prediction? I'll let you a prediction. That he's going to fight out about the rape and it's going to be a match going to get murdered. And it's going to turn out they think it's him and then they'll think it's who else could it be? But it's going to turn out to be her mother, the old lady. And the wheelchair. Right. She's going to roll over in the wheelchair. She's going to roll over in a grave and she's going to kill Matt San. So I'm telling you right now. So he's going to shoot him. And first it'll be nick day suspect and they'll suspect Victor and also suspect everybody in her brother-in-law. And of course, they'll suspect Sharon. But it comes to find out in the end. I believe it's going to be the old bag who's getting younger by the minute. You notice. Yeah, have a minute. Oh, I wish we could get whatever pill she took. They got her her hair went from graded dark black. And she go like lost. He lost 20 years, but she gained 50 pounds. So it's kind of a trade off. All right. You can't have everything. Oh, she's going into closet and there's the, oh, no, I already saw this one. This is the one where he makes her put the coat on. This is the one that I take last Thursday. So they are behind. See? Because this is already Tuesday. I already saw this. And she puts the coat on that he bought her. And she says, well, button it up and I want to see how it looks. And there you go. So I already saw it. Uh, nothing. Nothing to excited. Nothing to excited. But they're going to go out to some restaurant and then, looking and Victor, get all upset and Victor's going to go out there. Because he's finds out where they're going. And probably this is when Matt's going to get, uh, he's going to get off to. Cool. Yeah. I'm not in that. I'm not in that guy. Huh? I'm not in to Matt. No, not at all. Too much makeup. Too much heavy pancake makeup. Bad attitude. Good luck, Zach. Right. Yeah. They finally got Nick's lipstick straightened out. Yeah. I noticed that today he looks normal. Right. Fine. Fine. The primer was too pink. I did it. You know, yeah. That wedding's been never happened in the hospital. Yeah. You know, Ryan lipstick was way too pink. Yeah. Not going to be just that. Yeah. Ryan finally shaved off that smoothest though. He's at least moving in the right direction. If he just dumps that knee and now he'll be all right. I just didn't have a great day. Thanks for learning us. All right. See ya. Bye bye. We have an open line at Broward 524 and one of those passion lines is open now. If you'd like to comment on the air and summer show from Orlando or Tampa, we'd sure like to have your comment. Not at 1-800-944-9463. How did she do in the book by O she wasn't here? Well, how come she's got 72 phone lines now? She wasn't even here. She's got 28 Orlando lines. 63 Tampa lines, 175 local lines. All on it. Now, let me ask you a stupid question. Do you remember back before when we first got the coerced into going on. Yes, you went in Tampa, George. And we had an 800 line or a couple of eight in the lines that flipped over and it could also be date or Broward lines, whatever that was. We had 1-800 line, but they made the concession because we complained about letting the 800 line roll over into the date and or Broward lines. Well, why can't we do that with this line 7? That was a temporary measure until they could put in more 800 lines, which they did. And that's why we have all these lines now, so when Aaron showed up. No, just a bit. Just a bit. 9-7 used to be the Bellsoth mobility line before those douchebags took out our line because they like censorship. But why is it that since that used to be a line that we can use, meaning we all of us, it is that rolls over from our regular 800 line. It goes from 8-7. I understand that. You're not leastening, man. What I'm saying is why can't that be both like the other lines were or why can't line 8 be that? And 800 number that also rolls over when it's not being dialed 800 to a deadline or Broward line. Oh, what a concept. Huh? There we go. Start now. Trouble again. Okay, wait a minute. Put it up the second because there's a night. I'll put it up. They just showed the wall in there. The judge just ordered out for more cheeseburgers. All you ordered out this time from Jacket to buy. Okay, that should be good. 115 at WIOD. Hi, this is Phil Henry and while we're all getting set for Super Bowl 29 featuring our own Miami dolphins in the same Fritzisco 49ers. I hope you remember listening to the Phil Henry show Monday through Friday 2 to 6. Remember, go dolphins against the 49ers in Super Bowl 29. I'm looking forward to it. 16 WIOD. We're dry sexual. We'll try anything. Hey, I don't put the panthers already. When the hell those are base spouses are beginning anyway. I'm with comedian, Ken Savara. Ken, thank you last time you were on Harry Carey with stolen. Oh wait a second. He is still alive. If you could have fooled me man, I'm doing Harry Carey Oki in my act now. Harry Carey Oki. Yeah, well you have to assume that at some point Harry's going to get sick of singing take me out to the ball game. So he'll probably bust into something by Zeppelin. Hi, I'm almost all the way home. I'm going to make you flat. I'm going to make you grow. I'm right about it. People are regularly are just starting. If you want my body, and you'll play gun sexy. Everybody wants a dinosaur. Boom, boom, I can like a bone. My name is Luca. Harry Snappin. He's snapping. Well they have baseball of Florida, no, which I think. Yeah. Let's be fun. Watch in 90 year old people doing the wave. In the event of a rally oxygen master. I'm being from the upper die. Opening day somebody throws out the first hip. Lines to the restrooms would be real short. Those thanks to the pens. It would be like the only state human country where the lights are connected to the claper. So the hits are on the look like disco night at a strier convention. Okay, 120 to Wild. This thing and people magazine. Thank God that Victor didn't bring these in. Thank goodness. Brad Pitt the sexiest man alive. They do this. At least they picked a guy that if they would clean him up and give me her cut. He used to look pretty good. Back when I discovered him before they made him ugly. He was the same with Johnny Depp. But if he's the sexiest man alive, then I think everybody's given it up for a forum. Sexiest man alive, my ass. Isn't that ridiculous? Sexiest man alive Brad Pitt. And just at the time when they made him really grow test. And he's in all those stupid movies with Tom Cruise. What are they doing it? So anyway, we got to some naked bitch on here. He's getting their body wrapped up on CNN. Real tight and plastic, which is kind of interesting. At the same time, you notice they're doing like a long, long, long commercial break in anticipation what we better do in here too. Then we just do one. Oh, we better do another one. I'm done. How long do you think those opening arguments are going to go on, Mr. Forever. Hours. In fact, I would assume that the, now who starts the prosecution starts? So there's a last, let's see, it's 10, 20, and more until like lunchtime. We'll probably have to take a late lunch and it's just going to last all day. Uh-oh. Here's another promo. We never get back with it. Stop with it. Stop with it. Stop with it. Stop with it. Stop with it. Stop with it. So I can coordinate my thing here. So we don't have to get our news departments psychotic. We want to be first. We want to be right on top of it. And we want you to know that we had some crap. I'll see. And it wasn't commercial. Not this break, but the previous one. We had Marsha saying a few things like that. Which they did not have. So how to lose you for us. The defense request. Got it. Sounds like they got his things in a vice. Don't it? Man. Drive him in nuts. During Johnny Conference opening statement, we heard OJ Simpson's defense attorney Gerald Yulman make the argument to the judge. Now wait, and I'll see. This is okay. We'll do our break because there we have him. We can happen right now. And I'm telling you, the order, the reading, those E.C. Coli burgers from Jack and a box. 122 at W.I.O.D. Yeah, N.W.I.O.D. Finally. An A.M. station that doesn't suck. Sometimes I feel myself. Oh, Jim. Come in, Andrew. It's the G.O.B. What males? The majority. The talking's over. Just like our suits. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. We're not going to be the same. Hi, is this from your message? Uh, I'm still feeling proud. Sit down and unpack your rigture. Okay. You've got to be a good man and you didn't have to sit down. You have enough space to walk down on you. I am on sleep and I have gotten serious too. Tell me the truth. How does Зд来学生? Yes. We just say no, good ball well fair, don't try to fight, but we'll make what caller, or be a smash. We're riding her, the most that is cold, with just her hands and also signing for her. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're going to be the most cold man we've been doing since the time it's over. We're taking four years from all the world, we're going to have a time when we're having a moment. Let's move on to home. On 27 in WID, speaking of Brad Pitt, the sexiest man alive, according to the people at People Magazine, of course Ray Charles Zedder, that publication. Aaron Summers tonight, that's going to be the poll question, P.O.L.E on the passion of bombs. And the question is going to be, now we have to clean it up on a show. How does she use that language that we can't use during the daytime? What? Because she's got a great ass. Now the question is going to be for all the ladies in the audience, would you bear your hooter for Brad Pitt? Well, she's not going to say hooter, it rhymes with Pitt. Here's a lady in Boko, hello. Hello? Yes, ma'am. Neil? Yeah. I was also at the game last night. All right. And I don't know if everybody's watching the same game I was, but I hear everybody the whole entire time and on your show this morning, everybody making fun of intern and Joe's to real out there. That's right, does he ever be so he sucks? Not as bad as Keith Brown said. Well, you're right, he was pathetic too, but I see Joe as a player. He's a lot of people touch the box when he's out on the night. No, he's not. It's in his contract. He's not supposed to touch that. He must be what it is. And Seryl was an out there for two of those goals. Yeah. But Keith Brown was out there all the time. So Rela's stuck to join out. He was terrible. He'd let in both goals on a islander game on Saturday was out there. And yesterday, he couldn't be too close to the goal because he kept falling down every time he was on the ice. Every time somebody, every time, um, Yarmor Yager went flying past to me just took a belly flop and was down there on his bed. Yeah, that's, yeah. I think personally, I think maybe we could possibly one that game. Yeah. And if we didn't have Bob Cadowski, Keith Brown and Vampies Brooking Gole. Van Beesbrook, the man, but they would score 10 goals in the first two periods. He was unconscious. He made 8 million great saves. But he's, uh, because he's flaps his fadios on the ground. If he's every time he stands up to stop the ball. The Bees are has a fat ass. This is a large person. He's not. Have you ever seen him without all that crap on? Yes, I have. I've always seen him like an expert. You have naughty. He's not a large person. He's just getting his real soul of eye. And he is, if he stands, is when the puck goes in the other hand. She's been busy Brook is a midget. Yeah, he's short, but he's still got a lot of way behind them. He's got a tiny ass. Oh, right. Well, I personally wasn't working out of you. Well, I wasn't even. I was not checking out his ass. They don't have nobody on that team. Well, I mean, we can stop a puck. How about Jody Hall now? How come Jody's got all that facial here? He's got here on his post this year. Yeah, I know. I have no idea. The Brad Pitt look for good ditch to hear a Jody forget it. He's going for that man looking to sexiest man. Yeah. And he wants to have the great ass right or just get some. All right. Well, the rumor going around in our section last night was a done shoe. It was coaching him. Well, that's, you know, it's interesting. It's funny. The only one had picked up on it. A brain stem was there. And of course, a brain stem. They thought he was the lucky charm because Wayne brought him in two games last year. And we kicked ass in both games in one. So I was thinking the same thing would happen last last night too. He got to the third period. And the brain stem says to Wayne, he says, well, you know, I'm such a good luck Charm. Why don't you let me do the coaching here in the third period. I'll send all the information over there to Roger. I'll decide who's going to be on a power play. Who's going to be in again? And that's what was going on there last night. Exactly. Tony had the headset on and Bernie was like whispering street to a sweet Nothings in the Wilson's ear. Exactly. And that's where we lost the goddamn game. You're right. Yep. That's exactly right. The only person that crowd perspication set up to pick up on that. Of course. Where the real fan. And if you could heard in the locker room after the game when Roger Nielsen said, I'm sure. I'm sure. Oh. Which is quite a bit of frustration coming from a star post like him. Exactly. You bet. Um, what is to deal with everybody leaving early? I did. You left early. Which I never do but when I got to be six four, I just, I threw it. Yeah, but there was plenty of time left. I mean, I almost came back and tied it up. Almost only counts in horseshoe's honey. That's true. Right. Okay. Listen, have a great day. See you. Oh, you have one more thing to say. In closing. I have one more thing to say to somebody. Somebody out there stole my brother's jacket last night at the game. Bring it back. We're going to send OJ after you. Exactly. Okay. See you Thursday. Bye. So what's the deal now? Here's Judge Edo. He's right now. He's right now to Zorder for a, how often does this guy eat? Man, talk about fat. How could he say the bees are his fat? You ever seen John Van? Bees look. He's a little torpey guy. He's a little torpey guy. He's a little torpey guy. He's a little torpey guy. He's a little torpey guy. And a great gold tender. And we love you, Bees. You're way to care what they say. And don't forget, by the way, those hockey pads over Denise Potpand's Sports. Oh, and, you know, that bread, bread, bread, bread, pit. No, bread from the Denise Potpand's now comes by last night. It gives me a song in advance. They still have only 1200 bucks. This is the most important thing of all. Forget the OJ trial. They still have a $1,200 bit on those hockey pads that the Bees are wore last season. And then the All-Star game. And the autograph picture that goes with it from Denise Potpand that all of them and he goes to center one. And I says to bread, I says, I thought they were going to announce this and the PA here, which all the hockey fans are there. That would really goose it up a lot. All the people who are into collectibles and hockey stuff. Well, well, any him, that he ought. So once again, Dean Jordan and Wayne Hizinga and the gottsamish Baja over there because it's an IOD thing. No, we won't do that. They wheeled out that phony, silly, embarrassing radio that QAM piece of TURD for no reason they're the beginning of the game and had all those silly calls up there. All here they all stood up right now. The judge just just farted and they all stood up. They're airing it out. They're airing out their differences. Now what is this? Is the jury coming in? They're all standing. Yeah, they're waiting for the jury. Juries coming in? Shut up. What do they want? OJ is trying to take off. Shapiro is standing on his feet. You know what I'm saying? Which Shapiro is about three feet tall also. He looks like Beezer Jr with a bad hairdo. Boy, that Chuck Alphiari could share help Bobbi Shapiro. Good morning. Good morning. Judge, here we go. Have you got it on there? Hot that baby up. Humans made by the lawyers in the case. Thank God we took that way. Remind you from my instructions. Who are you? You're up to date. That's in your way. We made reviews by the attorneys during the course of their old days. All they will do are not evidence right now. They're not considered as much by you. These opening statements are normally given by the attorneys to sort of give you an overall view of the evidence that they intend to present. I've been able to give you a quick overview of my own. To have a value weight the evidence. This case, as you know, will be relatively long. And by necessity, some of this evidence will be presented to you out of chronological or logical order. So they'll need to explain to you the case that they intend to present. All right, both sides prepared to go forward. Yes. We are here. Yes. Yes. All right. We'll be wishing you an opening statement. Let's go. All right. You may proceed. Come on. We'll be one year old. Marsha Clark. Leading the prosecution. Let's get with a bitch. Get up out of the chair. We'll be with a storm. What do you want? Here she is. Look at that. She just off the. However, she hands off. She has to go. Let's go. We'll be with a couple of weeks. Let's go. We'll be with a couple of weeks. We'll be with a couple of weeks. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. And the Simpson family. And to you, ladies and gentlemen of the jury. Good morning. I think it's fair to say that I have the toughest job in town today. Except for the job that you have, your job may just be a little bit tougher for your job. And like my job. Both have essential focus. A single objective. And that objective is just as obviously. It's going to be a long trial. And I want you to know how much we appreciate. You're being on the panel. We appreciate the personal sacrifices you're making by being sequester. We understand that can be difficult. And I like to thank you in advance. For keeping the promises you made to us. When you were selected for the jury initially. You promised to be fair. And you promised to be open minded. And you promised to hear and see and carefully consider all the evidence in the case. And you promised to find this case. To come to a verdict in this case. Soly on the basis of the evidence. And the law. Given to you by Judge Edo. And you promised to do that. Based on the law. Based on the facts and the evidence. And nothing else. You promised us that you had no hidden agenda. That you only wanted to see justice done. And you promised us that you would do everything you could. I'm with a law. To see that justice was done. And so I thank you for that. And I thank you in advance for the verdict. You will at some point render in this case. And we're here today. Obviously to resolve an issue. The set of a question. A question that has been on the minds of people throughout the country these last seven months. It certainly has been on the mind of my people, left in Richmond, California. And friends in Fayetteville, Georgia and all across the country. And everybody wants to know and everybody I know. Often posed a question to me. Did O.J. Simpson really kill Nicole Brown. Yeah, Donald Goldman. We're finally ladies and gentlemen. I'm here in front of you this morning to answer that question. And we'll answer that question from the witness stand. And from the exhibits you'll see in this case. And from the evidence. And when you see the evidence. And when you hear the witnesses. And when you put it all together and consider the totality of circumstances in this case. The answer will be clear to you as well. The answer to the question is yes. The evidence will show that the answer to the question is yes. O.J. Simpson murdered Nicole Brown and Ronald Goldman. And I'm sure you'll be wondering why. That's a trial for seats on. And I'm sure you're wondering why right now. That's a judge instructed you already. Open statements are not evidence. Let me statement by lawyers and in an opening statement. We informed the jury of what we think the evidence will show in this case. But we believe the evidence will show. But real lawyers, we're not witnesses. We're not under oath. Nothing we say is evidence. The things we say to you today are not the things that you should carry into the jury room and into deliberations. The evidence in the case. The testimony from the witness stand. The exhibits admitted at trial. The instructions given to you by the court. And when you look at all of that. When you go back and reflect on the testimony in the exhibits. Everything you heard in this case. You'll know why. He killed Nicole Brown. And Ronald Goldman. And when I give you the answer. If I had to sit or stop considering you think why would he do it? Why would he do it? Not OJ Simpson. Not the OJ Simpson. We think we know. Not the OJ Simpson. We think over the years. But that raises another question. That question is. Do you know OJ Simpson? We see them play football for USC. We watch them press UCLA and play in the roles bow. We watch them win the highs in trophy. He may be the best running back in the history of the NFL. We watch them lead turn styles and chairs. And we see them play in the high school. We watch them lead turn styles and chairs. And run the airplanes. And the host commercials. We watch them with a 50 inch Afro and naked done 33 and a half. And we see them time and time again. And we came to think that we know them. What we've been seeing ladies and gentlemen is the public face, the public persona. The face of the athlete, the face of the actor. It is not the actor who is unswrialled here today, ladies and gentlemen. It is not that public face. It is his other face. Like many men in public. Like many public men. They have a public image. A public persona. A public side. A public life. And they also have a private side. A private face. And that is the face we will expose to you in this crown. The other side of O.J. Simpson. The side you've never met before. Who exposed in this crown and showed to you in this crown. That other face. The face he wore behind the locks and the gates and the walls that rocking him. That other face. The one in the cold brown encountered. I'm a must every day for adult life. The one she encountered. During the last moments of her adult life. The same face. Ronald Goldman. Encounter. During the last moments of his life. When we struck upon and looked behind that public face. The public face of the man who sits here in court today. You'll see a different face. And the other hand, the show. The face you'll see. And the man that you will see. To be the face of a batterer. A life beater. Are you in a beauty? They control them. You'll see the face of Ron. Ron's in the cold's murderer. To understand what happened at Bundy. We need to examine this defendance relationship with Nicole. Because when we do. We can discern from that. We can see a motive. We can see his motive. The killing is that's wife. And I submit to you ladies and gentlemen that as the trial for season. And as you hear the evidence in this case. That motive will become clear. To kill Nicole for a single reason. Not because he hated her. He didn't hate Nicole. He didn't kill her because he didn't love her anymore because in his mind. Good mind. He did. The children were reasoned all the girls as man hired as well. The children out of jealousy. Are you sure? He killed her because he couldn't have her. And if he couldn't have her, he didn't want anybody else. He killed her to control her. Control is a continuing thing. The central focus of their entire relationship. I kill Nicole just to fin down a soon total control over her. I kill her to commit the ultimate act of control. I kill in her no one else could have her. No one but him. And he killed Ron Goldman. And he killed Ron Goldman for another reason. He killed Ron Goldman because he got in the way. He killed Nicole because he had a problem with her. If men and women sometimes do have in relationship, they have a problem. And it's the fendance problem. The man in the court from. I think he stated his problem. Right around. He had a weight. He put over the body and weight. And he said then. And he said on other occasions. And I close. He said. I was standing over that cast. I was standing over the body. My problem. Was that I left him too much. But it wasn't really lovely ladies in gentlemen. And it's so be reflected in the evidence. And the evidence will establish this. That it wasn't really love. What just offended half. And Nicole Brown wasn't love. It was obsession. He became obsessed with her. And this obsession was so great. That he developed the need to control her. And his needs to control. And his feelings to the fashion with her great. That when he came to realize that he could not keep her. He killed her. Because the letter go would mean to lose control, whether to let her go with Ron Goldigan or someone else would mean to lose control. He couldn't have her. And neither could anyone else. Now the evidence in this case will establish that the man in the courtroom. There's defendant. There's an extremely controlling and possessive man. And as I said before, control and possessiveness. Was a single dominant theme throughout their relationship. And he controlled her in a variety of ways. You can control her financially. And the defendant and Nicole first met. She was barely 18 years old. He was almost 30. She shared an apartment. Beyond the man. She waited 10 years. She was not able to control her. She waited tables. At a restaurant. She was a millionaire. No one had ever heard of Nicole Brown. But he was one of the most recognized men in America. But after he met her, he slowly began to control her. She shared an apartment with a friend. He got her own apartment. He bought her things. He gave her things. At the time she was 19. She was driving a port. She got it for her. To begin to gain control over her. And throughout the year, throughout their relationship, he maintained that economic control over her. That financial control. The evidence was shown that Nicole never really held a job. She never really worked. She never really operated a business. She never had an income really over her own. Throughout her entire adult life, this man, befending in the court will kill the first train in her life. Whatever money she got, whatever material possession she got, she got from the defendant. People sometimes be bald. And young people sometimes can be easily misled. Nicole is a very young woman. If a woman at all, when she first met this defendant, the man seated in the court room. And as the years went on, and as they continued to date, and as he gained more and more control over her. The more control he gained, the more abusive he became. As you listen to the evidence, in this case, you're going to be hearing evidence regarding domestic abuse, domestic violence, talking intimidation, physical abuse, life beating. Public humiliation. As you listen to the trial and as you hear the evidence and see the evidence, please keep in mind. There's all of these different kinds of abuse. We're all different methods to control her. Let me proceed on. The evidence was showing his case that he abused her mentally. He stripped the ribocelph of steam. Just the defendant dictated the way Nicole was dressed. He dictated the way she would wear her hair. And when he didn't like her appearance, he would criticize her. He would humiliate her. And to the point that she would cry. If he didn't like her, she would go out and pause you. She would watch you live. Where's this? Looks like this. She was not a Barbie doll, ladies and gentlemen. The evidence was shown that he was so controlling that he attempted to defy and her identity. The attempted to defy who she was. When she was pregnant and put on weight. The evidence was shown that this defendant was so abusive that he called her name. He called her fat. Called her a pig. And he did this in the presence of her family. And in the presence of her friends. And he humiliated her. And that of the face would be a tent of the explosion of the truth. And the other side of the defendant, we're going to show you. And it's trial. And by doing these things and by hurling these insults, he stripped their of a self-esteem. And when you're controlling someone financially. And having those double-steens. And when you have no identity, you have them. You can control you. The evidence was shown that this defendant, this man in the courtroom, was a very controlling and possessive man. And that the dominant thing throughout their relationship. With his control. From the cold brown. But he did more. He did more than just demean her in the presence of others. He attempted to die, so later. Sometimes from some people. From certain man came around. He became jealous. And he became so jealous that he got to the point that she would not. A real walk to be around certain men. Before she was concerned, he might be jealous. He was a part of the district attorney, Christopher Darden, giving the opening statement for the prosecution. He's occasionally walking away from the podium. And as he became the courtroom. And that is why he sounds very far off microphone sometimes. He also, as you can hear, is often something the lectern for the witnesses. And ladies and gentlemen. When her friends came around, her girlfriends came around. And when he felt that she was spending too much time with those girlfriends. He talked to the girlfriend. He let him know. He didn't like him hanging around. He just waited a girl for him hanging around. He attempted to die, so later from other people. And when you die, so late, someone. And when you have economics and control over somebody. And when you strip someone of their self-esteem. And when you establish their identity. You have. The yards, you can control them. And the evidence was shown in this case that this man has an extremely possessive, controlling individual. And that he is an extremely assessive individual when he came to Nicole. And his obsession was manifested. Are the things he did towards controlling her? For a demeaning her. And controlling the purse. And isolating her and defining who she would see and who she wouldn't see. And who her friends would be and who they would not be. Wasn't all this defendant did to control this woman. There are more powerful forms of control. Okay. I met no one going to dump her for a second. One 53 Christopher Darden, who's the deputy district attorney, is doing the opening statement. Very poorly too I might add. It's extraordinarily weak. Anyway, well, come right back to it though because it's riveting. 153 at the do it, WOT. 155 at WOT. Now we'll be doing the regular news at two. Phil Henry is going to be here. And then of course at 205. That's going to be your problem. Mr. Figure out whose voice is really on the air. Okay. Because I think Steve Ornell may be doing the arrest of the opening argument. Quite frankly, probably one hell of a better job than this douchebag. Are you listening to this guy? Really all it is? He's stopping on it every now and I think he's like try to build up a little confidence. He's trying to wake up the jury as well. He's trying to... Okay, let's go back to the air, Mary. He headed off the ball to Chris. He's on the free spot of the fucking government. The 15. He fumbled it. And OG picked it off. I tossed it off of the judge. That's a difficult topic. It is. Of course, domestic violence is something that happens behind the gates in the walls. We're pounding, man. And it happens in the bedroom and inside the home and in places where the public can't see. The domestic violence is a private affair. Generally, while it's occurring. And so it makes it difficult for paying evidence to gain proof. The violence occurred. It makes it difficult to obtain evidence and gain proof that the relationship of the violent relationship. But we do have that proof. We do have proof. We do have evidence. You will hear testimony from witnesses in this case. And it was a gut to violent relationship. The violent marriage. This defendant had with Nicole Brown. In 1985, the police responded to the defendant's home on Rocky and him. It was a response to a call. And when they arrived, they were met by Nicole. She was a friend. She was a sad. Her face was puffy. The District Attorney Christopher Darden, beginning the prosecution opening statement. On this first day of opening statements and the OJ Simpson. I'm Mark Smith. You're listening to continuing coverage of the Simpson murder trial for vaping at work news. White, I was trying to leave when I tried to lead to the defendant grab the baseball bat. And he took that baseball bat. We're not getting to waste you from my car. This is my Sunday, Bob. Yes. And as they looked around, he's law enforcement officers. They looked to the right and they saw a white 450 SL Mercedes-Benz. And the windshield was smashed out. And just ended the defendant came out of the hall. And he offered an explanation. We're on the police didn't arrest him. They left Nicole's there. They left the defendant there. And that isn't an act of physical violence towards Nicole. Yes, sir. Or is it? Maybe it is. Or not. Nicole Brown. Preserve the witness to that. This violence on his vehicle. And if you marry to someone and you love someone, and you have a fight with them. And he take a baseball bat and he do something like that to one of your prize possessions. Could it be? Could it be that there's any of my men? Yes.