Hello everybody, I'm An Bishop from Channel 10I, Whitney's News. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. I'll talk at Entertainment Radio 610. WIOD presents the Neil Rogers Show. To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date. 524 WIOD in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free. 1-800-944-WIOD. And so, you know, one customer is called Pound IOD at No Charge. Now, the Neil Rogers Show, on News, talking Entertainment Radio 610, WIOD. Oh, Neil, my queen. God. Now, from the Channel 10I, Whitney's News, I guess at the Q&A, where's that going? What's he doing with that machine gun? Oh, my god. What's that? What's that? He was fed up with reading one story after another about drugs and violence. Now, she wants to write the rules and rewrite the news in and full, starring and Bishop. Don't you believe, please? I'll see you tonight at 5-610 11-10. God. And full. She took the news into her own hands. What are you guys going to do with me? When I get through with you, there won't be enough of you left to make a good two-pay for Don No. And, starring and Bishop, also starring Carl Weathers is to write Waterdale, and Don No, says Don No. There's a stationary front over the middle! And full. She's ready for the news. And full. Coming soon. Yeah, she'll be sorely missed, make no mistake about that. Now, unlike Ralph Redneck and some of the other great news casters in town, she never had her own editorial comment. But over the years, make no mistake in sure God in her lips. It's 10-07-Wild. Happy Monday, Tuiya, on what's going to be a turn out a very short week for us. How do you like that, George? We like it. Oh! I don't know if it's the same thing to me about that. And isn't it interesting that if I wouldn't have been listening this morning, see, I had the other TV disconnected, I'm getting ready to worship out to give away. And when you got that big XBR, I sure hope suds is in town, and listening right now, though I have my doubts. He probably were in sorry, son. But someplace exciting like that. That's right up his alley. When he finds out that I got that Sony XBR in two-sad light dishes, I don't think he'll be able to come back. So what about those hurricane games? Oh! I pick up my paper. This is another example. That nobody inside the building tells you anything. Mostly because there's never anybody in management here anyway. But so the thing about Friday there being a UN basketball game at noon with the pre game at 1150 or something like that, if anybody thinks I'm coming all the way down here to do an hour and a half on here, they're dreaming. Get to tape out now, Junior. And nobody tells me anything about that. There's no memo. There's no discussion. There's no nothing. Fine. I just won't be here. And the second part of the deal is Saturday morning, I opened up Miami, Harold, and here's a big thing. What's Sony's push on it? Here's Sony, her shin to paper. And the big thing says WINZ gets hurricane baseball. There go an audio spy by Hurricane baseball, basketball, basketball, and football. Which of course over the years, this has been one of the most stupid deals and I guess we can play Mike Disney for it. Because he's a far away and the president regime to want to take any credit for it. Although I think it may have been renewed. Huh? Maybe not. But hurricane basketball and baseball. And yes, I did use to do hurricane baseball and had a lot of fun doing it. But even back in those days, when he went to the College of World Series five years in a row, and there was no Marlins and no anything else. All those no Marlins now. But even in those days, the audience for U.M. baseball, you could put in a broom closet and have room for the mascot left over with. What's all this his name? Real quick. John something or other. But anyway, there was nobody listening then. And there's nobody listening now. U.M. basketball, where yes, they had a big crowd the other night to watch and lose to Connecticut. They had 11,000 people. 11,000 people. That's a month's worth for U.M. And now that they lost it on the game, it'll be done like 15 hundred next game. They get flies in there and you're in here for that. So if there's 1500, 200, 200, 300,000 people on the inside, how many people possibly could be listening on the outside? Hurricane sports, marginal at best. That's my opinion. I'm like Disney. Yeah, thanks a lot. That's a legacy left this station. So at night, instead of having like week nights interrupted with these marginal U.M. basketball broadcast that nobody is listening to. Now we got a chance to have a real number at night. Now if we just had a goddamn show. At the risk of offending people, I'm going to say something right now. Okay, and I hope Brandy doesn't take this personally. I'll assure you we're anyway. And I love Randy personally, but the thing with the mother and with Jim, it just was a real impediment to her success. But the bottom line is that since I've been in this market, which is one hell of a long time, this radio station has never had a show on after-radic-locquant night. That would be interesting enough provocative enough to cause you to turn it on. And I'm not just saying that out of my ass, as somebody who did nighttime's in his market for many, many, many years, and is delighted not to be doing it anymore, by the way. But I think I know a little bit about nighttime radio in this town. Night time is generally not the time that living and breathing people are listening to the radio unless they're in the car. So to get people to make a conscious, overt effort, depending on a radio, you're going to have something on it that's provocative, that's exciting, that's outrageous, that's crazy, that's something, anything. That's irreverent, we've never had it. We have never had it. Hank, I mean, that was just a professional ass-looking show. And if you were listening to Defoe, just now, filling in for Rick and Surtz, which I can understand, if you weren't listening, the big rumor in town is Hank, is on his way to WFA in New York, no more Hamma on QAM. How do you like that? That was, he's going to fill a big void mid days on the fans, so they say. And you watch Mark My Words in Days to Come, he'll start being more and more absent over there, and people start, hey, what happened to Hamma? He'll be gigantic in New York. He'll be, he'll fill both chairs in that, in that the office. You'll fill every seat they can get for him. So, that's going to make, for a big void over there, his show here at night was the biggest abortion I ever heard in spite of those butt-lickers who write crap into paper about how insightful and what a great show I was in the great interviewer. I see that he wanted to be the next Larry King, and I'll be God Dan, the son of the fat, the top of the Lord, is going to do it. You can just smell of coming. So, we've solved one problem, we got rid of that crap, and now buddy, but Jackson, who has to buy, this is what a great radio guy here is. He has to buy a second radio station in order to have his sports empire be heard in two counties. That's a radio genius. He's got one station, now the lightball that can't be heard in date County unless you're standing on your head at the overpass. And he's got the other station that I used to work at, which in Broward County tonight, you can see the towers you can't hear the goddamn radio station. That's a station. So, while you heat fans, hallelujah, all you hurricane sports fans, it'll be great man, you'll have your choice. And you can just set the button side by side, and as you drive, you're out there in your car, drive it along on 905 and the turnpiking, you're like kind of cross over that county line. You can just punch from one to the other as one signal fades out, and the other one starts drifting in. In, cramely, nice good, buddy, baby. Let's do a West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. Hey, where are you staying in Vegas this time? We're staying at the Imperial Palace and a few rooms at Caesars. Oh, the sports book is the IP is the best. Yeah. Yeah, um, yeah. And it's gonna be May 18, quote unquote. Well, it is not. No, it's not. It's gonna be June 15th. I don't know what planet you're on. Deal. You're living way in the past, pal. That day has been changed weeks ago now. June 15th. Thursday night, June 15th. I don't have any idea what you're talking about. Well, I'm gonna hit you every day. Hey, what do you go the way to Vegas to bet $10 on a hockey game? I was by you the last time you bet $10 on your starting this crap again that I don't bet on hockey games. This is the same guy that called this is your material. I don't bet on hockey games in addition to which how many hockey games are being played in June, which is when we're there last time. See, this is the same hole in your argument that you had the last time you called. There are no hockey games in June, sir. The horses, though. Do you ever get out of here? You jackass, you fool. You clown you idiot. I love these people. It call with like an agenda. This guy, he's gonna put me down because I only bet. First of all, I don't bet a lot of money. That's right. I don't pretend to be a big gambler. In my earlier, more foolish days, I used to plunge pretty damn good at the track. Don't do that anymore. It's too hard to make it when you got to pay for the rent on that milk and the dairy farm. How come you only bet $10 on a hockey game? Go back to loot. Go back to whatever hole you've crawled out of man. You are pathetic. You're what's wrong with a guy named Murlontay. Right now. And then we got that damn boring detective with a big ballspot back on today. We finally got Rosa Lopez shipped her ass out of the country. And what do we got today? We got that detective Lang. Tom Lang is back again. And we'll see if they painted his ballspot or not. We'll see if Ron Popeel took care of his business over the last week that he's been gone. He's been in hiatus. And we still are waiting for Keto and we're still waiting for Mark Furman and still waiting for the good stuff. And man, I don't know if the defense is going to be able to pay those $950 fines and quarry mines. Why don't know about that? Pretty heavy duty. Rosa with her great credibility so bad. And then of course on Friday since we were here last, not only the big news about their hurricanes, the panthers right in the wake of that great six to one lost in a jersey on Saturday with an offense that's invisible. We get Johan Garpentlaw from the San Jose Sharks Good Player by the way. Nice move, baby. Brian Murray is God with the speech defect. And we get a player and what did we do? We got to put him out there for about all of 30 seconds on Saturday's game. And of course as the rumor says, we have to wait until Roger teaches his assistant of clutching grab and play defense. So whatever you do, don't do any offense. And we had a good example of that. Stoobarrens comes back. We still get our ass whipped. So we have, are we getting the big sheet on that thing? Is that I want to give any misinformation on that? We're going to be giving away a pair of tickets for the big game. I mean it's one of those things. The schedule is bizarre. We only have one home game like in two weeks. Wednesday night against Ottawa, which by the way speaking of Wednesday night against Ottawa, where is those four tickets from our fronters? He ever going to show his push in this building again or what? We need those extra seats for Ottawa on the inside deal. But anyway, the 1800 club one of our sponsors is going to give away a dinner for two. At the 18 hour club, then you get on at the bus that they got that takes you right to the arena and a pair of tickets for the hockey game on Wednesday. And then this guy that just called this farmer over there in Palm Beach County, he could bet his $10 on the outcome of the game, which we will beat their ass. Make no mistake about that. A team that's only got seven points. The Ottawa Senators, which if he could play the mayor of the day, we'd be okay. Are you following this? So we'll give them away to somebody as the thing goes on. Because according to Sarah in promotions, this is a major gigantic humongous promotion and she wants to milk it for all she can get. 10 16 a W I O D. 16 W I O D. The only appliance you own that talks back. I like naked guy. Just lick them. 10 19 a W I O D. So anyway, Georgia's saying to me, once you put that on the air about that, we're giving away those two center ice seats. 14 rows up from the ice in the arena for the big game on Wednesday. The Panthers in Ottawa and dinner for two at the 1800 club and round trip transportation on that great double-decker bus. That's 125 dollar value, baby. He says, once you put that on the air, every line on the board's going to light up. I said, guess what, Georgia, if you would have been listing, which he wasn't, I just got through saying it and nobody's calling. Man, you're living in Lala land. You're in a goddamn dream world. This audience is a little bit too spoiled. They want more than that. They want at least a Sony XBR TV set to go along with it so they can watch and replay the game. Maybe you could throw in a back rub. Oh, and speaking of that, which you also were not listening before, because you get involved in these long conversations with I have no idea who they are on the phone. About the seats, call up Cheryl on the intercom and tell her I want those extra seats for the Ottawa game in our row. Would be nice because I have no idea if he's ever going to show his pussy near again Bob Green, hopefully not. But man, everything here is such a big damn project. Oh, there he goes again asking for more tickets for the name game. Yeah, it would be nice to have Orlando and little joy in that row. Sure beats out a lot of what we usually got in there. Right Woody. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. How old, Neil? Yes. You know, Neil, you're forgetting about how the real rating is filled with a nice, which he used to do. When you used to have, hello, Dr. Jim Belon. Yeah. That's right. We had gigantic numbers for that. And you know why? You know why? Because only old people all those to the radio at night. That's right. But here's the question now. What's going to happen? Everybody in the light bulb with buddy butt taxes? I have no idea. Are they going to broadcast sports at night? Well, let me say it again. I have no idea. You're asking me a whole bunch of how the hell would I know? Well, I'm just a, I can understand. I understand Mr. Ego is very upset by the way that I put it on the air because it was supposed to be a big secret that the station was sold in the audio audio. What? There are no secrets in this business. Doesn't he know that? Yeah. In addition to which he belly aching, he's got a piece of the action. He's got 12%. He's going to come out with a couple hundred grand out of the steel. What's he belly aching about? He's going to come out with a couple hundred grand out of the steel. What's he belly aching about? He's going to be mad at all this. Huh? There you go for another week. Right. He can go on the same bus with Hank. You know, W. I. M. Z. They're signal. It's like, you know, talking through Vaseline or something. It's directional. I'll night they have to protect some station for your where to hello somewhere up in the middle of the state. And they have to go like, they covered date County at night. Period. They have to go straight south at night. And are they going to screw sunny, too? Is that going to be the next thing? What do you mean by that? Is he going to give you a still the hurricane brought? He has the idea. I, I, I, I, I asked him that as soon as I came into building this morning. He says he is spoken to nobody. He knows nothing. I said we know that. Unbelievable. We know you know nothing, but I mean, I have no idea. See, you want me to give you a lot of, I would have already given the information out of if I had the answers. I have no answers yet. I don't know. You should be already chewing just on the thing that a fat hank, the hammer is going to New York to F.A.N. Well, I bet you. I bet you. I'm a saliva. Good time, Rippin. His ass. Shocking. Yeah. Have a great life. There's a guy that's worried about where the people at the light bulb are going. That's something we ought to be very concerned about. I'm going to be a good line in date, 751, one one and Broward, five, two, four W.I.D. On a very kind of late, this whole week, I feel is going to be this way. Today is bizarre. I'm coming to work and I thought, is this another one of these bizarre holidays that nobody is told me about? There was no traffic at all today. Anywhere. I take my little thing off the gratney there on 441. I go up to 103rd Street right in the corner where Blockbuster is, which is always a landmark that always means turn immediately away as fast as you can. And that's usually backed up there for like a block. There's nobody there at 9 o'clock sharp. There is nobody waiting online in any lane. And the left turn lane in the middle lane in lowest lane. There's nobody there. I come over here into this desperate part of town where usually you hold your thing in your hand just hoping you can steer your way through this. There's not nobody out there. And I come into the building here and, of course, by this time of already here, it's a very hard day. I'm here at D.F. saying that I'm getting vacation on Friday because of this UN Backsable game. And it feels like it definitely don't feel like Monday. I don't know what it is, but it's moving. That's all I can tell you. I have no idea what day this is, but it don't feel like Monday. Doesn't it feel like a holiday? And then I pull up to the park in spot and back and the spot next to that is also empty. There's like an empty park in spot at 915 in a goddamn morning, which never happens ever ever under penalty at death. So there must be some goddamn big holiday out there that we don't know about. What is it, non-are of the deraille? And I'm going to say another thing too. There's two groups of people who should be deported immediately. People who would go to see the so-called Major League Baseball games. And these are, these are even regular season. These are exhibitionist games with a bunch of fakers out there with a bunch of punks. Okay? Those people and there aren't that many of them, but those people should be deported immediately and secondly, anybody who would go to see a golf tournament. And there is, by the way, on a cable now, I'm your, if you get to DSS, there's the golf channel. To show you what a boring country this has become. There's a whole channel that has nothing but golf and stupid golf shows on air. How to do it, where to hit it, how to whack your balls, the straight, how to whack them sideways, and bat them around, et cetera. How OJ was doing it that night of the murders, the golf god damn channel. People let go to see golf, including our program director, by the way. If you ever wondered why he's like that, he's a golf nut. He plays it, he watches it, he dittles with it. He's a golf guy. There are no, and Raniri was a golf guy too. Does that explain to you why he's over there on waxy now? With Roger talking to himself. Raniri was a goddamn golf guy and a fishing guy and a booze guy. I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. Here's a lady in Carl Springs, hello. Morning, Neil. Good morning. Thank you, about the golf tournament. I got dragged to one one time, never mind. Oh, my God. You talk about boring in these about his or waspuring. He's pet head all right on it. When in the water, it is choking like a, well, what kind of crap is that? Give me a break. Well, I thought something might be happening because all the big names are there in there. We think, no, no, no way. That big names. That's the end of it for me. I learned my lesson. Uh-huh. Well, let's get this ending important like to young and restless. Yeah, I haven't seen it. Well, I want to know. I saw one or two times last week when I remember to tape it, but there's not an awful lot going on. And it's got bad hair again and stupid sideburns. And they still can't get his hair straightened out. And Sharon's in love with Nick now and mommy is the role in a run-over chair. And not too much going on there. And the old man is still lying here, combatosed in the sack in Ospardle. Yeah. With the tube up his thing. Well, you know, blade and a swim record something. I want to know what's going on there. Are they going to kill each other? What? I don't know who that is. There must be a part one of the storylines I've been to. I have no idea who that is. Ashley Ashley's. I don't know who Ashley is. Oh, you know. What is that? Is that the token black couple on the show? No, no, they're not black. They're white. John's um, daughters. Got long time. John's other wife. I have, I don't know who that is. Oh. Ashley. Don't know who that is. Got long blonde hair. It's in a mid-twist. Yeah. Yeah. I thought maybe you would have some information on that. No, man. So you haven't watched it. So you don't know what's going to happen today or anything? No. I didn't watch it on Friday. It was very boring. It was coma inducing. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Mm-hmm. Well, listen, have a great day. And you too. See, yeah. Get out of here. We have an open line at Broward. Five talk about coma inducing. Five, two, four, and one on the passion line. That show Friday night, man. She was going on and on and on and on. Give her some hockey tickets to give away. She couldn't buy a call this bitch. Couldn't buy a call. Now, what though was the topic on Friday? I'm trying to, well, put this back together. I think that's what bitten love. Oh, yeah. For bitten love, a bad love. Love that's not supposed to be like with a teacher with your neighbor. Maybe you're married and you're fooling around, which of course, she don't approve of anything with anybody. But she wants to know. She wants to market down. The only good passion phones we had was on Saturday at five o'clock when they we played that Phil Henry hour, which again continues to be one of the greatest hours in this real broadcast. You know, one thing with Phil Henry. You'll hear him do a great show. And then you'll think to yourself, he'll never outdo this one. You know, this has got to be, and then you'll hear like, but I'm telling you, he's got a long way to go to outdo that one. But the, no, it'll never happen. Trust me. He'll never outdo that hour. It was just such a fantastic thing. And you know, one of the great talk about an immediate overreaction. So she's doing that. And then the other thing she wanted to know was, who to watch on the, of which anchors are really attractive because I haven't been in the mind before. I'm a lot of the earlier that long. And you know, I want to, the news is so depressing all these murders and crime. We want to have somebody who's at least easy on the eyes. Uh, and now up there in Orlando, it's Jerry Hamburg or whatever the guy's name. It must be John Hamburg's brother or somebody like that. It's, uh, and she must have mentioned his name. 850 times. And people finally have to like 85 hours of this. I get back in the car. And she's still with the same goddamn boring topics and cat by a call. And then somebody finally called in with a name of somebody like Jennifer Sloppy, Voloppy or something like that. And she said, okay, well, he's starting to come on strong now. I'll mark you down. So if that shows getting you depressed, don't let her get you down. Oh my god. What a, what a farce that is. And I remember when she first came in, they had a bullcraft again as usual about this was going to be the greatest God damn things since Mark Coney. And all of this already. 19 stations that want a simultaneous that show. We're going to network this thing. This is going to be the biggest God damn things since the networks. It's going to be a huge. Can you believe that? Now she's on in the three of the biggest markets in the state already. Tampa Orlando and Miami for Lauderdale and Hollywood and Ojas and Sweetwater. And she still can't buy a guy named call because she's market him down. Or maybe she's just getting him down. Boy, I don't want to get started on that, but you get today. But that's your really in like I said, we finally get. And the reason one of the reasons we wanted to get rid of that crap that the UM sports stuff that has a minimal audience. Because there are no real UM fans. They just want to be there if the football team is winning some games. Or now that the basketball team actually is playing pretty well. They show up there in the arena, but then as soon as they lose the gamer to, they're all gone. There nobody gives a crap about that. So the big deal is, oh, we get that out of there. So she can really have a clear path there being on every night and get a one share. Nice gone guys. If any management could do it, this is the one. This is the same crowd by the way that put David Paul on the year. Unbelievable on WSB 50,000 Watson Atlanta. Here's Boca. Hello. Yes. Yes. How are you Neil? Okay. I was in a car last night and I heard some some Starling story on WIOD. It shocked me. Yeah. They told me you worked out and discussed and you are ready to put your papers in and gave note. I put my papers. Yeah. Back George is rolling something in one of them right now. Yeah. I'm not rolling anything. I'm not going to do it. I'm going to do it. We need your station. Yeah. I was telling you. She let me ask her. How long have you had this problem? If you had the like a waxy bill that brought that. Here in problem. There is no problem. Would you like for me to play the tape? Play the tape of what? A tape of Bob Green or whatever his name is, Green's supposed to be. Rimes with Queen. I O.D. Yeah. Stating that you walked out in the discussed and that you're. There was never any such program on a station sir. You must be hallucinating. How long have you been having these? Maybe it was a dream. Hello, sedating? Maybe it's a dream. Well, do you ever have these, do you have these nightmarish to wake up flush in the middle of the night? Or hear a flush in the middle of the night? Look. Yeah. I don't have to have a dream. I know what I was listening to when I. I don't think so. There was never any such program. Hey, who is the host on the show? What's the name? Don't tell me that I didn't hear this. I just got through telling you didn't hear it because there was never any such show. If we were to head a show like that, don't you think I would have heard about it? Another word somebody was masturbating and identifying. In other words, you were having a dream. In other words, you maybe were sleepwalking. Maybe you walked in. In the middle of your sleep. I was screaming. You were driving it? Yeah, I knocked that. I was driving. Very much. It is a dream. It is a dream. And Wild was on the air. Yeah. And what time was this? What time was this? I put my papers in. You keep saying that. What time was this? At 10 30 last night. No chance. No chance. Well, okay. And that's what I want to hear. Maybe you want WFT. Maybe you want to hear. Maybe you want another radio station. Why are you so worked up about this? I'm worked up because you're making it sound like I'm a dummy. And don't know when I hit Wild. There you go. I think you just said it for me. No, I don't have to say it. If I want to. If I want to. You just. You just said I'm a dummy. And I don't know when I'm listening to W. You just said that. I didn't say it. You're putting all the words in my mouth. Yeah. How would you just said it? How would you like to have Randy? How'd you like to have Randy say it to you? Well, say what? Randy Rose tell you that it was on. What does that mean? That means that you're full of crap. What is Randy? What does Randy Rose have to do with what do you mean? How would I like her to tell me? She's sitting there with you now in the room. It never mind where she's sitting. Yeah. But there are plenty of people that heard the tape. And I didn't. The Randy Rose did Randy Rose. Randy Rose. Wait a minute. What do you mean? I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. I don't know what to do with it. Oh, click. There he goes. Oh, another old fart in Palm Beach. Oh, right. Oh, let's send him out to Vegas with that other guy. And they honeymoon sweet. Let's send those two out there together. Two old bastards. Guy had a dream in the middle of the night. Very dry. You can be sure that. Get up and start wandering around. Amelessly. A dizzy. Just totally losing control. Has no clue gets into a total panic. Bricks out into a cold sweat. Because he believes that I've turned in my papers. The Harold Anderson Sentinel. And I'm leaving town. And then calls and gives me a hard time on here. He's psychotic. His life isn't worth a goddamn dime now. Because he thinks I'm leaving town. He had some kind of a wild dream. Probably too much shahani. Probably too much honey on the serial junior. Oh, man. I just can't believe these people. Especially in Palm Beach. They're worked up to a goddamn frenzy. No, no, no, no. I'm not going to be leaving. I'm going to be leaving. I'm going to be leaving. That you heard some kind of a show in the middle of a sleep. Sometimes. And what the hell is with this DCS by the way? Jesus. God Almighty. Defot. Just keep your hands off the stuff. He probably did. Everything here in this thing. Can we ever get this thing fixed? So, what? Look at that. Please wait. Please wait. My dog can find the guy damn thing in there sooner than this. Look at that. I'm trying to alphabetize the guy damn computer we got over here. What do they do? Get this at Walmart on sale day. Jesus. God and Joseph. All I'm trying to do is play. Get the honey tune. And it takes a half hour to pop the goddamn thing up. I feel like I'm the one that's hallucinating along with that old fart and palm beach. Sir, I got the number of a good doctor for you. Okay, Dr. Marvin Dunn. Especially if your lips are getting blue. 1035 at Wild. Spend the host guest or callers on Wild. You're not necessarily those of this station or it sponsors. All Wild programs are copyrights 1995 by Wild. Incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior written consent. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. God damn it. Okay, 1038 at Wild. If I hear one more call, people make it up these stories about tapes. The show was on here and this tape was on here. These people on the weekend, they must go into total delirium like this last guy. The guy, maybe this guy needs some help. Maybe he's like the guy that wanted to jump off the overpass on Friday. This guy or Thursday desperately needs some help. We can get you some assistance, sir. Let's call up Dr. Tony Brown and see if she can help him out. Anyway, Scott, thank you so much from forever green landscape services in Voka. Your hell of a guy, Scott, a real groupie and he showed up at the house Saturday. He's going to put a few things in there for me. He's going to stick a little something in the ground. He said, and what a nervous kid though this guy. Real good looking guy by the way, Scott. I just thought I'd mention it to make you real nervous now. But what is the story with these straight guys? What are they so nervous about? What am I going to do? Am I going to attack him in the house? Am I going to like seduce him? I told him you didn't bite. Well, you never know. I might. Seriously, I have it's just a amusing to me. It's really it's sad on the one hand, but it's amusing that these guys are just so nervous. Oh, I never saw one of those before. Yeah, right. Also, I have a memo here that says not for broadcast, but I'm really tempted to do it. Ha ha ha ha. About another sales meeting at a boy outbow. It's only the middle of March. You're really on top of it. We have an open line in Broward 5-49463. Let's see if he can hear some other Russian old people out there telling me about some Cockamemi show that they allegedly heard. What he said was with Bob the Queen was on a show, talking about how I had turned in my papers. Okay. You're all right, sir. Just just looking to mirror and see if you're still alive. Just the squeeze all over your body and see if you're still alive. Maybe it's that flesh eating virus, it is breaking out first. Here's the lady or somebody in forlaterdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. This is Nancy the goose lady. Yes, Nancy. Hi. How are you? Hi, how have you been? I've been fine. Good. But I am turning in my papers. You are. Yeah. Well, don't turn them in to fast. Listen, I have a goose at someone ordered for you for your anniversary. But I have no place to deliver it. What do you mean by that? Someone called me up and wanted to give you a goose as an anniversary present. Oh, maybe it was got the uh, the landscape in guy. That's what he was nervous about. He wanted to fight except his goose. I don't know. Anytime Scott. Well, I need an answer so I can bring it to your home. Yeah, I don't want it at the same. I'm not taking no goose honey. Forget it. No, I'll probably. Well, the okay. The next thing is I wanted to know if I could get this. I mean, somebody ordered a goose. Somebody called me up and wanted to give you a goose. And I know that I will listen to your show and everything and it's okay. Yeah. So they paid me the money. But I don't want to take it down there. It's probably. I might steal it. Probably was Hank. When he used to work here at the night, you come into the day to look at it. He knows seriously. He tried to goose me in the hall every time I go out during a news break. Hey, stupid. Yeah. Oh, boy. Well, listen, Wednesday's my turn. Can you imagine getting a goose from Hank? Yes. Wednesday's my birthday. And I wanted to know if I could get the hunt ticket. Nobody gave you that. That was nice. Well, that was nice. That's just good. There you go. All right. Give the good. You don't want to give it to somebody who needs it. Okay. I'm okay. Okay. Okay. Bye. Bye. See you. Thanks, anyhow. I'll pass on the goose. We have two open lines in Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. George says, boy, this thing is going to light up those phones. It's like a major. I'll tell you what's going to light up these phones and these free CDs. I'm sick of these things sitting here for days and days. Let's just give stuff away all this week. Okay. They're in that kind of a mood. They're pissed off. They heard that I got my DSS that 18 inch RCA dish. Then they hear that I went out and bought the Sony XBR set, which they're really suck out of about. That's got the, you can watch 16 events in the split screen and the instant replay, and it's the most incredible thing I've ever seen in my guide damn life. Now they're really pissed off. They're starting to get their resented. They don't like it. Why not? Does everybody also got to have one of these two just to feel good about themselves? Life is more than just having a bunch of material possessions, right? And a couple of mains he dogs. So look at these CDs. These are all like, um, So I'm rather the soul. They're wrapped. They're a bunch of crap basically that they don't want it. How 105. Here's usher. Think of you. Now this audience never heard of any of these. Here's the 911 by cutie from the album 911. Alright? Here's E40 with I love. How come there's numbers on all these? Is it one love? I love you love? Here's a Mr. Grim and situation Grim. It'd be really grim. Here's Bob Grim with an 1954 Yankees, 20 and six. Here's Rappin Forte. I'll be around. The new single from the album don't fight the feeling. Alright? Alright. Here's, uh, dear mama. This is the follow up to Yamama. It's dear mama. By, uh, here's the radio version and here's the extra clean version. Now what does that mean? Is that mean that even the radio version is a little dirty? We better play that. Here's, uh, big papa and the notorious big. Huh? Look at him. He looks really bad. Here's, uh, graved igas and 1-800-thuathide. This is the one that's got the, what do they call that again when you got the jewelry on your teeth real quick? Come on, George. Huh? No, no, seriously. What's the name for that? When you got jewelry on your teeth? He's got, uh, he's got a thing on it, tooth, baby. What is that? 1-800-thuathide. How come there's numbers on every one of these? Huh? Two pack and 1-800-thuathide and one love and I love and Forte. Is this some kind of code or something? Us white people are starting to get real nervous about that. Here's a mid-south without you. I haven't got a prayer. That's just like a one of those, uh, CD singles. Here's, uh, the hush babies, the, oh, that we've been worse. Here's the bush babies. Remember we? I swear to God, the name of this is called, remember we by the bush babies. And here's what we called, they won true homies. They won DE apostrophe one. They won true homies, true homos. So there's a real good selection of crap that we ought to give away. I bet you those phones are smoking already for those, but not the passion lines because they're pissed off that I got very surly with those two assholes. And there's a lot of people who are in the forest and farm beach. See those are the only calls we get from Palm Beach basically, because there's only that's all there is up there is seen out old Farts who have really wild dreams in the middle of the night and then call up on here the next day and try to make us believe that it's so. Boy, sir, if I were you, I'd be getting, I would be getting help immediately. I'm very concerned about that old fart. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, okay. Remember we would do e remember we. Oh, I'm one of those. Remember they. Remember they. Anyway, how them be doing by the way. What did you remember, then, the Essex? Remember them? Remember them with an end. I remember that song. That wasn't the name of the song, though. They went that. That. That. Yeah. I know the song, but I can't. I don't know. I think it was the Essex. I'm glad. Well, I'll have to look at my book while you're. You're going to be there. You go. I want to go to an ever calls Monday. I'll follow the two would say may I cook. Yeah. I learned that a long time ago. But when I heard that you were giving tickets away. Oh, I'll voice you aside my head. All of a sudden, he had time to call on Monday when he heard that we had hockey. Yeah, I'll voice you. The voices on my head said get that hockey to you. So, you know, I had a dinner too. The Essex, huh? The Essex did have one big hit, which I can't think of what the day. And that definitely was not it, but let's have a bookie out there. It's the Billboard book of Top 40 hits. Here's Leslie Goar. Oh, yeah. This is from all the way through whenever Roger left here a couple years ago. Roger from the Micronary Show. What do you laugh at about that? Don't remember Roger's entertainment report. You're probably the one guy that laughed at it. Here's the exciteers, the Evelie Brothers. Here's Betty Everett. Here's the Essex. Easier said than done when they walk in miracle. Those are the only two. Easier said than done was a big hit. Yeah. I remember them too. It's me. Remember, so now I was supposed to look up or remember then, right? Remember then? Are you sure that was the name of the song? I'm sure. I don't think so. Let's see. Wasn't up. Wasn't the long and the pyramid to long to nine. All right. Wait a minute. Here's a wrap sitting in your pants. A little crispy. Reach out and I'll be there. Here's the Reaper. Here's Red Rubber Ball. Here's Ruben. And here's the Remember Walkin in the Sandwichang, where the last. That was terrible song. Oh, there was this song, remember then? And if you could tell me who sang it, I'll give you the to talkie tickets. Oh, my God. Wait a minute. Remember then? And it was a person? Give me a hint. And I'll give you the year. Okay. 1963. 1963 remembers and beyond. Have a great day. Okay. Okay. Okay. Back to the Southern of a corner. That's going to be our contest now, whoever can tell me who recorded Remember me. 1960, uh, remember then. Remember me was Diana Ross and Rita Pavone and Dave Pallone. But remember then was 1963 by group and nobody's going to get this one. Unless they got the same book. Two open lines. They're both on those goddamn green passion lines in Palm Beach. 1-800-944-494-63. Probably also in Palm Beach. We got a lot of people who A like golf and B went out to see the Marlum game. Up there at Space Space Cadets in Space City. Huh? People that would go to see exhibition games and people will actually go to see the make-believe players when they start these supposedly real season. You know, there are some people. This is the truth in America. Make no mistake about this. There are some people in the merchandise that's known this. The people that are making all their big money. And there's Dennis Rodman by the way. And if I ever have to see him again and look at what color is here yet today. He is disgusting. There should be a ban on Dennis Rodman. He should not be on anybody's TV set. In fact, in this new TV, I bought there's like a thing that you program in there. If there are any people that you don't want to pop up on your set under any circumstances, you just program in their name right on the screen. And if by any chance, so when you're watching them play, he just don't appear on the screen. You see the ball and it's like Ray Malanda the invisible man. And no Dennis Rodman. But seriously, there are people that you could take a plate with a bun. And you could scoop like my dog this morning. I don't want to get to graphic. It's coming up on lunchtime. He left the deposit a big one in the backyard. Like he always does. He weighs 94 pounds. He's a big boy. And you could put that on a bun. And say this is the most delicious hamburger in the history of the human race. And there'd be people who would buy it. Not just eat it. Who would pay for it? How do you like that? So sure, we get 1800 people over here. We get 3,500 people over there. You'll talk about I have no life. And poor, you know, as much as I, as much as this stain as I have for J Randolph and Gary Carter, and they both do suck very, very heavy duty, by the way, they're embarrassingly bad. But to have to go out there and chill and, uh, Dave will Brian and Jo Angel, who actually happened to be pretty good. And they have to go on there and chill and sell their souls to try to pretend that this, oh, here are your marlins. What are you talking about? These are not no marlins. These are a bunch of douchebags there, a bunch of imposter's man. Loditch to do like the guy, Angelos, and Baltimore just call it off. Okay. Until you can put something real out there, cut the crap. That's it. In fact, we're going to do it here at WIOD. We just, I just had a memo here at said until we can put a real show on after way to clock a night. We're shutting the goddamn transmitter off. Starting tonight. How do you like that? 1049 at WIOD. Coach is gone. I got it. Coach is gone. The players emerge and get their shoe contracts. Big games are won and summer lost. And all through it, there's default. How do you replace players as bad as the marlins put on the feed? That's kind of a paradoxical thing. A little bit of a dichotomy there. For Dave's Nebraska to deal with. Leave the exes and owes in the locker room. Sports talk with an attitude. Jeff Tophores, a views talking entertainment radio. WIOD. 610 WIOD. They're only good Canadians are still in Montreal. Beware of exploding balls. Just lick them. With some luck you might break free. With some cruise lines. Not much room for you or me. With some cruise lines. When the trip back home is 3 months. For your Haitian vacation call 1-800-2-Get-Out. 1053 at WIOD. Happy Monday to be all along. Have no idea what day it really is. It can't possibly. What day is it? Is this like a big Jamaican holiday or something? Got to be something. There is nobody in the building. There's no traffic on a road. It's a beautiful thing. And of course the tourists are all gone because D'Areal and the grand-prey are over. So they've all built out. I mean, is that something when the big events that you got? We did have the Super Bowl for our once in the 20 years. We had that. That's a real event. That's a big deal, baby. And that was it. And then the grand-prey and the D'Areal. And we got to Florida Derby coming up, right? Do we have the Florida Derby coming up at Gulf Stream on the last night with things? Oh yeah. And that's it. That's it. That is it. Right there in a nutshell. That's what we have to attract to the rest of the world. Beautiful. Here's sunrise. Hello. It's like green ganger day, man. Yeah. Is that it, man? Yeah. I got the Earl's for a ride. Remember when? Wow. Wow. Absolutely correct, sir. Yes, sir. Larry Chan to New Earl. Yeah. Was you to go to the hockey game, dude? Not much. Oh, you do? Yeah. Okay. Here's a winner, George. I thought that would take forever. You must have a book. No, I don't have a book. I've got a brain. Larry Chan's lead singer of the Bronx Cortetti Earls, January 12, 1963, 24, reached number 24 on the chart for weeks out of charts. Remember then? I remember the song. Yep. Good song. It was a pretty good song. Yeah. And then they just kind of vanished. I was a medley of their big one. No, they had another song called I'll never fall in love again. But it wasn't a big hit. Well, I thought, remember when was hired number 24 to sell. Yeah. What's so what do you know? Okay. Hang on, sir. I'll see you Wednesday night. Thanks, Neil. Hold on. There's a winner. Look at that. All the deadlines just dropped off. How do you like that? You talk about a bunch of front running ponies in this town. A bunch of free loading bastards about a bunch of relentless douchebags. You're right, sir. I'm turning in my guide damn papers right now. How do you like that? 751 Wild in date and a purple line also crapped out at Pondio D on cellular one. Because this guy got the urals and all those, you know, isn't that something? Did we find out by the way about Ishera'll get me those other tickets out of his desk? Is he here? What's the deal with Owen looking? She's going looking right now. This is like a major. Let's get an expedition together. Okay. Let's go in there and like tear the whole goddamn roe apart and make a big semi-sad of this. Here's a pepper pine. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, you're a fantastic up and listen to you for about a year and you're just great. I wanted to let you know that the movie Fatso is going to be on cinematics. Oh really? Yes. One second of me. It's going to be 2.30 tomorrow afternoon. Get the honey tune. Yeah. Exactly. You did. 6.30 a.m. Saturday at the 11th. And March 30th at 4.30 p.m. Get the honey tune. Yeah. On cinematics. You know I'm going to take that tomorrow because I don't really have. I have a copy of a bits real old and crappy. Well, I hope you got a good reception on your new dishes and all. Sure will. Alright. Well, you take care. I want nothing except to listen to you for as many years as you want to be on. Thanks for sucking around. Alright. There's a guy that's got little information for you. 2.30 tomorrow afternoon on cinematics for those of you big spenders out there who get like more than just the basic package. And the regrettary though they was telling me that what he's got on his satellite dish. It's not even worth having the dish for what he gets. He's not interested in sports. He doesn't subscribe to like any of the movie channels. He's he's just basically got a bare thing is what he's got. We have an open line in date. 7.5.1 on a green line. 1.809.44. By the way, the guy with the treadmill. What's that guy's name Michael? Was that his name George? The guy Michael with my treadmill? I want to thank him profusely for giving me back my life. What a difference in a week and a half. That thing. I am so full of it now. Thank you, Mike. And I'm up to about I do about 15 minutes at a crack. Anybody else out there do 50 minutes at a. But that's what I do it about 3 miles an hour. 2.8 sometimes 3 sometimes 3.1. And just like the other time like I said, don't try to get on that thing. And like knock yourself out and you work yourself into a sweat and have a goddamn coronary. That accomplishes nothing. Just do it at a good moderate pace. Work up a little bit of a shvits and just keep going alonger and longer and pretty soon it gets longer. And God only knows for years I've been praying for that. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, I have a question about these satellite dish. Yes, man. The 18 insides were the size. We're thinking of getting one. How many TVs can you hook into that? Just one? I don't know. I haven't said it's just good for one set but you have four or five. Thank you, God. I love him. I'm having a gay affair with him. That was you. You talked at entertainment radio 610 Wild presents the Neil Rogers show. Just lick up to talk with Neil. Call 751 Wild in day. It's good. But you four Wild in Broward. Outside the 305 area code. It's toll free. 1 899 for 4 Wild. And so you know one customer is called pound IOD at no charge. Now the Neil Rogers show on news talking entertainment radio 610 Wild. It was his word. Not his pedophile. People are watching women off the ground. They're green blue and green blue. But I'm not sharing. Some say he's brainless. Now much fun talking. Not much to look at. But I ain't looking this males just a little too much. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. But I ain't looking this girl. We have to have like any position on us or what. Why do we have to have eight million questions? If I, if she got the tickets or what? Yes, but she thinks she dropped one. Remember little Joey said he wanted to go to the game and probably is gonna bring his volups who was young girlfriend, fiance, whatever she is. And then Orlando was allegedly gonna come to the game. You forgot about that? That Orlando's coming? I certainly wouldn't forget that. You probably would. And all I asked for is for a few, a couple. One, how many games have I asked for extra tickets? This is the second one I believe. The second one. Have you got the goddamn tickets or what sweetheart? What do you got? How many? And then I'm in the middle of trying to have to censor the stupid damn trouser perch thing here. And George is hot gonna try it. And I think I may have missed one. I think I've perched on it. What do you got there, Cheryl? Come on, Bill. I yelled at him because I'm trying to, I have to like, I bleep that out because Bob Neil gets upset about the guys who got bigger than he's got. Which is the amount of yell at you. I would like four, please. Pretty pleased. I would like four. And then the partridge in a paratrore, and then those seats. This is for Wednesday, March 8th. This is for the Arots Gatti. Quebec's got your sack of gun to picture with a Quebec Nordique. In his pajamas. Don't those look like pajamas? Yeah, they do. Yeah, you didn't get what? What do you know, something is he not here again? Is that the problem? Where is he today? Oh, he's sick today. Well, you know what? Two bad Bob, I got your auto-autic. I would come to see this game. Oh, sorry to that guy that won the tickets before in our contest. We have, we have all the lines. I'm going to play this again. Okay, just to get your ass out of here. I'm going to play this whole damn thing. And then I'm going to say, oh, the reason I got on here is because Cheryl was in here. How can a Chinatown, Bob Neil? 7519-463. So we got the ticket. So you're supposed to call Orlando and make arrangements to get him these tickets, George. Which is still not listening to me because again, get out of there. Call up Orlando and make arrangements to give him these this pair. Okay. Oh, I'm already doing it. Oh, Jesus. Joseph and Master. Jesus Christ. Here's the lady in Margate. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, hi, Neil. Last night on the radio was that guy putting everybody on about you were leaving. Oh, no, now what is this? So you're related to the other guy that called you before? No, hey, wait a minute. I don't, don't yell at me. I'm from upstairs. I'm not yelling at all. I'm sitting here very quietly. Mary Farms, do you know what I'm saying? That's when he said you were going to you all, that he, that you own property in, first he said you were from Rochester. In Rockford. In Rochester. Yeah. And then he said that you were going to operate a very farm up there. You also own some property in Texas that you had some cattle on. Yeah. Now I heard this. I mean, I'm not. You heard this on what? I heard it on your work. I don't know. No, no, no, no. Hold the nurse starts. Who's on at 11 o'clock at night, a little after 11? Doctor de Mento. I got those seats. Yeah. Does that explain it to you? No, no. Well, well, The other man is crazy because the other man was having a dream. He was having probably gone through his third change of life or change of underwear. And he was having a dream. There was no such program. Who was the alleged toast on his show? I don't know. See? And you can give me something a little more specific. I might think that you would. I think this to me, this sounds like a plot. It sounds like there's some O-Jomper vodka to her mother. I don't know. It's trying to stir up the kettle. This was shirt shortly after 11 because Yeah. I know. I turn on my radio in the bathroom when I'm taking a shower. And I heard it. And I ask you, is there was the Ben and Jerry's cup half full or half empty? Was he asking melted? The reason not to be. I'm trying to piece this together. It's getting like the O-J thing now. I'm trying to put the pieces of the puzzle together. Well, when he said you were going back to Rochester because I lived in Fairport. Yeah. But it's unfortunate. Yeah. So that's why I was listening. And he said you were going to do your own property up there. And you were going to operate. I own nothing. I'm closing my back. Everything else is mortgage. You own property in Texas. Yeah. It's cattle on this. Right. And Oklahoma. No, no, just Texas. Wyoming. And a big cactus farm in Arizona. Because my husband came in. I said, you know, give Rogers his given his 30 day notice. Because he always was his two-year-old. Because he always was his two-year-old. We're trying not to discuss this on the ear. And now you're just making a band to worse now. The other guy the same thing. I think this is a plot. I'm sorry. And it's really, it's a funny coincidence that Bob Green is homologially sick today. And all these calls are coming in here. I don't know. But I really want to say. You really want to say. Really was on the radio. Not a suspicious person. But it's starting to sound a little bit fishy to me. As in trouser macro. Well, it was your station. Okay. Well, I'm sure somebody out there will know, well, have a little bit better idea. It's amazing to me. I've always said this. You know, they do these surveys. And our livelihood depends on it. People don't even know what they're listening to. I mean, you're the second, wait a minute. You're the second caller I've had in less than an hour now. Who insists that you heard something on a station last night. You can't even tell me who show it was. I just turned it on and I was like, yeah, I don't know who show it was. I just turned it on and I was like, yeah, I was like, yeah, I was like, yeah, but you're giving me chapter and verse of all this, uh, how's the ride that you allegedly heard on there? No, no, not a leg of the eye heard it alleged. It's nothing allegedly about it. I heard it. Did you, uh, yeah. And are you there? Yes. But you can't tell. I'm sorry. I thought you're talking to somebody. I can't, no, I'm talking to you. Can you tell me, uh, are you sure? Yes. Okay, well, we'll check it out. Somebody out there will know a little more about it. I didn't hear it. It was between. In fact, 11 o'clock last night, I was sound asleep. I went to bed early. There was just a tremendous mental hemorrhage. And I just went to bed. I mean, a lot of people must have heard it. It was between 11 and 11 to 15. Okay, we'll check it out. Okay. Thanks. Have a great day. We have an open line of Broward 524 and 2 in days. 7 519 463. I guess the freeloading contingents really big in day because as soon as the guy went, as great 14 row from the ice, so center-rise seats for the auto game on Wednesday. As soon as that happened, they cleared out and they're not coming back. They are pissed off. They don't even want wrapping 4. They don't even want, uh, Mr. Graham. Well, it's wrong with Mr. Graham. Ah, this might be, let's play a little bit of this. Okay. Maybe we can, these people see this is basically a black thing. We don't have, we know we got a few brothers and sisters out there. And a few black people too. But it's basically a stuff music that we're not familiar with. You might love it. Now, now, why does it have to start out like that? All the hustlers in the house is there any black music that's out. I mean, see, I used to love Motown. I realized that's, in a different lifetime, but it was happy music. Wasn't it? It was, it was, even when it was the pressing it was happy music. But this is all like, uh, crime and horror and, uh, drug and a lot of, uh, posing, opposing. Better recognize. Yeah. All the play is a lie. Better recognize. What, then, are what? What is that? What is that? Now, what's that word? Recognized? And you wonder why America is illiterate? Recognized. I was like, oh, and this is music from the motion picture, picture, higher learning. I knew my brain shot was went low when it was 90 miles an hour, but I could barely see my shadow. Spocked up a battle. Philly, as bad as free willy. Really? It's one that's chilling in my brain. And kind of chilling in my brain. I think that sums it up right there, baby. It's cool where your brain's both to be. From the motion picture, higher learning. Okay. All right. Here's a mirror more in the purple line, hello. Oh, what a, what a hidden. Yeah. You all about your music. What is it? I was going to tell you all about your music. Okay. First of all, the question, the answer to your question about the, uh, jewelry on the teeth is called grilling. Grilling. That's right. All right. As you, that's, uh, like, as a new be a lot, you'll be grilling. Right. We're going to, we're going to make your answer, now, and, yeah. Right. The question for you. Like me up a little bit, yeah. The, that, that statement, and you have the gosh, and we're spoken, what does that mean? The God's image, bah, huh? Yeah. What did that mean? That has something to do with a dairy ranch in the Rochester. Yo, man, what's up with your God's from a spoko? With your whole, with your whole family, we're teaching you, yetish, and you'll teach us grilling. There you go. Um, I like one of those CDs right away. Which one do you want? Oh, before I get to that. Yeah. We were actually going to have a take care for one of these CDs. Yeah. All right. Yeah. I believe it. Uh, the APNNCH dish? Yeah. Now, the question is, I heard you talking about the regular one and the deluxe one. Yeah. And I was speaking to someone over the weekend and they said the difference is that you just have more outlets where it can hook it up to more rooms. Right. Is that correct? That's right. And like a schmock, I got the better one. I could have saved 200 bucks and got the cheaper one. Exactly. So the question, who can't you just have more audio, audio, AV lines and just run them through the to the telearrives itself? Audio lines? The AV lines, audio video lines. Yeah. Instead of paying the two extra $20, just get it. Oh, life. But what are you going to do? You're going to like run wires all over the house? No. I mean, just like with cable. You know how they do it through your wall and everything else? Well, if you want somebody to drill holes in all your walls, I mean, the thing with cable is most houses are already wired and they just have to take the, take the thing. You're going to see a face plate off those things and just took it up in there. No, I do myself. You do it yourself? Yeah. Well, do it. All right. I like one of the cities there. Which one do you want man? No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. There's big. Yeah. He looks like an uncle of mine. It looks like big Wilson's matter of fact. It looks like an uncle of mine. No, no, no, no, no. Okay, you got it. All right. Hang on, douchebag. Okay. He's on the purple line. He wants, uh, he wants notorious big. And leave it to a guy who's notoriously small to want that. I can't believe we actually gave one of those weights 11 18 at WIOD. 16 WIOD. We're not my any's number one station. But hey, we can't speak Spanish. All right. This is Gortenlitty and they don't come any worse than Neil Roger. Hey man. What's the 70's sound that we're hearing? Can we travel around town? Don't you know man? So these were in such big. We all live through all their days now, but it's for the main place. For the main president, Jimmy Papa, from the Ferry Smith, Pauli and Ralph. Was on air between us, and we saw in real long as life. It makes me wonder just why are they back? The 70's are going on. Bring them back. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. They can't wait to see what's happening. Listen, Mark and the police cancel to make our house travel ready, and ignition. Ours did the fire in the bottom of the cart and activated the electronic system and just let's get back to that. Remove and pull it out and prepare it for everybody. And... Nice to meet you, Mark. 1124 WIOD on a really neat nifty Monday. It's kind of like a little vacation day around here Bob Greene's out again Here's Boca online eight hello Yes sir when is the SM Eagle Congratulations your an agreement over 18 years of one year well Thanks so much. It's right we're into our 20th now. How do you like that? That's fantastic and I'm sure that went 20 because that's a big number You know 19 is kind of an odd number and it has been since I guess 15 or 10 But when 20 comes next March first if we all survive that long then I'm sure I'll get my cupcake with a candle in it and like a real big Gokits on the cheek from the powers that be here Right Listen I'm a first time call it I've only been listening to your show for about a month really Now how long you lived here actually a month I just came from Florida state powerhousey Do you have any markets up in that area do we have any markets? Yeah, we got a meat market up there. We got a pros that we got a pharmacy. They'd supplies the governor Well, now in other words you went to school there or you live there What were you were you before that I Oh an Iowa Correct, I'll be there speaking a heavy meat There's some beautiful meat in Iowa. I'll tell you that the most beautiful people in America are in in Nebraska and Iowa Those corn fed the Midwestern Yahoo guys, man. That's where they're at trust me Yeah, it's great. I'd work just birthed up. Oh, all right Well happy bro. Well I should play a little you know the way this guy's given his name on your bad mistake Happy birthday Grant I got I'll we got low-income and about your reman and I love you. I love your tomb too, by the way Yeah, I won't comment for your remakes to that recognize on yeah Okay Grant don't do it again. We have an open line on the passion line at 1-800 That's my comment to you Too bad this thing in this loop We're gonna just play this for now. I'll take two kind of kids to the movie What is it that could be arranged? What could be arranged? And we'll lose yeah, let's just play that why would play that from 10 until 11. 50 on Friday Sounds good to me because I'm not gonna be here Friday morning even though they don't know that yet Well, I don't know that there's a basketball game. It either this and now we're even Because the PD is too busy in there trying to get his finger out of his left nostril after that heavy duty derail over the weekend baby Like I said people were in the golf. I wouldn't dignify him. Here's Davy. Hello Davy hey Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? All right. Hey give us some answers You know, I'm gonna say I think I think I do some they got a win They got a start scoring. Yeah, win would be nice We have a one-of-games since when Jesus was a baby. It's been long now. Yeah, I think you know what would really be nice But that it would be nice if we beat a team like a real team I mean the last two wins that we had were against Hartford and Ottawa Which Hartford's been playing better lately, but they're still like a girl steam wouldn't it be nice if we beat another real team Remember that game we beat the Bruins two to one it seems like a hundred years ago up there But wouldn't it be great if we beat a real honest to God team like the Rangers or Pittsburgh or a real team would be good That's it. I think when the pants is all lined up they say they're not worthy But you know something the one good part about this if we do stick to join out and don't make the playoffs Is that maybe just maybe the the big cheese up there is gonna say you know Roger Nielsen really is an asshole And it was nothing he can't motivate anybody to do anything and let's fire his ass I don't know we need some we need to get a motivated winner This guy couldn't motivate a bunch of frogs to crock I'm telling you right now, baby We need the organ player there you go. Yeah, he's pretty good get that organ worked up Hey, how about when the CDs deal which one you want? I don't know what you recommend. I recommend nine one one and you know Yeah, no I don't what do you ask me how about Mr. Graham you just heard a little bit of that? Yeah, that was pretty good. That's a grim pretty good I think it hang on, pal. Thank you. You get a good education from this all right. Okay. This guy's on for this is from the motion picture higher Leary near Lairn Lairn Lairn Lairn and there you go. This you got the guy on four now George is taking orders by the way for Camrys anybody else out there would like a camera at a very special price George has got 17 of them lined up outside Spencer will be here to wash him just before you make the deal This chair is so squeaky. They what the default do in here today Listen that I can't even I can't even take a breath in this chair. It sounds like my action parts will do that to a chair Now I feel better Here's uh, okay, hello Okay, I'm on that landscape for Scott's a nervous guy. Yeah, I'm his roommate and the reason why When Scott's got a roommate, huh? Oh, now I know why he's nervous. I'll write you your his roommate Yeah, I'm his roommate come on. Yep. Yeah, and Well, he was really nervous. He was gonna even shave his go-t-off for the meeting because you were saying you like clean shaving guys Yeah You look fine to me just the way he was What are you laughing about huh? Now what kind of a relationship to the two of you have? Well, you know we can't talk about it on the radio Yeah, right right sounds like swishful thinking to me sweetheart Why you two guys like some kind of a number or something like which number is it start with a six? Yeah, I don't know I don't do So how long have you two guys been doing it? I mean I live in together? Oh, you're gonna love this almost two years Yeah, yeah, and girlfriend getting jealous too really. Yeah, he has a girlfriend. Yeah, what's it's name? Georgie he's got a girlfriend named George. Yeah, well, no one was getting jealous. He showed up at my house The other day and then we started taking his pants off. I said look I said landscaping man. That's you know Well, he said he wanted it was gonna pull out the old weed wacker by self And have a trip and for you, right? All right? All right, Neil Now what's your name? My name is Chris Chris and what's yours to request? Just like to watch You just like to watch Okay, well, if you ever get tired, I'll be right over to take your spot. All right, Neil. Okay, Chris. Bye. Hang loose Another guy with a roommate all these guys that have roommates are really wonder about them, you know How old how old can you be? I should have asked him. I would say that Scott is probably about 22 or three something like that Huh, now can you have a roommate when you because I do know that that Bob was choosing and that's fat Bug shambi over there. I'm doing those guys live together And I know that my good friend Dave Lamod. He's got a roommate some guy that he lives with I guess when you work over there and you don't make any money. You gotta have like a a um, we'll meet Because guys that live together people start talking about that you're on the queue WQ a 56 from the dial but number one in your car Now with 25 minutes commercial free music jam We call them super jam Throughout the day every day with Dave Burgess down birch Runaret Taylor I'm Johnny Dolan and said Ricale would super jam 25 minutes of commercial free uninterrupted music Exclusively from WQ a.m. Miami And other fat free music jams without fat So that's the big rumor and Hank going to F.A.N. I think you ought to call him congratulate him this afternoon It's supposed to be a big secret, but why to house you there be any trade secrets, okay? More power to a Hank I hope you go up there and really do a big one Here's the lady and more even a small one. Miami Beach. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes, man. Hey, you had a question earlier about what it Called when you have jewelry in your mouth grilling it's called grills right? Yeah. Why do you have that? No Oh how disgusting. I know a couple girls who do though. Yeah, yeah, it's expensive Yeah And why did why did they do it is it a fashion statement? Yeah, I kind of I guess so you could say that and where do they get the money? Why did they what do they steal to get the money to put that in their own? They're more the mothers are boys from that. I don't know yeah Well, do they have can't they do they not own a mirror is that it though they look at a mirror See I'll grow test in disgusting and subhuman it looks. I guess it's when they cross a street at night If the headlights hit their teeth. Yeah, they're seeing better. Well, that's good. That's a good excellent point Do you have any more CDs to go? I show do what do you have you got a hole? I got pot do I have one? Oh, you have two-pock What is it two-pock two-pock two-pock? No, well now. He's one-pock right here. I got to write here dear mama Which is like full-sistered a Yeah, mama yeah, but do you still have on two-pock lift? That's why just said I got it right here. He's one-pock He's one-pock yeah, because he got shot He did yeah, well, I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. Okay, well one-pock is better than on it's with the panther say Hang on hang on you got him. Okay, she's got two-pock or one-pock or uh Pock that online one there. Okay, take care of that nice lady. I work in redistuff that I can't even pronounce that I don't know from squat baby because I'm just to see now all far Out of touch I'm out of the loop You know, I never weoized you'll be in a way too bug Be help complicated I'm reaching down into the balls there and just pulling out I love these cards I was saying to George on Friday the cards that I love best in this room are the ones that we had about an inch of dust on him Because they haven't been played in years look at that thing look at how disgusting that looks George that is look at that Fat Oh God that's almost as grotesque as that cheer that Randy left us as a souvenir 12 11 12 22 well I'm given a bunch of different times just for the tape it's 11 34 a Wild you know Wild if you're old gray and wrinkled too bad for you Freedom and say cheese yeah get baby now during national bathroom reading week joined the role of a month club The only book club in America that prints novels on toilet paper Yes now you can read today's best sellers easily Continually during the only time in your busy day you allow yourself to sit down Most of the stuff they're writing today belongs to the toilet anyway So join now and receive our flu season special or complete novels in our empty four-year-old facts What better time to join than when you need lots of reading material you'll go through warranty and Done with the wind in a week read the one minute manager in half a minute join the role of the month club today It's as easy as number one number two Number three Are you sure 22 till noon at Wild we have an open line in date 751 we have one of the purple line So people are calling George now to explain to him whatever that show was that we hit on the year last night We're allegedly I'm turning in my papers and my dogs are doing a number on him And I'm gonna well return to my liquor in the in the deli in my dairy ranch in Rochester and Loretto Texas and house by you and etcetera and so on what is wrong with a public man? How is it possible to still be walking around and be so slow and stupid like these people especially that guy in Palm Beach? He could have been the dumbest old man I've ever spoken to in my life Next to management here's plantation hello hey any other going okay Last night what they were talking about that was they were running on tape to the full Henry show no Yeah, they were running on the best of plenty. They were doing a pass. Yeah, but yeah, but wait a second Yeah, they were on the passion line one then when he did on iron summers and There were one when he goofed on saying you know we had a gin last night. Yeah, he ran it like I got off work Was like kind of clocking me this might be like midnight. This is gonna be like S. You went now on a weekend They just keep running the same tapes over and over and over again. I'd rather listen to that than iron summers Like I said I think it's a hell of an idea Sort of pets gonna do what are they gonna do? What are they gonna do? What does that mean? They're gonna be done when they're gonna be ready to somebody get a get somebody yeah, they just got the Johan Garpon law Yeah, well, what's he gonna do he's a hell of a place of good and Claire 20 goals even if you can't if he'll get 20 goals what I will kid delft and we got see we both to get a lot Good delky he sucks. We got to get rid of his ass man get rid of him We're gonna get for these players though not much that's what I'm saying they waited too long It reminds me that commercial that they run how can you replace these players? They can't trade anybody They don't really have anybody with any kind of value. What are you talking about by that? How about one of the goalies? There are teams that are dying for a goalie right now Yeah, they're gonna get rid of him beast but come on how many games the fanbees were kept them in? That's not the point the point is if you want to yet you have to cool or crawl before you Be scared. Yeah We got to get some guys on his team that can stick to fucking that we got to get one or two big name players on his team We can't keep mumbling along with a bunch. I'll tell you stew barn's man is this whole team right now Yeah, he's the whole freaking team. Yeah. He was one of the carried on before he got hurt. That's right when he Gonna go hurt they couldn't win now that he's got a scarf and a little bit of a tag No matter who we got on the team if they're gonna keep playing at coma inducing style of Roger Nielsen It's still gonna put you to sleep nobody wants to see that don't be chased right Chase don't have chased this yeah All right, well, I'm a good one. Yeah, I'd like to was probably fine. Okay. God wants me to give an answer like I'm a Brian Murrier somebody like that We have an open line of date 75 one one and Broward five two four one on the purple line if you have cellular one at pound I would be we pay the freight here's a disgusting pornographic picture by the way From Sherry Tyler oh, where is it? There it is. I think it's Shane It's Shane while she's got pretty crappy hand right now. She actually she has lovely hand writing But you just can't read to God damn thing maybe I have bad eyes But I my eyes are good enough to see that she's looking this gigantic tattoo on an even more gigantic coherer Did you see that? Yeah, you saw it. He saw it And then the little insect to the right there's a picture of three of the ugliest oh my god the skankiest looking rods I have ever seen and they're all wearing little G-string deals with gigantic Dildo's hanging out. Did you see that? It doesn't for me. Yeah. No not not if you look to them I don't mind god one of them looks like an amoreo with blonde hair The one on the right oh my god. Sorry, an amoreo, but Jesus It says I heard you talking about me just wanted to thank you you might like this movie Sorry no guys but great toys wet kisses Shane Tyler She's she's pretty interesting. I would say and so is the other one but I mean I know you guys want to see the dark scenes all the darks all the time So I guess you're gonna be switching your station for news now But anyway speaking of that any news anchors that we ought to be keeping your eye on in town Maybe over in Tampa in Orlando in Jacksonville any new anchors who are easy on the eye She kept pumping that and pop it out. I mean is that a sexting that we got somebody who might look good on the news That's a sexual thing Jesus on you better get with the program somebody better show draw a picture or one Okay, facts Erin a picture of what one looks like and maybe that'll like spring something deep in the Bowls of her brain Here's for a lot of nail hello She's an anchor at night pulling that station right down that's right. She's the anchors of the night time right Like Marsha Clark. She's the anchor with a canker Great, hey, I was out of town for a couple of weeks, but last a few weeks ago I called a Luis Miguel special until 23 mm-hmm I was part one. Did you happen to get calls on that or whatever? What do you mean I get calls on it? I have it on tape on slowmo and freeze frame. I got it I got it on tape two and then a few nights later it was Advertising the paper that there was gonna be a part two. Oh, there was yeah, and I turned it on It was no there wasn't a part two. I think that was just a tease Really, yeah, okay. Um, did I hear you say that you have a CD there by a four-day? By four-day Ryan Fortay He's up at Rutgers now looking as well as he's still trying to catch him. I got wrapping four-day baby And I'll be around from there, but it's just a single CD No, that's not it then the uh, friend of mine has a band called Fortay and Wondering if that was it. Well, he don't have a CD out, does he? Well, yeah, they have a single out, but I did talk a set and uh, the sick thing though. So I don't think it's a what? It's a sick thing. It's sick. Yeah. How about the CD? That too. Uh-huh. Okay. That's about it. Uh, another thing Erasmus did walk in in the sand too Yeah, but that was uh, yeah, yeah, and of course was a lot better than the original one Yes, it was anything Erasmus did was the greatest in history Cool. Like no mistake about that. Okay, can I call somebody to speak? Yes, sir. My brother Rob Want to see a pin this for on a plane to Hawaii. He's a douchebag. For not taking any with him. Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Hey, get in there, Palli. We have two open lines in day 7-5-1 W. I would eat and the purple cellular one line Which there's a real interesting story by the way about that bell-soft mobility And I'm gonna get to the bottom of it. I'm not gonna conjecture on the ear today what it is But I have a feeling that some people have been less than candid with us about the entire picture in regard to that bell-soft mobility situation When I find it out, I'm gonna buy a goddamn billboard I'm gonna put it on the big sign there in time-square in goddamn New York City and everybody in the world's gonna know what it's really all about Just trust me when I tell you about that make no mistake. What are we gonna do about this chair? Is that going on the ear? Well, when you uh Really crank on it like that Oh Now this is what the urine summer shows sound like exactly that those are sound effects for the urine summer sure right there instead of Here's the four four-loaded deals going all the day lines just open up wide again What is going on in date County today? This is the most maybe everybody's just very moose Maybe that's why there was no that not the usual traffic in day to there something going on We can't put our finger on it 751 WioD and date Here's Fort Lauderdale hello. Me, oh, yes, sir. How's it going okay? I wanted to call you a couple weeks ago Someone called up and they were talking about that Tommy Hill finger you know that clothing line yeah well They the owner of that Business did say like um That he didn't want black people wearing his clothes and some kid tried calling up and saying that you know that He said that and I just wanted to verify it Yeah, and let you know because you were like doubt it well what kind of a comment is that he doesn't want black people wearing his clothes What what does that mean what what kind of an idiotic statement is that? Oh, I don't know I just I mean I thought a new is once that he said that and it was just and you didn't know what the guy was talking about So I just I wouldn't know Tommy Hill finger from the finger that that guy keeps calling about that the priest showed him It's kind of like pull a rough one. Oh, oh Kind of like the same thing a little a little bit too sloppy and plastic for me. Yeah Will can I do a class for you when you wear it when you buy your shirts at JC Penny? You don't know from what you're talking about yeah, and what's wrong with buying your shirts at JC Penny? You know, I take so much crap about the fact like tonight I'm wearing a like a blue shirt like just a less board shirt What am I supposed to wear here today like the guy that said I saw you talking game You were in a peach shirt. Yeah, so what difference does the color make for crying? It's a shirt. Yeah, I'm supposed to come in here with like a little a little Thing on the on the collar or a little thing on the shirt. Oh, George's yes We can't I'll be a fashion plate like George who comes in here like extra sloppy I work on it rhymes with a lobby. Yeah, so what's the deal? Why would anybody dress up to come into a place like this anyway? You have to be nuts go ahead. So I'm sorry. Oh no, I'm sick and tear to fill Henry picking on my shirts Boy yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Can I give you a card go ahead? Okay. Hi. This is Randy West and Kim Bo Kampo You better get ready to beef up with this big boy. Okay See ya. I think there's somebody's got the got a real shine on Kim Bo Kampo I never met Kim Bo Kampo quite frankly. It's okay with me We have an open line at Broward 5249463 Hank Goldberg goes to WFA in in New York be Listening for details very soon because they'll never turn into the truth over there It's 1148 at Wiod Wiod premature modulation Happy plum a kill Nicole In the 50s Robert young made people laugh and father knows best now this great series is back starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best Step into the confession or Billy. I don't know father. This makes to 47th time I've been in there this way Billy I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but just everybody get a spanking Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best cap secret and you've got a private seat for all the fun Just enter the rectory from the rear. Alright Billy boy. It's time for your flute lesson But father your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make it annoying. Oh, it will Billy. It will Father knows best once you've seen this new sitcom You'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to Shane Peter Father knows best going to church may not seem very entertaining But there really is something funny going on here. Thanks honey 1152 a Wiod and the day there's something spastic this cannot be because everything else is smoking today and Day it keeps going dark. It's getting really dark and day 7519463 751 Wiod. They're all cleared out again or something Here's a mobile allegedly in Detroit. You know this can't possibly be hello The honest guy truth Neil. I'm in Detroit. Yeah, I call it you about a year and a half ago To call him as soon as about 50 below and I wanted to check back with your hood a guy He's mentioned when he's lived for an eight-month dick curtain. Yeah, he's not what he used to be What are you talking about? Is nobody used to be? I Widen with the guy honey from Detroit and you're knocking dick I've been knocking dick in the show too. Yeah, but I really wanted to talk to About a guy named I'm a see down there noise not I He's on in Palm Beach. They got him prop. They got him prop up in a cheerio He's actually pretty funny. Oh, give me a breakdown. I miss is like a dead man in a cheerie Used to be funny before they took his heart out Well, if I had to listen to him a person who is behind this first year your dream and man dick What? Oh, you're not we're doing great sir We're kicking ass. We're just they're big and smelly in the numbers too The last time I talked to the yank you out of a tamper. He's still over four miles No, we are not in four miles or in Tampa. They didn't yank me out. I yanked it out nobody yanked us out of anywhere You're just homegrown on the way now. We told him the stick at that's right How are the guys the morning? Nick and the Spuss guys in a morning are doing great. They're beating Howard They're doing just everything you're as great and have a good life. Oh, God. We have an open line And see this is a guy that's got a life. He's calling me in his car phone from Detroit How's Rick and suds doing how's Rick Shaw doing how's this one doing I was the crowd Gregory Benjamin doing oh My god and all the day lines there's something going on with those I'm telling you right now people are calling up and hanging up The my checkers the line forget about the line checkers 751 Wild we got 85 more of these crap CDs to give away And they still not called from date 751 9463 you better call from date now. We're not getting no OJ today. How do you like that? What's nobody really cares cuz they're gonna have that bald damn detective out again that Tom laying Oh, geez, how can they be going back to that again after all that arosa stuff? How can anybody handle that? It's like hitting the real thing and then just start and look at pictures Here's West Palm Beach hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm calling reference to Till Henry show. Yes. Yeah, we talk about it. How it's such a great show and all and yeah, I show is horrible Sir, I'm gonna tell you everything is like a matter of taste, but Phil Henry is one of the funniest people on the Year in America and for you to say it's horrible is one of the most ridiculous things anybody could say What I'm entitled to my opinion why I'm what do you base it on? Okay, I've heard one night go on about 45 minutes about first. He's not on at night. He's not on at night He's on the afternoon. You got Phil. He can fuse with passion bones. I said no sir I don't have heard him talk about how it's people's fault. They put money in the soda machine wrong Trying to get people to call up an ingredient people fall for it. It's just very very lame What it would he made's very lame. Maybe the people are very lame. They listen to the show You know people in general are very lame like this call Phil Henry is great. He's a genius I think there's you take something like that. Why I'm about a bleeding heart liberal Okay, they're oh, that's the same jackass there with it now Yeah, if you put your head over the floor really describe you. Whoa, what do you do like that? The same guy that called the day that filled it in this guy this guy made the same comment about how he was glad That I'm not gonna be on here because he used the same expression that's a dead giveaway pal A bleeding heart liberal ass hole. This is the same guy in Palm Beach You know something I am so glad that I exposed Palm Beach County for what it is a couple of weeks ago because that's exactly what it is It's about a Yahoo Rednex and old Jews who left him fled from the beach in Boko But basically just a much of old Rednex like him Who ain't even that old but he's working on it because even old Rednex were once young, which is really sad That's the guy that called him with the comment about the about the Luis Miguel music It about every other guy damn thing in the about the wet backs. Sir you're pathetic and you listen to Phil Henry Phil Henry's got more brains in his little finger than you gotten your whole disgusting Puss-infected body. How do you like that you disgusting Yahoo? Go out there and pick it a little while see if it bleeds Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hey, hey, you doing no. Okay. Good. I just now put out a bunch of knee knockers. They got up there in Palm Beach County Poor Randy. I really sympathize that he's got to work with a bunch of idiots up there and head down West Palm Beach You have a bunch of know it all rules down till yeah, it is that's the problem It's easy rounded and dear field and poppin all ready. Oh, man. Listen. I just turned John I just got done putting my kids down for an half a step into turn John. Yeah, and sounds like every other day Show you got a bunch of idiots out there that you're trying to deal with that's right This is America sir, and this is Florida Yeah, home of the dead. We're even the living people can't have a good time No, well we got the weather at least we got the derail that's over we had the grand pre yesterday Excuse the spelling that's over with right we had the Super Bowl here are one big shot in the in the daytime and the night time Whenever it hello was that's over with for the next foreseeable future and that's it now We sit here from now until until Christmas that we say well, just wait till the season starts It's gonna be great No wonder this whole town is cleared out seriously I was talking at the beginning of the show today about how I thought I was coming to work on a holiday or something because there was no traffic today Even date County was cleaned out like they had a goddamn Vomscare well, I say I lived down here towards colorage by US one and I and I see an awful lot of tourists in South Head and south from here. You're going down to the keys going down to the keys So I got probably floating on down there. Why the hell would anybody go to the goddamn keys? I don't know, but I know what is the biggest traction down there? They want to put your fruit cakes that go to the grove. They don't have to go down there The water I guess the only thing I can think of yeah, but yeah, I think I we have water down there because we sure don't have any up here Yeah, I went down to the keys for the water They didn't have any water in Broward or day their pop beats so I had to go all the way down to the keys to find a goddamn ocean Did you see the art talk about stupid people man? Did you see the article in the Harold Sunday about the new to speech at Oliver? They wanted access to the handicapped and I did not that was hilarious They made the city put in like an $18,000 peer so the handicapped could get to the new beach. What's wrong with that? I guess I think those bastards ought to be able to wheel out there and take a good look if they can't do it themselves They ought to be at least be able to watch it Well, I guess you're right, I guess I'm gonna have like a refreshment stand up there. They don't have the goddamn thing catered. What's wrong with that? Well, I guess nothing really a little popcorn and snap a lice a more power to those crippled bastards Oh, man, that's great. All right, you know, I have a great day and stay out of Palm Beach trust me when I tell you stay down here I've friend of mine worked up there. I've been up there plenty of time Blue here isn't the word oh my god and Yahoo and not only that You got all these rich people up there that only polo ponies and stuff yeah, and he delivers to somebody's people Pounds and it's pathetic meal cheapest bastards on a face of the year That's that right ever got still got the first ball the ever where we're born with a heavy-weight life family Yep Palm Beach County man. We brought them out of the closet right here on this radio station and of course I think all the frogs ought to go up to Palm Beach That's gonna be our new campaign. Oh by the way speaking of the frogs how we deal with our stickers Got any news on that you're gonna call up our friend our pizot and time to make go and find out how our band the frog bumper stickers are going I want to say this I want to make it very clear because we don't want any legal the fugle these with us because those French Canadians man and Don Cherry does hate him like voice and says they're a bunch of disgusting frogs by the way. That's what he told me personal But the bottom line is that those people who get a hold of them They might be so swept away by the emotion of the moment that they might be forced if they see one of those blue and white disgusting Quebec plates to just slap him right on the bumper one of those cars Van the frogs baby with a barrier with that Fasten yours as it go north baby He was talking entertainment radio. I'll be to be a six-ton W. I O D my Emmy Fort Lutterdale