W-A-Y-E-S-U-B-K-S Use Toggen Entertainment Radio 6-10 W-I-O-D presents the Neal Roger Show to talk with Neal, call 75-1-W-I-O-D in-D. 5-2-4-W-I-O-D in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll-free, 1-800-9-4-4-W-I-O-D. And so, the one-custers can call pound-io-z, no charge. Now, the Neal Roger Show, a news-talking entertainment radio, 6-10 W-I-O-D. Neal, God. No, God. You did dinner time. No, no, another night at cheaper-telling food in the can. Yo, yo, yo, man, check it out. And you fool, you. This me, homeboy-od. Yo, man, toss out your skidios and get down with some homeboy-od-skiddy-ho. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, you gotta can open her. Yeah. Yo, man, and homeboy-od got all kinds of stuff. And it's all made homestop. Oh, boy. It's homeboy. ID. And a no-lo server's needed. You can feed the whole crew with a all-new gang size can. What's he? That's large. Come on, man. You want the plan? Get the food in the can. That tastes like the food in the can. Homeboy-od. Drive by and pick some off. To sell. So anyway, you ought to see this Jennifer isn't it? And I'm talking about Faggen if I'm talking about our own lovely Jennifer Remis and the other one checking out some of that beautiful stuff that we got in the, in the mail. And she said, it just keeps getting bigger. And wait till she sees the other one. She'll look at that and say, yeah, get baby. Anyway, we're doing screenless here. We'll be talking to Don Sherry about the bottom of the are so we're like really tighten up this hour and do like a lot of commercials back to back and stuff like that. What is it? You just can't beat this celebrity meat. Oh, man. Can't beat that gator meat. This, uh, I'm telling you, she was on that passion for once we have 110 share. Even people who don't know radio would put it down at their listing. I'm telling you right now. And Aaron Summers couldn't look Jennifer's, uh, aspiratus. W-Y-O-T. Yes, sir. Hey, we're finally going to get rid of these 90 year old heavyweight champs, huh? Like, well, I've been getting out next month. Oh, is he? Yeah, more 25. Well, it's not exciting. Can't wait. Uh, how come you're so anti-basketball? Because it's boring. Oh, because it's a bunch of seven foot freaks, a jam and a ball down a bass. Getting it's not exciting. It's not interesting. There's very little skill involved. It just did nothing for me. You can only spread yourself around so thin. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. All right. Okay. See ya. Now, what did you do with that? Did you run away with that? I don't think we'll ever see it again. I think Jennifer, you loped with that brochure. She can do better than that. She can get the real thing. Trust me when I tell ya. What did she say to that one picture of Rick Schroeder? One on Lollipop, little boy. W-Y-O-D. Oh, I don't. Paul Lyle. Now we're talking. Paul Lyle. These guys did it. Got the old tapes out there. Can you hear that? That was with the bird on the thing. And George, by the way, was over the weekend. Had a real exciting weekend listening to old tapes when the bird was on the show? Yes. He has never heard anything worse in his life. And I still say the bird was fine on Zeta. We had a great show in the morning on Zeta with Caprieda and me. And we kept the bird in its place in its cage. But when he came over here, it was a disaster just waiting to happen and it did. And then I remember after we dumped him off the show, after I dumped him off the show, he never went through like the Spanish inquisition literally. And all these Julios did you say to the bird? Did you tell the bird that he was doing this raw? Did you say to the bird? I'll never forget that. All these little dick tutorial assholes out there telling me what I should do. How I should run this show, run my life. Stick it, pal. Go get a life. Okay, would be a good start. Did I say to the bird? I'll give you a bird. Oh, and speaking of Jennifer, almost biting off my finger. What is the name of that bit that Skyler does? Best of meals. We better play that. Not the best of meal, but the best of meals fits in for Jennifer perfect. Okay, you bird brain. W-I-O-D. A meal. Yes. First time caller. All right. Just calling and respond to that Burger King. Yeah. First and at Burger King. Is it alive? Yeah. Well, I guess so. It is a guy who called, I can't believe he couldn't tell, but it is a guy. I've been there a few times. I guess wishing it was a woman. Yeah. And it's kind of a woman. What do you mean by that? It's in other words, it's a guy who's so pretty that he looks like a woman. No, it is frightening. Oh. It is really frightening. It's a-I don't understand. What were you saying you wished that it was a woman? No, I don't wish I think he wishes. He wishes it was a woman. Dress is like a woman, make up, everything. Oh, I think it's a guy in drag? Oh, yeah. No. Yeah. Burger King is hiring drag. Flag King's? I guess so. I thought he would have gone to work at Dairy Queen instead. Thanks for the good news, Pally. Okay. Bottom's up. Okay. Well, I guess you can't have your meeting. It's 10 past noon at Wild. My hand goes very easy. I need to put down the- Hmm. So anyway, we're expecting Phil Solzman to call any second now. In the food is here. We want to thank Boone again for few sleep. There's enough food here to feed the Chinese army. Why? Why? We're not going to line in date and want to brown. Hmm. Boone is just going to- Why? Why did you laughing at him? Nothing. Everything's fine. I'm just sitting here and you're over there, can't you? I think Calla was right about you. Just relax. Why? You're a bird. Here, give me your finger. Now stick your finger in this piece of pita bread, okay? Okay. Oh. Oh. I can't. You're like that. Hmm. Hmm. Eh. Man. I just bit your finger off and you're still laughing. Hmm. I think you know what? It's not bad. You got nine more of these, right? Yes. I'm put a little melt of mozzarella on this and you really got some. Eh. Yes. That was the best part. Nice going, Skylar. Whatever happened to Jim Skylar. And you run away and make his fortune. He gets smart and get out of this business. Let's do date counting. W-I-O-D. Yeah. Speaking. New. Yes. Yeah. That's because I gave you a call. It was like the wasn't a speedless call. But it was called. You said to talk about anything? Yeah. I want to plug my business and it got really good. I wanted to plug it again. You plugged it? Yeah. You plugged it for me. I'll bet you did. Yeah. Why would happen? You got a call or something? Yeah. I got three calls. I did three calls from the plug. No. Really? When the ceiling call. Yeah. Right. Of course. This is the guy who comes and teens your windows. Yeah. And you'll come right to them, right? Exactly. By the way, you never told me if you had 10, then you're correct. No. I don't want to know 10. I like smiling back at everybody. Wave my cigar and say, and you're number one. I like that. I'm not sure if you can get it. Yeah. Go ahead and give yourself a thing, man. All right. We're going in Rick's mobile team. 734, 725. 734, 725. Oh. Rick's mobile titting. Yeah. We're counting you and he'll tid it for you and you're windows too. All right. Where a model is we come to you. Okay. All right. Can you come and Rick? Let's have a call. Ask you can play a red part. Oh yeah. I forgot about that. Can you play this? I'll try to forget about it. All right. I hate those things. That's a randy thing anyway. Those stupid red bar. What are they under? Is it under red? Oh, it is under red. Maybe we can play like a real short one. Oh, we can't play this one. That's bad. That one's really bad. Here's a short one. Hello. Hello. Hello, guys. Sit, please. Sit. What's the name? Sit down. Now. Do you know what? Do you know what? Down. Do you know what? Down. Yes. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. Yes. Sit down. Sit down. Sit down. I'm sitting down over here would be good. W-I-O-D. Yeah. This is your resident Brian Benning Ball. Laws to a Surrella Bashar. Yes. And I just wanted to ask you. Did you notice that Bobby Clark grew some balls about a year late and pulls off a huge trade that makes the fly look like a halfway decent key? I think he stuck it to us. I think he knew he was leaving. He lied through his teeth. He gave away hog good. And then of course he pulled a bonehead thing with a draft pick. And instead of like a trading it and getting a top line player like Ray Shepard or Steve Eiserman. He goes and gets this kid, Joven Aski, who's not ready for prime time and may never be. And he knew he was getting out of here. I think we ought to find a lawsuit against Bobby Clark. But do you think it was Bobby Clark? You think there might have been greater forces than Bobby Clark. Bobby Clark trusts me. The man's an idiot. I think he said. And of course we just happened to be in the same division you notice. You notice that? You notice that? Maybe Wayne took a look at Iaserman salary and said screw this guy. Oh, there's no question about that. I've been talking to that along. This guy is not going to pay the kind of salaries to bring a superstar to this team. We got two outstanding goalies. You name me one guy. We got a team who's a superstar. I'll do it. I'm talking about a full fledged like an Iserman a federal offer like even as kid Paul Korea that's a duckstracted. I'm talking about a guy who is beyond a question going to be a big superstar. We ain't got one. I keep your eyes up. I love Stubborn. I love Stubborn. He's great. The barrens is good. But you're right. Everybody else does kind of suck. No, I'm not saying the whole team sucks. I'm just saying you got to have. You got to start building. If you got to build, you got to go out there and get some real big name somebody. Not some guy from the Viperies for crying out loud. The Viperies. That's a slap in the postman. And they're dying to get rid of Steve Irz and Matu. They're begging and cleaning to get rid of him. I'll take him. Me too. Okay. 12. 18 at WIOD. George. So, I'm just hearing some words. Tonight, you need to pick up your passion from. Because it's all about your favorite adult films. Plus, we have a special in-studio guest. I don't film star Randy West. Tash and phones with Aaron Summers. We nights, 8 o'clock in entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. And WIOD. Talk radio for the 90s. The second. Not the age. It's big, Neil. It's big in a boat. The piano. 1221 at WIOD. So anyway, what am I going to do with this other pair? I got a spare pair here. And the kid's Sean. Sean, you're an ice kid. And all of that out of the stuff. I think maybe you better eat your loaf with Aaron Mike or something over there at the track. Because he never called. And I got, you know, I was saving that one ticket. I'll call you out my last break in noon. He's playing hard to get out of no fucking company. Who cares? You know, I can't deal with that. I mean, I'm doing something nice for people. And I still, well, we don't know. See, there's no, I mean, if it was me, if I was living somewhere and it was a hockey game, I don't care who is playing. And I had a chance to get a good seat for free. And go there and sit and like in peace and watch a great game. I would grab it, baby. I would grab it immediately. So now I got this pair and I don't know what they'll do with them. We got a spare pair. We'll figure it out. W-I-O-D. Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. I'd like to have your pair. Yeah. To the game. What about the tickets? And the tickets too. Who you bring in? Uh, don't know. Probably my girlfriend. Yeah. Please. And you'll show up. I will be there. Promise. I'll be there. Okay. You're going to have to pick them up here at the front office. At the front office? Right. You give me directions for no. I-30. Before 5. Before 5. Your judge will give you all the dope. Okay. Thanks a lot, buddy. Your directions too. Hang on. You're the greatest. Okay. There you guys are. No, I just don't want those seats empty. You know all this crap. But while he's trying to recruit young boys up there again, you know something if Alex Bennett was here and he had hockey tickets, whichever she sure he's too much of a pussy to go to a hockey game. Alex Bennett was here and he was trying to go like to some sporting event of some kind or to a concert and he had a bunch of tickets that was trying to pass him out to a bunch of 18 year old large, breasted young ladies. All these same guys are all right, Alex. And I'm a boy baby. But because we'd have a lot like to have a nice bunch of young guys in that row, all of legal age, of course, because we don't want to offend any of these right wing born again. So we're so concerned that everybody's blessing children, which is what they're probably doing, including their parish priest. But then that's a bad deal. Okay. So we're going to have some like living and breathing some vibrant people in that row for a change. Instead of seeking extra what he grable and his 800 pound gut. On speaking of what he grable by the way, where is our ticket, baby, and speaking of Jeff Moss, you know, this is now starting to get me aggravated. Today is the 15th of February. We got, what is it? Nine games on a schedule that we don't have any tickets yet for that they're pretty new tickets because the dates don't correspond to the old schedule. And the first one of those just happens to be a week from yesterday, six days from today. First, and of course, it'll be hard on how to get a ticket for that game. The Rangers, the dreaded, the very mediocre this year. Thank God after they shot their wild last year. The mediocre Rangers, the Ranger game on Tuesday, which requires a, a replacement ticket. Where is what he grable with those tickets, George, and quarrying minds want to know. And the other rate games as well. That really stinks to join out. W-I-O-D. Is this the line that you're on? W-I-O-D. Yeah, I like to speak the need. This is Neil? This is Neil. No man, I like to speak the need. This is he. No, I'll listen to Neil. Let me say it again. This is I, yes. Neil, I want to speak about the legalization of marijuana. A matter of marijuana? Yes. How long have you been working on his voice? Me, no, enough for the long not just like a little ripped out of Neil. The precious, sweet, different, Marrow, water, delicious, different, marrow, water. Yeah. Yeah. And I'll just kill it right here. I'm just home of you from high and leave it here. Kill it. And I just like to call somebody a douchebag. Yeah. Do you need a big flaming douchebag? Ha ha ha. Oh, these are the best man. This I tell you this show today. They should put this in a space capsule. They should send it all away as far as Neptune maybe even to Uranus. W-I-O-D. Hello? Two-late. W-I-O-D. Deal, guys. Yes. How are you doing Neil? Okay. I-I-The rumors of our hyaluronic gets there true. The rumors about what? Jay-Huyler? What rumors? What rumors? What rumors? That he's bald? Okay, he's bald and he's ugly. W-I-O-D. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home with you. Everybody. Things like driving home. Driving home to you. Driving home to me. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. Driving home to you. soll Поiffer Of course. On the route, you'll look sick. You'll also look sick. Your only one with an Flicht button. I should go sair.istorismuelal is a 5kg but more than 10kg. I should go. Yes, I did. Oh, sorry. W-I-O-D. Where's Neil? Right here. Oh, Neil. This is me. Hey, uh, this is good as a guess. I'm not a tactic because I don't have my tickets for the 21st either yet. I have not received. So in other words, I'm glad you're just a kind of guy I want to speak to. You're a season ticket holder. And they haven't set him out yet. And Jeff Moss, I'm going to tell you something right now. You are the biggest derelict. He keeps trying to make up by, you know, once in a blue moon, I'll send me a thing and say we got 85,000 empty seats for the night's game when they're desperate. But generally speaking, we are in the dark. And I want before we leave here today, I wanted to defend a reward. He told Woody Graber they were going to be mailed out last week. Then what he saw I'm like before the game Saturday or Sunday, one of the weekend games, they're going to be definitely mailed out this week. Well, either the pony got very sick or Jeff is usual as full of crap. If I don't have those tickets to my end by Friday, there's going to be big trouble. Oh, exactly. Now listen, you're a mehager, God. He is. Last night, I mean, I watched the game and it was just that team. I want to see them play Quebec. Yeah. That's a big thing. They are playing Quebec on either Sunday or Tuesday. They got a big game with Quebec coming up. No, is that on any type of team? I mean, I went to the bar and watched this. But you go to the bar and watch it there too. Now, as a matter of fact, they got let's see Hartford, which you know, they're going to tie this record of unbeaten because they got Hartford tomorrow night in Pittsburgh and then Saturday night in our afternoon, Hartford. And then I think that game after that, I believe, is Quebec. Wow, that's the, that's going to be a ballbuster. But this, a yagarin is Martin Strock, a one, two tandem is just unbelievable. I don't think Strock even played last night. No, I don't think so. No, it's funny. You mentioned that. I think Marty Strock is not play last night. I could be wrong. I could be wrong. He's your normally on the same thing. With yagarin? Yeah. No, Ron Francis and Luke Robotire and line that's the best line in the league. Ron Francis is the center and you got Robotire and Yagarin the wings. Okay. Now tonight, we got rated. Come again. What's the story? Has he done anything yet? Not a thing. Nothing. If you want to see a good player, keep well, of course, they got a good yagarin. I got yagarin. But we want to see a good young player that the Panthers could have had watched that Rob good Joe man. This kid is a real player. He's got four points already, which for them is pretty good. He's got three goals. He's a real player. He wears number 10. Rob good road. A kid is a player. They got him from the sharks. And we could have had him and we didn't want him. Sharks and other teams. And you're going to be very upset when you see that there's some good young talent out there. We didn't want it. Probably because they wanted some money. Exactly. Now that we have done show you waiting on the line or not. He'll be here any second. We're waiting by it. Hold me. It. Okay. Squeeze a tight. Get out a couple of mulsins and he'll be right with us. 1229 at WIOD. 16 WIOD bigger than Madonna's ever imagined. Moles and hockey night in Canada on CBC. Brought to you by Moles and next sports. Excess it all. By board of Canada. Where quality is job one. It's working by Imperial oil and Esco-Asosius. Proud to be one of the leading sponsors of Utah key in Canada. And by Fancy. Got a habit. So listen Don Sherry. We don't know what to know about hockey. We want to know about the rich construction in Rochester, New York. Hey, I tell you that I was put one of the happiest times of my life with my buddy, wait he snipped. We used to have a jackhammer. We worked eight hours a day. We had a few pipes after it was a lot of fun. Yeah. A few pipes after. It sounds like things haven't changed. Not one bit here. I love that opening. I'll tell you. We don't have to run. We don't do any guest done issue. But in your case we made an exception because it's great to have a guy who knows a little bit about hockey here. But I got some good stuff. See, this isn't going to be no cream puffs with Ron McLean. This is going to be a little bit different. We don't toss the marshmallows. You guys like they do want hockey night in Canada. Now the first thing, you know, I've been a Maple Leaf fan 37 years through the good times, the punch him like thays and the bad times. And you know, season we have to wait through the lockout crap. But Johnny, we want to talk about it's too disgusting even mentioned. We have to wait for that. And you come on right out of the box. And you, you, you, with his vitriolic attack against my good buddies Cliff Fletcher and Pat Burns for the trade with Quebec. I'm not a vitriolic vitriolic. What's that mean? Rotezc. Oh, unacceptable. I don't know. Listen to me. Are you going to cut a little slack for Matt Sunday? You guys get not at all. You know what? It was right. 12 feet from them. I was a he kept it your spots. Neol, I reheated that trade. Yeah. I got to admit some beans put in the puck in the net. Nine goals. Nine goals. Same as window. Same as window. Yeah. But what place are they? And yeah. But you one guy, let me tell you something. And you're probably disagree, but Solveyne Lafei was the thing that bothers me about that trade. Wendels great. Huh? You better believe it. Solveyne Lafei plus this Garth butcher couldn't carry Solveyne Lafei's juxtra. Well, Lafei's not a good fighter. There's not a third night with Kelly K. He's not a good fighter, but he's a great defense man. He's a plus guy. He was up there all last year plus 30 plus 34. When you look at a guy's plus and minus, that'll tell you what kind of a player he is. Well, I'll trust you. If you remember Bobby or when he was he was plus 33, let's say Bobby or do I remember Bobby or you know I'm glad you mentioned that right now because he we got a guy down here. It is a real irritant to all of us. His name is Denise. He likes to pretend it's Dennis. He's one of those frogs up there. You know, yeah. Denise Puckin. Denise Puckin. Yeah, down there. Denise Puckin. Okay. Now let me tell you something. This Denise Puckin. And for our mutual friend Jeff Rimmer, this guy does a good job with the Panthers. He's got to be settled with this guy. And all he talks about is Hall of Famer Denise. Hall of Famer. I don't give a crap. He's a Hall of Famer. And then he got all upset of it. And only because somebody made a comment to him that well, you know, Bobby or was the greatest defensive in all time, he took exception to that. Like he could play on a same ice. Bobby or wasn't the greatest defenseman of all time. He was the greatest player of all time. Well, Neil, you know, this I know our reason I come on this station. Listen to last year, 74, 75, he really played. He had 36 goals. 89 assists. He was plus 128. James. How's that crap? Yeah. Unbelievable. He was in the year absolute greatest player. I think Serge survived to the bus. He said there was players. There was stars, super stars. And then there was Bobby or and Bobby Clark who used to be down. Oh, not you. He was so good. He should have had another leap for him. You drove a spear through our hearts now with Bobby Clark. This man, you know, he must have known he was leaving here last year. And he did everything to just destroy his first of all. Last year he trades away this little kid Greg Hoggodon. Now all he's doing is playing for the best team at League for Pittsburgh. He's great on the power play. He's a great little point guy. He's a small guy. You saw that. I know you saw last night guy. And then we never came back. You don't have to stay after that either. I don't think we'll see him for about a week. He won't be doing that again. But this kid is a player. And who do we get? We get Jeff Daniels. Okay. Well, guess what happened this morning? Jeff Daniels has gone long overdue. Never scored a point with us. And who do we get for him? We get Jason Wolley from the Detroit Vipers from the Vinciel Vipers. What kind of a deal is that? Well, you can't play Bobby Clark for that one. No, not for that one. But how about the number one draft pick? When you got the number one draft pick, you're in a expansion team. We missed by one point last year. Making a playoff. We had a hell of a good year. We got the best goalie. I mean that we could possibly have the visa and fits Patrick ain't bad either. And instead of trading away the number one draft pick for like we had a chance to get steady eyes. Or meant not too bad. We had a chance to get Ray Shepard who's been leading the league and scoring up until the Yager went nuts. And what do we do? We keep him and this kid is down in the miners not ready for prime time. It's Joe vanoski. It may never be all that good. Oh no, we didn't mean that you got Joe vanoski. I love this kid. You're going to love him for a few years. Yeah. The league needs exactly this guy. He's going to be a force on defense. Mark my words on that. I hope you're right because boy we've been playing these stiff like Joe Sirrell and Brian Benning. He's back through the rest. Huh? Joe Sirrell is right. Joe Sirrell. He's not even playing now. Robert, he's pretty good. He must have the pictures man. He must have those pictures of John Sirrell. Right. Huh? You're tough guy. I am a tough guy. We don't see him for me. They won't let a flag like me and address me. I'll tell you that. And speak to that. Let me tell you about that. By the way, in a way, you see you think you're going to get off easy on this show last year. I watch hockey night and can't get my satellite dish here. Can that pavel braced stuff? Okay. And you got that letter. I saw your read it on here that week on coaches corner about pavel brie and how beautiful he is. He's and drogget is and all his other crap. All right. Are you Canadian guys? You're always pandering this real homophobic stuff. I know there's a lot of fags in the NHL. I don't want to tell you they are a little break your heart. But I do. I know who they are. I've seen them believe me. I'm a lot of you. I know. Rimmer. Rimmer told me the name. He knows him well. But listen to me. You know, I love Bob Cole, Harry Nielder, Greta Watch, Hockey Night in Canada. But Harry Nielder. Now here's a guy, the best color man in hockey. Every time there's a beautiful play, a great passing play. Harry Nielder says, where they're showing a replay, here's a lovely little pass from Gilmore to Andrich. I love Lee little pass. What kind of a macho expression is that? On your macho damn Canadians talk about, here's a lovely little pass. Even I wouldn't say that. Well, yes. I know. And I don't understand. I can't take all the blame for Harry. You had to give me, I get enough trouble myself. Well, he's got to probably live in Buffalo. That probably is he's probably. Well, I gave you listen, imagine living in Buffalo for 12 months. All right. We're not getting anybody. Now, somebody I told him that that was going to have you on a show. They said you got to play a little Fred Cusik for for grapes over the line, holding, dropping for Cusik. Turn off him, grab back at it. Lock number reached the net. He's in deep. Oh, able to get it. Looking for Nielder and Fred, but that's jamming on him and fork. Now moves in in a screen. Say, rebound, say, from a shot for D. Lee. D. Lee home. The third rebound. Thanks to one to one for Boston. How do you like that? I love Nielder. He's a, he, I tell you something boy is the one better part of everything in the league than Camini. How do you like him last night? Right there in front of the net makes it 4 to 3. They out shoot Pittsburgh 23 to 2 and a half. And you know, there's another thing that bothers me last night. I'm watching these penguins all season long. I watch him on the dish and here they got this, you know, Barroso gets her, which maybe the best thing that ever happened to him. Because I'm not that crazy about him. He's hot and cold. And can't reg it. Here's a maple leaf reject. He's stumped the join out with the leaf. He's play and don't tell me he's getting a better team because he's got defense because you know, Pittsburgh doesn't play any defense. All I got is those two big sweetest goons out there. And he said the world on fire. Well, you get a chance. And the lot of guys said I've never, I've heard it many times before. And they never ever reached their peak till around 23 24 25 26. He's paid his dues and I could he's a real good guy. I'm happy. Glad to have him. But he's got to look at that old few. Sam was sending his kind of look at you. I got to admit, yeah, he's good hockey pair. But I mean, tell me, does he look stupid in that Joe, I'll met. See now you're worried about how you're worried about how the guys look. They can't all look good. They can't all look as good as Luke Robotino. What are you talking about? They can't all look like Steve Eyes. I mean, you want guys who are pretty. You want guys who can play if they like guys look like nearly talking. What do you want? You want that? You want pretty guys. The Leafs have got to get Drake for a housekey back out there again. What they'll happen to him. You know what about him? Thank you. You're pretty sure. Hey, you want you won't slip one by me. I'll tell you that right now boy 38 years living in Diamond at Blue and White. Well, they're they're locked out of the got one right go. Right. Go ahead. About five ships. He knocked a few guys around. That's right. That's what they need. He's a little muscle. Yeah. They got Mark. They're talking about getting Brian Merchett back again. So he won't hurt guys like Gartner. So they got to get some more muscle. That was early problem. They get rid of the rums. They get rid of the piercing. They get rid of Clark. They get rid of the Fave who was not also guy. But a great defenseman. They bring this kid in. I heard you talk too much about him. The kid with a bad complexion. He ought to get borrow some of the clear seal from Felix for crying out about the Johnson kid. He's got a face full of zits. Which he had to see. I get one you're talking about how guys look for crying out loud. This guy looks like a walk in Claricell and he's got more zits than I've ever seen on a boy scots for crying out loud. And this kid, the first game of the year he gives away two goals. The first or second game of the year he gave away two falls on his hands. This guy better learn. You got to go out there and hit some guys. Never hit. Never hit his a sweet. He removes a fuck. He's not playing badly. He again another guy with a jaw behind him and mask. I need to eat. He's a pick on. I haven't picked on him at all. But he's he's weak. Well he is weak. He plays like this from in Detroit. He's the same style. Annel a fuck. But when the crash coming, he's got the flu right now. So bear housekeeper. We play tonight. Well thank god. At least we got somebody looks good out there. You good look kid that for us. You got a guy's a good good. You better believe it. He's got a better complex in anyway. I bet you want to, you know, you're always talking about the Swedes and all of that. I bet you you take Boria Salming on Leafs right now. He may be 50 years old. He could probably skate up a suit up and play tonight. You know, you're a one guy. The one sweet that always showed up to play every night. He blocked shots. Remember one time he got an awful cut. Remember that cutting got 52 stitches in the face. Come back to the game. You know, I have to admit Boria Salming always turned up to play. I want to try to get you on a campaign on something. Okay. This is gotten I just got to do personal because I became a hockey fan. I never saw hockey game when I was a hockey fan. How do you like that? I was a kid growing up and Rochester right across the lake. And I wasn't a you grew up in Rochester. Damn right. I know Jerry Chevers from Long Before You Ever knew him. I was in the amirks the first game they ever played their sure I did. Holy Dino. I spent 10 years in Rochester. Best time over on Brown, Brown, Compton and your own 181 L. I'm driving. Do you remember that one? I sure do. Beautiful spot. I did not remember. The world comes to Rochester. Wait a specie. He was out to my construction supervisor. That's one of the best cities I've ever lived. One of the greatest places the 10 or 12 days out of the year when I got great weather the rest of the year forget it. But the last 10 or 12 days are paradise. Anyway, I'm a kid. I'm growing up and I'm listening to the radio. It's a big sports fan. I used to be a baseball fan. Listen to Bob Prince on K because up north. You know, you can get the stations from all over the country. And once Saturday night I'm listening to him. I'm here on CBL 740 in Toronto. I'm here this voice and this is what really I'm going to I'm going to crusade on this. Okay. I'm going to see you're the guy can do it. And I hear this voice and it sounds awful exciting. I thought what what is this? It's not a baseball game. It's not the right time of the year for that. What the hell kind of a game is this? And it's a hockey game. It's the Maple Leafs and whatever the hell they're playing. And it's Bill Hewitt. Oh yeah. Don't you hear you better believe it. You saw it just like, oh, you need to. Boy, you're selling moves in. He's got it in the corner. I didn't make that. I'll try to get it. He must find it. There you go. Would Bill Hewitt and Boria sell me. How do you like that? I don't know. Anyway, you got to jump get some library down there. I got a library. But anyway, so I'm listening that I became a big leaf fan because now you know, you said you insulted me right there. You said he sounded like foster. But you didn't even think that. Now listen to me. Foster was a pioneer. Okay. So everybody says, well, foster Hewitt Danny Galler. And now Danny, rest in peace was great. We just lost the mobile. He was terrific with the Canadians. Because I was a leaf fan. So I hated those guys. But he was a great announcer. But foster was the pioneer. He sounded like my grandmother in Heaton. She's been dead for $20. He sounded like his deracle old lady. He was a shrill. He was but Bill Hewitt to me was the most exciting guy that ever announced the hockey game he'd don't get any credit. You guys are always playing these highlights. There's Bill's voice in the back. I know he had some problems and I know but he was an announcer for more than 20 years for the leaves. He's still alive last time we checked. Yeah, he is. And we never hear nothing about him. And I was like, you're right, too. But we tried to get him out a few times. But he lives on a farm now and he wouldn't come on. And he's got some kind of sickness or something. Yeah. He's good at like his dad. In fact, I'll tell you I knew Bill you would be for you. He traveled when I played junior back in 52.53. He traveled all the way west to Winnipeg when we won the Memorial Cup. And he was our announcer back back east of Ontario. So I knew him a long time before you. He was terrific. The only thing I've tried to do, I look at the roster in the hockey hall of fame. And it breaks my heart. I see all these guys are in there. Foster's in there, which of course he belongs in there. And all these are the guys in the hockey hall of fame. And I look where his bill he would name in there. You got to be the one guy that's got the influence while a man is still alive. I don't like this business. You honor a guy after he's dead. What they all good is that going to do while a man is still alive out there. Let's get his name in at hockey hall of fame. You don't know if he ever mentioned this guy. I did color for him. My first year hockey day Canada. He was great. He made that game. Yeah, he made a game. You know, I mentioned it. When I played that those tapes, I get here on a back of my next stand up. I get goosebumps. That's how good he was. He built up the excitement in those games. He was terrific. Well, I don't know what I can do. But you'd be sad to know that nobody even knows he's alive up here. And it's kind of sad. Well, I want you're I'm going to put you on it assignment. Okay. Forget about some idiot assignments. Well, there's a new one for you. Okay. Okay. Now listen and closing. I appreciate you're taking the time to talk to us. But I want you. I've been fun. Listen to you. Well, because I'm the only guy down here and know something about hockey. Remember, thinks he knows something. He's doing his brain wash. He's talking to Brian Marie. Where is he? Come to you guys at the time. Oh, he's talking to Brian Marie. No, guys all day. And he keeps on going. Oh, we're going to make a big deal. I open a paper here. And here's we got Jason Wally. He said, well, he will. I have no way. Sheb bully. Remember that record. The purple people. That's the bully. I know. I think that's the guy that we got. He's going to be suitant up tonight. You down there. You got to like Scott Melon. He's coming. We like Stooie Barnes. We like Melon B. Although this year hasn't done much yet. We got a few guys. We got this fighting. We got you. How lot there is a good kid. We got a few guys. But we got to go out get some scores out there. We got to get some good, uh, ask kick and defensemen out there. Is what we need. I want to put it. What's him? He's tough to get him. He's nice to say. Let's get him. Where you going to get him. You got to give up guys to get him. That's I mean, and you don't have guys. So you got to plug along and have the bees are stopped to plug. Well, he can do that. Guys, that's it. You can do that. And I want to ask you about the leaf. Okay, because the panthers, I go to every game. I'm there. My number two team, but the leaf's all never give them up because 38 years is too long to change your allegiance. That's true. I want to know we got one, you know, they made all these changes, which I think too many to be honest. Yeah. Uh, uh, at least we got 10 different guys on a squad now that we got the right goal, which are like him. He's a good tough, noist player. But what the hell is wrong? We got one line intact. We got Android chuck and Gilmore and Borchewski. Borchewski hasn't scored a goal yet. Douggy Gilmore, who I know is your favorite player. He's a great guy. What's the problem? He must be out of 100%. Well, what happens is he's not he's not getting the quality ice time and it's nobody's fault. What are you going to do this? Ridley kid? I love Ridley. I had it and he can play the game, but Douggy's not the number one guy on the ice taken all the draws and everything right now. They've got a few, they've got let me tell you about the trawler team. They've got it to well, the best goal tenors, maybe the best goal tender in the game. They're defenses a little weak. That's the thing that bothers me. But they've got lots of explosive up front. But you just don't give away guys like the safe, rose, lendal carc, Pearson, tough guys like that and expect they were an awful nasty nasty team to play last year. They're not an nasty team to play now. You got to be nasty in the story says too many pussy's on a team this year. That's what he said. You got it. You got it. He needs some hard-nosed fighters out there. Well, that's what I said. You let me do all the dirty stuff. No, no, I didn't write an hockey name. Get it. I said it the very first show you saw it. And I said, hey, they you know you realize your team, Trota, where the only team that made the final for two years at a row. They were the only team. You think I don't know that? And they will not make it this year. I've got it. Oh, he's still still saying this stuff. I still say they will tear my wet shot. You're tearing my guts out there. Wow, I got it. I could try to throw my favorite. I grew up in Kingston under miles away. They were my favorite team last year. I love a tough team and they're not a tough team now. And I had to say it. He kept it your spots. I mean, you think it is? Think it's thought uncomfortable around the Toronto Maple Leaf Gardens down when I walk in. Yeah. Cliff, I understand they got like a dartboard cliff in the pad. I got you on the dartboard. I got cherries pushed right on there and they're out there. And they're hidden right in the middle from what I understood. Right between the eyes all the time. But you can't pick your spots. You said, River, I remember it was going to get mad at you. You know, picking a spot down there. That's that's okay. He's used to what he's used to. Because the truth that may hurt, but you got to deal with the truth sooner or later. Well, listen, thanks to Median Seahide, Ron Reclayan and Bob Cooltell, Harry to put you up a little bit. Tell him, no more. What is it? Lovely little pad. Lovely little pad. Every game, you know, Gilmore make a nice little behind-the-back past and then Rich chuckle-go in there and stick in there. And there's where watching, every play, there's a lovely little pass from Dougie Gilmore. Come on, tell him to put you up. We're all starting to talk about that and you were going to put his name on a list if you don't watch it. He will never hear that again. You'll never all talk to him and immediately phone to get off that lovely little pad. And don't forget Bill, he would work on that for me. I'll do my best. Thanks a lot, Katie. I'll buy. Talk to you. Bye bye. See, now he said to the Lou. Got to wonder about that cherry net, Harry Neil, cherry and Harriet's starting to rhyme. He's unbelievable. He's my kind of guy, he's a guy with a big mouth, everybody loves him. He wears crazy ties and for those people who don't know who to hell he is, all I can say is. So it's not reasonable for us to be with hell the sock. That's just, and I'm just making that suggestion simply based on the assumption that EDTA testing for it to be performed at all given the record before the court. But I'm just assuming that for the sake of argument before I try to see the issue. Just trying to be practical and just making that a sock. They're working on the sock. Okay, they're trying to clean it right now. 1250, WOD. Remember that thing about the guy with the sock? First off the music. Of course we never started EDTA. Okay, 1254, WOD. They're having a big argument now about the sock and about the evidence and very shEC rhymes with direct the Simpson team DNA experts. Having a big to do here about the sock and you're not missing a damn thing. WOD. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you know the guy I called before asking about the guy works at the Burger King? Yeah. That is a man becoming a woman. Oh, it's a guy and then he's in transit. He is in transit. He's just about there. He's on the way from manhood to ladyhood. Not quite, but he's almost there. And they got the balls to. I say, hats off to them. They got the ball yesterday. Can't fire him. Huh? Maybe they don't want to. Maybe they just have the balls to figure that. So, you know, to eat its own and he's going through a little change. He's feeling the change. Her name is Tanya or his name or whatever. Tanya? I don't know what, uh, he or him. That's a nice manly name. Tanya is in Tanya. Harding can't get much more much over than that. I guess so. Hey, stop picking on Jason Wally. Who is Jason Wally? He's a good player. He's a fenceman, Michigan State. Oh, he's now. Why didn't you tell me that before I talked to Dodd-Cherrys from Michigan State, that's saying to like Brian's Volinsky. Now we're talking about a real man. He's a good player. I hope so. I hope you're right. You're always when we start getting guys from the Detroit Viper. I start getting a real nervous. Well, he played for the capitals for, uh, yeah. He played here 27 games. He had won gold and four assists in three years. That's pretty impressive to me. I don't think he got the ice time because he's got a good shot. He's a good player. And then when Duman Cherry starts telling me that Joesfer Relozo is a good player. I know that Serela's got not only pictures of Roger Nielsen. He's got naked pictures everybody in the league. He got to wonder about that. That was, I mean, that was between that and those lovely little passes. I'm starting to worry about Cherry, too now. Hey, in closing? Yes. Mike Palmon here is God. Okay. See, yeah. Yeah. Here's a guy that has a Mike Palmon here. Fed is Palmon here was okay. He was all right. Maple Leafs. There goes that hockey stuff again. George is just non-plus. Here we go with his sports crap again. We spent a half hour on sports and hockey and all this other crap. And you can't even give those damn seats away. Well, I guess we did smarty pants. And if that kid's Sean is listening her friend from the track, don't go show it up and look in front of Ticket tonight because we gave it away. I didn't hear no phone call, no nothing. And, uh, oh, I'm telling you, these guys that just play it fast and loose. Who needs it? W-Y-O-D. Uh, who's this George? Niel. Niel. Must be, do you want to speak to, it's Sean. Niel. To late now, palmy. I know, buddy. Listen, I'm star. I'll take a rain check. Yeah. You make it up to me? Will I make it up to you? Yeah. Will you make it up to me? That's the question. You're going to have to start sitting a little closer at the track, Sean. Who's at the college Monday or Tuesday? Called me about one. And now they said, what do you do some little boys with young boys with a pantatee? Who was it? Yeah, was that Perry? Just some O-John provocateur. Perry, Perry Mason. Yeah, it was Perry Mason. He's asking a lot of questions. Don't start using people's names on a year now, Sean. Huh? Like Perry Mason? Perry Mason? How do I know who that was? Just some trouble, maker. Just somebody trying to like paint an ugly picture. So, probably some priest getting jealous. A lot of people don't like you, Niel. Yeah, and you know something, I'm delighted about that. How come am I going to wait a half an hour to get through on the phone? Because we're doing screenless today. Oh, okay. Oh, I never gave it. Well, you weren't going to go anyway. Were you? Well, I was thinking about it. Yeah, well, you want to go to a better game anyway. We'll get you tickets for a better. All right. How about the Rangers? Ranger game? If we ever get it out, see the Ranger be a tough ticket. We'll see you have to see what Bob Greene's deal is on that. Straight them out, Niel. I'm trying. I see you, you made it come. A lot of people don't like me. You know, I see he, we were, but now Sean comes to the track. Sit's up there to table with his loses his brains just like I do. And his fat rates, you were telling me the other night, everybody at the track loves right now. He's a good friend of mine. He's a great guy. Just he's full of crap. Okay. That's the only problem. Everybody's got a problem. Rich is problem is he's full of crap. And he wants everybody up there wants to be the center of attraction. I don't want to be the center of attraction up there. I want to sit at the table relax, lose in peace. And that's it. And if people hate my guts, I feel I must be doing something right. The only way to be, I guess. There you go. Well, take care, Niel. Okay. And I will talk to you soon. I guess me Thursday. Thursday. You'll be there, right? It's a track. Yeah. We'll be there. You got nothing else to do. That's there. One chance. Thursday. Okay. We'll see. It's a day. It's a day. All right. Yeah. Okay. They're Sean. So anyway, we got it all straightened out. Yeah. Yeah. He's a soliciting is recruiting those young guys on the air again. Yeah. Right. Okay. I'll tell you all the action that I've gotten from beyond any, oh, and his matter of fact, being on the air. Today is the 15th of February that means like 13th is sure much. You realize less than two weeks is my 19th anniversary on here in Miami. March the first. March the first is 19 years on here in Miami. I save everybody out there since we are $100 for each year that I've been on here. It's 1900 times what we got 200 listeners. Not bad. Who's that on the bat line? Stefan, you Lincoln. Who is it? Hello. Who's this? Is this Stefan, you Lincoln? Oh, Stefania. Yeah. How are you doing, Stefania? Good. How are you? Great. Well, I wanted to say goodbye. I'm leaving tomorrow morning to Vegas. Right. I'm moving out there. I know. Well, jealous. And I just wanted to thank you for the last time when we all went out in June for introduced me to Vegas. I mean, it was so great. I'm moving there. See, this is this is the ultimate testimonial. She had never been there before in her life. She comes out on trip and of course, Bob is her dad and comes out with us and falls in love with it and she's taking a job out there and living there. Absolutely. The ultimate tribute. What will be looking forward to seeing it there and maybe you'll have everything. I'm sure you'll be there at the time. Everything ready for it. Everything in place for us this time. It'll be great. Good luck. Well, thank you so much. Have a great time. You too, bye. Boy, are we? What is that? What is going on in here with this thing, George? Hit it again and again. Oh, God. So anyway, like I started to say, we're having a whale of a time here today. That Don Sherry Man, a bet you never had an interview quite like that one before. We'll be here at about that from Jeff Remer. The radio station that fired Larry King, news talking entertainment radio, 16 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale. Condom rapist, stays put. Good afternoon. At one o'clock on Jennifer Ram, 610 WIOD news brought to you by South Florida Ford. If get tough Florida lawmakers keep their promises 23-year-old Wilbur Leigh Roy Mitchell will spend the rest of his life in prison. Hey, man, this guy! I'm out! I like it. I like it. I like it. News talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show. To talk with Neal, call 751 WIOD in date. 524 WIOD in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free. 1-800-944-WIOD. It's a one-cust murskin call pound IOD at No Charge. Now, the Neal Rogers Show, a news talking entertainment radio, 16 WIOD. The wildest two-hours. The unexplored thing, the lion King, and the they won't go away. The lion King has gone too far, he's even on a can leave all this up, like captain everything. News pushing fries at Burger King. The lion King is on everything, cos Disney on the right. The silence stopped at the news this breathed at the traffic side upside. The low-low zone on every dress has even all like all that crisps this one, plus and the frame of the taking cash from me and you. Oh my book is my empty pockets, my wallet's feeling light. The kids are happy, but I feel crappy, cos I'll be broke tonight. So, what other exercise says they can know the defense can go ahead and send all this stuff for testing out a state to Albany, New York. I hate to tell you it's not Albany number one, and he says there will be unbelievable sanctions against the defense. Is there any of these items be lost? How do you like that? I don't expect anything will be accepted, but I just want to advise the court. He can come and ask me for a good cause exception to the court tour. Thank you very much, Captain. Yeah, now we're going to have anybody on a witness day in the days, they're going to be any testimony of any significance or we're just going to be fodging around or anything else before we get to the court. Or to see followed lead well, Professor Rossi, can you be funded dance with? All right, they be here, can you just have the jury please? Oh here we go, Brandon and Jerry, somebody's maybe going to testify. We'll keep our eye on it for you. Meantown, we're doing screenless W-I-O-D. State of Forecast is B-W-I-O-D. Yeah, I'm talking to Neil. Speaking. Neil, listen. Yes. You're a semi-intelligent person. I can't believe that you think O-J is guilty. I mean, I'm a lost dude in St. Augustine. You can't believe that I think he's going to others. I'm the only one? Yes. I'm the only one. The overwhelming majority of white Americans and every poll that's been taken believes that he's guilty, but I'm the only one and therefore I'm stupid. Neil, the facts, speak to them so I mean, this guy had everything going for him. Yeah. And he goes often tells his wife. And that's why he was stalking her all the time. But you see, you're going to be one of the most naive people I've ever talked to in my life. Like he's like, he caused they had everything going for him. Therefore, that means that they have, that there's all this voice, his wife had a front. Oh, he had a voice, there for we never killed anybody, right like to menend his brothers, when everything going for them. Ladies, is the menend as brothers put into this subject? I mean, that's totally different. No, it's not a different story. The fact that people have a lot of money. That means that they don't do aberrant things, that they don't have wild temperas, which he's already proven that he had, that he was beaten the crap out of his wife. Maybe even the first wife? The guy was an American. You live in a dream world. You're a serious two-artue. The guy was an American hero. He was an American hero. You're a jackass. I would even wait, and this kid goes to where? He goes to BCC, is that what he said? To brain dead, CCC? Right. He was an American hero, therefore he couldn't do it. Just like Richard Nixon, just like that thick. He couldn't commit a crime because he was an American hero. He was a football god damn player. How do you like that? Just like jungle, jim or a Vera, and any wait kids, they couldn't rape those women. They were baseball players. They were Darth, baby, and fatty, arvacul. And at them, they're all strawberry. He couldn't be doing no drug, and Dwight couldn't the same thing. It's a racial thing. That must be it. Because they were superstars. They were heroes. Youngsters, all over America, looked up to them, rubbed their baseball cards. Sawed out their autographs. And we know that because they were American heroes, they could have done no wrong. Sir, you could be the dumbest god damn person I've ever smoked in, smoked in in my life. I'm smoking right now, just thinking about it. He's probably smoking before the call. That's the problem. Anything good? W-I-O-T. New. Yes, sir. O-J-E-E-Z-J-T. No. Like I said. You're not another dumb guy. You don't want to be called another dumb guy. Like I just got called. A kill in the call. That'll hit him. I kill in the call. That is he is. He's totally killed. The aim when he does not see through that BS is, is, he's an idiot. They really are. And the only people in America, the only people in America, I mean, let's just take a look at the defense. Okay, the guy makes the opening statement. And right away, he starts out with all this balloony about this purchase woman. They have to manufacture all these alabies. First, it was O-J was sleeping that night. Then now he was out there slamming a few golf balls around, or somebody's balls like Ron Goldman. And now we find these wild, crazy people that are test to finally saw the virgin Mary walking out of the street with a dog. I mean, they got no defense at all, man. Yeah, he is none. He is the world's greatest. He was talking to her. He was threatening the kill everybody that came anywhere near her. And this Jack has because he had a roll's rise. He had everything going for him. Therefore, he would never come in a crime. Right. O-J-T-E-Z-J-T. When the academy award. Exactly. The best fact. And if I have to hear any more about that pulp fiction, I'm going to puke. I'll clear that right now. All right. Yeah, that's all I got in the military. Have a great life. OK. pulp fiction, my ass. Don't be in the stand that I would jump in front of a bullet from the coal. All right. Did you? He did. So anyway, yeah, and of course that forest gum. I didn't see either one of them. And I've seen all the crap the last couple days. Forest gum. I mean, Tom Hanks, that to me right there, is the definitive story of Tom Hanks. He's just a total zero as a human being. And I just, I don't want to see from forest gum. And as far as pulp fiction is concerned, I did see all the low lights and the highlights. And they said it was one of the most gratuitously violent movies. With absolutely no plot, no set. And I made no rhyme or reason. Just a lot of blood and guts and guts and gratuitous sex sounds good to me. That's wrong with that. I say, you're all the awards. And let's talk about something else, Phil. I'm sorry. Thank you so much, Jennifer. Oh, my God. A group of men who were fired by Blockbuster and were ready to take it for wearing long hair at filed discrimination charges against the company. Oh, Kenneth Harper, 28, Abraham, Del Carmen, 23, Brian Russell, 20, and Daniel Gomez, 21, filed a formal charges of discrimination in the workplace, with a Florida Department of Human Relations. The state agency that investigates such complaints, stating that the work were adopted by Blockbuster, which baldbuster, which prohibits been from wearing here, below the shirt collar, discriminates on the basis of sex, as in are they getting any? The work rule adopted by the company on June 1, 1994 applies to men only. The charges are the first that, before the men can proceed, to the federal courts on their claims of discrimination, said the returning Miami-Solar Rights Lawyer, Brent Clark, oh, get a Brett, sue their ass, billions of dollars for these guys and I get half. All right. One, 13 at WIOD, by the way. 16, WIOD, tan, tone, and oiled for South Florida, a kill in the cold, a kill in the cold. Trust me. Oh, yeah. Whatever you're gonna, why didn't you leave the bloody ground? And what were you thinking of, okay? And you almost got away all dead, instead of driving around the freeway, you should have been off-road city in their way. Oh, your friends call you, you. They say, oh, yeah, they're taking care of you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, yeah. Man, you could play. Are you? I used to watch you, but then I called you. Now you walk around the echo, oh, yeah, yeah. You're on a two-day time. Are you sure? I remember to leave when you're back to the corner, or you'll be walking right, and they're doing it all the way. Oh, gee. Jesus, good old with that, ready? Okay, it's getting ponderous, as you know. I like watch commander on duties. I see, they're over at sidebar again. I got all the experts on their fill-in time. I'm telling you, not missing a thing. I have my swear across my heart, and hope to a die on Don Cherry's grave. I mean, there's just no way in the world. I'm gonna let you miss anything important on this trial. It's only gonna be going on for the next 20 or 30, or 40 months, and I'll worry about it. But they're just ain't nothing going on. Wait till you hear the elatist in this news release, about the hair and the blockbuster. The last paragraph says, in response to the controversy over this hair policy, blockbuster spokesperson George Johnson claimed, wait till you hear this, he claims that customers feel threatened by men with long hair, whom he described as different than the norm. You know, that's not of a bitch Wayne Heizenga. I am just, I am so aggravated, so disgusted. They're different than the norm George. Jesus Christ has a lot of hair. Here's your hair, Scott. Do you speak? We say it long hair, you're free. We need not a flower. I have normal freak, while I speak. I feel the moment or my cool, when it's tears and guard, while it says you look like a glass who's been a young man and I won't do. I hope to keep my jacket in the house, and I feel I'm saying it through. Find signs, find signs, find signs, find a pursuit, rode in my mind. Do this, don't do that, we, find signs. In the wings, in all press quarters, we'll define on that. While I jump to the penthouse, feel the doubt it. When you really fight, hold your foot up the fan, as you keep the ball of keep on him, sit in, and I feel the moment or your cool face, say, man, it's some kind of hole. Find signs, find signs, find signs, find a pursuit, rode in my mind. Do this, don't do that, we, find signs. Oh, in all this, I can't you breathe, you can't lose you will be full, so breathe, you should talk in tire ski. What, we, suppose you can, we're, drink, we're along, yeah, yeah. And the wings, says you've got a howl, man, it's a cause, and ran a team, tear out. I know I already have. I hope you do this soon, too. You know, wings, isn't everybody welcome, come in, watch my things play, but sorry boy, you suck, you're right, now I don't come in begging, but I got my whole free little, can I make my whole boy come, you won't see a load of down with me, get out, see the things that shine, you can't make them shine. And my life, always in my mind, a little bit brings back to your beautiful life. yeah. but wait a second. We won't have wyou run away this second, . plus you won't wonder wrong. this is never. If you sprintheavy back rew Thanksgiving river lip, where I thought I, cough some P. not that we're looking, but Quantals still signing players from that kind decision is to It's not a goddamn library. It's a music store. Damn it. It says there's no word from Viacom, which is bought out of the blockbuster. If the blockbuster policy, which is believed to have resulted in hundreds of men being thrown out of work would have made it a perfect, but it'd better damn that well not. How do you like that? You got long hair, you're out. We know the whole story, and now they're going back in their fight and in court. And they're going to win like billions of dollars against Wayne, because see, the suit is not against Viacom, the suit is against obviously Blockbuster and Wayne, who are responsible at the time. And they're going to have to cough up some real big cash. Then he won't be afforded by us any real players. One twenty-two, we sure don't want Yarmor Yager on the Panthers band, because he's got long freaky hair. I really think that Randy Moller was a guy that really woke the penguins up in this game early on, too, and it was a very physical game. And a lot to do with it. The penguins have played on those terms, too. Here's Robert's eye. The wolf's saying, Wilson, back at behind the bat. The Yager being pressured by Gordon Murphy, who's Murphy knocks him down and Stubborn takes the fight. Lost it. It comes the Yager in front. It's a good one. He shoots in scars. Yarmor Yager puts a five-and-bees-rock into the pairs of Elvis. As you just left the film. Yarmor Yager. When that real long freaky hair in that strange, your barbie-dald postman, he could never play for the Panthers, because he wants too much money, not the hair. To WIOD, more fans than Wade, and a better complexion. Yes, there he did. You now know it's false, don't you? Yes. Okay. So Anthony, because he's the first time that's been brought to you, I take into the stand-ins. The view was somewhat cursory. He has probably some. Okay. Yeah. So what difference is the make-up to our top left? Maybe the same answer you didn't expect. He's firm with. Would be wrong, wouldn't it? Possibly. It's not my job to review the crime scene laughs, or that goes into the objectives. I thought you did review. I looked at it. But because it was not your job, you didn't look at it carefully, is that what you're telling? I didn't scrutinize it. No. Okay. Now, when Officer Risky called you, he's... He's a business. I took it if you did not know the time. See, now it gets back to this boring stuff. I was always doing a stand-in-a-dust particular cop. Who that wasn't his job anyway? Didn't review the whole thing and how long everybody was there, and who was doing what to whom? And it's a Pandris. Okay, let's do a Brower, W.I.O.D. Hi, this is Judge Eto. When caught not in session, me and O.J. Listen to Neil Rajas. All right. Here come to Judge. W.I.O.D. Neil. Yes. How you doing? Okay. I was just wondering, like, when people are going to be tired for one thing, and talking about this Neil trial. Excuse me. The Neil trial, yeah. The Neil trial, yeah. Yo, J.T. Yo. I think they'd like to give me the gas right now, tomato fans. No, no. There you go. I like to talk about some little more. Yeah, let's get out. Well, you notice I'm not putting a lot of this stuff on because it's boring, and anybody that thinks I'm going to just throw away the whole show, so that you're definitely bailing, you're the coolest, and you're the son of his own voice. I know. Get it. It's Pandris. Just fry his ass already, and let's get on with something more. It's about three years anyway. Let's get on with one. And you notice that's a jury. We know what they're excited about. They petitioned the judge before the weekend, that they want to see all the episodes of Melrose placed that they missed. And they want to know seriously, and they want to have facilities to make sure that on the night's that it shows, they get to copy of it, show to them. Melrose placed, and most of these are black jurors, too, by the way, does that tell you what's wrong with America? Sort of. Go on. That's part of the problem. Melrose placed. Melrose, it's a hell of a show, though. Yeah, there you go. Okay, anyway. I want to let you know that because of you, I have to thank you because, after tomorrow, I'm going to be in Vegas. Great. And guess who I'm going through. Bob Lincoln. Bob Lincoln. Bob Lincoln, you're going through all my head. So you got to go through. I hear, you know, he told us he's going to be there this week. He is. And he wants to hang out with it. There you go. So we're going to get together sometimes. We can't. We don't have a great time. You'll be drunk as a skunk man. When you hang out with him. Yeah, I hope we get to gamble a little too long. Oh, there. Now, how old are you? 23. 23. Ligolates is 21 of them. Oh, God. You know, I have a great time. I have a friend who ranges whole trip through Bob Lincoln. Right. He, uh, why, he was asking about sort of these ranges he wants to go to. All he's out there, though. I don't know. I don't know. Maybe you knew the little information about people's gone to him, but, uh, you know, you reckon, you know, anything about this, things are. Do you ever heard that saying they have a great time down on a ranch? Yeah. You'll have a great time. Oh, God. Hope so. Okay. Can I call a couple of people do you spend for a group? Take protection. Yes. All right. Andrew, Rafa, and Spicky Ricky. You're all want to do Span. Okay. Have a great time. So he says you're a douchebag and you're the 20 just said. So he must know you're pretty well. 130 at WODD. What's his name? Fat Highboy with that check. I wanted to be. He said he hadn't. He's got it in his hand. Jeff high has got the $2500 check. Andy, come in here and do something constructive. Well, it's out of honor already around, but it's kind of fun. Uh, saving you stand like on a step ladder and change that thing for us. I'll end it up on here to make sure we get the right total. Our final total. It took a long time. We had to make physical death threats to a Denise Potfant. If you hear the things that Don Cherie had to say about her, by the way, that was pretty amusing. 108,197. See that looks better than that total right there. 108,197. The absolute positive final total for our center one campaign. Thank you, profusely, so much. And then he's Potfant came through under penalty of death and a lot of heavy urging in the deep stretch. WOD. Yeah, hi. I want to tell you a little bit. Speaking. Yes, ma'am. Okay. I just want to let you know about how to take it. Some of my husband and I have season tickets. Thanks, Andy. Uh, we did get our season tickets for the replacement game. Yeah. I got to take it to the mail yesterday. All right, so I don't know if they did invite section or if they did it in my last name. Some of the words they are in the prime process. Yeah. Well, I would agree, but it gets fast over here by the moment. Oh, he did call to say what? Say that he's expecting the money data. Any day now? The game is Tuesday. That line about any day now. That's like saying the check is in the mail. Yeah. We've all heard that before. Well, that's good news. At least maybe they're starting to do something. We said we could just do your left room section 123. Right. So I guess I don't know if they do it by section or you know, or what way they do it, but they're on the way. Great. Thanks for the good news. See you tonight. Bye. Okay. There you go. Rest easy. You guys or not is the case. Maybe she got them in the rest of us are going to get shine. That could be it. Maybe Wayne kind of stuck his nose this thing. Well, where's Rogers? What what name are those tickets in? And it's see it would be very nice if we did have the tickets in our own name. Would be nice. I mean, even the station, but it's all kind of a woody, grayber thing. And once it's in woody sands, you know, you never really sure if he's going to I wanted to say exactly. It's coming any day. That's what Kathy Willett said too. W-I-O-D. Yeah. You got any young boys, buddy. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. Yeah. How you doing? Yeah. I was sure a lot of response to that Don Sherry interview, which is overwhelming. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I don't want to talk a little hockey here. Yeah. I saw Yager last friend had a hat trick. Yes, sir. Great game. I wanted enough. Has there ever been any Panthers that have had trick? No. That's none. I don't think so. Okay. I don't recall any. Thank you. See ya. Anybody on a Panthers ever got a hat trick? I did not believe so. But what's a big deal? And while just take your hat to the just take your little baseball cap, your little beanie, your yaw muck out there, just in case. Tonight could be night. We're playing a pretty weak team there. Ottawa. We could wind up putting that game like nine to four or something like that. So maybe steward barns get the hat trick. It's a little something out there on the ice. Or maybe just bring a couple of octopuses. I've always wondered about that. You know, and Detroit, they've been doing that for years. What somebody gets a hat trick and said throw in a hat out on the ice. They throw these little octopi. Octopuses. And where do you buy an octopus? And not only that. But how do you sneak him into the arena? In a jola was Serena. How do they get him in there? Is it block bag? In a pretty damn big zip lock bag. Seriously, where do you would you buy? A seafood shop. A seafood shop. You can buy an octopi? Shriss, squid. Oh, that's stuff. And then the thing in Detroit that they're so proud of because they have so much experience they've been doing it for years there is that when they put them on the ice there instead of like last a couple of years ago when they tried to run on a playoffs and some of the tried fans threw it on the ice in Toronto and they went out with the shovel and picked it off the ice, which is what I would do. But in Detroit, they're the real macho man in Detroit. They go out there and they pick them up with their hands off the ice. And the octopus two. One thirty four at WIOD. Look Stan, WIOD. More fun than waxing your bikini line. This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions? This is your brain. And this is drugs. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain on drugs with two strips of bacon. This is your brain on drugs with a pound of brown beans, a can of crushed tomatoes, a half cup of milk and a bellies. This is your brain on drugs with a street crew working in the next brain. And this is your brain on drugs when you've lifted on the stove to vomit and it goes the kitchen fire that's spread to the neighborhood of your brain. Any questions? The partnership for a brain free America. I think we already got it. One thirty seven at WIOD. Here's the fact that it says absolutely incorrect sir. Paul Fiction was great. No plot? No way. The only people I know who saw the movie and didn't like it were old-farts, prudes or civilins. Great movie. No crap. It says. I do like that. Paul Fiction. And I can't stand it because John Travolta was in a number one. That eliminates it immediately from consideration. I also think that Bruce Willis was in it. Was Bruce Willis in? Oh John Revolta and Bruce Willis together again in stereo. That's more than I could have had on a bad day. I'd rather watch Can'tty Willis do it with a frog. WIOD. WIOD. WIOD. On a US flag, a wavy tanker in the WIOD. WIOD. I want my hockey. WIOD. Me, oh. Yes. How are you today? Uh, I've been listening to your O.J. coverage. I think we're missing the boat here. Yeah. I want to see Colin Ferguson on trial on TV. I think that's entertaining. It is very entertaining. And of course I understand yesterday, I feel that the number we're Colin was across examining himself and hopping back and forth from a witness stand. Oh man, I missed it. And I missed that too, but I understand it was very entertaining. Oh man. Do you know if you're going to show it? Do you know if that court TV station is showing any of that? Oh, they absolutely are. Oh man. Our cable stinks. Yeah. Yeah. There's no court TV on this cable here either. Thank God for that satellite dish. Real nice. As in F36 on a satellite. I see. Well, just wanted to say that. You have a great day. And you too. Okay. Okay. Screenless ones that hear we've read a bit of smoke and man and Marsha Clark stayed in there pushing her here, let's put around a little bit. And that that chunker on her upper lip now is moved down to her bottom lip. And it seems to be on a way to work. Leave it. Any minute. Wiod. I think I killed the call. W1st. Wiod. What a talk to meal. Speaking. Meal. Yes. Hey, Nancy does a pee piece about the. Wiod. Yes. How are you? Okay. Great. Great interview with Mr. Cherry. Oh, that there's actually somebody here that actually heard the interview. No, who he is. And is responding to it. This is a first sir. I was smiling from the interview. I'll drive you down on 95. I think we had a pretty good time for a couple of old-farts reminiscing about what it's all about. And I don't think he ever had an interview quite like that one before. The thing about one, he did, which is a real real switch. But. Yeah. Well, I told him this wasn't going to be one of those Ron McLean puff pieces that he's used to. This was going to be a little different kind of a thing. But it was great. I was, I've enjoyed it thoroughly. Then I think that all he fans, now with a satellite, this you're going to be listening. Very carefully to see if Harry Neil ever ever says again a lovely little pass. He says that he always says that. A lovely little pass. I was there before. And even I'm embarrassed by that. Yeah. That's excellent. There was one of the best. And well, the show. Okay. Thank you. See you. A call on the John Cherry interview man. Oh, right. Yeah. The only cherry. These guys want to hear about. Oh, I'm sorry. And speaking of her, don't forget in that in O'Cherry, trust me. Ah, ah, ah, ah. Where's that seal? Tonight, he's got our squeal of approval. She got Randy Weston that's tonight. And then she's got Kathy Willetson next Tuesday, which is really embarrassing. And then she's got that jungle timber vera, whatever that guy's name that Alex is bringing in that stripper guy. See a lot of guests on that show all of a sudden. That's the deal. Starting to have a lot of guests on that program. And we had Don Cherry on the phone today for like 20 minutes, which I found very entertaining and enjoyable. So maybe we ought to have like a lot of guests on this show, but I sure is held out at Wild. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes, it is. How you doing? I'm doing good. How you doing? I want to talk about, can we have an intelligent conversation? I doubt it based on what I'm hearing so far. What is it about? I want to talk about the ZOJ Simpson trial. Yeah. You know, everybody's calling, sucking up to you about his guilty. You're not there giving a opinion is what they're doing. I'm not sucking up with anybody. All right. You got to believe that he's guilty is what I got to believe. I got to believe because you're a black, you assume that he's not. How you think I'm black? Because it sounds to me like you're awful black. I am black. Are you dark black or just like kind of like, like real dark? Real dark. Okay. How did you not have an imposter like Michael Jackson? No, no. Oh, and speaking of Michael Jackson. Or Julian Bonny. He wants it to get on the bandwagon on this one. I think he's after I think he's after OJ's kid is what I think. That's what he wants. That's just like Ed and thought through. He wants a little piece of that act. I'm Tonya. Look out for that little bastard that Michael Jackson. Yeah, you got to watch him coast. Yeah. Listen, you got this woman, the prosecution, that's not really up on the game here. And you got to, uh, she's not in the game. Not she's not part of the game. She's lost. She's out of the never never learned from where. I don't know. Man is said that she was a tight end. I don't know what he meant by that. You ought to know. I give a bye. You jack down. I know his tight ends man. Trust me. He used to be one. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. See, he's laughing about. He knows it's all up on Chacrap. Here's Sergeant David Rossi. His brother Martini will be on her in just a second. And they're going to be drinking up a storm with the judge. He just says, let's go back in chambers and get slashed. What do you say about that? Okay. How about some sukiyaki? Yeah, this little judge man. I wouldn't trust him with a dime. I guarantee you that. Next thing you know, they'd be building another guy damn bomb to drop on Pearl Harbor. W-I-O-D or safety harbor. Hello? W-I-O-D. There was J-Rookee. Hello? Hey, hey, hey, hey. The bomb's really hot. I might be nearby. W-I-O-D. Don't cherry kill the coal. Okay. W-I believe it. W-I-O-D. Yeah, I'm going to commercial you guys. Well, if you put it in the oven, it gets hot, George. Yes? Yeah, you got to start a commercial about male impotent. Yes? Yes? What can we do? What can we do with this voice you're doing now? What can we do with this? That's just a real voice. That's your real voice? Yeah, man. You're not related to Brian Murray or the Panthers are you? No, no, no. Maybe we can get like a group discount, like on a speech therapist for you guys. Got it. No, no, but the idea we give this old fart is like new 13 year old girl, Bergen. Okay. And you got to solve? When you're done with them? Yeah. Okay. And of course when you're done with them, they'll still be virgin. So that says it all right there. He said, yeah, just being a greable, I guess. Anyway, we've had one hell of a day here. I think we're going home early. Just fill know that. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. Can I make a request, Neil? Sure. That's that, that's what we're facing. We're facing, yeah. That's the most, that's the most species thing I've ever heard in my life. But we're all facing. Okay. Okay. I played that just yesterday, but you can never play that enough. Now, we found out yesterday that was Mark Grace of the Cubs, who's out did that? Or J.R. Grace. J.R. Youwing? Is that who it was? It was J.R. Grace. Remember the Grace report years ago that Ultra Right Wing craft that they put out to try to, you know, all the Ultra Right Wingers put it out because they were geniuses like the guy that was making a speech. And that was him, J.R. Grace. Mark Mark. J.R. Everybody. Peter, who's for abortion was at one time themselves at PC. So. And that's in closed all of you out there. You're one of the species. So we thank you Mr. President. And now, in a will be served. All right. Yeah. Okay. 144. Yeah. J.R. Hoover. J.R. Edgar Hoover. Is that what I was? W.I. would need the purple line. Hey, you can deal. Yes, sir. The base of question that baseball comes back together and it's the escape players. Yeah. Can we get some stab and answers for the TV because I don't think I can stand one. We've already got him. We've got to come to two. We got to two biggest stab and answers in history man. Those those be the worst. I mean, they all would just get up and like a belly slam. I mean, tell that. I think that'd be a little bit more. Don't you realize what justice it is that J.R. Randolph and Gary Carter should be doing scan players that it would fit. I think they're like embed with each other. Okay. All right. See ya. Oh, man. I'll be punished. Hello. A little bit of that stole it. Nio water does it every time. W.I. would be. All right. Yeah, but wait a minute. Okay. W.I. would be. Yeah. Bring back P.P. from Pemberk Pines. Okay. Go find him. Go work on him. W.I. would be. Hey, Nio. You're going to be the game tonight. Yes, sir. All right. Thanks to you. I'm a hockey fanatic myself. All right. Uh, this is the game we better win tonight. No mug get around. Yeah. Hey, something to choke on. I'm talking on it. I'm talking on the remnants of a bad cigar. What kind of smoke? A cheap garcher Vega. Oh, you got to try to slap him to cigarette sir better. Okay. All right. See ya. Yeah. There's nothing like a woman with a nice big stogi in her post. That's a real sexy thing to look at. Watch your life set it on fire. 146. W.I. would do you? No rap. No hard rock. No wimpy elevator music. Because we got better things to do than play the same old songs over and over. 166. W.I.O.D. You're a best. What coffee, Mike? Thanks, Gloria. Gee, your on-claves is a lot more ethnicic clean than mine. Thanks. You know, I tried something new. Really? Yes. You outre syrup for powerful ethnic cleansing. Nothing else even comes close. Serb. Mm-hmm. But that's been around for years. I know. But it's been reformulated for extra cleaning power. Not even the U.N. can stand up for the wall up. Just a ton of all. Mm. Then I ought to try ultra-serve for my tough ethnic cleansing problems. When you put the concentrated rifle power of ultra-serve up against anything else, it's no context. I think I will have more coffee, Gloria. Ultra-serve. For real ethnic cleansing. Anything else? Yeah. With a washout. Oh, washout. Okay. 149. So anyway, fat boy comes in here. Bring me that check from the Nespot fans from the guy that got the hockey pads. Thank you. That's official. The final center one. Total. It only took us two extra weeks. 108,000, 197. And he brings me from Brent. And how do you like this? Brent gave Potwell two shirts. One for me and one for George. Last week. That's a game on. You know, they knew the hockey thing. We never got him. I'm going to tell you something, Larry. Potwell. You may think you're working over it. She's still. You're in a boy with you ought to be back there. Because that's a good place for it. Tate like 10 actually and all the real bush leaders, which we are much better. But I'm going to tell you something. You're not going to play fast and lose with our guy damn shirts whereas the merchandise podcast, you putvacker, you phone it, you妳's slime ball, you sleeves bag, you pinstripped, suit wearing idiot. So anyway, Brent. So anyway. Brent sends over look, a look at this. That says hockey is life, I'm going to wear this to the game tonight. Octi is life. And it's got two big hockey pocks and underneath it says The rest is just details. That's a beautiful thing. And also we got for tomorrow. Here's a big tease for tomorrow. If Randy West isn't enough to get everybody We look excited tonight. I'm sure he's not God. I hope he not hope not. We really desperate Tomorrow we got 30 copies and in fact we're all gonna have a bunch of copies written suds and fill in yours truly We have 30 copies of the sports illustrated annual swimsuit issue and also we have 10 posters of the cover look at that Is she soaking wet or what? She ain't wearing too much that blonde from the front cover. What is her name? What's your name, George? Danielle. Danielle. See Victor had his name over the thing. His hand over it. Victor had his hand over her thing. Okay, which is about as close as he'll ever get. Trust me But anyway, we will have 10 posters of Danielle are from the cover big blown up so to speak and 30 issues of the support now Or nearly Victor brings in magazines. We couldn't get him away if we put a hundred dollar bill at each one If we put a thousand dollar bill at each one, but these I have a feeling tomorrow will be a feeling the mail very soon and the postoff orifice too W-I-O-D mail. Yes, sir. How you doing great? You know, I thought you guys were like poking fun at these French Canadians and stuff How they drive and all that yeah until I got stuck behind one yesterday Man this couldn't pick a lane She was gonna probably couldn't even pick a nose Bitch going 25 miles an hour so then I like you know I speed up and I go to pass her and she's flipping me off Smelly bitch exactly. Yeah, I call someone to do speck Parley Voodle go back where they came from go ahead sir. It stopped picking bots, but okay. Thanks W-I-O-D hello W-I-O-D yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I've been calling you I heard your interview with Donald Sherry from Mendus Yes, sir, and I'd like to see I hopefully we can get down on my way for only a couple times from medicine had right? I'd like to maybe get down and see you at the boss and game there and Friday I'll be there. Yeah the other thing. How come you don't have any good mountains down here for hockey these guys are brutal You're gonna attack Jeff Rimmer? Well, he's not too bad. Please not too bad. He's okay. He's pretty good Some matter of fact if we don't say it's pretty good. I'll get a phone call when I get home He'll be crying on the phone. He's very emotional a very sensitive guy. Be crying into his mustache He does a nice job. He's unfortunately settled with that big mouth that he's potpand over there Which he can't help but the guy in the radio is the worst I've ever heard in my life I said the other day I said the panthers should make a trade they should trade Chris more to the Bruins for friend Cusik I wish they do something like you see here at competition that W whatever QAM the worst they give you a five minute post game show Yeah, and the guy they're brutal like Because they know how they're booted. That's the problem. They don't know what they're talking about. I guess maybe that's it. I don't know. I Cool us they should get Can't think though. Joe Bowen. We're getting Joe Bowen and Harry Neal coming down With any luck with a lovely little pass a great have a great day pal. I can see you there Okay, there's our friends from medicine had a we got a lot of good connects down here those are the ones who speak at English and don't drive real slow And they got the Ontario plates. They're okay some of them a few but boy those frogs man was those Quebec plates Those Quebecers rhymes with Wild Wild Yeah, sir. Hey, I'm driving along here looking to this Orlando newspaper. Yes an article in here X all the boys says Orlando priest abused me Can I read the tree real quick sure okay Father oh, I know that no, I mean that's the one we hate yesterday about the guy in ultimates brings or something But did they give us Is that kind of what I said before but a little bit more diplomatically than he said the guy's name was father bed dick them He what he wanted to live up to his name, okay? He said just Some people don't understand subtlety He said father old tool I See no matter how I want to put this I can't say it No matter how I put it It just comes out like real bad W W I that's what he said Wild Hello Right I know Wild Yes, sir It is sounds like me How you doing okay? All right, did you be get by your baseball ticket yet? Oh, yeah, I'm gonna go out and buy a dozen today season tickets Look at peace get out of here Wild Yo Wild Wild Witty-wacker peck Wild Niel yes, how you doing great. I've got a special request. Okay Is that really Aaron from our slapping over and over? Yes, it is that is the funniest thing I have ever heard in a lot Okay, thanks me a lot. Watch out for that train squid a seal love you Here's Johnny darken here is getting very nervous about that format change on the coast Yeah, that's what they're gonna be doing here pretty soon. It's better. Fwild hello Can I get on with me? Oh, you're on right now sir. Oh, sorry. I didn't recognize the voice. Don't be sorry I just want to call all the guys and you're a long-grain dovatory They're all bunch of washroom all loving butt-finging. Where's that? That's house beach no less. Where's it? It's house beach a dormitory of one oh my god like I said a bunch of rustling all loving butt-finging douchebags That says it all. Thanks. Thanks. Wild Wild that was rush right there. Wild Hi, um is this Neil? Yes, man. Hi Neil this is a friend in Margate I heard on the radio a few days ago that you have a charter that goes to Las Vegas and I was wondering how I can get a little more information We're putting together a package we did last year and we're gonna do it again this year. It's gonna leave on May 18th Uh-huh a Thursday night yeah, get there about eight nine o'clock Vegas time right? Spent Thursday night Friday Saturday come back on Sunday And where do you say and we stay there gonna be a choice of three depending on how much you want to pay Imperial Palace Caesars or the Rio Rio Grand Suits Oh, I think I don't like familiar with Caesar's there the other two are you? On the Piero Palace is right across the street. We were there last year and it was great and the Rio Suits is just like behind Seasons the next block down and fantastic. Oh, it is great If you want to talk to Bob Lincoln about it because he's leaving tomorrow you can call him today. Yeah, what's his number there? 947 Oh, you're in Broward. I'm in Broward. What's that toll free number? George 18003 7264 233 7264 7264 1800 Okay, okay, okay, thanks a lot. You bad. Bye Yeah, we're leaving on a Thursday night May 18th we're putting all the final touches on this Bob and his daughter like you heard before She's going out there to stay to work there and he's going out there allegedly of course to take her out there and help her get the Acclamated but he's just looking for another a good way to go out there and have a great time Which is what it's all about and he'll set up all the final detail so it about 10 days We're gonna like put everything together the final touches on it. We're keeping the promotions people out of this thing this year We're keeping the sales manager out of this thing this year. We're keeping a program director out of this thing this year Now let me ask you they're gonna have a large cargo section because Jeff Heyes this heels guy and charge of it So if he is wife come along, we're really in deep put do-do W-I-O-D Nierajers Okay, how was it? W-I-O-D W-I-O-D W-I-O-D A little bit too close you know it was close it was right on the edge, but he didn't get his little bleep in her in a middle in fact I thought I heard Jennifer say hey asshole. Yeah, okay, or maybe she actually said she was astonished with those pictures It just keeps getting bigger. I Louise Miguel play it baby. Okay. I'm still waiting for the little red light When you go to Amsterdam, so it's always good to kind of walk around get you know get your feet wet look for the little red light Is that thing ever gonna come back on again or what I think I'll go ahead live dangerous No, I'm yeah right you live dangerously on your show asshole W-I-O-D hello Oh, yes, yes, yes, how are you okay? You gotta start doing screenless when they drive me crazy I love it. This has been a great show today. It's been an ice kick your man. Yeah, but you you've really found out how many lunatic you got up there I love it. That's what it's all about them. You want the mirror you can make it that's where the tenter a car. Yes, I Rossa Lopez Beauty see you. I knew my bye. W-I-O-D Hello W-I-O-D How well now? W-I-O-D Neil. Yes, just gotta tell you Aaron summers can be just can make sex so boring. Yeah. I didn't think it was possible She'd take it and just make she destroys it. Okay. Let's take a couple of no-dose but watch out because when you stand up they might fall out The only radio station that doesn't suck Use talking entertainment radio 610 W-I-O-D my M-E Fort Lutterdale Problem hair talk to Mr Red good afternoon at two o'clock on Jennifer Ram 610 W-I-O-D news Rottie by US air a Palm Beach County judge has ruled bit