Music News, talking entertainment radio, 6-10 WIOD presents the Neal Rotter Show To talk with Neal, call 75-1 WIOD in date, 5-2-4 WIOD in Broward Outside the 3-5 area code, it's toll-free, 1-800-9-4-4 WIOD And so you know, one customer can call pound IOD at no charge Now, the Neal Rotter Show, a news-talking entertainment radio, 6-10 WIOD Hey Neal, f*** you Neal Rotter Show, the rocket roof animal, they believe it Neal got it We're callin' a fool out of me We're callin' a fool out of me We're callin' a fool out of me We're callin' a fool out of me We're callin' a fool out of me We're callin' a fool out of me Unfortunately, my future video never happens Flyin' at my way I run into hopelessly Not a speed or bad started out B I'm full of music, I'm a little bit tired I'm full of music, I'm a little bit tired I'm a little bit tired I'm full of music, I'm a little bit tired Probably when you're having a bad day swing But he just had a piece on another tough piece David Ross must have had up somebody's answer to Channel 6 Why 100? 40 is on a year Mr. Hot Mr. This is the stage to course that really is always right there on top of community events Why 100? And 40 there this morning at a while on the Y100 morning show He's a hot guy trying to make about me or a military and plantation And about these cops that are getting screwed over and got you And a guy who's doing a story on Channel 6 And when the discussion starts the phones ring off the hook And he showed the phone like three different times It was like two lines ringing Out of about ten or two written lines like we got here Two lines ringing baby The same amount of not interest So don't give me a song and a dance about the phones ringing off the hook baby Cause guess what? Especially in Broward You think they're like activists like they're going to make something happen up there Hot Town, somewhere in the city Back to my neck getting dirty, brilliant And down, isn't it a bit it Just think of me a shadow in the city All around people looking at that Walking on the sidewalk, farther than a mask But the night is different, well Go out and find the girl Come on, come on and dance all night Keep acting, you didn't be all right in place Don't you know which of you did the days And next to me I'll win the stage Very soon, and right here, it's loosely sensed through I WI-O-G Keep counting, you've been a city Just so fine and looking so clear Cool cat, looking for a kid And gonna look and every corner of the city Just like a bus stop Running up the stairs, gonna meet you on the rooftop But the night is different, well Go out and find the girl Come on and dance all night Keep acting, you didn't be all right in place Don't you know which of you did the days And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage And next to me I'll win the stage Today I'll play the game They scuzzled things, but asked who the goddamn security checkpoint of my media action and who feel safe now, you feel better about life all right. So it's 11 after noon at WIOD. But stop right here. Prop 14 at WIOD is a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir? Fire report. Yeah. You're a M. A big sports station. Somebody called and you know they have this, I can't be type of thing. I'm going to be the, you know how about sports. Somebody call, I can't be used to it. I can be used to it. Yeah. Somebody, I can be rushed. Has more ratings than anybody at KUIM. Yeah. And they said. And they said quick. Really? Yeah. Can't handle it. Can't deal with it. But hey listen to keep listening to hear those scores from last week. We have an open line in date one in Broward 751 WIOD. One in Broward 524. So Dave game keeps sneaking his goddamn radio through the aback through the second Newark. I hope they throw his fat ass in a couple of cells. Here's my, me. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir? Work time call it for a time lesson. Yeah. Listen that the notes are in Cleveland. Yeah. Is that what it is? Yeah. He's got an excuse to Neil. Yeah. He got hit on the head. I'm not. I hate that. He's the worst. He's dry in the terminal. Sounds a little bit like Randy West when he first got up in the morning. Exactly. Dry. Okay. Well, thanks for the bad news. Herb score. I always knew why I hated him. Gilmok Duel. Nobody was doing what he hit him. He would have a line drive baby. 1954 sounds like right to me. With those big cigars. They killed your herby. My mother was right. Those cigars. You'll gag on him. On the street he says he's an exciting. Kick ass team that comes from behind the ladies and wins over, and over in again, and again. And again. And they got up. And now through his boringness dog crap man. Said really said what and of course another. Rock I risked my case, too many. EX Jocks. You can smell the Jocks. Drop some of these guy damn broadcast. And it ain't a sweet thing either. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hey. How are you doing? Okay. the boat on with the casino game with no here we go I was up in Connecticut yeah and I went to the casino and did you consider the have up there they're killer killer and what that that's that's a state is a back safe estate and they're breaking in the money up there yep they're safe guaranteed the state of Connecticut $1 billion from the slots alone yeah right now they're paying $15 billion a month on them and that's just from the slots alone. In fact that Mrs. Sippy Alabama every knee end of the backwater state goddam in a country in Connecticut that these places are passing gambling and breaking in the dough while we're sitting here catering to all these 90 rolled in for a board of get in fits I mean how long can this go on we can't survive like this all but got his old people at illegal aliens that's all this town is all about well I went there and it was just all types of people they're going old yeah it's like there was no just like biggest man people having a good time there was no riff rap rap rap you know they seemed like they had it way under control and the Indians are running a thing yep yeah and that's a lot of money that they're getting just from the spot alone so have a great day and the back to you. Rest my case but it could happen I keep telling you that not think of all your so negative and I'm just being honest with you I'm a blue sky do I mean a lie to you and tell you that all of a sudden people are going to get a mental in them are going to wake up in the sniffed of pansies it's not going to happen. My favorite ones had a once again on a plane these old people they go to Vegas because they know they're going to have a great time they come back and they say well oh it's great there but I should wouldn't want to have it here we do want to disrupt our lifestyle you don't have a lifestyle you have a death style and you want to share it with all the rest of us you want the rest of us to be moldy and have to jam all around our guide damn bodies like you do oh we don't want to have it here it's great there but not here put them all back on our bus and send them back to New York send them to the Bronx Delta Carrier there as here's Carl Springs hello Carl Springs yes you suck you suck great not lately open line of Broward 5249 4663524 there's Broward for you I probably come in from a David Ross's Orifice here is a highly hello I knew yes sir what you said at the top of the hour about you're really ranching and raving yes well I have something to say about that but I don't think you're gonna like what I'm gonna say yes sir okay I think that I tend to be the type of listener that that you have a lot of we don't we're not the ones to call in and I hear you asking for opinion and my thought was that you really don't need our opinion I mean it's like so it's a way way way let's slow down this is interesting so in other words what you're saying is let's take the phone out from ten to two and I'll just hit your arraint and rave every day for four hours essentially the people that call in or the drugs and the ones that you make fun of and that's what makes you so enjoy what I mean people like what I like I think people like me who have opinions I mean who cares I mean you'll care what my opinion is like the sex bitch at night when she takes all these surveys what does she do with the survey she throws in the garbage and get I'm not taking a survey I'm having a discussion I'm having a discussion I'm asking I'm asking a question and people like have an opinion so I'm at something serious sometime it's something off the wall and in between that's it that's what I've been doing this for 20 years and last 10 years I've been doing it not so serious and with no guests but nevertheless I mean isn't that possible I mean it's the mic Tyson fight a real serious topic but at least it's something that happened it was a major event and I guarantee on talk shows all around the country they're discussing it except in this town but you know what what I think is great about yourself is the fact that you just kind of get on and rant and rave and you kind of are speaking to my you know you're you're the content so what I feel I mean sometimes I feel like right but what are you saying you for on the one hand you're saying that you want to hear the show because I rant and rave and then the other hand you say that the colors who are assholes are what you enjoy here on the show essentially I mean those are the ones that make it interesting the ones that are boring and have nothing to say I like the guy that just called the punk the 10 year old kid that calls you're you're you're you're you're you're you're show sucks or whatever that's that's an entertaining call yeah but okay you want me to be honest it's something like that I'll set you off for at least two or three minutes no it didn't lie it didn't send me off for like five seconds and I picked up your call well I don't respond to you suck like I said not lately and that's the answer and so what what else is new well I did my feeling is you don't you don't need people like us to call the ones you just love you so listen then who do I need to call just ask what I think if you do the show so in other words basically what your son is out of to screenless every day just have people call in one after other saying hey you suck you know me you're crazy I'm gonna come and you every day into a four hour monologue that's essentially what you do no I do not come on in a whole hour crazy about 10 minutes worth of calls get on in a whole hour nothing nuts you're dreaming okay all right I've been on 21 minutes this hour okay 50 a 12 are you there yeah 15 minutes this hour after the news right yeah how much of a monologue did I do I came on I played a bit or whatever I did I played a record because like as a threat and then I came on a big thing calls ever since yeah I don't I think the call here I think that you're overrating the calls of the the contribution of the call that they're overrated but I'm not asking for intellectual calls because they're out those kind of people in the town very many of them I'm just asking for somebody alive that's all that's a start and besides most of the people agree with you like the cops like their cops and plantation I agree they shouldn't lose their they're health coverage in their past you know something you may have had it I may just come in here and just pontificate most of the four hours every day taking occasional small okay okay okay okay okay there you go okay see you I think this guy has this finger on a man and I think a lot of you would like to have your finger on a tube but he just leaves left I'm out of thumb how about your index finger how about your four fingers on the index finger okay I rest my case if that isn't the greatest record ever made I discovered that on Zeta when I was doing a morning show on Zeta I discovered I don't mean I discovered that you know what existed I just discovered that in my opinion that the Allen process process prospect the Allen Parsons project and I and your fly flying a sky could be the greatest I just I just I'm obsessed with that so I just love it I could put that on tomorrow from ten until two just interrupt for the commercial break put it on a goddamn endless loop that song is just it's haunting I hate when they used that word haunting you know what's not used to describe a haunting it was the police and every breath I you take I take we take haunting and see you don't like that record I love that I love it I love it you know like the police that's your problem because you're a guy named I Sima you know like police oh man every breath you take that is such a great but it's not like I like this this is more haunting huh in fact when you go to the wax museum you go to the haunted house thing this is what's playing in the background 1223 a WI I love it I lie and tell you that does something for me I feel better already I feel like a brainer by the way tomorrow we're getting charred I just I mentioned it for lunch six ten WIOD stress relief without lithium okay wait did you hear the so-called where did you hear this from your wife crystal just called George to and where did she hear it from she heard it from somebody who heard it from somebody else who heard it from somebody's best friend who heard it through the grapevine heard it from Nancy Reagan it's the MS it's the MS so from the is it see why am I wasting my time because the people who watched the young and a hornier all got to turn down right now it's coming out in two minutes and 38 seconds of counting but anyway Matt and Amy which isn't that ironic because in a story she shot him but anyway Matt and Amy are in real life and item and they're both they were both on some of one of these goodie to probably on Janine Paul crotch they were probably on a crotch hour and Matt and Amy are an item in real life and they're born again Christians and guess what he's a now what did you call it she's a virgin and he's a re-vergent a re-tread a re-tread they re-declare themselves versus he's got a tattoo on his asses don't tread on this yeah they re-declare themselves version once they become born again and then in that one other with Nick cut him off is that were you trying to say he's got it back he got a refund oh yeah I give it back to a but with that much pancake makeup on their posts and they're gonna stay versions until they get married isn't that sweet so Matt and Amy are virgin so all you born again can watch the young and a hornie now and I have to feel bad like think that they're really doing it in real life all you ought to see that picture and that's Italian Fag Mag that's fashion magazine where that guy is on a balcony with Nick and I and his ass I mean he's got that flap up there it look like a finesse debris and the guy is got his eye on his ass now what does that the that's the same one that we were just playing well that's it and that's all the eyes you're ass ah ha you see I'm the only person in the world like a Thai all that crap together in the last guy by the way an excellent voice and why did he start with this way but you're not gonna be like what I'm gonna have to say why do you say that why are you also defensive once in a blue moon somebody says something that almost makes sense besides me and I think you had a good point screw the colors here's a lot of hell hello now that's no iron is sky that won't make it here is my and me hello yes sir what happened on the other post was today what what happening on you're gonna get the push list there hasn't started yet you got 45 seconds so go grab your push and let's sit on have a seat open line in date 75 one I think that guy at excellent point let's hear from the audience man let's hear let's start getting some guy damn opinions on this okay let's have an opinion on something they don't have to see this is what to answer his question now where he was still on the line but he knows what I'm talking about he just doesn't want to admit it they don't have an opinion about anything just like this is this not the greatest record every court I risked my case George say yes he likes the camera he's just a lot of the older stuff too they're great now in our dark rate but this but you know what the problem is it's commercial it was a hit oh it can't be any good it's I'm sorry it's too commercial it sucks it's not like they're great the great the great the great the great the good suckin a truck and he sucked a lot there's cricket rubber and legs together making those silly sounds here is the South Miami hello okay Zabikos have a great show at J-Bikos he's doing over there on what's the season C on W-O-F-F now that was one of the great experiments in history of radio when I went off I and Z-Lin over to Zeta and he took a nine share during the they time and took it down into the ones in like six months nice going Jay oh baby he's a good guy he's just too busy hoarding for those cruise ships here's Palm Beach on a purple line hello hello hello Neil how are you doing yes I did her shit no okay here's a lady in Miami hello Neil yes I just wanted to come in at Moron that call that was saying that you were talking you should just talk to Ryan Z for our straight and that you should have callers yeah but we don't have callers we don't yeah I shouldn't have no callers anymore every day I come in here and I see Rick with a sour look on his post we don't have any callers unless he's given something away well I'm just I'm calling and you're not giving anything away that's for damn sure so yeah that's what makes you talk show signing him you have all these people calling giving their opinion I don't have any what are you taught what you're you listening to I'm listening to you give me all the things you and I you and it's like an entertainment hearing all these people you write on them to help yeah great I love it okay you should continue you're doing happy I'm happy yeah great okay take care see you that's our question day we're gonna for you and you're not an up right you're down and are you happy you're not sure that would be a good one are you happy or not 57% said yes 40% said no 3% an opinion if you ever wondered about those polls no matter what the question is is today two days 49% said yes 50 a half percent said no and one half percent said they had no opinion no matter what the question is there's always like 345% they got no opinion that's our audience what we got a 345 shit that's it that's our audience we just figured out these are the people with no opinion and every guy damn poll these are the 3 to 5% got no opinion about it that's the IOD audience now we got to figure it out here's a mobile in Miami hello now yes this is on getting personal they were on the other night that show with Bob would have a name is getting personal you know that show comes on 11 o'clock and I don't know the guys may I don't know what the story is talking about sex well you're not gonna believe this that 80 comes on the night comes on 11 o'clock on where I'll never watch that that's too much herald one at goddad but uh that 80 or a no uh Aaron yeah Aaron summers you believe that she's gonna be online on that television show it's too hard I know who that is George okay thanks for those bell 80 boy what's happening okay we have an overline of the anyway he has lost at this duro he was on they have some show on uh univision and on the tail oh god I mean from the from the chin down he is the greatest okay if he did's the tattoo he is phenomenal but his face he's got David Johnson duroardo sweet heart what happened look at that how all he got oh my god what's what kind of an outfit would you call that he's got a pair of black overalls on with it with nothing else he's got nothing else on and what is this show or this is tele mundo but I mean my god he's gotten so eugly you see you goddamn women out there you don't understand how what you've done to men he what you've done to the men of the world us poor god damn man and I will say this for myself I may not be much but I haven't changed that much in last twenty years I still look no officially I still look the same not good but the same I would hope for some changes but they're gonna get any better but seriously not that much difference not like a lot of wrinkles it's just the same ugly pus but man most of these guys once they it's frightening to what's they get past like twenty five or six boom it's like they got hit by the ugly stick and their face starts falling apart you know who I saw the other day well first I mentioned Jimmy McNickle I had a story on his sister and he I mean it's horrendous and speaking of Jesse's boy girl Rick Springfield was in some movie that was on the other night all man you just want to sit down and put your head between your knees if it isn't already there and just cry what happens to poor men it's just the nature is so god damn cool your heart your heart whatever we call him on Gerardo from where is he from Chile I quote oh how am I supposed to remember Ecuador just because keto begins with a cue 12-3 to eat he I'm telling you you're not missing anything he's on telemundo right now for all you a herardo and then you're making me missed a goddamn young and a horny just to see his ugly pus I saw him on that tape by the way which I started to mention at Ho Chi Ko Chi show it's on a division and it's on Saturday at 3 p.m. and he got like huh oh they have a lot of flesh on your area but he was also on here and believe me that's when I saw he got touched by that ugly stick in a bad place right in the post he got stricken in the post with an ugly stick you may have seen some ugly pushes in your time but man W I O D we've partyed all through college and look at his now through the call us I feel like we're a little less of my soul with wrongly some Marie now we got a perfect up the family tree I'm spinning in my grave and I'm about to throw up I jake his ass if I could get dug up ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho hohave ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho ho Honey, I'm gonna horny now look at the look on her post. They're ready to have big screaming mad crimes with. Oops. Sharon's gonna, she's saying Sharon did it. Okay, pretend concern, we know you shot man. You stupid bitch. Oh, brother. I hope she just bitch slaps her and the, let's say it's a little for Shannon, Faulkner too. Or did you hear that Shannon, Faulkner is a attorney. Now he's got a new bitch. And this one, she was in ROTC. So she's a real bitch, bitch. She's now gonna apply to the citadel. They're gonna get some bitch in air come, and they're gonna have a hell of a high water. Okay, they're gonna shove some dike in the air. It's frightening. Open line of brah, come on, we're waiting for we're taking a survey here. We're taking a big poll. This is how we're gonna do the show from now until the end of time based on this survey here today. It's gonna determine a future where this guy damn show. Because believe me what I tell you, it will be on. I'm not going anywhere as long as that check keeps showing up. And I got a long, long way to go. Trust me, years and years and years of this to go. Forever and ever and ever. I got you, Dan. So just to give us a little jingle here, let's take our poll. Okay, scientific, whatever you say that's what we'll do. Do we want calls, no calls, bad calls, good calls, assholes, whatever kind of holes. Don't say it. Here's the deraille, hello. Wait, it's not a dish. Here's the deraille where they got the golf holes, yes? Yeah, and I got you down. Yeah. I got a couple of notes for you here. Okay. Your boy, Joe, I don't know. He had a hit-out. Yeah, no one. We want the funky, it was a cover. Yeah. And I can't remember. What's the slip side of that song that, remember you played something about the juice it was to know Melk today by Herman's Hermits Hermits? Yeah. Earlier about the 11 o'clock hour, what was the flip side of that 45? No, Melk today? Yeah. Oh, it's easy. Because no, Melk today was not to hit. But, you know something you're right. And then now you're gonna make me look in a book because I remember what exactly what you're talking about because I like, no Melk today better. Hi, Greg, what's up? Was it Mrs. Lovely, you had a brown daughter? No. No. It was not. It was the second hit. All right. Okay, here we go. I got the book. Yeah. Herman's Verman. I wish I could remember. All over the world was that there's a lot of... Kind of a lush, all over the world was about our program director. Yeah. I'm sorry. Let me find, huh? Let's go have a drink. I just got a guy's rag. Screw all his grab. I ain't got no answers. I don't know. Nothing. Let's just go get drunk. Where the cock says you're spine these guys? In the gutter. Okay. Here's Frankie Lane. Now, what am I looking for? I'm looking for Herman's room. They're going on a posh-shut night. Here's kind of a flush. It a James. I'm getting close. Here's the innocence. Here's Herman's verman. And somebody's actually circled a no milk today. It's 3, 1867. Now let's see. It had to be incredible. You're right. Kind of a hush. Kind of a lush. You got it. We're making a do-it. 3, 1867. Yep. You just like yesterday. Huh? It seems just like yesterday. We're getting old, pal. Not me, not ever. Okay. Have a great life. See, I watched out for the ugly stick. Open line in day 7. How can we have open lines on this? We're taking a guide to him survey. We're taking a poll. My future, the future of this program of this radio station, they're hanging in the balance and even that they don't care about. And where are these goddamn women? How we love you, Neil. We wouldn't pick up the phone and call. We're asking for your help. We're asking for your help. We're asking for your opinion. Actually, somebody is pretending here like your opinion means something and you still won't call. I rest my guide damn case. Look at that. Open line of Broward to two green lines where they don't give a crap about anything or anybody. And don't go pick it on Brick Springfield. I'm not talking until everyone blows line. And then, of course, if that doesn't do it for you. I don't think we can see this on here, can we? Can we say it? I got you down. Go. Now, what's wrong with Holland's clothes? I kind of like them, didn't you? Holland's clothes? Okay, here we go. Here is Oakland Park, hello. I'm going to be in the middle of the road. I'm going to be in the middle of the road. Okay, here we go. Here is Oakland Park, hello. Oakland Park. How is that possible? Do you just spoke to them? You just spoke to Oakland Park and they're gone already. Maybe we should call them back. Oh, maybe they got a little problem there like life. Here is Fort Lauderdale, hello. Thank God. Yes. I was going to dribble up and die on the phone. How long could you have been on there? How about over half hour? I was in the middle of the road. I believe you. Okay. Anyway, you haven't a pension. I don't think it's going to be well-liked, but I haven't a pension. See you, start just like the other guys did. I don't know. I don't even know. I don't even know. I might love it. You might love it, but I think people in general aren't going to like it. Okay, I take six months off. I like it. It's about the cop. About the one? The burn, the cop, we got burn. Yeah. Okay. I think it's horrible. I think it's terrible. We have, you know, he's going to collect disability for the rest of his life. We're going to pay for that. You know, he enters down and says, it's every cop who fell off of his seat. What you're basically saying is a cop gets hurt in a line of duty. Fell off of his seat. Fell out of his car. Got no auto-wise. Guys, you only got burned with the gun. I'm just saying, who girls lie? I understand that's tragic, man. It's an exact... Any amount of money we're talking about isn't the end of the world here. It's just something that they should have coming just as a way of saying, hey, here's guys who are doing a great job. We ought to give some recognition. It's not going to bankrupt the city of Plain. Right. One about the smuck who's not doing a great job and, you know, gets drunk and falls down. Why is working? He's going to get the same benefit. You give these people. Say, you have a clue. One, they got to give it to all. Says who? The union. Well, that's why he has people who have called you today, our cops thinking, oh, this is great. What are you going to bring about a benefit? Nobody has called me about this. I haven't had two calls about this today. At least two or three. I've heard of people calling him in great support. And everyone of them in guys middle age and they sound like sergeant. Okay. No time for sergeant. Okay. He was right. He's full of crap. We have an open line on a per-bond. How do you sound like a sergeant? How do you sound like a guy damn sergeant? You're knocking at my door. I can't go in. Now don't come down here no more. Oh. Okay. We got an open line a day. We're doing a survey here and our survey don't say nothing because they will not call even now. How about I forgive you $50 for your opinion, which I won't do? How would that be? 751 WIOD in day two open lines on a green line. Seriously, man, you people collectively. I'm not talking single. If you're going to take it personal, go ahead. I can't stop you. But collectively, this is the biggest bunch of deadheads and Dodo birds I have ever encountered. Please, please, it's the end of August. Don't insult my intelligence by telling me you're all busy working because I know better. They're ain't almost anybody busy doing anything. You said maybe a rip it off a few cars and knock it off a few convenience stores. Please, please, no lame excuses like that. We don't got enough tourists enough activity in our business in this town. You could stick it in the temple unless of course they're all buying windows 95. Which that's really going to change your life. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, near. How you done? Okay. Well, it's out of the first time you're perfect. Oh, they come at I think they're a little wrong. I work construction. Yeah. I don't have to get the train and otherwise that'd be outside. And I don't have one of them. It's raining over here. It's over here. Where are you? Miami. It's raining in Miami. Yeah, I shouldn't use somebody's pond. I'm in their house. Good. They trust me. That's okay. That's true. Make a few long-up of Paul and your friends in a while in Alaska. Come on. Yeah, listen. First of all, I don't know. I go with some other people. You do make our day. Okay. We can't call, but you make everything go like quicker. Well, thank God for the rain. Now with this fight, you can't really tell me you thought it was going to be some kind of fight. Of course not. Everybody knew it was not going to be, but that's the point why did they spend the money then? Hey, exactly. Who would pay the money? I don't feel sorry for any of those people. That was just crazy. It's first fight out. You know, then I'm going to put them up against anybody. That would be like if I said I got it for you. This big beautiful diamond ring for $10. And you knew what was going to be past. It was going to be a pubic zirconia. And you gave me $10. Oh, gee. This is a real. I had to check it out. When you knew you were going to get ripped up off of front. Of course. But I guess some people there are, I don't know. They're dreaming or something. Yeah. I don't want to get by the soft on there. I don't know. Maybe you can explain this to me. How is it? They can tell me. I can't put these little tiny earphones on and listen to a radio on my car. But I can have a freaking cell phone glued to my ear going 35 miles per hour. You are absolutely right, man. Those people are the worst. I have seen the last few months. I have seen so many people getting close to wife dot by some asshole. And if you're on the turnpike, what they'll do is they'll get in a left hand lane, the fast lane. And they'll be going along. All of us in they'll slow down like they're paying more attention to who's up. Maybe they'll call them on those 9. Almost. They're speeding up and slowing down. Paying no attention to the driving because they're in Berlin. Some guy then phone conversation outrageous. Yeah, but so he ever been to a restaurant. You're sitting down the guy next to you. He starts getting on his phone. He's making colorful calls getting even. Even. Even. Even. Worst. Then that. How do you like when you go to a ballgame? A baseball or a hockey game. And some hot shot. All of us in here. And all of us in this guy. Whips his ass parade. It's out of his pocket. He's sitting there at a ballgame. You can away on a phone like Mister hot shot. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I can get away from things. I don't like to bring my problems with me. I don't know what it is. Let's be more like here. Eric Clapton on plug. They're like his kid right out the window. But anyway, listen. Don't get discouraged with these people here. They're a lot of jerks in Miami. But you got an excellent show. You're damn right. You have a great day, Kelly. Bye bye. Okay. Don't get wet. At least from the rain. Oh. Like I said, the greatest record ever recorded. Okay. Like I said, when Terygar C had died, all these people, oh, the 60s. The only thing good about the 60s was the music. Okay. That's the only thing good. Did I mention one other thing, which I forget what it was now. But whatever was it was not good. But the music in the 60s, that was the bad. And the radio is what I said. The music in the great rock station. C.K.L.W. King or 13. And Detroit. W ABC in New York with all the personalities, even though they were corny and bad. That was when K.H. J.M. Los Angeles. Now we're talking. Those were that was the heyday of radio. Baby, that's before FM and granted the music sounded scratchy and outsovrafe. At least there was a personality. Instead of having a goddamn jukebox, which is what we got on FM. That's all those FM stations are. They were goddamn jukebox. Oh, Nick needs a shave. Man, anybody got a big for Nick? Anybody want a flick next big? I bet your Matt does. Here's a mobile in Highly. Hello. Hey, me, I saw you on the counter playout to show your great. Yeah. You know, let me ask a question. What happened at Clark's, he was out off the radio for a little while. I was wondering, you know, he was all right. I wonder if he knew. Yeah, he's okay. He's just done a caring carpenter died. All right, cool. Hey, all right. Open line of dates. 7.5. Are they still showing that guy damn thing that candle to it? I'll tell you once and they sure get plenty of mileage out of me. Trust me, we take that thing like six months ago on every five minutes. Oh, I just saw that show again this last weekend. They sure would over their worst in these best of dates. Right? Which we should. There's a couple of friends. They're coming so far away. By the way, speaking of corny talk ups. This is one of those records, man. In fact, what don't we have that was Buds Abies who didn't talk up on this, which goes on for like five and a half minutes. And he's reading away. The reason he's given us stock reports. He's given half the news, guys. He's given a headline. He's given the highlights, the lowlights. He's given a goddamn hockey scores for last season. He's given a name of everybody. Was it JP McCarthy's funeral in Detroit a couple of days ago. He's given stuff that has been invented. He's just so we can do the goddamn talk up. Anybody can say, boy, that was really great. Reach channels. Do you hear it? That's not bad. Oh, that sucks. I did that talk up. Such an incredible talk up like that for a reach channel piece of crap. I take it back. Even Phil Henry would be proud of that. Okay. All right. All right. Here's a tamarack. Hello. The medical records department directly. Yes. Three, two, one. Are we on hold? Is that what this is? I love when they put us on hold. Okay. Put the ramp back on hold. Here's my me. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. I was wondering, whatever happened to that murder or Stephen Coleman, that guy who killed those poor three kids over here, not F.I.U. Did he ever get electric you to what? I don't know. I can't believe this town they're worried about. O.J. instead of, uh, how's Brad? How's Brad? What's your call doing? Blades, Brian. Whatever his name is. Brad Pitt. Brian Lewis. You got a great show. He's getting a call. That's part of your show. And I think your show kicks out. Okay, pal. Have a great day. How's Brian? I'm glad. What I meant to say. Brad, uh, Bill Garno. We have an open line in date. Brad, Bill Garno. Who's that? He's a hockey player. Okay. It looks pretty good to his matter. Fact. Oh, man, it won't be long before hockey season. Then we'll have something to see. Then we'll make any difference. Whether you call or not. Cause I'm going to play Bob, Cole and Mike Lang and Fred Q. And I'm going to play hockey highlights in low lights. I'm going to play Denise, Pac van Pickin is knows. We're going to have hockey up the ass, baby. I'm telling you, we're going to be hockey. Remember that last year, but it owed you too much hockey. You're great. He's going to have the toilet. We had that tremendous winter book. We had a 99 god damn share on his show. Thanks to the hockey. Okay. That's why it's kind of the doldrums. Now we're just waiting for hockey to start. Here's a poppin. Hello. He's got a concrete on football. Yeah, that's right. Good point. That was, uh, that was Drew Rosenhaus. I forgot to. Sorry. It's that Alzheimer's acting up again. Or is it Alzheimer's? It's acting up again. He got a concentrate on football. He don't have time to be distracted with a little bit of crap like this. Cause you shot it, cut it, cut it, did? Exactly. We're going to let phon again, man. Get in the torque load the top of the hour right away. Crapin out two open lines in the day. We're taking a goddamn survey. The future of my life of this show of your radio station. Wiod, the hangs in the balance. And the most conspicuous ones of all are these goddamn women. These obnoxious bullbikes out there who will not stick their finger in a goddamn mophone. Maybe it's busy. Well, now I'm jumping in conclusions. Okay, what else have we got here that might be real good, but for? Come on, let's get those brawler lines going. I'm serious, man. This is serious business. If you want crappy old best of tapes for the rest of the month, be my guest. We're not going to the news till we get those lines and brawlers to trust me. Come on, to go. Jennifer's getting porktog. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Jennifer's getting porktog. And if you're going to see the guys in that tape the other day, quite frankly, let's get Jennifer's him glasses. Let's take up a collection right now. We know Lisa for read on bubbles, but does Michael? 610. We got a lot of those new things. My much more effort. We got a lot of good news. Talk and entertainment radio. 610. W-I-O-D. Hey, fun. Good afternoon. At 1 o'clock, this is Jennifer Ram. News talk and entertainment radio. 610. W-I-O-D. To talk with Neil, call 751 W-I-O-D in date. 5-2-4 W-I-O-D in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free. 1-800-9-4-4 W-I-O-D. And so, you know, one customer's can call pound-i-O-D at no charge. Now, the new Roger show, a news talking entertainment radio, 610. W-I-O-D. It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon. Oh, what's the matter with less being off as can't you tell we really love hidden balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country close bathroom stalls. I'm a good friend, it's all so catty. She's the fan, I'm the bitch. She calls to daddy. Muff-dive at 5-2-2-2. Talk-o-all right, it's still ladies' calls to me. My favorite hola goes and have any number. A green or a fairway. You're quite because I'm a snapper, I play golf and I'm gay. I'm a chee-time guy, I'm a clubhouse, baby. Golf is the only time that they're got. I'm gay, let's play LPK, a still ladies' calls to me. Are you sure? And right as this great chip, sit on my face, still ladies' calls to me. Okay, what else seven in WMD seems like we already did the one to two hours earlier today, but hey, why not do it again? We got two open lines, it's a gray line, we're taking a survey and we got open lines. That's a disgrace and it's a commentary not on me, but on use. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, ma'am. Hi, I'm a first time caller. Okay. I wanted to thank you first of all because my husband and I started on the diet. Uh-huh. We've been on it for three weeks and we lost 14 pounds. Great. And I want to ask you, do you know if you are able to drink from or anything on like that? No, booze, no booze. None at all? Oh my god. What am I going to do at the party this weekend? Club soda, sweetie. Yeah? Or just spit it out. Sounds like the voice of experience. We have an open line in the purple line, Pond, I would do we got two at two at two. What I mean about this diet thing? And I had no comment, not one person zero. Zippity dude off from me because they don't want to tell me the truth. Oh, it's going to make him feel bad. Hey, never stop to be four. They don't want to tell me about those two months when we're like so intense with that damn ad-consuming that a like monopoli took over the whole goddamn show. Kill this. Drill this goddamn thing right down into the ground. Trust me what I'd tell you. And no matter what you tell me, I know that's the case anyway. So why even bother? Open line and Broward 524, one on a green line, 1 800 944 9463. Let's see. Let's see. Let's see. This motown stuff. Why don't we just play motown all day or maybe? You brought my heart. Because I couldn't dance. You just even want me around. They could be. But now I'm back to let you know. I can really shake them down. And you like that? No, you're not. Please. I can't believe you. Do you love me? Okay, let's go to a Delray Beach. Hello. Hi, now. Yes, sir. I have a police report for you. Yeah. I'm going to broken into my house. Yeah. And my kid called me and said, And that's what's broken into that house. So, no thinking about the safety of my kid. I can on the highway. And I'm speeding in the H.I. H.O.V. Right? Yeah. And the cultural, cultural, and stops me. And I'm like, frantic. I'm like, be like, you're crazy. You're going in the H.O.V. Or anything all that. I say, well, someone is broken my house. Come on. Here. The bar key is for me. Something's wrong. Well, all of you know that you're going to have that. It's the F. You know. And left, right? Yeah. If you want to. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Can you answer for what he just said to me? No idea. Okay. I just want to talk to you. What are your commercials? H.I.V. Lane. Yeah. Yeah. Neil, one of the commercials, all. Low Jack. Yeah. You got that in your car? Yes. Well, Neil, that's the worst investment you've ever done. Really? Yeah. The, the low Jack is not a lot. Let me say that. Let me say this to you. Okay. So we don't let people call in a rip on the sponsors. Everybody I know that's got a brain. It's got low Jack. Every new car dealer recommends it. And you're just a jackass who's got nothing to say. It wants to rip a sponsor. Nice going pal. Brilliant call. Okay. I'm 100% sure about you. You're an asshole. I'm a hundred percent sure about you. You're an asshole. I'm a hundred percent sure about you. You're an asshole. I'm a hundred percent sure about you. It's so, oh, I'm not doing a break yet. Why not? Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi, this is Jane. And I just got back after a three and a half month trip up north. Yes. And I noticed you said something about you were unhappy or you sounded unhappy about the university of Miami team. What? I asked my son. I haven't mentioned the University of Miami today in any way, so he was full. No, it wasn't today. Yeah. It was a couple of days ago. I was so happy about him. I hate them like poison. Oh, did something happen while I was gone? Or have you always just liked them? I've always just liked them intensely. I asked my son, I'm who listens to you every day. Did something happen while I was gone? I thought maybe. Nothing happened while you were gone. Just the usual bunch of shootings and muggings in their kids' blown each other away. Nothing happened here. Oh. Okay. Why are you a hurricane fan? Yes, I love them. I get a lot of enjoyment out of them. What? They're football games. In fact, on the back of my trailer, I've got a cover with the Ibis on it. And I travel, I'm a widow. On Ibis? Ibis. Yeah. And I travel all over the country. I'm a sight trailer and my dog. Yeah. Sometimes people go by and I come in a soda and home and give me a thumbs up. Yeah. Well, just go on a wrong part of the country. You got one of those Ibis to hurricane things. You're going to be sorry, sweetheart. We have an open line in date, 751. We got one on a green line. Am I? Did something happen with a hurricane? No, nothing more than usual. They're still the same bunch of gangsters. The ramps. That's all. And just wait till the NCAA sticks into them. Oh, right. Thinking about it and play Peanockle with all those Alabama guys. Go ahead. Sixth and WIOD. Use the KEDU in form. Talk to make you laugh your ass off. Leave a tape, parachute. Hello, I'm Saul. And I'm Harry. Here to tell you about our special place. Just a shot with no judge. I'm New York, he's dead, cocaine. Let's go. That's right. I wanna go, take it away from it all. There was that in the pocket of it. He can feel that thing. I love that stuff. What a shuffleboard if you were. I got a nine, go for Saturday, punch. Or by the food on top of your day. I hope it's kosher. Enough, hooking those guy top and buckwheels. And I'm on back in Bush Hill. Mount Ellie and Shawnee. They've even Mickey Rooney. We know. Played rock and cresco. Oh, we let's go hooking into poker. No. We'll have some lives. And then we'll see our show. Rid, no, you or land, no. In the pocket, no. Get a hot shake, it's hot. You're a quarter champagne. It's five o'clock, I could shop. Let's get the chicks who can beat a nice girl. Over by the exercise bar. Hey, shoot your behavior in the pocket, no. Right top and buckwheels. Can we back in Bush Hill? Mount Ellie and Shawnee. Don't forget Mickey Rooney. Played rock and cresco. Oh, we let's go hooking into poker, no. We'll have some lives. And then we'll see our show. Rid, no, you or land, no. In the pocket, no. Let's go, if I get you teach this. I don't have good my teeth in a little bag with the water in there for this. I've heard of that Jamaica. Oh, look at that. Oh, look at that. Come on, come on. Kill our girl. Kill our girl. Take a bath and we go. Okay, so, let's let her rest. Okay, what you want, so, let's try to like, five a dead, you're a dead thing. There's a place called Coco. Here's candle, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Oh, hi, Neil. First time, caller. All right. So, you were talking about? Yeah, a few days ago. Oh, yeah, well, they're definitely circumcised. Are they? Yeah, I spent five, not there about two years. And my wife's family is all more of a cheesenot. I'm not fat. You're wife to circumcise? No, no, her family is. Yeah. Is all more of a man. They're definitely circumcised. Uh-huh. By the way, I... And God. Yeah, I enjoy when you'll play this lot during your show. Yeah. So, a little more entertaining sometimes in some of the 80s. That's for a damn sure man. Excellent point. Thank you. Well, that's not all I have. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Keep it short. That's what size the life is. Keep it short. And damn if you didn't do it. I can't run away. Well, what? This sounds a little bit... We... We channeled on it. Damn it. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. First of all, a great full dead. Remember that day? Was talking about that? The difference between Brian Wilson and the Beach Boys and like Jerry Garcia? And boy, they should never want no part of that. Those deadheads, man. What? Why'd you be talking about? No, they don't speak like that. Are you saying there's like black deadheads? I know there's blackheads, which you really shouldn't squeeze him out because the leaves are real bad. Uh, okay. Let's go to a plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay. I'm calling and response to one of them's callers who called a couple of back. About what was happening about all the sergeants who were calling it? Yeah, the sergeants. Yeah. That's it. I mean, that had to be the stupidest call I think I've heard all day. It's right in there. It's in the running. I got it down. I mean, I got to impression that he was thinking like... If he said something like, if you give it to one, you have to give it to all. Like these guys are out there trying to get burned and shot and killed. Right. So they can collect disability. Right. You know, it's just totally... The one guy's lying there still close to death and he was just doing it so we could collect disability and scam the city of plantation. Exactly. What about the vacancies? It's not like the plantations got enough money flowing around the... That guy must be a buddy of Wayne's. He's not like a union bus to the night. But they're definitely... And then they have to take care of these guys. Yeah. Definitely. I can't believe somebody would even argue that point. Hey, listen, there's always... There's always at least one asshole out there. Exactly. Okay, pal. All right. They'll take care. They'll get it. Yeah, they're going to get the taken care of because eight million of you are going to show up in plantation a week from tomorrow next Wednesday, 730 pm at the plantation city hall. 400 northwest 73rd street. You're going to say, hey, either you take care of these guys and do what's right or... You're all... you're asses all out. I'm round around you around. I get around you. I get around you around. I get around. I get around. I get around. I get around. I get around. I get around. I get around. I get around. Yeah, they're helping. Double UIOD. To the Central Characters of Larry King's Nightmare. Hi. This is Jim, Love your show, Neil. Love you. Love you. Oh. Oh. I'll tell you what's wrong. Just like I told you, oh, don't blow me down. Oh. Don't blow me down. Oh. I'm at you now. My own. Because my ceiling is... Don't blow me down. I'm confident with it just to be as I get. But I ain't know if I'm by the ceiling. Don't blow me down. God, you're a set-of-trigger. No, no, no. No, no. I'll tell you what's wrong. Just like I told you, oh, don't blow me down. I'll tell you what I'm checking up. Funny gonna shut you down. Oh. Oh. So, Matt and Amy are born again. Chris Jones and she's a virgin and he wishes he were and he's gonna do something. And they're waiting there from the Brett Farmery school or Savinette for a rainy day and it's a little bottle over here on the window sill. It's getting a little moldy, but we're saving it. Here's Fort Laudernale. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm inspired by the email that I went to the 40-type of Kevin. Hello? You know, at the risk of sounding suicidal, but nothing should surprise me about those self-hating queens over there. Here's a hi-lia, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Is Henry Fernandez? Yeah, Henry. Yeah, man. I just want to tell you, man, that your show is really good, man. Yeah, Henry. I want to accommodate about the cellular phones. About the cellular phones? Yeah. I want to see, I want to see, I want to see computers that are hooked up to the three of the five. You know, those are illegal lines? Yeah. And most people are talking them for a long time and you take all their hot shopping or anything. But those guys, what they really have is that illegal line. Yeah. You know, I'm new talking. As Woody said, there are a bunch of crap. Matter boy, Henry. At Henry Gonzalez Fernandez Schwartz Reback. We have an open line in date, 75 rebocs, 7519-463-751. WOD. Another dumb, holy old man or so many of them out there. It's frightening. Is there anybody out there? Is there a hoodie out there? I, I, I cute bigger than his foreskin. I mean, that would really, that would be a forced on this show. 127 at, uh, where we going to a bokeh? He said, but I know take your time just like, because that thing is getting so slow. It's like, molasses. Look at that. Here's bokeh. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You're still doing your radio, uh, survey. We're doing a survey, but nobody's responding to it because, uh, you got to spell it out for me. You got to draw me a diaphragm. I don't get it. Okay. Uh, keep the calls. I like it. I'm only speaking for myself, of course, but I know it drives you up a while sometimes, but it's entertaining. I know. I don't care how, uh, as an I, N, it's just we need volume. We did not ask him for, if I was asking for quality in his town, I need a shrink. I'm asking for quantity. I don't expect it to be good. They're going to have to let them to say, get out of the house once in a while. I realize how we targeted most of these people are. Just get with it. That's all, right? Yeah. New King Ridge Fireport. Yeah. Boca and Liberty's up in my partner park. There is the at five. I was just going to make a note not to be there. He's going to be there. Yes, he is. Oh, my God. Let's evacuate the area man. Type her a gigantic evacuation. Yeah. Okay, pal. Yeah, I'm in the countryside. Hello. This is very interesting. Because Jan and Dean had a record called sidewalk surfing in of course Jan. Barry was good buddies with Brian Wilson. He used to like sleep on the separate sides of the bed for days at a time together. And so anyway, they stole the music from, I mean I guess he gave it to him, but I mean once upon a time I played them together on a year. sidewalk surfing and catch a wave. It's the same song. Okay, we got that. Are you? Are you? Can't you wait? Can't you wait? Can't you wait? Keep up on it back and forth. All over the place was the only one CD deck. sidewalk surfing, Jan and Dean. That's a really good song. Good advice. You got a lot of work on those record, didn't it? All those keep it or not, it's a advice. So anyway, guess who roadside walks surfing? Brian Wilson and somebody named Christian. Some good Christian wrote to that song. And ripped it off from his original song. At a boy, Brian, nobody is stayed in bed with you. Teddy, we're a bore of beer. He stayed in bed with Teddy beer all the time. What? That's when he was drinking and doing a lot of drugs and wouldn't come out of the house. He wasn't drinking and doing a lot of drugs. Now you're confused. Then would Jerry Garcia again? Hello? Yes. Did you notice how those two songs were exactly the same? I don't know. You don't know? I just called to tell you something. Can't you wait and you're sitting on top of me? Wait a minute. Hold on, hold your horse, pause. Yeah? Yes? Something happened to me yesterday. Yeah. I tell. In the bedroom, on my head, Dad had taken me to the hospital. Really? 14 stitches. They put staples in. Staples? Did it not get a sense in here or what? I always have got to stand. Okay. And I had to go to the doctor's tomorrow. For what? Just what to see is a disinfectant. Oh, man. That's disgusting. And I had to hire a nurse to stay with me or my... Really? Yeah. How was she? Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Yeah, I know. I know. What I want to keep you in stitches? Yeah. I am. I know. I am. Okay, baby. Well, take care of yourself. Yes, I will. And don't forget. I'm the same to you. Yeah. Okay. How do you like that? Yes. Yes, everybody. Oh, you don't have to. Oh, you don't have to. Oh, you don't have to. Oh, you'll never guess what else is on. See, this is one of those real late after they were desperate and well-ferred. And they had the accident and they needed the money. This best of Jan and Dean, it's called Surf City, which is just a rip off of all the beach poise. Yes. And we go on. Actually, that one, but Brian Wilson wrote that, but that was their song. He did a lot of stuff for Jan and Dean, but they're still bankrupt. Here you go. Here's a little riff off. Jan and Dean, see a thing to be cool. Wait for your good tune. You got a song that will be easy. You want it to get for a month. We're sending all the things. Jan and Dean's a ding, seeing a song that we're here. It's by the beach fois. Alright. Let's go to a lake worth. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I wonder if that guy brought up the casino up in Connecticut. Does anyone told you that they have a casino known, Windsor Ontario? Yes, they have. That's why Hazel Park is only racing five nights a week. That's why their first structure is weighed down. And that's why Kevin Wallace has to drive it. Windsor on Sunday nights to try to make up the money he's losing at Hazel Park. But can you imagine Windsor Ontario is straight-laces? They have a casino? What do you mean by that? They got all kinds of cascades. They got to get one in wait a minute. Montreal, are you kidding me? They got a big casino up there. They got them all over Canada. Yeah, okay. I didn't know that, but they do. But I know the people in Ontario and Windsor are really, you know, they're good people. They're, they're, they're every day people, but they're, you know, they have two murders in Windsor Ontario a year. Right. And one's a nice and one's a baseball bat or something. Yeah. And not all of the sun is in crap. Well, they murder them gently up there. Yeah. They're going to be a little bit more likely. And now I know Detroit and Michigan was looking at, they're going to have a commission check out whether they should have gambling casino. Well, as usual, see that's what happens when you wait too long. Somebody gets the, gets the jump on you in your dead man. That's what happened. Yeah. And one of the things I was growing up, young time ago, my dad used to take my sister and I on Sunday nights, the guy had his bar clothes and he let his personal customers in. And we were used to watch the Red Wing games Sunday night. Yeah. When there was Abel Lindsay and how? At the Olympia, right? At the Olympia. Yeah. He lonely was playing. Right. All I'm good guy. How about Delveco? Alex Delveco. Yeah. Marcel Proneval. Right. And when you play them tapes, and with the, and the announcer, it just makes you all hair stand up in the back of my neck. If I really used to love listening to people. You'll hear it. Yeah. Oh, there's nobody like Bill Hewitt. Right. Really great. And by the way, I mentioned that I had dinner with Brian Murray, the other night, and the Jeff Rimmer, and we were talking about Bill Hewitt. But, I mean, all these people give me these bogus stories. He's doing just fine. He's living on some farm up in an northern Ontario, and his wife is alive and are doing great. And whatever, all these people keep Tommy like he's, some kind of a recluse that he's got a brick and property for a crab. Yeah. Fine said that he's doing great is what Brian should. As we're Brian, she's built huge student greedy. I still can't just get newsy. Yeah. Well, I wouldn't be nice if they could have hockey like they used to go. Yeah. I could get rid of all these expansion teams, except the empers really damn, but to give it to everybody else. I just like the baseball. The water down, man. It's like life. It's all been watered down. Yeah. They used to watch him game zero to zero, but it was really good. You know, it's all good defense and got proper in them. But anyway. See, they say baseball is boring. It's not boring. It's just most of these guys who are playing the game today are boring. That's the problem. Oh, man. I think of the money they make and I probably could have made a $4,500, myself being a bad boy. There you go. Yeah. Okay, pal. Okay. Thanks. Have a great life. Take care of us. See you. What the hell happened to my bill? You had stuff here. Jesus. I'm the stalling and stalling because quite frankly, the last part of that call was not that well, any of it was okay. But what's going on over here? What the hell is going on with this thing, man? You talk about people, fill it around. It's probably that guy named Jethi Forst. He just poked his head in the air for a second or two. He said, well, it was an ice-free bein' vagus. You're gonna say, man, you got a rough life, default. And then he's telling me how much he likes Larry Letterman calling the races in Atlantic City. Larry Letterman. I'd rather hear David Letterman call to the Larry Letterman who makes a mockery of our great sport. I can't think of the face yet. Wait a minute, I go see the girl. So anyway. It's 137. Bill is you with his god. That's all I need to say. You know the rest, Mike Lang, Bill is you with Danny Gallivan. You know what we're talking about? That's right. You did all we're talking about Dan Kelly. Now you're talking some real hockey analysis. Okay. We're not talking about these bush leakers like Chris Moore. We're talking about the greats like Fred Cusy. Now you're talking. We're not talking about these second-rate guys like Jigs McDown. What kind of an aim is that anyway, Jugg? It jigs. Huh? And by the way, the jigs is up in the, for the islanders man, he's out. He took a walk. He took a walk. He took a walk. He took a chance. And now of course, Mike Amherk is got. And there's another tourpie guy. You talk about subpar. You guys at Foxman get rid of that Mike Amherk. If you want to do some real hockey, get rid of Mike Amherk in Dick Stocks and all those guys wouldn't know a hockey, Pucky B.S. That does not have their ass. A. 137 at Wild. Bellman. I passed the head of the jungle. Over the blue line. I picked pass. I'm trying to go through. It's a hit. Yeah. Yeah. And Wild. Burning up foam lines all over South Florida. What's the session with Hoking? Every Joe Hanson, a line in the gun hope. I had to relay it from a moment. Hick up by Bob Born. Born in sex. He's got a seat. Bitter. Really? He didn't go. He ain't got a seat in the gun. He's all but first. He's a great. He's a big one. Very good. Very good. Yeah. He's a big one. And he can't really. I just harass him. He's like a good one. He loved it. I just got my camera. You can't carry the disease. It's about the honor behind him. Look out here. The honor comes out by the day. He's a great man. He's a great man. He's a great man. The honor is very very nice. Always a loving side. It's just carry a beard. I'm not going to play one of them. Oh, she wants to sell my money. Okay. 140 to a Wild. They don't come much better than that. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Great. Doesn't Neil. I've been looking for years. Yeah. I appreciate what you're saying today. How discouraged you get. I'm frustrated. I got it. I got it. Just the press to a side of the morose. But okay. Absolutely. I understand. Yeah. Let me tell you something. There's a lot of them. I'm sorry. I'm not going to get the call. One day a week. It's only down off. At work. Can't call. A lot of it's out there. I'm going to turn around. What's going on? Like with a police officer. Yeah. Things that are taking place there. That gentleman that called earlier that said, well, he's going to get disability. And it's in there. Neil, like you said, the guy put his life on the line. Well, wait a minute. First of all, when a guy says they all those other couple of guys that call sounded like sergeants. I mean, at that point, you just discarded a pin anyway. What is a sergeant sound like? It's the most stupid thing. I mean, I know a Dick sergeant sounded like, but he's kind of dead now. But other than that, what is a sergeant sound like? I don't know Neil. I thought that was the most tedious thing I ever heard. Yeah. I'm just a professional jackass. You know, we're so desperate to find good cops. We got the mark firmens in the world. We got all these jackasses out there. We just want to harass people. And we finally find some good cops who put their ass online. I'm nearly get killed. And this guy starts doing his union busting crap. Absolutely. And you know, I think, discouraging. And I know how you feel. You're the idiot out here. They take them kind of comments. Yeah, I'm not a police officer. I work in the restaurant business. Matter of fact, I talked to you a long time ago from Boston market. Yeah. And I only get a call like once a while. But when I heard that, I was on my way home. And I heard that I got, I got really annoyed. And I can appreciate where you're coming from about the attitude and the intellect of people around here. It's incredible. But that comment really just got under my skin. Because these guys, whatever they are, aren't, they're out there putting their life online. Yeah. And there's good and bad in everything. Okay. And every field. And this guy put his life online to try to save two kids. In addition to which I lived in plantation now for the last, I don't know, 79 years at least. And believe me, there aren't too many poverty-stricken people. And the plantations got lots and lots of money. They got a big tax base that they can't take care of these guys. And there's something really wrong somewhere. I know, Neil. And when you consider all the money, they spend on, on crap. Yeah. You know, a cap is a little bit of a million. That's right. A spend more money on, on crap. And then they don't do something that's really important like this. I live in Hollywood. But I can't achieve you. I will be a plantation. I will be there. Good for you. Because something needs to be done. Okay. Neil, thanks for your time. Thank you. Bye-bye. See you. You're not allowed to do that. Didn't you hear the lyrics there? That's the most disgusting thing I've ever heard in my life. No one of these got, no one of them kept him in bed all the time locked up. See, you weren't even paying any attention. Listen to the lyrics. Scored, Scored? I rest my case. You never heard Jerigarcee sing any kind of crap like that. That was disgusting. Okay. Let's go to a sunrise, hello. Hello. Who's swapping down the deck? Yes, sir. Hello, Neil? Yes, I am. Yeah. I just want to first of all agree with the last call. I'm going to be here. Even though I live in sunrise and I'm the low-gear age of 50, I'm going to be at the good. Good. I'll tomorrow. Great. And I also would like to say that. It's not tomorrow. It's next Wednesday. Okay. I'll go with you. But I like to thank you for the past 15 years. My wife has been trying to get me to go to Las Vegas. And I kind of listened to you. I just got back. And we stayed at the luxury. Right. And it was amazing. Yeah. I've never been there before. And you're right. You don't have to gamble to have a good time. How is it possible that the people in this state can be so stupid, especially ones who have been out there and seen how great it is, how little crime hockey and walk the streets. And they come back and say, oh, we don't want to have that here. How is it possible? I don't know. In fact, that's all I kept saying. I can't believe it was too weak to be hawking a morning. Yeah. People addressed with all kinds of gold and diamonds and money, won't go over the streets and nobody's even battening night. Yeah. I mean, it was it was one experience that was just fantastic. And I really have to thank you for it because, you know, you keep speaking about how great it is there and you really don't have to be a gamblet enjoy it. Yeah. You're right. I mean, there are so many things going on. It's really over here. You know, you're 10 o'clock. They're rolling the streets. Over there. It was just incredible. I don't really have to tell you about it. But for any of your listeners, he's right. You do not. You cannot believe what it's like to walk around free for a part of the morning with the streets full of people. Everybody minding their business. There is so much security around there. The streets are so clean for the amount of people that are there. The if it's seen us outrageous. You could just stay in the hotel for one day and just not taking all the sides from the one hotel. I'm glad you enjoyed it, pal. Well, thank you. Have a great day. You too, sir. I got you there. I got you there. Good work. What do you look so far? What do you look so far? What do you look like? That's the very original right there. I mean, these are all original owners, particular CD. But some of them, they poskyed around when they did little fine tuning, a little re-challeng. I give me the original. Okay. Don't try to butcher them up so much when you do these best of collections and you spend 14 or 15 or 12 bucks for a CD. Don't go dittling around. Okay. Don't go dickhead with my music and just leave it the way it was. Rolling stones and something else we played. But anyway, we're going to play them right together. We're going to play sidewalk surfing by Jan and Dean and. Catch you away by the beach voice. Okay. When I say one, okay, got it. Ready, got your finger on it there. Three, two, one. Catch away. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Okay. You got it. See where two slow. You're too slow, man. I hit it when you said this thing has got a hang time. So I should wait. I'll wait. I'll wait a pause. Three, two, one. Come on. This this is for everyone. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. We thank you. It's aamous show we don't want to hear this one. I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you, I'm a little bit tired of you Okay, kello, I can't take it, I can't stand a jannon Dean kello, two better about that crash Here's a parkland, hello Yeah, I knew all you doing How was that? Yeah, something else That was short That was pretty close, don't worry, you didn't do that I did it about like Pretty close I would say this and I would call sooner but I'm out of vacation and a piano vacation I'm taking my house so I'll be listening to you guys in about the 630 this morning. Yeah. Running kicked them before the rain came. I want to say was this guy from Carl Springs when he called up and he had already tampered with his dad. I think what he was trying to tell you. I mean, am I am I? I said you can sit down and talk about things like I heard you talking about spoken the Sikara's earlier. Yeah. Would you pass it? Not to you. You're just being yourself. You're just saying something about it. But to me, it was funny. You say it. Yeah. But you can appreciate it because it's coming from you. I appreciate it. Well, I appreciate this end of the show tremendously. I'm not laying down on my end of the job. I'm fan. You're right. Yeah. Don't worry about it. I got more and more people in my ass. I got more brains and more within there. Most of these people put together. They almost think about it. And I know it. Okay. So what he say is that you really don't need those calls. You got a course. And then I can say your point of view too. I mean, you don't want to do all the stuff talk, you know, talk for four hours straight. Of course not. I don't know. So anyhow, I mean, if you feel like you're talking to yourself, or if I come here anyway, every day, and I feel like I'm talking to myself. So what's the difference? It's a good point, you know. Okay. But like, you know, with me, I was the only time that I can clear actually call you. It's one of my vacation and that working. You know, you just gave me a great idea. You know, I think tomorrow I'm going to come in. At least to the first hour, I'm going to talk to myself. In other words, I'm going to do. No listen. I'm going to do both sides of the conversation. I'm not going to do like some fake voice like, I don't want to mention anybody names. I don't because I don't do that. And I don't work off other people's routines. But I'm just going to talk to myself. Both sides of conversation. You follow? I think it could be pretty good. And it might just set me a whole new format. Now, you got you to thank for it. I'm going to have, yes. One question. Oh, yeah. You know, you're always on a record. And I think it's great. Did you really get to the show? Did they ever put on your show? Oh, no. God forbid. I think I want to say it. No, they, when Rick comes out of his show, man, people start impaling themselves. I don't know what it is. But there's just something about him. Now, plus when you get up that, it's that hour and a morning at four o'clock at a morning to come in to a show. You don't want to stick around a minute longer than you got to. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Oh, he didn't want to. Well, I don't want to. I have a great day. You're too bright. I'm going to say it again when Dennis Wilson drown. That was so much of a greater tragedy than when Jerry, Jerry Garcia, Jerry Wilson, Garcia, died. I mean, not even a kind of a kind of a kind of a kind of Garcia died. I mean, not even a contest. Yeah, like this did the greatful day to every American show. Like this. That airbie man, well, then a child gets sick on the two of us. There are nothing. My God, it just makes you breathless and makes you want to lie on your up past date. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Dennis Wilson, Dennis Wilson. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, there's sure no grateful data. I'll tell you that. I mean, you know, we can like different things. I've said that before. We don't all have to like go vanilla ice cream or cherry Garcia or other boring stuff like that. But it's just it's just the fries my ass that there are people who are and of course most of them are fried, which is why they like that crap in the first place. But I've got the best of them. See, immediately you say the beach boys, they're like 6,000 different song titles that roll in the middle of the melody runs through your brain. Instant recognition. You say the grateful dead is what you got. What do you got besides Ben and Jerry's ice cream? What have you got? Here's Hylia, hello. I definitely agree with you about the grateful dead. It's just a Gulosh, I don't know what. Gulosh is a good word for it. Gulosh. I hate to say this to you, but Jan and Dean came out before the beach boys. You don't understand Brian Wilson wrote the song. He did. Wilson wrote the songs for Jan and Dean. I didn't know that. They were good buddies. Jim Barry and Brian Wilson. That's trivia. I did not know. There you go. I'm in high L. E. M. I'm going nuts over here. I don't know what happened to the English language. I don't know. I don't know. How long have you lived there? Well, I've been living here for 14 years. I own property. And you're just discovering this? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. There you go. Yeah. I go everywhere. That's what I'm here. I'm George's going to shower. Look on his post because he figures you're starting to rip Julio's again. It's the only thing that's right. I think we should just say the month and month. I'm going to let him hear Rick in such 24 hours a day. Okay. They're on their way right now. Have a great day. Let me go. I still a way. Okay. He's just kiddin' around with those raw with you, George. And the one good thing, you know, I very rarely drive the Paul Middle. But once I got away back from the airport for my international, that's generally one of the ways to go. And you drive through highly on the Paul Middle now. And you look around. All the signs are in English. And I think, I'll be goddamn. The signs are used to be not too many years ago. You drive on a Paul Middle anywhere by Hylia. No speaking English, baby. Everything going to spawn you all. And now the signs are all in English. If this guy seems surprised by it. Oh, he's not surprised. He's just having his just a little conversation. He's slow. He's not slow. He's having a little conversation. No thing up in Hylia. And he's having a real problem with that cheese aroma in Hylia. Because the cheese in the Spain falls mainly. Here's their gone on air. W-I-O-D. Yes, no worry. Okay. Just got back from the great right north last week. Yeah. And guess who has the book? Remember the big M? Frank Mahavla. Right. He's got the diet book. No way. I'm scared. Frank Mahavla is just going to get his diet. I had lunch with him on the way. I'm 27. Frank Mahavla. You got it. He even harvested Mahavla. It's okay. Here we go. He did it just for the blood pressure now. Yeah. Because he had a blood pressure prop. How's he doing? He's doing great. He's just getting old and getting slow. Yeah. I've seen him in some of those exhibitions. Yeah. He could get a little punchy. He could use the ad. He would love this. He loved it because of the blood pressure. And I told him about you and your blood pressure. Yeah. The damn he said, don't want to give it a try. Are you serious? Yeah. I just thought I'd mention that. I just got back. Alright. Neo Rodgers saves Frank Mahavla's life. He's got. Alright. Thanks, Pally. Let me try. He's a best programming consultant. Oh, I can say his. He's a good. I know the hell. 610 W-I-O-D. By any portloader, how news talk and entertainment radio. 610 W-I-O-D.