I have no life. I kill Nicole. I don't give it shit anymore. All right, let's see how the jurors please I've listened every day to test I'm only another thing. I used to watch him playing football games But now that doesn't mean a thing. Now I love to go up and suck with this alone. I feel like I'm the one in jail. He put drugs on. They didn't fit in quite a ride. He put them on. They looked like they were too tight. I'm at the old J trial. I've been stuck with the old J trial. It just keeps going on and on. But now I tell you the truth. I think there's plenty of proof that shows him murder. His ex-wife just lick him. I think he murdered his ex-wife. He murdered his ex-wife. Okay, everybody's jumping up and down like Wumpel stills good. This is D Day. Nobody expected it this soon. So they got a capitalized on it. They got a milk it for all they can and the course in the days after. You know, how many days that's the we ought to take up a office pool on it. How many days after today after they rent a verdict or want to clock this afternoon? Can a media continue to milk this thing continue to bleed it, squeeze it. How long before we get the mini series, the screenplay, the movie, the made for TV movie. How many days before the jurors books get into print? I mean, it's just the circus just never stops. And here it says in the paper this morning, that works stand to read big profits with TV coverage. No crap, huh? What a surprise. Just milking and make out there. Spread gold, many says they're going to find him guilty. Can you imagine the scene in that courtroom when they read that verdict and want to clock this afternoon, which you will hear right here, of course. Can you imagine if they come through with a knock-gildy verdict? What Fred Goldman is going to do? There is going to be a scene in that courtroom, the Lexi which you have never seen. The little judge is going to be sitting there banging his gavel, having an nervous breakdown, trying to get the order in the courtroom, which quite frankly, hasn't since the beginning anyway. And it's going to be a mess. First of all, there's a myth about this whole business. Okay, there's a real myth about the whole O.J. trial and the whole thing. And that is that somehow O.J. Simpson is, he's representative of black man in America who've been oppressed. O.J. Simpson is a multi-millionaire. He's kind of like the Michael Jackson of football. Michael Jackson is some shade of black last time we checked maybe very light, but still some shade of it. And somehow with all of his millions and billions of dollars, he's been able to escape the long arm at law. They maybe took a little peek here, little peek over there, but at the same time his ass is still running around and doing all these deals by and out Sony and the doing his fake thing with Lisa Marie. He still running around on a loose because Michael Jackson is not what criminal justice with black men is all about in America. And he there's O.J. Simpson. O.J. Simpson is a rich guy who lived in Brentwood who was loved by everybody. The cops used to come to his house all the time. Used to guide them a pool table. But anyway, you know, and I'm watching a ball game yesterday. And I'm flipping back and forth because I did see that they were back in court again for the reading of the Alan Park, direct examination, which the jury didn't want to hear the cross examination, only the direct. And another desperate half ending goes by and Randy Johnson's struck it out every every angel that comes up to bat. And I flip back over again luckily just in time to see the little judges sitting there again. And I'm thinking to myself, what is he doing on there now? I know they're all through listening that testimony having it right back. And I turn up the audio nice and loud and I hear him make the pronouncement that they've got a verdict. And he says, right tomorrow, one o'clock Eastern time 10 a.m. Pacific right in the middle of the Neil Rogers show will be announcing the verdict on here. That's what the little jab judge said. I said, all right judge, nice going. He takes instructions well. I always like a little judge who takes direction. Okay. So one o'clock. We're going to have it. So immediately after that, I mean, you look at O.J. and you look at Carl Douglas, especially Carl Douglas, look like he didn't know what to scream or eat. He was just what what do I do now? Because he's sitting there all alone because they're not expecting any verdict in three or four hours. So naturally Johnny Cochlan's out doing book signings and the Shapiro's out at getting ready for a young kipper. But I can you imagine if this would happen yesterday this afternoon. They would have said, oh no, we're not going to have the verdict read on your own kipper. You'll have to wait till Thursday. Then the media could really have milk this baby man. If the judge was only Jewish, if he just had some common sense and hey, just dummy up for a day and we can really milk this. So when the meantime, you know, and then of course on the other side, Chris Darden sat there just looking like a walking cubal. I mean, like, you know, I don't know what to do myself. And all the experts come on and they said, well, because ordinarily 99% of the time that especially in a lengthy case, when the jury comes back real fast, 99% of the time it means in a quiddle. But in this particular case, because the only testimony that seemed to be in debate, the only thing, and this is what Martius said was the linchpin of the whole prosecution case was the limo driver, Alan Park his testimony. And they come back and they listen to that and they say, okay, we got it. And then they want the verdict sheets and they come back and no time it all say, okay, we got it wrap it up. We're going home. We got a meeting with our publisher at 230 tomorrow. And so we're going to have it. So that was the immediate response was, okay, they got a guilty verdict. You may not have expected this, especially with nine blacks on a jury since it's been made into such a racial deal, but surprised he's going to be found guilty. But in the hours that have ensued since then, as more rational and more communes have started thinking about the whole deal, it's very dubious. Just if they come in with a guilty verdict this afternoon, it will be one of the greatest miracles in the history, not just of jurisprudence and the history of the human race. So I find it very difficult to believe. I would like to believe it because from very early on is the evidence mounted. I don't care how many calls he made on his cell phone in the Bronco, because he sure not got to call up his friends and say, I killed a bitch. Okay, you got to help me out. He's not going to say that. So what difference did it make what he said? But I just I just cannot believe that they're going to come in with a guilty verdict. But I'm sure we'll find out from you. Everybody's got an opinion. Everybody's running around. Everybody's getting their work done this morning, because they want to get off so they go home by one o'clock this afternoon. And the saddest part of the whole deal, yesterday right off the bat, as soon as they announced that they had a verdict, they were going to bring it in today. They have all the shrinks on, all the psychiatrist are on now. Why do we get to do about the withdrawals syndrome now for all these people who've been involved in this for the last eight months. It's been their whole life. What a sad commentary on America today that this has become everybody. This has become an excuse for a life for millions of people. And I'm going to ask you the question one more time, how is this verdict going to change your life or mine? And if you can answer me that question, you've got the sixty four dollar challenge, baby, and this one ain't even fixed. How do you like that? Stan and I would jump in front of a bullet from the coal. I don't give a shit anymore. All right, good morning ladies and gentlemen, just so there is no misunderstanding. Everybody's seen lately they will waste time. If you're going to keep doing that, I'm going to stop you right here. How am I going to see the area in the school for? Council is full line needs to be done in a different way. And now here it is again. You know, you're on her in the same day. I'm going to stop you right here. Everybody, you see the way they run. I think that I was your share. I'm going to tell you for the fourth time. No, sit down. This is much to do about nothing. Sit down. No, I'm serious. You just think you're on it. This is very unfair. Sit down. That's very unfair. Sit down. Are you a freight of misclare? Sit down. Where do he says? Okay, 10 17 and a WOD. How are it? Think of it as a normal. How are you doing? What do you think? What do you think? I really enjoy. I've never really put your show on. Somebody very close to me. Tell me to watch. It's an accurate. Okay. There's a. All right. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It's a radio show. It'll catch a blast that falls off. The two green lines. Even giving boxes or cocharming blocks. Just breathe out for a place. Right. The train goes in. How many one of us are going to tell us now. that I worked as a courtroom clerk for 15 years in the federal system. Yeah. And it has been my experience that when the jury comes back this quickly, it's conviction. It's guilty. Really? Yes. And I feel the same way this time. So in other words, you really believe this jury is going to come back with a conviction. Yes, I do. OK. All right. I hope you're right. Thanks. Bye. Open line of day, 751, WIOD. Let's do North Miami on a broader line. Hello. Oh, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, by the way, I didn't want to talk about, but I think he's guilty too. But a second degree murder. I think that's what they're going to find. What do you mean second degree? I thought they have a choice between first and second or second degrees of that rage of passion, killing. And I think that's what I just think. I think they're going to find a job. I think I'm going to be, how come he had the knife that with that? Well, you know, I really don't know. He can't. And all the other. Well, just because he had a with him doesn't mean it's pre-meditated. Yeah, he just have it around. Yeah. Like when kids go to school, you know, when they're armed, and they got their knife, they're switched played and they're gone. I mean, they're not necessarily going to use it. They have a just in case if they get pissed off at that day. You never know. Right. OK. Anyway, I think the problem goes. Let me ask you this, this Brent Gretzky at that the Leaps have? Yeah. Is that Wayne Gretzky's brother? Yes. It is. Yeah. And number two, did the devil's trade claw in the mule? No, they did not. They had a big squabble with him about money. And he says that he's not going to play there. But we'll see. You know, that always happened. Just like Brod durin' a finely side-hand mule, see? OK. Thank you, don't. OK. We've got enough frogs running around. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. Here's Carl Gable's. Hello. Yeah, I do it. OK. I'm under percent behind you, man. I believe exactly what you're saying. And your house has not been behind me. What did I say they were? No. I mean, it's about time, this, this, the bottle is over. Yeah. Get back to real life. Exactly. I don't care if he's guilty or not. I'm going to go back and watch my soap. There you go. Now you're talking. Go back to what's gays of our lives. Right. Oh, my God. And now that you mentioned that, what's going to happen to the young and a hungry day, which is probably going to get pre-entered with the pre-game show. I bet the soap opera industry is going on. Think if I get the ratings back up. Yeah, there you go. And one more thing. Yeah. How about the Mariners? How about them? I love them. They're my favorite. Well, they're not my favorite team, but good luck to them. OK, I can ask you one thing. Yeah. Why? They're the hell West champions. Why are they visiting teams over to New York? Who's the wildcard? Well, the way the whole thing is set up is crazy. Maybe because the Yankees want up with a better record one game. I have no idea. I don't know. The whole way the thing is with this two and three business, it's set up really bad. You know, just like the way the televised thing is set up this year. If Yankees were, if it was the way it used to be, Yankees would even be here. It'd just be Seattle in the Philippines. OK, well, have a nice life. Open line in date. 75. I'm starting to disagree. I think OJ is more important than anything in the world. You know what, based on him, two other lines on the Green Line's Boca West Palm, etc. 1-800-944-494-6363, 1022 at WIOD. One o'clock baby, we're going to be into it. We're going to be on top of it. We're going to be underneath it. We're all going to be hanging out here all day long. We're after the verdict is in. We're going to analyze it. We're going to, what is there to say? You know, and I want you to keep in mind by the way, it's not like it used to be. Whether you stay like a whole bunch of paperwork and the big song in advance. Now the deal is, if he gets off, if they come up with an acquittal at five minutes after one o'clock, he can't get off. He can reach down there on that table top. Pick up his pencil, his legal pad, all of his goodies, and walk out that door and get in the car and audio is right under freeway. In fact, the rumor has it that alcoholics is going to pick him up. And they're going to do it. They're going to react the thing on a freeway. We'll find out what the first one was really all about. 16, WIOD, bullet brief, and a damn good thing. Does the juice get loose or does he meet Bruce? His new roommate for life was on like a moose. Okay, we'll find out one o'clock 1027 at WIOD. See that channel 7's month and they ran yesterday. They got everybody crazy that we was Patrick Fraser that was totally irresponsible and the little premature evaluation. See they just figure we'll keep running it every day and sooner or later it'll be right. It's like if I said, hey, today's December 23rd. And I just keep saying that every day sooner or later it will be. Here's Wes Miami. Hello. How are you doing? Okay. Yeah, I got two things. First on the act in the diet of the 30 pounds and five inches off my purpose. Oh, great. All right. It is a very great diet. It is. The second thing, why isn't anybody talk about the blood that was missing when they drew OJ's blood? What do we want to say talk about it? First of all, they don't know how much they drew in the first place. Well, the guy in first said 7.9 to 8.1. We have a day also said that the syringe that they looked at the back of it. He didn't really see exactly how much it was. He wasn't paying any attention and quite frankly what difference does it make anyway. That's true. And another thing, I guess you'll find something as it's not going to affect my life either way. Okay. All right, Neil. Okay, Palli. See, there's a guy who's honest. I mean, he's just an ordinary like Schmol, like the rest of us. And he realizes this is going to change the life. But the thing of it is all these housewives, these millions of women out there. They thought they had a life when we were watching Oprah in the Sally and all these other shows. They thought that was a life. And then forget about that. Now they got OJ, baby. This was a substitute life for millions and millions of people, mostly women. Mostly housewives who sat on their fat ass, getting fatter and sassy in the house day after day, watching his crap. Okay. This became their life. They knew. And I still say that piece on headline news over the weekend where they went out and they interviewed these people at a shopping mall. And they showed them pictures of Janet Reno and the vice president. All these other people. I don't know. Oh, but here's Johnny Cockman. Hey, Johnny. It's the judge. There's the little judge. They knew everybody with the OJ trial. But the guy damn president. I don't know. Here's a blanket. I don't know who that is. Got what appeared. Oh, look at look at Carl Douglas. They're showing that thing yesterday where the judge says the jury's got a verdict. And Carl Douglas didn't know whether to eat the whole guy damn banana plantation. Look at that. He says, Oh, my God. How the hell can I have left me here for this? So let me ask you how many PMs you think OJ did overnight, huh? Here's Hollywood on a purple line. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Today's guilty. OJ's a douche bag and two all those liberal bleeding hearts. I can't believe that the jury can convict them after only three hours. They should wake up and smell the coffee. Go to court because they convict people on less of charges. And, um, I'm lesser charges. Yeah, I like speeding. Exactly. And, um, you know what? We should call up Betty Ferguson and proclaim today. Okay. Have a nice day. Yeah. All right. Let's start building the arena right now. Case group buddy. Uh, you first open line on a purple line. Pound I O.D. If you have AT&T wireless or whatever in hell are crawling at these days, here's dear field beach. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. He's as guilty as sin. If they come back with a, uh, a not guilty verdict, it'll be the biggest, biggest miscarriage justice that's ever going down. If this was Hollywood and it's close to it, it would happen will be like a young and a whore and he sort of thing. He comes in not guilty. Fred Goldman pulls it gun out. Shoot them dead on the scene. They get the not guilty like they want. Fred Goldman gets justice. The day's named after him. He goes to trial. Star and Thursday because they can't. They can't start the trial in young. Kippur. Yeah. And he here for right now. Fred Goldman will be dot guilty too. How would you think of that? And, Mark, your Clark will be the prosecutor. That's a good deal. Have a good day. Okay, pal. Thanks. Good scenario. Okay. We got to keep this soap opera going. Hey, it's possible. I mean, there are a lot of people who have been saying that if he gets off Fred Goldman's going to off him like very, very soon. Like right on his way out the courthouse, he might chase that Bronco right down a freeway. That could be the next freeway chase. It's Fred Goldman chasing after the Bronco with about four oozees in the car. And, you know, everybody will be out there rooting. Come on. Go, old J. Go, Fred. And, of course, don't do it on your own Kippur though Fred. That would be bad. So let's get to think over with early before sundown. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Great. Well, I have no idea, you know, because I figure they could have gone in free to both either way. But I just, I have a funny story. My mother's in China. She's over there for a year. Yeah. I talked to her this morning. And I haven't heard anything on the news about the huge monsoon that just went through Hong Kong. But anyway, you're in your nitpicking. Now don't you understand, sweetheart. Those are things that are trivial compared to OJ. But they all know that. I mean, we got the Nazis are taking away our rights. They're taking away Medicare and Medicaid and welfare. They're taking away everything. They're turning this into a fascist state. But nobody is concerned about that. They're concerned about OJ. But they have no clue over there is my point. She's like, well, I'll be listening to the news. I'll be watching the news at one o'clock in the morning. They would have been and got for a bit that he, you know, gets off. Yeah. Thanks to CNN international now, we polluted the brains of people all around the globe now. We've got, we've got the cyclists complete. Exactly. All right. That's it. Good luck. Open line on the purple line, pound IOD, two hours and 38 minutes away. But who's counting? Okay. Two hours and 38 minutes. We're going to be in. Let's make sure that the, uh, whatever it is, see, they're playing Little ping pong back at a judges chambers, warming it up, getting it ready, baby. So you don't have to panic. We'll be on top of it like a blanket. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Was that Scott Shopen on the spot? Yeah. Does he work in the deline? Scott Chapin is in the, is Indy Troy. Scott Chapin does production for TV stations all over the country with that same Phony Gravelie voice. Channel seven years. You know, that's Scott Chapin. He's a douchebag. Right. Okay. Best call of the day. Open line at date 751 WOD and highly overrated. And spite of what George says. I can't stand at Phony Gravelie. When did I ever defend him? Oh, you think Scott Chapin is great. When did I ever say that? Or is it Adam or Scott? He's great. He blows. He's pathetic. And by the way, he also is on channel 7 up in Boston, which is owned by the same douchebag and he's a man from the next door. And like I told you before, they're also like on the verge of that historical news, but like a couple of steps back because the people in Boston got an IQ bigger than their penis size, which is more than I can say for the people down here. Okay. So the people up there would never put up with historical news all day. Just like short of it. Here's Papeno. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are we going to get rid of these pethic key buffalo belt? Okay. Where we going next to, you know, save your football for a rainy day. Okay. Will you please the pesky buffalo bills who win the year and they give me 85 chances and he finally kicks the field goal against Vinnie Testi, Birdie. Okay. Forget about those people. Let's get to the important stuff. It's all Jay, baby. There is no football without the juice. So to him up. He's playing for the goddamn dolphins next week. Him and Benny Blades. That's right. Here's homestead. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. I don't know what's going on, Lily. Football players. I mean, it seems like the Miami dolphins have the biggest squad of four. Yeah. The thugs squad. Yeah. They should be four. Oh, Jay Simpson out with an East Brake for the rest of his game. So he couldn't even play on Sunday. Yeah. They could start the whole week. I think Johnny's cockman was right. And they put football on the Olympics. They're the only little dream team. I hear nothing. I see nothing. I know nothing. Oh, this guy might be going to boys. He hang on, pal. We'd like to send him there. Line two. Take him real quick. Okay. And register him for the tragic trip. We're doing that in the middle of this. Get serious. So hope sound. Hello. Yes, sir. You think there's a possibility that the judge delayed the verdict announcement because he's worried about LA and the possibility of riot. Of course. Of course. He, well, he had the excuse. He gave us because the, you know, only the flunky attorneys were there. But the, you know, part of it was it was three and a half to do an LA time. It was getting like the, you know, toward the end of the afternoon. And I don't think at any point he's wanted to do it either on a weekend or late in the day. And he didn't close to sundown when they could have some riots. You think there's the possibility that that happening? Of what happened? To riot. Of course. There's always that possibility, especially in LA. Yeah. They live to riot. Thanks, Neil. Okay. See, in a Rodney King case where they had an all-white jury or in the Arthur McDuffie case down here. Yeah. There was a reason for people to be very, very upset in the screaming. You'll not to riot and burn down their own neighborhood, which never solves anything. Or to go kill innocent bystanders like they did here. But nevertheless, there was a reason for people to really be pissed off. But anybody says now that this man didn't get justice, regardless of the verdict. I mean, this guy spent four or five million dollars or more. Had the greatest criminal defense attorneys that money can buy. And like I said, he's not your like discriminated against brother. He's got nothing to do with discrimination against blacks in America. I don't care how much of a racist mark for him and his or any other goddamn cop. OJ Simpson ain't the target. And if people are too blinded by their own racial psychosis to see that, then I feel sorry for us for all of us. The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOV are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. All WIOV programs are copyright 1995 by WIOV Incorporated. No take recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior business consent of WIOV. Incorporated. A kill in the coal. He likes a set of color people. He likes a fray and look color people. All the subfermen, triding to the brantwood of life with the glove in his bag. His other dance bag, wits at the promco, but there's no window to leave up to drop some floor. A smile jump in your arms, all the same heart forever. We're dealing that blood cut from all the same heart from the same heart from the same heart. He tried the blood he took. Simpson came till back from the background fries and rest to what kneels. A nice and unreal, I'm chasing nothing, jumping his arms in the bed. I saw him running there, and planting something. He's a set of color people down from the same heart. He's a set of color people down from the same heart. It's a beautiful thing. 1040 at WIOV. We have one open line in the green line. One 800, you know the rest. Here's the rail. Hello. Yes sir. A couple of things. I was just watching a good friend Susan Litchman now. Fox 11 news. Yeah. First of all, guilty, fraud him. No matter what happens, and I do think that. So in other words, even if they come in with an ocultive verdict for him anyway. Oh, why not? Okay. Second thing. I'm a friend, Eddie. He's finally bunched up. He's back on the diet. Yeah. You pulled his ear, sort of speak on the radio. Yeah. He's back on it. He loves it. He apologized for few sleep. And third of all, highly, highly responsible. What channel is doing yesterday with this verdict? And then we've got even no end. Yeah. Just ask the people on the Swiss board up front. Oh, God. I'll tell you. I bet you we probably had two people, Croco coronaries in town, just here in Patrick Fraser. There's a verdict in the ocultive. Of course he wasn't that far off. But he maybe needs a physical recycling. Mike died. And yes, that there were doing a couple of reports there about AM and talk radio. They didn't, they didn't show you guys. I figured, you know, they will show you since you're right next to each other. They were doing reports about AM radio or what? People calling in, boys in their opinion, so they showed 7 something and the other 9 something station. Yeah. All they hate us like poids. Oh, it shows. But maybe you're already breeds content. Well, we move away the lecus, but have a great day, pal. Take care. Open line in date 751 WIOD here's Cooper City. Hello. Hey, good morning. I guess you're okay. I got to tell you something that hasn't come up yet. Let's say they find O.J. not guilty. You think Gilgur city is going to take LA County and the prosecutors and go look for supposedly the real killer? No. That'll make him look like, really, you know, like crap. After he's a very, you know, prosecuted O.J. for over two years or over a year. Yeah. So he's not going to do that. So what? Well, what do you mean look for the real killer? Whatever. So they got leading him to anybody else. Well, well, who else? Who else? What? I had a motive. Nothing was stolen. No, I agree with you. I'm just saying, let's say they find him not guilty. Right. Suppose they're going to, they can't re, re try him. Exactly. Are they going to try to go for no. No, because they believe that he's guilty. And just because they can't get a conviction. Does mean that they're going to waste a lot of time. Start to look for somebody else. They're going to get Fred Goldman and O.J. Let's take care of the problem. He'll solve the old deal. That's why I was saying that. Not that we've already done the jury justice, but there's always exceptions. They're every ruling life. Here we go, Fred, baby. Florida's not far enough for O.J. to run. Let's put it that way. I mean, Fred's already in trouble. I've already given him 20 years for over acting. So a couple of, yeah, he's writing the head. Let's start with that. Same list request. Yes, sir. O.J. is going to get you. Okay. Open line of Broward 5249463524Wild. See, there are two, well, there's a whole bunch of different things here. But number one, whether you believe he's guilty or innocent, number two is whether you think the prosecution really did a good case, a good job of presenting the case and convincing the jury that he's guilty. And I got to be very honest with you. I have a lot of problems with the way they presented the evidence. And with some of the people they didn't call with the thing about the Bronco chase. I don't care how many people he called and said he was being framed. The fact is, if you believe you got a strong case and he's fleeing under these dubious circumstances, there's something really rotten. Don't meet the eye. In addition to which the black bag there at his buddy's house, that was lawyers house, they're all of these different things, man. It just really, they didn't do a good job of sticking to him on. Which makes it very, very, very difficult, almost impossible for me to believe that this jury of nine blacks and three whites, one or two, what is it? Two Hispanics or one? One, one Hispanic and two Anglo's, part of that expression. That they, in three and a half to four hours, that they said, Oh, yeah, they did a really great job. We believe Marsha, we believe Chris and there's no doubt in our mind whatsoever. And yeah, Mark Furman's a bad guy, but that's it. I mean, you know, maybe, but I think they did a really mediocre job in presenting the case. What do I know? Here's Del Rey on a purple line. Hello. You used to be such a nice boy. Let's go to Boca, hello. A Neil. Yes. Did you see the woman this morning that Harry Smith was interviewing on CBS morning news? No. The court observer. She was saying that when the jury came in yesterday with their verdict. Oh, yeah, I did see her. They were putting their eyes were downcast. When he didn't look at O.J. He said there was only one woman on a jury that looked over there and she gave him kind of a four-lorn look. Of course, that's men interpretation on her part. But she wasn't looking over there nodding and giving a high fives and stuff like that. Right. That doesn't mean it doesn't look too good for O.J. But, uh, but I mean, really, you know, people are, see, because we don't know. See, this is the thing. We're very upset because we don't know we got to wait to want to clock no matter what. And so people are trying to read things into whatever happened or didn't happen. And of course, we all have a tendency to read those things into based on what we're hoping for. Well, that's correct. That's correct. The reason why I called though, the most important thing going on right now. Yeah. Is the Red Sox Indians game going to be televised? Oh, I don't know. They got a thing here. If you need a good day. You do. And you're rocking. I got a thing here at a paper today about this game is going to be on here and that game is going to be on it. Of course, when you got two satellites, this is, you have pretty good confidence. You'll be able to pick them all up. Yeah, it's on, uh, right, our good close personal friend Rachel Alexander writes it here in a paper about And I wish gamers you're looking for. Red Sox and Indians. No. It's not going to be on regular TV. Satellite should be all pick it up. No. Right. Okay. Nesson or whatever the station is. The Indians, the team with the best record and baseball who wants to see that. Oh, of course. Right. 100 game winner. Oh, this is, you know, and then the one good news is that for next season, if anybody still cares by that time, they're not going to do it this way. They'll stagger the times like they used to instead having conflicting and regional telecast for playoff games, which is an embarrassment and a slap in a post. Well, that would only make too much sense. Right. Well, Neil, you have a great day. Hey, back to you. All right. Thanks to ABC and NBC for taking over baseball and screwing it up and everything else that they did. Okay. And then walking away and saying, hey, we don't want no more of this because nobody cares. Randy Johnson. I'm a great man. I watched that game yesterday. Pulling for my angels and, you know, Randy Johnson's invincible. He's unbeatable. He's unbeatable. He's unbeatable. And it was still a hell of a game. And spite of that. Lyingston did himself proud until everything came on. Gluten. That's seven. Thinning. Bad feeling. Bad bounces. Whatever you want to call it. But hey, wait till next year. Right. Okay. So anyway, we have two open lines. They're both on the green lines there in Boca and West Palm and Del Rey and Jupiter and Uranus, which your OJ is going to be moving up there if he gets off. So look out now. 1-800-9-44-9-463. Do you see Bailey on the news yesterday? Oh yeah, he's so confident. He's looking for that house in Palm Beach. He's out there looking for a house. I wonder if Kados is going to be moving in with him, huh? You know, that shiny blonde hair. That's an easy target, Fred. Almost like clockwork. The hurricane season quiet. And people start doing crazy things on land. They've called us. The Kentucky Fried Killer. Good morning at 802. I'm Jackie Baill. We're going to pay Maradio 610 WIOD. We're sharks in the key. Sharks in Congress. And a wake up call to Fidel. What happens next? We'll tell you. The best news. News talk in entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. On the bloody cloud. On the bloody cloud. On the bloody cloud. Just the liquef. Just the liquef. I went to go Jesus' state and something wasn't right. I took a walk on down the street and the took out my flashlight. And I suspected something funny when I saw father's blood. Then I jumped over the wall and the knocked on Kados' door. He told me that I've some thumbs he heard, so I looked around some more. And I suspected something funny when I found a bloody cloud. On the bloody cloud. On the bloody cloud. On the bloody cloud. On the bloody cloud. Next thing we knew. OJ went on a low speed run the ride. Now he's in and LHL just for double on the side. And I believe it's first to greet. Murder is guilty of. It's because of what he's cloud. Now, wait, what are you talking about? This is the important stuff. We're catering lunch on the day of OJ's verdict. And you give me a son to dance with the Jeff. Tell him their delivery person is in today. And so it's a good thing. We'll find him to cut him out of our life and get out of my face and go sell something. And step on about food all the time. Okay? Tell I'd fat slob to get out of my life. We'll look carell take care of us today because I'm not going to the dentist because they've asked me to stick around with filled a staff. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no This picture is what got the ladies in the newsroom, really psychotic in hysterical, then Andy says, just wait until you see this. And he, buddy, got good eyesight. Here's Kendall, hello. Bill Yes sir. M Caleb, me and Jerry talking to you up in here for a year now. And the shrimaver cameista Senseh, like this. When I get in front of work, you can't help but to be bombarded by the oj18. It's on the new than war. It's everywhere. You can't get away with a little away with it or from it. What are you going to Wait with it? what i honestly believe though is last night on channel seven when i had that mark during the one guy said i believe that he's a not guilty guilty man i honestly believe that uh... i think that the detective knew that he did it they felt that he was going to get away with it because of the fact that when how did the detective's nobody did it well i don't know it but i think that it was when they left and they came back maybe they discussed that they talked about it and they know here's a chance to get this case all let's go ahead and get the other reputation to police the part of the reputation back online with the american people uh... first of all they had no idea where he was but everything they ended up with a house anyway but they had no idea where he was they didn't know until much much later that he was in chicago doing at the herds commercial they had no idea where he was they also had no idea who we did it they had no idea whose blood was there at the crime scene i mean they've they pointed the south yesterday that if you if a police officer in Los Angeles is convicted of planning evidence especially in a capital crime like this they go up the river for life that's a life sentence now do you think that even mark firm and firm in the german you think that even he was it was so anxious to frame his guy because he was black oj simpson was hardly like your street court like a rodney king okay or a donkey even best that's true you do you do have a point but honestly though i think i think he did it and he's going to get off either way because what's going to happen in right at the fact that the jury is a question for so long i'm sure they've gotten information from relatives and from different sources here and i'm sure they know what kind of impact they're at their verdict is been a half yeah but see but i'm not but knowing that upfront what impact their verdict is going to have a how many months they spent on this i just it's still mind boggling to me to think that they really believe they've done justice to all of this and they've really digested an examin and discussed even if there wasn't this agreement that they really discussed all of this evidence in three and a half to four hours no i think they've discussed it throughout the whole year i think they they you you i don't care how they say they've been sequestered or or been or done the answer done that there's some kind of a gone information somehow they've talked about but you'll never prove that because that would be grounds for whatever i believe you'll never prove it but what i'm saying is he's going to get off the man is going to want and if a shame it really it and i think it's going to be an excuse for a lot of groups of people in an LA maybe to go back out destroy their communities and do all of that if he gets off if he get no if he if he if he if he's convicted yeah so i think that that you know that plays a part in all that their decisions and things and i think they're going to come out okay so in other words like johnny cocker and said let's get even and let's make this into a racial thing and forget there's two dead people and that's it absolutely okay thanks for the good news we have an open line in date 75 one wild the two green lines one thing about you people and pombie's man it makes no different this is the most monumental things since goddam slice bread since the Canadians invented smarties and you people are out there like brain dead up in pombie to one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three america wants to know man we're wired in from coast to coast from pillar to post all over the world are listing your guy damn opinions out there in the first woman from steward comes up and blurtz the effort out there on here what is that you okay and there's that very chic and there's uh johnny again would at silly stocking camp on who's been talking to them for like two and a half hours puts on a stocking cap and says who am i like admiral stockdale who am i a jackass with a stocking cap on johnny he'd not but and then how do you like that Lewis ferocon isn't he one of our favorite people see let me just give a little piece of advice to some of you black folks out there are we lies even you know no matter who you are in this country it's hard to find leaders i mean bobbas hardly that my kind of idea of a leader for anybody much less white people or green people but these guys like uh Lewis ferocon and Jesse jacks who are just shot the stirbers you know and running around in high me town and uh you know throwing every kind of a slur that they know about who the hell needs them besides uh mark firman maybe maybe the two of them could get together here's the sunrise hello yes sir what's going on can we do for a sir hey what's the bill for game no oh tell you something to back yeah okay open line in Broward 524 one on a green line 1809449463 here's coral geobiles hello okay i think i almost paid my hand possibly yeah um just whole time i just do the O.J. housed in our court court yeah i keep showing like how it's been going to find one of the space they make them look like i can serve this person oh then you saw his ponytail that was he right half of that totally howard finkle stines norm can't with a ponytail he is i thought it was so funny it's like channel seven trying to make him look like he's making conservative Republican in the nation conservative Republican then they show him as a hip-y right but what difference does it make what what is politics or i don't understand that well that's true but um you know how to have a seven is yeah it's here too with like big attention yeah and we okay have a nice day we have an open line in date 751 one and Broward 524 again some very thoughtful people here today in the W.Y. of the audience you see when you keep catering to these simple then mind out there to the silliness of the uh element in the community and then you have something serious come up and you think you're going to get some real intelligent input here forget it okay i just wanted to mention that in passing it's not frustration it's just an observation on my part okay i just mentioned that in passing here's Miami hello hello yes Neil explains something to me how does major league baseball schedule for game let's go to uh the uh and i see don't put her on okay i love her happy um you am kipper and all that but let's let's talk to some people they were trying to do a show there's a big event coming up here and we're dealing with this like this was chopped liver del Rey Beach hello on a purple line hello gone okay let's go to uh Miami Beach on the Broward line hello Neil yes sir how are you doing today okay got two questions for you when do you think uh judge needle is going to do the sentencing and also it's actually not a question but it's an issue that the fence brought up that they have a tape recording on the cellular phone yeah it's impossible for them to record that because uh if the cellular phone works on radio frequency you know just different the frequency jumps from power to power so you know that's cool okay and just the sentencing what do you think judge needle will do the sentencing when yeah um immediately i mean they're going to fry them immediately or what sentencing if convicted judge needle will schedule a sentencing hearing probably within 30 days at the hearing testimony from the victim's families is allowed the defense is allowed to argue for leniency the judge has discretion to determine whether the sentencing is run concurrently or consecutively so within 30 days okay one more thing yeah i'm a showing candle bye okay two open lines in Broward five two four nine four six three five two four double duido de here's Miami hello hey Neil yes sir you know one thing we got to remember the jury there what they seen is a lot different from our we see yeah you know i mean with they didn't see all the hype they didn't see the bronco chase over and over in here firman's tapes over and over i think he's there gonna be fine in guilty because he's uh what they seen is a lot different from what we see i think might be easier than we think to them to find him guilty and they may look at cavern and look at him away we look at him i get your yeah and uh i think uh i wasn't surprised when they came back so we're always okay i'm here what do you think i think there's always one thank you there's always one guy who's not surprised everybody also surprised he wasn't surprised because they him it's cut and dried like their throats president Clinton was brief this morning on security preparations in case divert it in the O.J. Simpson murder trial spawns violence why it has press secretary Mike McCurrey said Clinton was given an update on discussions by federal officials with state and local authorities on security measures in L.A. it makes good sense for us to be in contact with state and local officials that's what we're doing with her he said he said White House chief of staff Lee on penetta gave Clinton an update on the discussions that have occurred between federal officials largely at the justice department in state local officials they also showed him a picture of janitor reenown he said is that rose a low pass the foremost four letter words 16 W.I.O.D. Miami Fort Lauderdale this is the Neal Roger show this is your brain any questions ladies and gentlemen please welcome the tool newest New York Yankees Darrell Strawberry under Doctor Goodin and the personal coach Steve Hall Hall that's what I like to know that goodins in the wind up the straw man snorts the line up he's drooling like a dog who heard a bell he's high as a lab rat from smoking the crack at a bat he does in like cocaine just likes the way it smells snorting balls barrels rolling up the clam he snorting a ball and he's given good in clam he they lick the squanny dollar bill their teeth are grinding like a pepper mill doing a boss alcohol and pills he's Steve how is in the bullpen his nostrils are white open he's so f***ed up beating he's on the braves he gets advice from doc and doc prescribed some rock so first he blew a line and then he blew the save snorting a ball they abused the magic powders snorting a ball sprinkle it on that clam chowder prescriptions got perpetuable refill they do it in the pool if they had gills doing a boss alcohol and pills all that money all that a alcohol and pills I like a welcome you all aboard is your manager but hi well go mariner's baby eleven oh seven a waud less than two hours away and counting and you can just imagine the scuring around and the shuffling and the carrying on it's going on out there right now not just here all over the country man all over this country maybe in other parts of the world although I'll be honest with you I haven't noticed that much interest in Europe but I guess for this maybe they're the smart ones okay they just kind of sit back and ignore and they decide okay when you're going to give us a verdict then we'll pay attention and we'll discuss it for five minutes and we'll go on with our lives but not here man here it's like a hobby it's an occupation it's a fascination more but is it maybe and so at one o'clock this afternoon man will be on top of it will be all over it will be underneath it will be shoving it at you and then of course afterwards over after they give the verdict will be dissecting it will be examining it will be bitching about it no matter what the hell it is okay because we're gonna milk it for everything we can and if you want to buy a spot between now in one thirty it'll cost you ten million dollars okay we have an open line in Broward five two four nine four six three here's the fact that says if O.J. has found not guilty then Mickey Eris and will have a frog jump out of his ass oh here's Mickey over here look what just popped out okay let's take these calls because they're all very serious and very important here's Boca hello yeah you're the best yes I am hey how you doing great first off I want to say you are a hundred percent correct as whole country is completely obsessed and everybody's on pins and needles and there's nobody who's not gonna pay attention even the ones that say they are and now one person has been able to give me an intelligent answer to my question which I've asked for weeks now how is this gonna change anybody's life other than theirs out there the only July is unfortunately a change where the two victims right it's not gonna change any of our lives but everybody got sucked into it and now we just have to hang on but here I want to tell you about what I did it's even bigger than Windows 95 that's right listen to this I would that's a I'm a handyman working at this Boca Tica country club right with all these old Alta cauldron and they're all out at the pool the other day and I come up this was just a few days ago and I I yell off the balcony I said oh my god I said O.J. committed suicide because I think he thought they were gonna make him guilty they all jumped out of the pool and they all ran up into the condos and were turning on CNN all right and especially the ones that said they weren't following it yeah of course so anyway nobody's paying any attention I believe like my mother my mother has got that CNN on right now she's warming up the tubes on that set she's got it on so loud you can hear it for 100 blocks around I guarantee you I believe second degree murder and only because they came back so fast and they only wanted to hear Alan Park test the money which was he was coming in by himself and he lied as soon as he got there and said I I was asleep and we all know he was at McDonald's okay so they said I thought he was out there chipping golf balls while he was sleeping oh yeah he has a lot of these got more guy damn alibis than Carter's got pills and I still would like to know from Johnny cocky and all these dream team people who was that person running across the lawn running no less into a dark house knowing the security code to get into the house no alarm goes up and all of a sudden the lights go on that's my point I mean if you were inside wouldn't you go outside in the dark wouldn't you fumble around in a completely dark house go outside to get your cell phone so you can make a phone call even when you got all the phones in the house and then run back in and then turn the lights on that's right as much as much as everybody paints us to be a racial issue I think the 12 jurors are smart as we are and they just went in there and they said who thinks he's guilty and they all raise their hand they said let's pack and let's get the hell out of here okay take care and you'll see yeah okay we have an open line in the green line 1 80944 it's getting close now baby the tension is building you could cut it with a goddamn machete remember way I bet you're almost everybody is forgotten some of the first witnesses were the guys from the gun and knife shop member those guys to a Jeff Clark's buddies I think and they had the guy in there with the that sold him the knife and then of course found out that he was selling the story to the inquire or whatever was in got 10 grand that was like way way way back in a beginning who'd have remembers that here's for Lodder and then of course the glove in the envelope or the the knife in the envelope which what was it was a knife in an envelope here's for Lodder day on the purple line hello good afternoon the look at morning rather back to you yes how this is going to affect our lives yes this if we all realize now that the media is a bunch of turds and which is constantly getting bombarded bombarded I say guilty get rid of the guy in that tip but you're right you're going to come back with a murder and second degree I think I didn't say that yes you did that's no that's what the light and I did not the last guy said that what did you say Neil I said for an I said they're going to come back not guilty oh my goodness Neil no I'm hoping I'm wrong but I I can't see this jury coming back in three or four hours with a conviction well if yeah the the ending statements of of Chris Darden said he had a responsibility to to show the guilt or not guilty and I think that the mostly black jurors are going to come up with a guilty verdict because of the racial issue because it's in your face all the time and I think they're going to make a stand on that oh man okay one issue one other quick question Neil I know you don't like politics but with the gridlock in Congress and everything is a colonel I think he's a piece of crap is what I think I'm okay I think he's totally unqualified and you know you started out to call by talking about the media shoving stuff down your throat you better close your mouth real tight baby because never in history even Ross Piro has been anybody been so enchanted with a guy who's totally unqualified is colon Powell the media's like coordinating this son of a bitch send him back to the guy that Persian Gulf fell to have you all still okay colon Powell my ass you talk of America at 250 million Americans will suffer from immediate colon disease if this man is elected president which at last time we checked the eight run and but he's you know protesting too much open line on a purple line if you got a tnt wireless picked that baby up and pounded where's that spot that the Stephanie was going to bring rushing up the stairs to replace the one that's fine so we'll do the next one yes we will double ui o d getting irritated yet I'm gonna start on this thing and I'm gonna wrap it all year long all right the list of Kaylin and you were standing at the house yes the house yes we're standing from the house yes and then you drove through the McDonald's that correct yes all right when you have the McDonald's of the drive through line what did you order um o j no no I don't ask you who you were with I'm asking you what you ordered o j no no no I'm not asking you're who you were with the time of the day on the mask and you want you ordered at the McDonald's it was o j you went to the McDonald's right right you went to the order something right right what is your order o j that's Kato and Bailey coming this fall to television okay 11 17 and W i o d and life goes up we got an hour and 43 minutes to go an hour and 43 before the little hand it's the big hand in America goes bananas and all these women go into with droll and all these shrink star making a big money where the hell is Roger Kossack and Greta von Brown today for crying a lot on this even them for the big show here's for a lot of day hello okay put those assholes back on hold they're pochking with my life here's my amy hello yes sir I know yes I am just having a just to think is a satat um aren't the buffalo business most luckiest team of football okay let's go to a four-later day hello okay put it back on hold let's keep going back to every second here's the four-later day again hello how can Johnny cock claim to be so insent that from an enjoyment hates black people and then have his body guarded by black people who hate white people all he says that that's just a coincidence that it's got nothing with anything and he's not sitting on a particular message that's what he says uh he keeps winking while he says it and let me tell you if they do end up with that uh innocent either way he does love his realies been there and he's been in the kaboots in the yuk his gold a mayor on the cheek and etc yeah I want that split screen so that uh I want to see Fred Goldman get up and start taking some blood okay he's gonna be pissed okay Sony XBR that's what I recommend open line two of them in Broward all of a sudden if he moved real quickly man you can be a piece of Americana today five two four nine four six three five two four wiod what are we doing about lunch by the way this should be a special uh oj lunch day I already you some sausage oh you already ordered it know what cheesecake by the way I got cheesecake up the uh uh huh okay I'll eat it okay no I mean I do love it but how much cheesecake can eat because yeah she brought me four from Lorenzo yesterday and man is that good but once you start eating it boy you don't want to stop you just keep shoving especially in the middle of all this pressure Jesus man starting at six o'clock eastern daylight time yesterday starting when they a little hand you don't want to say which I came across was it six it was just before six I think yeah it was watching a ball game yeah that's right and I came across in between innings very luckily and I said what's that little judge doing on here again and all of a sudden he says well uh you you're really reach to verdict are you sure you're positive you think so is that am I am I reading this correct madam form and is it is this right well that's at least rushing out one more day because number one and none of the big shot attorneys are here number two we don't want no riots tonight and number three it'll give the media it's about 24 hours to really do a big build up here's a lady in alamorada hello hi you are so funny I am I'm so funny it hurts my questions about the Allen park striving that stretch limo yeah you know he's going up and down the street back and forth in and now you know back and in the driveway pulling in up front and stuff how could he be doing all that with a brancel there I still think OJ's innocent but I'll hang up the wait for your comment well wait a minute I was so in other words you don't want to debate it how could he be doing all that with a brancel there well he says the brancel wasn't there so that's the point so so she she makes the case that he's guilty the brancel wasn't there and of course if the brancel wasn't there he's lying which we already know he's lying because he's changed the story about his alibi on our homony times I mean when you really examine everything here when you examine the you know the fact that she the blueprint for the murder practically that she knew he was going to kill her and especially with a knife she was terrified of knives that was a thing she was scared of I mean you put it all together it's like even perimacid man says hey don't waste my time for this one it's small potatoes even iron-scible to turn this one down that's why they went up with Marsha and what's his name there Chris Chris and what about a guy named Chris you know what I'm saying notice he was wearing his red ribbon during the closing arguments be very leery about Chris here's a mobile in Hillsborough Beach hello okay you're the best yep I want to see if you uh would go for headlight on for guilty and found guilty headlight's on yeah for you got a lot of people out there well no he's not headlight's on for guilty yeah and of course if you'd feel like you'll be shoot out the headlights no I'm not getting started with no demonstrations of any kind of emotions sir I'm gonna remain very calm very quiet and very peaceful myself okay I don't want people in jeopardy out there because art Fleming's out of town and Alex Trebeck's back in Canada for he belongs with rift darkness and in cities forces working to doom the future of all South Florida radio stations except one at six ten Wild or that a hundred new people at day moved to South Florida and every one of them has been offered a choice miss no date of six ten Wild or be shipped back to waterloo they've seen waterloo they're listening it works like this listener you're out of here and thank you from use talking entertainment radio six ten Wild you let my soul my hand go break you know any footballers back in the twenties the keystone tops come to Marocco laughing today it's the LA cops that have us in stitches man it's murder scene is a mess don't worry a little self-mobile don't take that blood right out the LA cops they're more fun than a barrel of war I got a cost station put that phone off you see was set up fingerprints you see them all the LA cops make any crime scene a real comedy of error hey don't worry popricks go right around the car in the home of the guy's never might be we forgot the call the court who watched the LA cops now have you left it all away to the appeal score okay eleven twenty four w i did get that ping pong ball going back that's the little comfort zone a security blanket for the io d audience they know that if that's there the ap line is working and we're working over here everybody out there's probably working on it they're getting worked up to a frenzy and they're getting gathered around a front of their sets today pizza off the liver something to your house so you can sit there and eat your you know just eat yourself silly isn't this amazing this is and of course tomorrow we got you on kipper don't you think there's something that ties into all of this I think that the probably the jews got something with all I'm sorry uh anyway we got it oh man oh here you go here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah sir you know what's incredible is um I was kind of swaying through the way that he was going to be found that guilty but now I think um after only you know you'll see what that out on part test them or they didn't even hear the cross right the examination so that kind of like you know they they really wanted to know that timeline but you know something there's a problem though and that is that we don't know what one thing it was or a couple of things that they were looking for in that testimony although I'll be honest with you his testimony on direct examination was one of the some of the most damning and some of the most specific evidence in the whole prosecution case it could swing you the way and either way and I and I still say this thing about Kito said this Kito didn't know squad he didn't know what he's still on what time it is you could put him in front of big Ben and he wouldn't know what time it is now he um smoke too many of exactly he was Neil um James Recruis okay LPTA okay thank you see yeah open line and date 751 Wild 7519463 one on the green line 1-800-944 those of us in Palm Beach were too snooty we don't want to make any comments because he's gonna be our new neighbor and we want to welcome him with open arm he's got a lot of money that's what you think 130 thousand dollar house Bailey's looking for up there pretty pretty modest digs forgot it used to be worth millions but ain't no more and by the way Bailey is doing a pro bono you do know that because he's got millions and millions from that drug deal down here no had to be from that from that well maybe he does from a drug deal from whatever who he convicted or who he got off or whatever he was involved in some damn the case he was defending him with his big drug dealer and he got paid off millions and millions of he's loaded with cash so he's just running around being a big shot getting his big fat pompossess on here and finding the firm in tapes can you imagine what kind of a defense case they would have had without the firm in tapes this is the songs that he do don't ring any bells here's rivier of each hello oh no yes sir I wonder would it be appropriate for the judge to question the jury's if they had any prior deliberations prior to the official deliberations and could he order a mistrial based on that before the judge ain't going to do that but if if evidence does come out subsequent to this you know I don't know how that works you know I mean if I don't know you know I'm saying he may go for a mistrial right now the judge is going to do that well no way you may know way because they didn't deliver you're suggesting that this judge has a pair is that what you're going to say maybe so I don't know well I hope you got better eyesight than I do this this is the year we made devolves the Anthony Carter's secret to you Neil this could be your year the Anthony Carter's secret yeah really who's out of the Michigan who sent him to Michigan remember that that was your big mystery what do you mean who sent him to Michigan who's the president who influenced Anthony Carter Michigan I haven't got any idea I thought you were wondering about that I was taking the up okay see Anthony Carter who played from Michigan in a course for the Vikings for 100 years Anthony Carter played at Sanco's tie up there in Palm Beach I broadcast those high school football games when I was at WJNO one of my great claims to fame I broadcast Anthony Carter senior year at Sanco's tie all right two open lines both of the Palm Beach lines where they don't give a crap about anything that counts 1-800-944-494-63 I'll like care about up there as when is the early bird and how much are we getting off the discount because we're over the age of 100 here's for Lauderdale hello hey what girl name is let's go to Kendall hello oh Neil yes sir hey you're okay well markets down 27 points they better come out with a guilty or a big trouble well I I think if he comes back with a night guilty yeah then it just shows that American justice depends on how much money you have yeah okay I mean about 20 years ago my uncle was up for murder yeah an F. Lee Bailey offered to represent him yeah and he told him that if he comes out with so much money he's definitely going to get off because the case wasn't so strong right well my uncle's still in prison right now and he's not getting out until 97 well did he hire him no he didn't he couldn't come up with the money there you go sir if he would have been able to get if he would have gone out and robbed the bank and come up with the money and then he would have got him off exactly all right that's all I have to keep you ready okay pal thanks open line in date 7519-463-751 in fact I wouldn't be surprised if Marsher Clark and Anthony Bailey are the first to win the courthouse today that's a big bitch let's go to Hollywood hello 92 minutes to go to the clinic let's get ready to home 9-9 minutes 9-9 minutes and 12 seconds okay are you counting now you get nervous are you peeing in your pants is your blood pressure going up do you have that cuff on your arm huh are you taking your blood pressure right now there in the house oh boy and here's all here's that Mary uh Puppek whatever her name is on CNN company what's your name Mary of uh Tilletson the Schwartz whatever name is this wrinkled up old bag who's been making a career out of this thing for almost last year now along with a lot of other people what are they going to do now try to find a real job here's Miami hello hello yes yes how are you doing first time calling on 10 listen alright um listen I get an idea about what freshmen or Parker Bros should do yeah if O.J. is tried guilty they should make a limited-dition thing in true series hang my yeah and my views on covering in Shapiro I think Shapiro's on the day in covering the Dushbag okay thanks by yeah huh we have an open line of date 7519463 the green lines don't care a bokeh pombi chwest pomb jupiter del Rey they don't care 1-800-944-449463 they're too intellectual to be dragged into this morass of crap okay they're not gonna get dragged down if it doesn't fit they don't give a crap here's the four-laterdale hello yes sir hey um guilty of sin yeah by the way mean of oriental descent when he found guilty can I hang out can I hand out water mound open line of Broward 5249463 2-out of green lines 1-800-944 see I don't really care what you think at this point especially when you're an asshole like that guy but the bottom line is what do you think the verdict is that's what people want to hear and we got people here talking about the guy damn red socks Indian game nobody all season long we never had one call about baseball a whole season even when I was touting the angels and when they went to their swoon and even in the marlins start winning a few games nobody cared our crap about baseball now that we got the oj trial coming up in an hour and 28 minutes for whose county now one of his oj our kids see the red socks in the end game tonight yeah well where the hell were you like two months ago okay Johnny come lately a bandwagon jumpers let's do a mobile in West Palm Beach hello how you doing okay first time caller okay it's very weird what's going on up here but people are starting to talk about time differently to talk about these v and a v before verdict and after verdict like everything's gonna change vvd that same who knows hmm now I'm also back to some people up there changing their bvd's about every twenty minutes this is true actually it's not bvd's depend but another thing is what about putting him into the story role of swenie tide of one swenie tide on Broadway has got the barber who slaughtered all of his customers oh it sounds good to me hey on a bullman obeying okay all right open oh my god 1133 a waud and of course if he does get off for justice you know who we're gonna go see that's yeah he's up there in the Bronx and Louise okay now what are you just telling me what is that all about the people from what the Jewish uh scene is house of synology what is that what are you talking about? I just did a call return from some really nasty objectionable person yeah and they said oh they answered it Miami Jewish hospital and home oh so the the old age home over there with the old you know 140 year old Jews who give it all a rest of his Jews a bad name they're calling it making potty mouth comments because I made a joke about to do what it was not an old Jew it was some young to make and lady oh some young Jamaican lady over there wasn't even one of the Jews see with the Jews we get blamed for everything I told you George we get blamed for everything just as that Lewis ferrocan okay that Nazi set of a bitch who never found a Nazi he didn't like right okay go back where you came from lady here's a mobile in Miami hello hey all I just was trying to discuss with you the question you asked about how you think it's gonna affect our lives yeah I think the first segment of our society it's gonna know how it's gonna affect us as those people are sitting in jail right now the staff and when I've heard it comes in you know unless you've been incarcerated which I have and I was I stood trial and was convicted of a crime I did not commit yeah and now you sit there and you and you see and that's heard it comes back guilty I wouldn't want to be in a prison today or a jail with the guards and your attitude no no no wait wait I don't I don't I I'm missing something you know this is a long stretch from how it's gonna affect our lives well I think I think what I'm trying to get out to is that our lives are affected every day by the laws that are made in a way to police conduct themselves and carrying out those laws and today it's almost like a police state I mean you get pulled over by a police law what do you mean today is that something new it hasn't been a police state for 30 or 40 years yeah but it's concurrent every day it's worse and worse I think if this verdict would have come in guilty today it's gonna send a message to the police that they can literally now do whatever they want to where is it that comes back innocent they may and they have to find themselves return so in other words you're buying the argument because there are bad cops and races cops on a LAPD and elsewhere therefore the the trade off we're gonna make is the lives of these two people at OJC simply knows that what you're saying no absolutely not I think that's one of the the travesties that is thing that that the two did get mixed together that who should be completely separate but that's not what you're saying well I think what I'm saying is it's an unfortunate pipe it's unfortunate byproduct of the unfortunate circumstances that happened for those two no no but you're what you're saying is we ought to have a not guilty verdict so that people in law enforcement will be able to get away with less assuming that they we needed something here in the first place and I think what should happen is if we should get a guilty verdict how do we how do we then get the the message that was put out of that trial what is it you're not no matter what the verdict is Mark Furman is gonna wind up there's gonna be a massive investigation he's almost definitely gonna go on trial and that's how we're gonna deal with it you see what you're doing is mixing the two things up you're putting Mark Furman on trial in the OJ Simpson case man I don't want to talk to you thank you so much my friend we got the lunch from Carol up there at Stan stage Dellie again which you I didn't even know we were getting but that's great because we're gonna be here a long time today folks I'm gonna be here a long time why I don't know because we're gonna make a big deal out of this right okay 21 till noon we're just like everybody else in the media we're horrors only we tell you at least I do the rest of them we'd say oh no we're just journalists baby we're news people right here's Miami hello yeah sir let me just tell you did we square up this whole thing right now if you just uh it boils down to one thing yeah and everybody knows what it boils down to and what is it saying over with yeah it boils down to that there's an overwhelming ungodly amount of evidence against OJ he's definitely guilty yeah but there's no jury in this world it'll ever convict him none whatsoever well what do you know jury in the world how do you know that I got I got a deal for you how about if we keep trying how about if this jury says not guilty let's keep trying to find a jury how about you I could find him oh I'm sure I'm sure but look these jury's were packed and ready before the packed and ready to leave the motel before they even they want out of delivery they want out you're right about that it's a question for nine months right you know they're tired they want to go home but they're thinking right now you if you put yourself in the Jewish position they're thinking that as soon as they give this verdict the judge is already told him as soon as they give this verdict he's gonna shuffle them off the room with there's 40 to 60 news media waiting to talk to them yeah and they get the option do you want to talk to the media or not you're forgetting about all the publishers now too yeah exactly but look at the repercussions they find this man guilty they've already promised to burn out lay okay the rumors they're gonna burn out lay if they find him guilty now these people want to go in front of news media and say yeah my name is Joe blow I convicted this guy guilty and I live at this address yeah no way these people there's no way every time when you got a good book good book deal you know for a couple of many you can afford to get there a lot of LA you know with most people probably want to hey you know I can make up anything get a couple million on a book deal yeah but you know you were not the jury though that's true good point there Neil yeah but the point is bottom line he's guilty is in he should go away forever but don't ever do it okay not guilty okay pal open line of day 75 one one and a broadard five two four here's a little note well first here's a facts let's says O.T. will be found guilty no ifs and sir butts and on the angels game yesterday why wasn't so host hit ruled a double snow had a tough time digging out from the bullpen actually wasn't snow digging that was the Tim Saman which it goes on to say Saman does have a cute ass keep it up okay yeah Tim Saman is he's okay in my book he's a real player in poor jt or nearly he makes that play is a great feeling for his basement but you can't blame him because Rex Hitler was looking the other way did you see the way that Mark Langston was looking at Rex Hitler and a dog out like how come you won't look at me because you're too embarrassed because you screwed up the whole game and you I was right to throw you to ball and you screwed it up and the whole inning would have been over and we'd still be in a game and you suck but it's all over with okay it wasn't the angels here they give it a good shot we had a lot of excitement and now the mariners are going to kick the Yankees ass and all those New Yorkers are being crying in their Bureau okay because the the mariners man are a team of destiny they might just go all the way it's just uh I'm telling you they're the team of destiny you can smell it can you smell it because Goldman in the Australian the very brief struggle you know the one glove came off oh okay yeah was that was that in court was that said in testimony that's well that's what Martia says yeah that's the prosecution theory which is why there's no cut on the glove right right all right makes sense and let me also ask you this if he really did cut himself on that glass and the sink in Chicago how come there was no blood on the glass no blood in the sink and etc well oh no he's definitely guilty oh I was just I just didn't get that part of testimony I guess there you go take a look at that one final question about the diet is there any collaboration that bread at Lorenzo's no there's not carbohydrate free carbohydrate free you got you with that all right yeah thanks a lot okay pal good luck to you open line on the purple line pound io d a t and t wireless it's eleven forty five and hour and a quarter man now the pressure is building you hear it you can almost feel it and the big question in town is does the juice get loose or does he meet Bruce his new roommate for life who's all like a motion okay lm forty five at wild George George let me say it again eleven forty five at wild George see how well I work let me try it again eleven forty six now at wild day it's been a wild summer in the Atlantic and with the latest hurricane following our siblings north the traffic seemed to be quieting down and now our attention is turned to pressing matters on land trappers get a break on the turnpline good morning at seven thirty one i'm Jackie Baill news talking entertainment radio six ten wild c sky or land the news that matters in your world six ten wild news up mess news use talking entertainment radio six ten wild the the world's a hero love by millions across the land to visit his ex wife now she was hanging with another man the juice went home now for a night fest ski mask and a pair of gloves and a back he went she was tipping her friends the way to and giving more than a 15 percent where's use can take it start a slice and end icing on what was at the airport before they fell he made a touch down in ocean cargo it's acting at the all about hotel his call a wishing he was dead but it was a cell phone no night of pistol suicide by tumour deep in his head well if I let got a mark now it's up to the jury but he was jury good can now a way Okay, the good news is Robert Stanoff, Jay had a few, in fact, a many successful bowel movements overnight, so he's feeling pretty elusive, a goose. It's 1153, a two, or whatever it is, a W.O. didn't get really nervous now, the pressure is building. We only got an hour and eight minutes. All right, we're building to it. And then what? Then what? Here's Tamara, Kelo. Hello, I'm El. Yes, sir. We're Jonathan. And back to you. Neil, the only people I can see being disturbed by this thing, that's going on besides O.J. and the families. The jury's have to, if they find him guilty, and then watch the tapes that we saw that they didn't, they gotta feel really pissed, because to be honest with you, I think that as a jury, they should have the right to be calm. What's plausible and what is, and the judge never gave him that right. Meaning what? Well, I, if you bring it up. In other words, the judge is not going to introduce evidence. How can he do that? He can't, it's a faith accomplished. But, had he done it the way he should is in the beginning. The jury should have heard all the evidence. Not just what he picked out to be listed to. Oh, you're talking about the firm in tapes? Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah, but you don't understand. I mean, the fact that you see, it's just like that guy from the FBI that they wanted the defense wanted to put on the stand. He had no specific evidence. He was talking glittering generalities. That's all. And it's the same with this firm and thing. Just because of the fact that he may have done something once before, or talked about doing something before, doesn't mean that he planted any evidence here in addition to which he told the bitch that he didn't plan any evidence in this case anyway. Now, he was gonna tell her all of that other stuff. Why would he lie about that? I hear what you're saying, and I agree up to a point. I mean, Furman has been, I mean, the closing arguments, they did both sides, including the prosecution, they called him everything out of the sun. Johnny Cochrane compared him to eat off his liramy. What? He's totally discredited. I understand what you're saying, but things, the jury never heard the fact that police officers picked a scapegoat to create a serum content to allow probable cause to enter promises. What? He picked a scapegoat for Zarm to do what? To get blood. To get who's blood? His own blood. His own blood. Not in this case. Oh, not in this case. Well, but that's the point, even assuming if what you're saying is true, what does it got to do with the price of peanuts and have a nice life? Oh, my God. I'm gonna scapegoat my brain. Just from listening to this guy, okay, we got an open line of Broward 5249463 and our five minutes and 32 seconds, but nobody's counting, okay? Man, are they getting real nervous now? Are they sitting around? Oh, Jesus. Okay, here's the point in the cello. On you? Yes, sir? I'll take a look at the send me's castle seals. Okay, let's go to Miami, hello. I missed the Rogers. Yes, sir. This is my name is VF Lyon. We asked for black public form. We take the pinion poles and the black community. Yes? So we've been involved in trying to find somebody in the United States that doesn't have an opinion on the OJ's Femmsonsaur. And we couldn't, so we took the search outside the country. And we flew a representative to Africa. Mm-hmm. Okay, we had this person, Perseus, you, in the United States, you gave them jungle. Yeah, okay, we have an open line in date and brought back 40 pounds of mush all of which is in this guy's mouth at the moment. 7519463, I mean, I'm talking with a food in my mouth and my speech is a lot clearer than whatever you're trying to whisper out, okay? Spin it out, pal, okay? And in eight funny. Here's Haley, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you done? Great. Well, Perseus, I'd just like to say, thanks for the act and I've lost 10 pounds in 78. Great. And as far as the OJ's Femmsonsaur is concerned, my only really cool in this case is for the victims, including OJ's children. Mm-hmm. And as far as what's going to happen at one o'clock, I believe I. Do you remember that saying? What did movie come to 50, the day the year stood still? Yeah. I think Michael Ren is going to be smiling from wherever he is. Because everything is going to go bananas. I mean, everything's going to stop at one o'clock. Everything's gone bananas. My, my, my, look at that. Okay, thank you so much. We have an open line of dates, 751. Yeah, there's nothing wrong with being tried by a jury of your peers. Just listen to these calls one after another one, man. This is what's out there, baby. And I know if your life is on a line and you want a bunch of really intelligent people sitting around making the decision weighing the evidence objectively and dispassionately and making some comments. And you don't want nothing to do with any of these people. Okay, including that O.J. jury. So who'd out you couldn't? You just think about the Brad Pitt photo's Jennifer. I don't think he was a full attention. Ha ha ha ha. So I'm going to give him the benefit of the death. The benefit of the doubt. I think you just making excuses. Great, absolutely great. Yeah, excellent body, but no big deal. Okay. Well, maybe he wasn't a, of course. Well, maybe you can work on it. But anyway, so Charlie Feldman who's standing by on the courthouse steps there in LA and CNN, like everybody else, they're desperate to get stuff in here. And so the anchor says, Charlie, Charlie, what can you see from the steps of the courthouse there in LA and Charlie says? Look at the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the kind of one, man. Ha ha ha. Oh, J. Oh, J. Oh, J. You can't be cool. You can't be cool. Okay, oh, J. Okay, oh, J. You can't be cool. You can't be cool. Ha ha, J. Oh, J. Oh, J. Oh, J. Oh, J. Oh, J. J. That night when she turned off all the light, there's no place where she could hide. But I led, oh, no ladies. Oh,J was going to get hurt. Oh, J. Wint out to kill her. Oh, J. Wint out to kill her. Oh, J. Wint out to kill her. Wint out to kill her. I hate. Why day? That you've got us? That. Three o. Day. That you've got us, that? Four o. For all we know we've got to have your way, hey, oh yes I know what you've got to get ya It's true, OJ is gonna come after you And that who'll get away with that want to OJ's gonna get ya Why did you uh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Right Just a lick Okay Okay Oh Oh Okay You You You You You You Oh Get you Get you Get you Oh Get you Tonight 12.09 Wild That means like 51 minutes away from the big moment that America's like in there They got the cavalry out there. They got uh on horseback on moose ass on everything. We got them on foot on bike Uh, they're all over the gut in place in LA because naturally it's a very come city and people there don't over react They don't seize the opportunity to loot to go out there and act like barberians because they're pissed off, okay? Because I have a feeling no matter what the verdict is it want to clock they're gonna be people who are pissed off But you know something that's part of life it'd be pissed off and that doesn't mean you go out there in loot and kill people and burn down your own neighborhood Or somebody else's either but some people I've yet to learn that especially in lost angeles Oh For the pressure is mounting now the media. I'm telling you talk about just savouring every last moment And trying to exploit it for fun and profit. They are into this and on top of it to do it There is Simpsons business attorney Lee Roy Teff how many attorneys is this guy got how many attorneys is he got? He's got his buddy with a black bag. He's got this guy. He's got the dream team And I just want to tell you right now if you think we're gonna exploit the situation here today Be my 50 minutes and coming You're right. Okay, here's a lady in a lady in the lobby? Hello, yes hi, Neo Yeah, today's a big day you'll get a lot audience and anyway, hope you don't get a pan the next You're in the lobby Yes, I put a call here so I'm nearby the neighborhood I'm dropping and And dropping I'm sorry my accent. That's okay. And I'm so glad and I believe which is your Nanimous lady is no guilty. Yeah, and he deserved it and it is your voice Oh, he goes for a lot of 474 days and Thanks for American justice and the jury Well, what do you mean thanks for American justice? We don't know the version is yet. What are you talking about? We can bet on $500 $500? Are you talking about thanks for American justice? So in other words, even if he did it, let's let him off and then it'll be American justice. That what you're saying? Not really because not it's not blood, no evidence Not enough blood? How about a gallon? With that a bit enough? No, she had to splash with all of her she's fine. How do you know that? How even even my golden man didn't have any blood on her front of his shirt And he was the one of the ones that got murdered. How did that happen? It's mystery. Don't make God knows. Only God knows. Well, I got a great idea. Okay. I got a good idea. Let's ask God and then we'll get done with that. We'll ask him to assist you. I'll escort you out of the building. Who is that? What is she doing in the building? Remember I told you there was some lady here to see you. Like she had no evidence. Well, that's not the one is that that's not the lady with a skin cream Is it? No, I don't think I don't think I hope not. The one that I signed the picture for? What was it? What did you sign the picture? I don't know. I said get out of here. I bet something like that. I don't. Yeah, Linda is that. That's her. Oh, God. Get this cream out of here. Okay. Oh, it's going to make you look just like O.J. Bring it up. Paying a pain relieving cream. If you want to relieve my pain honey, get off the phone, get out of the building. Go away sweetheart. Get out of here. Thank you for American justice. Thank God there are no racial overtones to this trial. I'll tell you that right now. And I'm going to tell you also as a gay American Jeffrey Domar was framed and so was John Wayne Gacy. The cops hit all those bodies under his goddamn house. That's right. It's another guy named Antifac conspiracy by the cops in Chicago. We know all about them. We know about Dick Daily what a dick he is. They hit all those poor guys under the house. Here was a guy who was Santa Claus never stole a freight train and a fried his ass. We want justice. Every Fagga America is going to run out there and protest right now. Okay. Or jump back into closet one of the other. And by the way, does anybody know that O.J. was a drag queen. Oh, sorry. Bad timing. 16 W. I. O. D. odd outrageous and shockingly weird. Darkwood can't keep his packer in his pants. Yeah. Are you? Oh, okay. Whatever you're going to know. Why did you leave the bloody door? And what were you thinking of? Okay. You almost got away. Oh, better drive his around the freeway. You should have been a rude in their way. Are you friends? Are you? They say, oh, yeah, they take care of you. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Are you sure? Are you sure? I used to watch you over them tackle. And now you walk around the shackle of your hand. You're on a tie to a time Just remember when you're back to a corner I'm looking right in the window on you. We've been recording all of these today because all of this stuff, all of this material, all these 600 different OJ bits, it's all going to be dead meat after today, right? So all of this documentary footage, all of this stuff that they've been in a station away, man. They're unleashing it. They're unrolling it. They're uh, the yank it out. Where we going? Well, lady in Boka. Hello. A lady in Boka, which I hear that radio up in the back. And she's uh, right on the edge. Hello. Yes, man. Can you please play LPTA? Can I please play it? Yeah, that's fine. Let's go to, uh, Kendall. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, listen, going on. How you doing? OK. Good. Good. You're like that bitch up there. She's making requests. We're like 42 minutes away from the verdict in the OJ trial. America's on the edge of an Eris breakdown. She wants to hear LPGA, OK? Can you believe it? Probably some kind of a dike. I tell you. Hey, listen, two things. The first thing. OK. OK. Not guilty. Yeah. The second thing I tell you why. I haven't heard anybody mention this. They gave him five to 15 minutes to kill the two of them, right? How and how is he going to get all of that blood off of him and clean himself up to get back and only leave a few drops. I mean, all of that blood. How much blood do you know we had on him? Let me say to him. What the heck is this thing? Wait a minute. You don't want to hear the answer. Go ahead. OK. No, I was going to say he cut the cold jugular, right? Yeah. Almost placed their neck off. No, automatically that's going to spur blood everywhere. How do you know that? How do you know which direction it's spurting in? If he came up from behind her. But still he was all over the two of them. They were struggling. They had this whole thing. They didn't want to have that blood. Well, the decision to which the speculation is that he knocked around a head first and that he was like lying in a prom position. And he slid her neck while she was lying on the ground, which in that case would get hardly any blood on him at all. And the only blood would be when Golden came along and started trying to intervene. And he like, you know, finally got a lot cold on him from behind and sliced his neck. There's not even any blood on a front of Golden's shirt. Oh, I must have missed that. Right. Okay. Well, I still think he's not guilty. I still think there's too many holes. But I guess that was the problem with Ron and Nicole. Too many holes, man. All right, Neil. Nice to meet you. Great day, pal. We'll have us soon. Okay. Hang on, tight, baby. Open line and day, 7.519463751Wiod. Like I said, if you think that this radio station with our years of prestige with our significance in this market, if you think that we're going to make a circus out of this, and we're going to milk it for everything that we can. We're living in a dream world, baby, because one thing about us, we believe in credibility. Three minus four minutes and counting. All right. Let's go to a lighthouse point, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you today? Great. I gotta tell you, I wasn't able to take the pressure and you've been sleep last night. Yeah. No, I did get some information on this. I could share with those who are having the same problem. Okay. I call the psychic hotline. The psychic hotline has a guilty verdict for O.G. Simpson. Really? Now I can't have said that. I can't have a physical hotline. With all the lawyers at O.G. has, there's only one need to hire, and that was Tom Hagen. Yeah, that's right. Tom Hagen would have got him off, or should Clark with the dead words. Keep it in your back. Tom was not a wartime console here, though. I understand that. Keep that in mind. This is war, and you know what I'm saying? Okay. Tom Hagen, look at the night. They only got 40 minutes left, so I'm gonna let someone else get on. Okay, pal. Bye-bye. Hang on tight. Hang on tight. Everybody strap yourselves in and just start squeezing, man. Oh my God, you would think that this was important. And I have told you before, there are people get murdered. I'm talking about good decent people. I mean, you know, in the coal, if you want to say good decent people. I mean, what are we talking about? She was a slut. I mean, not that she deserved to get murdered, but they're like good decent people. Nice people. Who get murdered every day and nobody cares? Because they're not celebrities. And by the way, if the fact that he was a football star, if we're supposed to be watching what that means, being a football star today, like Brian Blades. Huh? And Warren Moon, and Irving with a Spike man? Right. So I say if he was a football player, that's guilty automatic. Okay. And the only thing for waste your money with a trial. Yeah. 1227, a W.I.D. Those are three techniques. He couldn't have done it, baby. I'm telling you that right now, let his ass off and let him out. And that gonna be great. He's gonna get up. He's gonna get up. Walk out the front door. Get in his Bentley and go straight to McDonald's. How do you like that? You think he's doing it for a big Mac? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Gone? Impossible, baby. You're now. Open line in date. 751. W.I.D. A lady in North Miami Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. It regards the close. Nobody mentioned the fact that he was wearing a long coat when the the driver saw him. And another thing. A long coat. Yeah. When he saw when the driver saw him, he mentioned that he was wearing a long coat. When he saw him go across the lawn. Right. Dark clothing. He didn't say a long coat. Did he say that? Well, I know where it was written that he was wearing a coat. Well, a lot of things were written. Yeah. Yeah. Another thing that Karsheekian, he ought to be proud. He's a person here. He should've been penalized for getting rid of that of that suit case. Okay. What do you say, Judge? Fifteen yards? Okay. You got a sweet heart. Open line in date. 751. You should've been penisised. How do you like that? He's got a point. He don't know nothing. Isn't that sad? All these millions of people sitting around watching this, and they're Robert Kardashian said this, and Johnny Cochrane said that. And Frankie Pentangeli did this. somewhere that he saw Guy in a coat. He said that he was wearing dark clothing. He first said it looked like an African American, but he couldn't be sure because it was dark. He didn't see any teeth. So it very likely was. And he saw Guy was like about six, two, 200 pounds, which just coincidentally fits OJ. And also coincidentally because he was buzzing the house before that. No answer. He's there to pick up OJ. I mean, he says, Limo Rod. He's got to get him to the airport on time, baby. Get him to LAX. There's no answer. No answer. He sees this figure crossing the lawn. Hurriedly goes in the house. The lights go on. He finally decides he'll delete Deli back up there. At that time, it is 10. 54 in the P. At 10. 56. 10. 56. He buzzes and guess what? There's a voice on the other of the phone. It's OJ. So are is it logical to assume that just perhaps the person we saw go into the completely dark house and turn the lights on? And go up running upstairs and do whatever he's doing that might have been OJ. I think that's a reasonable thing to conclude. Don't you? Your damn right I do. And don't go messing with our AP pot, whatever you do. That's all we need, man. They're going to start potsking around with that. Now we're going to lose the hole that you marked my words, man. Don't let them touch anything. 3, minus 30 minutes and coffee. Oh, oh, and I see what's that. What just happened, George? What happened to my ping pong game? They're feeding us a ton of it. They're feeding it. Are you sure? No. He's screwed it up. Okay, let's go to a Pemberg Pine, hello. Pemberg Pine. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. I just want to say you're a best thing on talk, radio. Yes, sir. Yaman. I do not go to Japan. I think I know who I'm your car vet. You know what? I think I know who has your car vet. Yeah. It's Johnny Clark run. Probably does. Maybe maybe I'll call him. He says it. Maybe right on one o'clock AC is going to pull up right in the front there. I think that was a purple vet. And maybe maybe in the hatchback, OGLB and there are 115. You have a good day. Hang on, tight man. We're almost there. We're almost there, folks. Oh my god, 29 minutes, but who's counting? What was that little scene that I saw in there with the scene with Mitch Ween? I mean, what was that about? We're double checking. We've got the line. The line is fine as G.I. wine. It's just great. Don't be sticking other people's hands in a pot. Now we're going to start getting upset and they may even smoke in it. Keep your hands out of the pot. Which of course there's a whole drug aspect of this thing because you're dealing with slime balls. Okay. I mean, OGA was a slime ball. She was a slime ball, uh, Nicole. And they were like Hollywood people. You know, they were sleeping around. They were curousing. They were doing drugs. All kinds of stuff. And there's a very, very gigantic part of this story that nobody ever heard about. And we'll have to read about in the tabloids as the years and months go on. Which is something for a lot of you to look forward to. Here's Boko on a purple line. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Hold on a moment. We're getting serious. Now Greta Von Brown just made her first appearance on CNN the morning. Now we're serious. Yeah. Yes. Isn't it ironic that the verdict will be served if it is guilty on the day of a moment tomorrow, you don't support. Well, just just beforehand. They don't want to piss Fred Goldman off too much. Listen, go out the whole trial. So all the evidence everything. Yeah. Why does a man of OGA statuance being well-took and higher? Any attorney which he did in the world has to get in a bronco right of suicide letter. It can be interpreted that way anyway. And leave and flee with test board money. Why does a man of that statuance being apt to do that if he's innocent? Yeah. I agree. To me, that's the most damning piece of evidence of the entire situation. And I never abroad it in the testimony. Why? Why? Isn't Marshall Clark in the rest of the team's far enough money? Oh, because all these different stories it was going to blow up in her face. It was calling people on the phone and telling them the friends that he was frame. He could tell people anything from now until the end of time. Okay. What the hell is that prove? Yeah, you're ready about that. Just like he told us in the first place he was taking a nap and then all of a sudden he wasn't taking a nap. He was out there chipping golf balls in the dark at 10 30 at night. What are we talking about? That's right. And this is the guy who went arthritis so bad. He certainly couldn't have jumped over the fence who'd done this crime. But in the meantime, earlier in the day, he wasn't such a good mood. He was playing golf. They're all over the place on this thing. Well, I don't think he has arthritis. He should pluck him up and blow. He's guilty and that's it. Okay. All right. Happy for him. And back to you. Happy circus. The poor line is open. The poor and pound line at pound IOD. Yeah, Greta Von Brown just came on here on CNN and Charlie Feldman's on there. And he says, hey, you should have seen that blonde man. I am telling, well, that's what he asked him. He says, what can you see from any steps on the courthouse. He says this incredible blonde. He's about five, ten. He's got hooters like how many like watermelons. And as soon as he said, watermelon Johnny Cochran started getting psychotic. There we go. More racial epidets. What are we doing here by the ****? Oh, geez. Now I'm getting really nervous. I'm getting concerned for the first time. All set. Everything's working. Okay. All I hear is ****. Okay. That's good. That's a good sign. I thought it was a bad sign. It's a good sign. It's an omen. Two open lines. You're running green lines. Come on. Let's take a quick pull now. We got about 25 minutes. Let's go. We don't want. We don't care whether you think he's guilty or innocent. In fact, we don't give a crap what you think about anything. You already know that. We want to know what you think the verdict's going to be. Come on. Let's zip through these about 100 calls between now and one o'clock. We can do it. Here's sunrise. Hello. sunrise. Yes, sir. I think he's guilty. No, you think the verdict is going to be guilty? Yeah. Okay. Okay. There's one. See, I don't care what you think. Can you keep that in mind? Can you be a dispassionate pundit denouncing the hypocrisy of our times? Can you just tell me what you think the jury is going to bring the verdict? This real, real quick premature evaluation. What it's going to be. Okay. I'm going to let you know what you think. Okay. America doesn't care what anybody thinks because we're run by the guy damn Gustavo anyway. Here's North Lauderdale. Hello. Oh, Neil, before I give you my vote, I want to first thank you for the tape. I got it really quick. I appreciate that. Okay. And I also want to put it by request for mumble and no jay. Forget it. Okay. Let's go. And the verdict's going to be not guilty, but that's not what I think. Okay. Bye. Open line of broadard 524WOD2 on the green lines where they have no opinion. The people in Palm Beach are the people when they have a national survey and they say, okay, who do you like Clinton? You like Dolly, like the. And then there are always that 7% or 8% of Bosos with no opinion. Those are the people in Palm Beach. 1,800, 944, 9463. North Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I give you three wishes by OJ Kill McColland. Let's go to Fort Lauderdale. What did the line is that? On one. Okay. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Okay. What is it, pal? I think it's guilty. You think he's guilty. Did you tell me the verdict is going to be? Yeah. Yeah. The verdict is going to be guilty. Okay. Let's make it quick into the point. We may have to even do a lightning run on this. 7509463 in day because they just don't get it. 1236WOD. It's getting closer. 610 WOD. A thousand milligrams of aspirin is not enough. 3, 4, 10, 10. Okay. 20, 10, 10. Okay. 20, 20, 20. Okay. 20, 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20, 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20! 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. 20. there in LA. They're listening to the KFI, a lot of numbers don't show it. Here's a mobile in Pemberpinds. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. What do you say? You'll see yourself. Yeah. Okay. See ya. Okay. Let's do Miramar. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. If you find his flooded funding, you must convict on money. All right. Nice. See ya. He's a poet and he don't know it. So there's four. See they're not there just given her opinion. Then I tell me what they think that jury's gonna do, because they can't relate to the jury, because even as dumb as our audience is, they're rocket scientists compared to the jury. And what I'm saying? So what do you say out there, KFI? I'll pick you, pick the glove. All right. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hey, hello. He's the jury's gonna find him not guilty. Okay. Thank you. Yep. No, I don't think so. Open line. I think you're right. The open line of Broward 5249463524Wild. Our quick instant. I mean, we're on, oh, let's get the right thing in here. Man, a pressure. I've never been in my life. Here's a lady in Teverney. Hello. Absolutely 100% not guilty. Okay. It's OJ Junior. Open line in date 7519463. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. West Palm. I know you're a little slow, but no, no. North Palm. What is it? North Palm. Like I said, North Palm. Uh, it's not guilty. No. Not guilty verdict. Okay. Hey, Neela. You don't want to get a hold of you by letter. What's your address? Wild Miami 33141. 33141. You got it. Thank you. See you. Okay. By the way, OJ's your new neighbor. Here's Miami. Hello. Mark Farman. He's waiting to me. Oh. Let's do a highly, uh, hello. Neel. Yes, sir. guilty as hell. Okay. So we got 5 guilty. Four knocked guilty. And of course, this is a very scientific poll. We're going to bring in the guy with the long pony tail a couple of seconds. Who's really normed camp with the pony tail. Coming after. Yeah. Well, I've been very skeptical on a guilty verdict. And I was listening to CNN. They were interviewing Kathleen Bell and her attorney. Yeah. Teverding. And Taylor Dane's an attorney. I'll get out of here. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hello, it is. See how happy they are about this in LA. Man, they're crelling from a yes or speak to me. Going once. Going. What is it? Not guilty. Okay. You got to speak into that thing with little holes in. Okay. And occasionally a little comment in the phone would help too. Here's a lady. And I was said, oh, good. Carman is on here. All right. I bet they don't have that on KFI. Do they? The house. Okay. Let's go to the house. Here's a lady in Palm Beach. Hello. Hi. Hi. I think he's guilty, but he's going to get off. Okay. Not guilty then. Not guilty. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. See. Let me say it again. Don't preface your cause I understand where you're coming from. But don't tell me that. Like I think he's guilty too. But I think he's walking, baby. Even Fats, Domino, never saying I'm walking like this. He's walking out that door at about 150 in this afternoon. Thank you all very much to check. So, in the mail, let me get to the airport right now. Got a little date in somewhere where they don't have the extra dish. In just the case, they changed their mind. Can't change their mind, baby. That's called double double trouble. That's right. Double jeopardy. How about we go for super jeopardy? How about we like a double jackpot? Huh? For five million dollars, I'll take Johnny Cochran and what the Jewish guy. Not, not, and you know, Bob Shapiro turned out to be absolutely useless. You know that? Very check was the Jew guy that really did the job there. That's what Farec on said. Here is a Pompano. Hello. Johnny Cochran is guilty. As a matter of fact, even Jesse Jackson said, we got to look to Heimi town to get this gut brother off. That's what he said. Here's a Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. He'll guilty. Boy. Boy, okay. Six, six. I say we got a hung jury right here. We got somebody hung in this town. I haven't found him yet. Here's Miami on a Broward line. Yes, Neil God. Yes, sir. Not guilty. Ele's going to burn later. A real optimist. Ele's going to burn. Listen to these people on KFI. You think they're going to burn a city down? Don't be concerned with the 45,000 pages. Okay. Really shouldn't have been that long. Boy, sure. Hope Andrew and the S would. Don't I hope he's not listening over there. A QAM. They'll be right down there to KFI and LA. To hire all these happy talk guys. I'll ride. So I see our pin in the S friends from channel for. I mean, our good buddies from channel for our back again here trying to exploit all of this stuff. Not that they want to be like channel 7. At least they weren't promoting it all over yesterday because they want to be. They want to get the jump on everybody next door. That's it. By the way, they also got to result of next year's presidential election coming up tomorrow at Channel 7. Here's a four-later nail. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. My answer to the hook on Jimmy's man is not guilty. All right, Fred. Thank you so much. Okay. Fred, go down to Jimmy's and see Fred. Okay. And give him what for. So what do we got? We got eight knock guiltys and we got six guilty as if it really makes a difference. Okay. We're taking a poll. We're taking a big scientific one. And what we're done. We're going to climb right up to the top of it. How do you like that? Here's a boca. Hello. Boca. Going once. Going twice. Two slow as usual up there. You're real slow. Miami. Hello. Not guilty. Okay. Good. Come. Got it. So first call we had from a goddamn computer, wasn't it? Here's the homestead. Hello. Homestead. Hello. Not guilty. Okay. They're even having trouble just blurtin' out the words. Okay. 10 to six man on an not guilty side. Not too many people jump into the conclusion this jury is going to do it. They're going to fry the juice. Or even squeeze the juice. 12.46. You see those people stand out in front with a t-shirt turn the juice loose. That's my. If it turned the juice loose baby, I ride. Here's some juice for you. Squirt. Squirt. 12.46 a Wild Charles Alfie here. He's come up with a new hair replacement system that he calls the hairline that actually creates a natural look and hairline. You see the most critical area of any hair replacement system is. How did you guess? The hairline with this new system from Charles Alfie or either closer you look, the more natural it looks in the hairline too. The hairline is created with the appropriate recessions for each man. So it looks like the hair is grown right out of your scalp and the effect is just incredible. Not like Hank Stram, who looks like it's grown out of his ass. So if Monoxidil didn't work, if you're not happy with your plugs, your transplants, those snaps embedded deep in your scalp, whatever it is. Or maybe you're wearing another piece from some other company. You owe it to yourself if you want to look like a real manch to visit the Charles Alfie or a studio in Fort Lauderdale at 4319 or federal highway. And you'll discover why he's helped so many thousands of people for over 27 years now, whether they got the big bucks or they're just slippers like most of you. Charles Alfie or a studio is column toll free for their free brochure 1-800-321-2413-1-800-321-2413. 16 WIOD, the edge gets sharper every day. 10's filling up their pantalot, you know what I'm saying? And then a performance is going to read the thing and he's going to say okay, is that what you've decided to say yes and that's it. And OG's going to walk out of the courtroom and walk out in an never-never land. Wouldn't that be something as he walks out the courtroom? I'm going to Disneyland. Can't you see that now? You just know that those bastards are out there right now. Those great robbers. Michael Eisner's probably sitting on a front courthouse steps right now. Here's the curl springs on a purple line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. guilty and it will be overture in the PO. Okay. Okay, this guy is even got the extra edge there. He's nails at all man. This guy's psychotic and psychic. Here's Boca on seven. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. The jury tried it out and discovered his fits. guilty. Okay. Okay, like I said, if they do a quit, they're full of here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. When is Diaz? verdict will be not guilty. Okay. Thank you. See ya. Okay. We got everybody's got an opinion. Now you know what they say? Just like assholes. Everybody's got one. Everybody's got one. Everybody's got an opinion. Let's go to a market. Hello. Market. All right. Is it guilty? Is Michael Jack? But is that is that what's going to be the jury? See you're giving me your opinion. Not guilty. Okay. See you see. And the whole thing is twisted around because people are very anxious to give their own opinion. Which is fine. It's America and until we get the Bob Dole elected next year or God forbid until Papu can't get in. You're still allowed to have your own opinion. The thought police are coming to your door yet. Rick Riley. But the problem is, you know, people are giving their own, but they're not telling me right off the bat what they think the jury is going to do. Keep them in mind. Keep those 12 vosos in mind and forget about yourself. Okay. Forget what a genius you are. Here's Papu Dole Beach. Hello. It's going to be a guilty verdict. You do bastard. Okay. So that's 12 to nine. What was that? Was that Johnny Cochrane? But he does like Israelode. For keep that in mind. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Am I on? You're on. Yeah. I have two. I am, you know, all the TV experts are in shock over, you know, how short of a time we took him to the decide. Why should they go over the entire thing for over two weeks if they all agree on a verdict? Right. You know, there's no point to retiscus. And we actually went there and heard you go home and get some, right? Yeah. There you go. And then a verdict, you know, the only evidence they asked to review was the one that it was most damaged. Yeah. The judge were taking notes which probably was a two that were not that sure about the evidence. Okay. And the answer is, could be guilty. Okay. And it's been 3 to 20 years. Well, congratulations. Congratulations to you. And have a great life. Good luck. Thanks. Okay. So how they doing on KFI? Why you've divided us into camps by way? People just, I mean, whether you black white blue green what, you know, you have different people with different opinion. It doesn't make a different, you know, I know, but you know, some opinions are rooted in fact and logic. What is yours? I'll fall happy are there. How they probably sell it's spots for 5,000 bucks a pop. Here's Volca. Hello. Yes, sir. 12 photos. One guilty verdict. Okay. Let's go to a Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. This is Johnny Cocoreen. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I say here's one for you. I got guilty first degree for Nicole second degree for Goldman. Okay. So it's kind of like half and half and I'll take mine dark. All right. Okay. So okay. So put them down to guilty because we're not we don't have the time to go through all those conclusions and you know what I'm saying? You do know what I'm saying. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You're a diesel. Okay. So what do we got so far? We got 11 or 13 guilty and we got 12. It's like it's like even Steven man because you want to know why it is because we don't know. There it there seems to be the backbone of this and that and that is oh yeah yeah and generally that's true in the family that is true but we also stand behind our black men. All right, Nadine thank you for the call. Even when they kill a couple of people that's all right. Okay. Let's go to a Pompano. Hello. Get the OJ Junior. Okay. Here's Volca on a purple line. Hello. I feelty because they never found any of OJ's blood at the murder scene. Okay. Let's go to a sure four-lautordale. Hello. Yeah, I think the jury's gonna find him guilty and got for pity. They find a minute and all those millionaires in Brent where we're gonna trash those country clubs. There you go. They're getting ready to do it right now. Some matter of fact there to be big white riots all over Los Angeles. Maybe even all the way down to San Diego, up to free with a frisco. All those fags are gonna come out in frisco again. Here's a wait a minute. I don't want to interrupt myself but be my final and happy. Can you handle it? I don't think you can handle the pressure. Can you folks are you like sitting down? Are you like in a prone position right now? If I were you I would lay down right on a floor. I would just grab whoever's next to me and cleanse your fate. They're thing real tight. That's what I would do right now if I could. Here's a Hollywood. Hello, no, not yours. Here's Hollywood. Hello. It doesn't fit. Yeah. So you're full of what? Dr. Went down. Tell the jury of ignore all the evidence and just do what you want. Do what he say. Cochrane went down. Well, that's not getting into that. That's coming later from his ex-wife. Let's do a Miami. Hello. Derease there's one first one second. Okay. See these people now these real intellectuals are starting to make it complicated. 10 16 16 to 13 on a guilty side. Getting really really tight. Four and a half minutes and counting baby. It's getting emotional now. How about you? They're gonna be counting down here on AP pretty soon. Huh? Are they in a KFI? I think they're so enthralled with the calls. And the gloves? I don't think they're even carrying the verdict on a KFI. They're so wrapped up when he's got them. Tony from KFI. And then she comes in. He sees Goldman and he goes nuts. And he takes them down and he takes them both down. But I think the thing is is that they keep on forgetting to talk about that bag that Kato offered to get from OJ and that probably had a coat and there's something that had all the blood on it. Yeah. Go arrest my case. So anyway, there are a file and end of the courthouse right now as a matter fact. This is an exclusive here at WI do their filing in. There are all the attorneys on both sides who have been there. A little judge is getting ready to come out and sit at his on his throne. And a jury will be in there in a couple of minutes. And OJ, looking at OJ sitting right by and then the Johnny Cochran keeps rubbing his back, giving him that back rub. He can think he likes it. And OJ stands up and looks straight. It looks into the audience. Look straight at Fred Goldman and said, the kill in the call. Here's a 20 years for overacting. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello, Yes, sir. Yeah, I figured out why if we barely went to OJ last night. Yeah. You wanted to get the bill settled up for the murder. Here you go. Good point. So I think you're going to be found guilty. Okay. Course, F. Lee, like I said, he ain't getting the dime from this because he's got those a $400 billion from all the drug people down here in South Florida. And he's busy by OJ a house. Okay? No, he never stalked Goldman. He was never jealous about Goldman to any large extent. He was somewhat jealous about him. I don't know. And this was okay. Keep that in mind. He was somewhat jealous about him. Okay. These experts, these little 10 year old experts sitting out there at KF final Los Angeles going on a year opening up a big mouth. Course, keep in mind. That's the same station that put Daryl Gates on a year. Okay? I mean, be one thing to put Bill Gates on a year. That might be okay. But this station put Daryl Gates on a year. Give me a show for about two days. They said, oh, nobody cares anymore. Bye Daryl. Same thing with Howard. They put him on a year in Chicago for like five minutes. Oh, gee Howard, you said something. We don't like. Goodbye. By the way, Howard's picked up on WJJD in Chicago. Started this morning. I just thought I would mention it. Okay? So now the countdown gets real real serious. Okay? In fact, I think I just better keep this up. Just in case, we don't want to miss a bloody thing. For a book picture of her. Uh huh. Okay. That was really beautiful. So now we got to pause for you round for like the next 10 seconds while we wait for that. Was that the firm in junior? That was Philip Van Adder? Okay. We got two minutes in counting, baby. Two minutes. There at the end. That's it. No more. Go away. And that may have been a fatal decision. Oh, they're hyper ventilating on APD. Hear that? They're not the days in the AP Hot Pot. Okay. Pop that. Okay. Oh, the live special report. The Simpson verdict anchored coverage of the Simpson verdict comes your way on AP Hotline to the top of the hour straight up. This live special report will be an actual on the call Mark Smith. A kill on a cold. A coverage comes your way. A kill on a cold. A kill on the cold. A P on line talking of a live special report. I'm going to begin one minute 30 seconds from a kill on the call from Mark. Okay. Okay. I think we can handle a Georgia thing. We can do it. Can we get another caller to on here? Because these people are foaming at the month. After we get the verdict, you'll have plenty of opportunity to vent. You'll have plenty of opportunity to open nine night. You pal. We heard enough of your crap. Oh, and if this, if this mark, what's this guy's name Mark Smith from my AP audio? If this guy interrupts while in the middle, there's the judge. We're on CNN. There is the little jab judges there right now. He means business. He's not going to a potch gear round. Okay. There's OJ. Sidney. He's got there. Look on his push. There's this. Now this is from yesterday. See that? Okay. That's good. That means we can go to a talk up. See your shaking your head. You think you got a touch job? How sweet heart? So anyway, I think what they what they're trying to say is, which is going to take a big dump in about five minutes. Which is what we're having to do a lot. So, you know, like I said, when we come back after we finally get the verdict and the whole song that answers over with, how is this going to change anybody's life? Except for all the housewives and the other misfits out there who never handle life who've made this into a goddamn substitute life. Look at the engineering staff in here, man. Look at that. We got one on one side and one on the other. It's like the scales of justice. Only Steve Ziggler is weighing down. He loves side. Pretty heavy duty at this point. That's right. It's enough to make you flip your wigs Steve. So anyway, here's the moment we've gone through months and months and months. We've agitated and moved palpitated and we've masturbated. We're just going crazy. This is Wiod in Miami. It's one o'clock PM in the eastern zone. It's 10 o'clock AM in a western zone and now comes the goddamn moment of truth. Maybe here it is. This is a live special report from APNET Work News. The Simpson verdict. Good day to you. I'm Mark Smith. We are about to learn the verdict of the century. After a trial lasting more than a year, testimony running to eight months and closing arguments of nearly a week, jurors deliberated yesterday less than four hours before telling Judge Lansing, though they'd reached a verdict in the case of the people versus OJ Simpson. There were guests in the courtroom at the stunning quickness of the verdict. Judgito ordered it sealed until this morning. This hour so that all the lawyers could be present for its reading. And so it is that OJ Simpson spent what must have been an agonizing night in his jail cell waiting to hear whether he will go free or spend the rest of his life in prison for the murders of his ex-wife Nicole and her friend Ron Goldman. Court has not yet convened and we are awaiting Judge Edo's now familiar opening of back on the record in the Simpson matter. Yesterday the lawyers in the Simpson matter were to put it mildly shocked at how quickly the jury had acted. So a defense attorney called Douglas who sat next to Simpson will the jury report it in. Surprise doesn't begin to describe my feelings. Prosecutor Christopher Darden told reporters nothing. It shocks me anymore. I killed your call. For one brief readback the testimony of limousine driver Alan Park before asking for verdict forms. When they filed into their seats, we're told they avoided Simpson's gaze. We are joined now as we have been throughout this trial by correspondent Brian Blan at the LA criminal courts building. Brian can you set the scene for us out there? Good morning, Mark. The scene inside the building is one of incredible tension and we're everyone just waiting that you can feel the tension building. There's there's very little else to say about what's going on inside the building. One can well imagine what's going on in the hearts and minds of the families involved in this murder trial. The attorneys who have worked 20 hour days and in the mind of O. J. Simpson as well as he waits to see Judge Edo now taking his seat in the court right. I'll see you soon. Judge Edo in his chair. His counsel Mr. Schpiro Mr. Carver was in court. The action is to Bailey, Mr. Bledger. People are represented by Ms. Clark, Mr. Darden, and Mr. Hodgman. The jury is not present. Good morning counsel. All right. The referee schlacked earlier this morning at nine o'clock the court met informally with counsel here in the courtroom because there are too many lawyers to go into chambers this morning. For the purposes of discussing notifications to the jury's jurors regarding their rights of privacy and the interest of the news media to interview them or speak to them following the delivery of the verdict in court here today. The court distributed to the parties copies of the question area that has been distributed to the jurors and also the notice to them regarding confidentiality under 237 of the code of civil procedure and those two questionnaires have been returned by the jurors. They have uniformly indicated their desires that they're publicly, two minute private information for remained confidential. They have also indicated to the court unanimously a desire not to speak to the attorneys, including after the conclusion of the trial and not to speak with the news media. All right. Counselors or anything else we need to take up before I invite the jurors to join us. All right. Deputy trial and the tell the jurors please? Well, that's interesting. Brian, they have elected not to speak to reporters. What exactly are we going to hear at this point, Brian? Well, the jury formwoman will get the sealed envelope with the verdict forms in it back from the court clerk. She'll inspect the envelope to make sure nothing happened to it overnight. She'll check the jury verdicts. The verdict forms. I should say Mark and then all of that will be passed on to the judge through the bailiff. I presume in the bailiff will then hand it over to his clerk, Yidry Robertson. It is the clerk who reads the verdict in the trial. Now, it's my understanding, Brian, correct me if I'm wrong, that people are going to have to listen pretty closely for the verdict because there's not a microphone directly in front of Mrs. Robertson. As of a few minutes ago, that question was or problem, I should say Mark was still attempting to be solved by the pool people who handled the TV and the radio feed in the courtroom. They were optimistic at about 10 before the hour of trying to get a mic on to Mrs. Robertson. I don't know at the moment if they were successful. I got to say I was looking on her desk as the camera in the court. I'm the lone camera that has shown us this trial over the Lothie's many months. It's swept past and I did not see anything on the desk. Obviously something could be a fixed to her lapel. We again will have to wait and watch and of course listen. And so we are about to hear the verdict. We seated. Your Jojito telling you zeros to have seats. Now I've been rejoined by all the members of our jury panel and our alpinist. Good morning again ladies and gentlemen. All right Mrs. Robertson, would you have the envelope with the seal very far? Would you give us the deputy trial? She stands and hands the envelope to one of the chair's deputies. And would you return those to our four persons here in number one? 51 year old divorced black woman seated in the seat of one person. Would you please open the envelope and check the condition of the verdict forms? Obviously the jurors as they have been throughout this trial remaining out of camera shot. So we can only surmise what is happening now to our number one holding the forms. The Gordon camera focused tightly on O.J. Simpson has looked occasionally pressed. We're in what looks to be a light gray suit. White shirt. Had an eye. I sit on her gloves. You can go over to the corner of the jury box it would appear. Yeah. Yeah. Okay we'll leave to listen closely because much of this is going to be happening. Ask microphone. And dummy up. All right, Madam for person you've had the opportunity to review the verdict forms. Are they the same forms that you signed and are they's in order? All right would you hand those police a deputy trial? And you have signed and dated those verdict forms and the deputy retrieves the forms then? The Gordon camera is not showing us where the forms are now but we believe they're on judge Edo's desk. Yeah. Well. Simpson flanked by Johnny Cochran on his left Robert Kardashian is longtime friend on Terry honest right. Cochran has his hands pressed together in front of his mouth. Ladies and gentlemen and the jury, I am going to ask that you carefully listen to the verdicts as they are being read by the clerk Mrs. Robertson. As after the verdicts have been read you will be asked if these are your verdicts and I would caution the audience during the course of the reading of these verdicts to remain calm and that any discred if there is any disruption during the reading of the verdicts the bailiffs will have the obligation to remove any persons disrupting these proceedings. All right Mrs. Robertson. Two counts of murder facing O.T. Simpson. All right Mr. Cotton's dear Simpson would you please stand and face the jury? Simpson does. Mrs. Robertson. Superior Court of California County of Los Angeles and in the matter of the people of state of California versus O. and Thal James Simpson case under BA 097 211. We the jury and the involved in tight election find a defendant or a O. and Thal James Simpson not guilty of the crime of murder. All right. By the penal court section 187 a ability upon the cold brown Simpson a human being as charged in count one of the employees. On a cauldron grass Simpson shoulders Simpson slaps Robert Kardashian on the back and the back of the court. The court has been a California County of Los Angeles and the matter of the people state of California versus O. and Thal James Simpson. We the jury and the involved in title action find a defendant or in Thal James Simpson not guilty of the crime of murder. All right. The violation of penal court section 187 a ability upon Ronald Lyle Goldman a human being as charged in count two of the information. We the jury and the involved in tight election further find a special circumstances that the defendant or Thal James Simpson has in this case been convicted of at least one crime of murder of the first jury and one or more crimes of murder of the first is or second degree to be not true. Find this second day of October 1995 to a 230 ladies and gentlemen of the jury. Is this your verdict? So say you once. Say you all. Yeah. All right. Council. Mr. Simpson would you be seated please? How do you why the court wronged please? The tears you hear from the golden family. And would you please hold yours? Fred Goldman is faced a picture of shock since in shaking hands now with all of his attorneys leaning over to whisperer one. Robert Shapiro is here. Is this your verdict? Sure number two as to count one is this your verdict? Sure number three as to count one is this your verdict? Sure number four as to count one is this your verdict? Sure number five as to count one is this your verdict? Sure number six as to count one is this your verdict? Sure number seven as to count one is this your verdict? Sure number eight as to count one is this your verdict? How much you three number nine as to count one is this your verdict? Sure and or number eleven as to count one as this your verdict? Sure number twelve as to count one is this your verdict? Number one is to count two is the Shiverdick. Three of us. Number two is to count. Re-reading of the verdicts to all the jurors, the polling of the jurors, the Shiverdick. Prosecutors sit stoneface at their table because to redarb and facing directly toward the jury. Marcia Clark will yam Hodgman, the Shiverdick. Facing forward their heads, glancing to the side, according to the camera, showing us again. And as to count two is the Shiverdick. The picture is so, the family, I think that's Kim and Goldman's voice. We hear it mostly solving being comforted by the authority. Clarke is directed to record the verdicts as red. Who are he's agreed to, wave reading of the verdicts as recorded. Mr. Carporn. You wave reading of the verdicts as recorded. Mr. Carporn. Thank you. All right ladies and gentlemen, I want to at this time take this opportunity. To publicly thank you for the service that you've given to us. The burdens that we've placed upon you were enormous. And I can begin to express the debt that we owe to you for the time. We're patient and exertion that you've given to us during the course of this case. I will have an opportunity to be with you privately later. And I'll give you my private comments when we have a chance to meet. I want to caution you at this time that there is, as you know, intense media interest in this case. The news media will probably seek you out at your home or at your place of business. And I would implore that the news media act responsibly to avoid harassing you or identifying you without your consent. Or otherwise causing you concern. Where the wish to cooperate with the news media is of course entirely up to you. However, I must warn you to expect the worst as far as that is concerned. We want to, I know I share with you when expressing our thanks to the bailiffs from the sheriff's department to our core reporters, Mr. Foxom and Ms. Olson To the research attorney John Bern, who's assisted us, our Pepperdine Law Clerk, Mr. Gallauden, Ms. Carzwell, our media liaison jury and Hazelit and FirstAff. And of course the jury commissioner Gloria Gomez and her staff. All right, council, is there anything we need to take up before we excuse the jurors, Mr. Carzwell? Mr. Carzwell, I'll ask that for you. You're trying to talk around his ask to approach the bench here. And, uh, Marsha Clark, stepping up there as well. Again, you can hear the tears of the families, the sigh of relief from O.J. Simpson, slapping the backs of his attorneys and shaking hands with them. And so the end of a more than year long saga, the trial of the century, not guilty on both jobs, the listening to continued coverage of the Simpson verdict from AP Network News. Okay, it's all over, 114 to WID, what did I tell you? System WIOD, the decision. Okay, I'm assuming you got him in the fetal position at this point. Okay, we'll get our incident analysis now. Might as well do that. I told you it was going to be not guilty. This is a sham and a force that we've been dragged through for last eight or nine months now. And, you know, basically this number one was not a jury of his peers. It's not the composition much less the city of Los Angeles. Certainly not the city of Brentwood or whatever it is. Township, whatever they called it. That's number two. And, uh, number three, you know, you've got a situation here where the guy was the multi-millionaire. Oh, brings in the dream team. Briggs and all these guys can put on a rag. Johnny did his sermon on the month there and he in and screw the evidence. You've got overwhelming compelling evidence that man lies to his teeth. We got no alibi murdered these two people and justice can be bought. The only thing we learned from this is that justice can be bought. And, especially if you appeal to people on a bigoted standpoint, because that's what it was done. Nine black son of jury and when it came in real fast, yeah, I don't know, maybe that was window dressing about the thing with the the limo driver. I have no idea why they even listen to the Alan Park testimony again because it's pretty obvious at this point. These 12 had their minds made up right off the bat. Maybe there was the one hold out to one woman and he said, well, he was kind of dubious and Kato said this and he said that, et cetera. And I was just, okay, let's get out of here. Okay, here's the lantern. Hello. Holy shot. Yeah. What do you think of that? I think it's pathetic. Yeah, I do too. I'm thinking, I called for you a little poll right before and I think it got me going. Reason that called and you know, the have all the pictures outside of the courthouse. Yeah. And somebody had to record up. OJ, guilty or not, free him. Was an accurate. Yeah, you know, it's a, you know, it's like it's like the people that were running along the freeway as he was fleeing in a Bronco. Remember that? Yeah. Go, OJ, go, OJ. See, this is this blind hero worship that we got in this country toward Jocks and of course, as we're finding out more and more every day, most of the Jocks are scumbags. Yep. Yeah. Or hell of a lot of them anyway. It's the same. We're here as an escumter. Yeah. We can't leave them all here. Okay. Well, the message we get out of this is make a lot of money. So just in case, you know what I'm saying? Yep. Okay, pal. And speaking of making a lot of money. Now that he's out, he's going to walk out that courtroom door. Can you imagine a money that he's going to be raking in now? Or OJ cost millions for this defense? That's small potatoes. That's nickels and dimes. It's pocket change compared to the millions it's going to be made now. The book, the screenplay, the movie, the interviews, the UN aim it. He's going to be doing it. Now he can go back to be in a hero again. How I was framed by OJ Simpson. And even the a notes he was taken on the, you know, on the yellow on the legal tablets? Well, probably be selling those two with the X's nose on it. Oh, it took a damn play from the bills. Here's my, me. How you doing now? Not too good. Yeah, I mean, this is the most disgusting display of money buying just as I have ever seen. Yeah. This is, this is the most horrendous thing. How could you look, how did you just forget about all the evidence? And the Johnny Cochrane guy just pulling out the race card, the race deck, all 52 cards he pulled out. And who cares if Mark Ferman is the racist? That doesn't mean he was a genius. You know? I mean, this is just gross. And I want to tell you something, if the guy who is accused of the crime would have been white, and the two victims would have been black, and it would have been exactly the same evidence, same situation. It would have been different. And no, but my point is this, if they would have had nine whites on a jury and come up with the same knock guilty verdict, they would be writing again for other reasons. That's right. When you got the rare case of a black man, whether it's Michael Jackson or OJ Simpson, who is a multi-millionaire, it can buy off his own justice. Then, how long do we finally got justice? And I just feel so bad for Goldman's family, especially because Nick holds family, knew he was an abusive man and it was going to happen. Yeah, they were siphoning off the money tree, but the Goldman's, you know, right places are wrong, they really, they really got stuck. That's true. Well, thanks a lot, Neil. Okay, but now, there's an outreach. Welcome to America. Yeah, thanks a lot. Open line of dates, seven, you know, welcome to America where justice is just a figment of your imagination, okay? You can't complain about the justice in this country because there isn't any except maybe on a brave's. 121 at WIOD. So this former football star stands in the courtroom and watches his life pass before his eyes. We're jury and he both can find a life you find a defendant or a co-invaled day, since the knock guilty of the crime of murder. And life goes on. The trial of the century from start to finish on news, talk and entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. Okay, 1.25 at WIOD. Here's Daniel. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. I don't know what more to say, but this has been one of the worst days in my life. I'm just, I've never been so stunned. I mean, just watching the Goldman family like that, I'll probably, it makes me cut your blessings. I know one thing. Unfortunately, in this day and age, money does by justice. Yeah. For all the wrong reasons. And I just hope people really watch this case very closely and learn a lot from it. Because I'll tell you if you ever want to commit a crime, number one, make sure you have lots of money saved up. Yeah. And number two, make sure you live in LA because it's going to be one depressing young keeper. Okay. I'll tell you right now. I just want to call and just express my opinion that's all. Okay. Thanks. Take care. Yeah. What are how the Goldman family is going to be feeling on the Yom Kipperdum, or how does it feel like we have to ask? We have an open line of Broward 5249463, what are how the Shapiro family and the Achek family and some of these other graverobbers, how they're going to feel. I told you there's no more justice. It's a question in acting game. We're not, we're not seeking to get justice here. We're not looking to get the facts. We're going to find out who the best actors are. That's what it's all about. Who are the best actors? Who can swear the emotions of these schmucks from off the street? And anybody that continues to tell me that the jury system works in this country? Here is the greatest example of what a failure it is. You could ever have they've got professional jurors in England. They've got professional jurors in Canada. I think are pretty sure they do. How come we got the schmucks from off the street? Who the hell wants to be tried by a jury of their peers? Who wants to go out in the goddamn shopping mall and find nine morons out there who can't even identify a picture of the guy named Vice President but know who Judge Edo is and go on trial and have your life hanging in a balance. There you go, baby. Good luck to you. Better you than me. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. You the only guy who has the balls to tell the truth. That's for damn sure pal. Let me tell you something. I was born here but my parents were killed but I'm getting unarrathed and I'm going back to you. All right. I'm taking my panther tickets with me too. There you go. Well, they might think they're moving to Havana's what I heard. Why are they lack of a way? They're more racist than anybody. Well, I don't know if they're. I don't know. I wouldn't say they're more racist but I don't say that it's a police. Johnny Cocker and gets away with all this stuff. Yeah. You know, he's guilty of sin. Michael Jackson paid the kid 20 million dollars. Well, he's paid a whole bunch of kids. It'll toy if I don't hold a bunch of checks in the class. Right. Forget it. And how Michael in there too, yeah? Anytime there's a black person that get away in a race. It says, okay, all black. He's innocent. You know, or whatever. It's incredible. Okay, pal. Good luck. Like I've said before, there was no there were no white people saying I've Richard Speck and John Wayne, Gacy and Jeffrey Domer and the Charles Manson and Ted Bundy. Nobody was screaming, hey, these are white guys. That's why they're getting framed. And sure we know that blacks, you know, generally get crappy justice because most black people don't have very much money in American society. They're still kept under the thumb and at the bottom of the letter. So what this, what this turned out to be was a symbolic, a peric victory for black people who are in poverty in can of Ford justice. And so basically what happened here is they made a trade off. They said, well, trade the lives of Nicole Simpson Brown and Ron Goldman for a little bit of justice. Now, if you're willing to accept that, if you think that's the way it goes, then hey, great. I would just all you anglers out there, just get out of your jobs right now and say, hey, some minority, even if you're a moron, come on in take my job. I'll go out and go on welfare. See how I like it because we got to make up for lost time. Yes, Jennifer. This is a KFI react right after the first time. Okay, thank you. Okay, do you hear the our sister station by the way, those disjockey talk show host? Hey, how you doing? Here's the ojit. Are they on their all ride? Let's get some real good feedback from KFI at LA. It makes no sense. There's no logic. There's no reason. There's no rationality. Please, nobody tell me that this American jury system is something to be proud of. This is disgusting. What has gone wrong with me? I mean, I got away with double murder. The Kim Goldman's crying is going to hunt me for a long time. I could hear that clearly. The audio from the courtroom. She was absolutely. She bent over crying sobbing. Look at this. Look at this. I can't even look at these pictures. She sobbing and there's freaks. I guess outside. She was screaming and pointing at the LAPD. Just lick them. Okay. Thanks, Jennifer. One twenty nine at W.O.D. There's KFI in his net interest. And that's what I just said. Isn't that what I just got through telling you man, the jury system blows. It's time to blow up the jury system man. And by the way, it might be interesting to point out if you're watching it. If you're listening, obviously not near a TV said. But outside the courtroom, just in case there was a whole bunch of shot to stirbers getting ready. Just in case the guilty verdict came down. And then they decided, oh, hey, it's not guilty. So instead of a riot, let's have a party baby. All right. How do you like that? They were going to have a different kind of a barbecue. Now they whipped out the goddamn whey, he's in the sausage. Here is the South Miami Beach. Hello. I knew. Yes, sir. Long time listener first time call. Okay. You're listening to an African American male who does believe that O.J. Simpson did have something to do with the murder. Something to do. That's something I don't believe he alone could kill two people by himself. And just absolutely, there are no clothes found. There's no murder weapon. There's no fish. There's no that. Sure, all the evidence points towards. Let me ask you this question. Do you think if we had that little black bag that might be like a little more early? Any course. I certainly do. I certainly do. See, I'd like to know why we didn't hear more from out. Cowlings. We didn't hear more from Robert Kardashian. Of course, then there's always that lawyer client privilege with Kardashian. So they probably figured they could use that as an excuse. Right. But there's an awful lot here that we didn't hear about some evidence that we know existed, but disappeared. And see that the issue with me is that if I were a jurist, the jurist did not see or hear everything that we saw and heard. That's right. So we should not expect them to see things from outperspective. They were only shown bits and pieces of what we saw. So they came back with reasonable doubts. Of course. You see? And I just believe with myself, I know that he had something to do with it. Either he, I believe actually, I believe he just found it. But yeah, there you go. I mean, really, you know, he's been there crying for what? Maybe Denise did it. Okay, pal. Thanks, guys. Have a great life. Open line of Broward 524. See, on a one hand, I'm very bitter and I'm very upset. But on the other hand, number two, I already knew it was going to happen. And number three, I've already told you the prosecution did one hell of a crappy case in presenting the evidence. There were all kinds of things that they didn't present. And you know, trying to put Marsha Clark in the, and this other guy, Chris up against these, this dream team against Flee Bailey and Johnny Cochran and Bob Shapiro and very a check, trying to put these guys up there against them. It ain't never going to happen, man. We had the sermon on the month there. All that did was put the icing on the cake. That just put the icing on the cake. He got up there, he quoted Moses Abraham Jesus. I mean, Joseph Smith, everybody was ever been invented, Buddha, Confucius. And that was it, baby. And we hear there a few haymands and the high fives in the background and there we go, not guilty and we see on a golf course. I guarantee at this Sunday, man, the NFL today on NBC, Mark My Words. Huh? Is he doing the dolphins game? He's going to be doing the dolphin. In fact, he might be on a guy named Booker Bell Monashow. You can all look out. What happened? He might be on a bills thing. He's got that loyalty to the bills to hell with dolphins. Here's a mobile in my, maybe, hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. Regarding, I think that a lot of how they have to do with money number one because money does buy you a certain amount of freedom. And for you to have that kind of a defense, there was no way that the prosecution was going to win this case. I feel in many ways. Remember now there was a district attorney that spoke with a, with a, a prosecution, maybe about three months ago and said, look, back away from Furman, because this guy is a time bomb and they said, we don't want to hear it. And he just basically, you know, stuck with Furman and Furman was a time bomb. So you know, something I think that even without the Furman tapes, I think the verdict would win the same. You see, because they're going through all this very complicated DNA evidence. And I'm sitting there and I'm, you know, not paying that much attention, but I'm picking up bits and pieces of it. And, you know, considering myself a little bit above the average intelligence of the schmucks on a jury or out there on the streets, who can understand it? Who can really understand the one thing I do understand is you can't create a false positive on a DNA blood test. You can't do it. There's no such thing. And I just did, but the fourth person was a delicious six year old black woman. Yeah. From one of the, what is who saw a function from Crenshaw, one of the real nasty black neighborhoods in California? Yeah. So I figure, oh my god, this is it, you know, and when they came to, I think they were taking a lot longer to find them guilty. I think they would have gone through all the evidence one more time and lose it. Okay. Now we know 100% that he's guilty. Yeah. Yeah. They had their minds made up by the time and in fact before the final closing arguments were done. Okay. His phone is crap. And now we have an open line in day 751. Oh my god. And let's go to a Jupiter. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Got my passport. Yep. Better squeeze a tight man. I'm waiting for the gunshot. Yeah. You know what I mean? You're talking about Fred Goldman. Yeah. He does a better. You think you think you're going to be somebody else? Hey, hey, the man deserves it. It doesn't matter. Okay. You know, I hope it's, you know, visualizing justice. The nice part about if Goldman did it, they'd give him 99 years and suspend the sentence. Okay. Get out of here, man. Maniac. Open line on the green line. 1-800-944-9463-18944-Wild-D-135-Wild-D. 610-Wild-D. Appealing to Luna Ticks everywhere. Okay, 1-30. What is it where I get what? 20 Brad Pitt. Oh, the Brad Pitt. That's from the internet. Talk to your friend Jennifer about that. She's a collector of good stuff like that. She'll get you one for your wife. And of course, one for you too. We know about you. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Okay, 22 till 2 at Wild-D is we continue the post-mortem. This will probably go on for another day. Maybe two will be able to milk it. And then most people will go back and life goes on. And back to the young and horny. You know, I think it's a good room, Sam. Because we've been dragged through whether we liked it or not. I mean, it was no way to avoid it. Even if you try to lock yourself in a broom closet, we've been dragged through eight or nine months now. I actually like a year or plus. So you're in a half almost of this OJ crap. And please don't tell me. Don't insult my intelligence by saying, well, Johnny Cochran, you know, like I said, that was the frosting on a case. Okay, they had their minds made up a long time ago. Which is why it only took him three or four hours of sitting around and putting on, you know, a fake performance there. The minds were made up a long ago, man. This trial had nothing to do with evidence. It had nothing to do with anything except the ethnic composition of the jury. Plus the fact that the prosecution did a really sloppy half-ass job. But I mean, that was also just a little bit more helping a good excuse. But if you think you're going to come to America and get justice without seeing Don Corleon forget it, North Miami Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to learn my voice to the signaling feeling that I'm getting after this. Yep. You absolutely right. The American Justice, the drug, the jury system is the biggest part that was ever created. Yep. Tell me what normal person would rather give up the job and his family and set a jury for nine to ten months? Right. What normal person? Well, see, these people, I guess all of them are going to be right in the book. I mean, some of the ones who were kicked off the jury already got their books out. These people are going to follow in their footsteps. In fact, when a judge was saying, you know, it's up to your own discretion as to whether you want to cooperate with the media or not. And of course, I'm thinking, well, it all depends on how much they offer to pay. You know, that's where it's at. Did you hear the history of the jurors from yesterday? Did these people professional jurors? I mean, they've been on jurors where they've demanded overturning convictions. Yeah. Well, they're like the professional talk show guest, which is also a big first. I think. I'm sick. And I don't want to think it's got for that. I should ever get into one of these gems. I'm running. Keep that passport handy all the time. Exactly. Exactly. Okay. And get a fast you driver than alcoholics in the Bronco. You know, if you're going to get the airport and, you know, get to get a flight out of town to someplace where they have no extradition, get a faster driver than alcoholics. Let's go to Miami Lakes. Hello. Me, oh. Yes, sir. I cannot believe this. A couple of weeks ago, you were talking about getting professional jurors. Right. And I was laughing at the Naniwtis coin, you know, it's the right. Yeah, right. I've been saying that for 20 years. You are absolutely correct, sir. All right. This is the biggest travesty I've seen. Just tell us you basically, if you have the money, you know, go ahead and do what you can do. Yeah. And, you know, get away with murder. This is. So when you have professional jurors, they are trained in the all the machinations of the law. They're not, they're not going to be swayed by actors, by all this song and a dance, by the assurment on the amount. They're not even going to put up with any of that crap. Okay. Just give me the facts like Jack Webb and Dragnet and they'll iron them out and they'll understand. And, you know, I mean, even though they still are human beings, nevertheless, they're specifically trained not to be, you know, gullible off to buy it all this bull crap. We don't see the whole premise of the American criminal justice system is not to get justice. It's to get lawyers a lot of work and a lot of money. That's what it's all about. I can't, I just can't believe those 14 or 12 of them that sat there. Looking at the pain of the golden family and the brown family. You know, it could just come back in four hours or whatever. How much time it took them to delivery. First of all, it shows that nowadays there's no regards for life. You know, I mean, at least a couple of days of deliberation to find out, you know, well, let's look at this thing from all over. Even to make it look good. Even to make it look good. You know, I mean, after eight months, what difference is one more day going to make just to give the impression well. We went back and even though we didn't go over every piece of testimony, 50,000 pages. We went over all the highlights. We thrashed it out. We're all the possibilities. We looked at the marshes pyramid there and we just had too many doubts in our mind and it's Edward so on. You know, and then there are some people might have been able to buy that. But the fact that they make it so blatantly obvious that they had already talked among themselves, which is in total violation of the judges instructions, that they already made up their minds collectively. You know, well, what's the point? Why do we even bother going through the exercise? It's the message that is being sent out there right now is that life, you know, two young, you know, private people, especially, you know, how many times have you heard me say that human life in America is worthless. There's no premium on it. It's like stepping on a cockroach. Yeah, well, you don't care about it. Don't do that because you might go to pray for it. And if this wasn't a notorious sensational crime and these people weren't at least in her case, married to a celebrity, nobody would even give an a crap about this. Nobody would have cared. No, realistically, you know, there has to be an overall, and I know this is nothing. Well, we're doing now is just voicing our opinions and nobody's going to do anything about it. No, because nobody cares. Exactly. If they did care, they wouldn't allow it to go on like it is now, but the majority of the people are dumbasses. Yeah, but, you know, realistically, the best thing to do is just hang onto the passport and go someplace where at least. Obviously, overwrought with emotion, not doing this with any kind of common sense whatsoever, just looking at it again is a racial thing. And I'm sure that all of these black people have got four or five million. So if they're ever accused of murdering anybody, they can get the dream team for themselves, right? Or maybe OJL pay for the dream team to defend the next time if they're the next ones up right? Right. It's pathetic. Here is a four-laterdale. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Can you do lend me about five million dollars? No problem. I kill two people. I don't feel like going to the party. Well, I mean, even if he didn't kill him yet, if he ever decided to do it, it's always good to have four or five million. Hang in around a special account, just in case. I keep keeping, keep the dream team on retainer just in case they do gotten two people. Right. Yep. I don't need to get off. I don't want to do any job openings over NLITD in the DA's office. For instance, the department? Yeah. No. What is the prize? Check what child called Dennis Fung's extension. Let's go to Boko. Hello. Neil? Yes, sir. The court of the century from the crime of the death from the trial of the century. If I go down, the whole trial goes down. Yeah. We just weren't listening. Okay. Thanks Neil. Okay. He believes that. I'm going to still say, whether without Mark Ferman, it's not guilty. I believe that. I mean, we got no way of knowing that until, of course, the books come out. What a happy next week. Yeah, that's another interesting thing. You know, double day in all these other publishers, you know, I mean, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. What do you do? I can't figure out why they chase them all around LA, and you know, he was guilty of it. I always thought, you know, deep down, I always do with guilty, but if like there's somebody else there, do you see a son right down today in that courtroom? Yes, I did. Well, who do you think you'd cover for if it was of his own child? Yeah. What are you talking about? What do you think the son did? I think that they're nice. Hey, nice that I'm running. I've heard other people say that, but you don't need to look for some kind of, you don't need to look for that because all you got to look is the man himself, no alibi, he lied through his teeth. Oh yeah. Well, he came running in a house at the last second. Oh, you know, money tops and BS laughs. Yeah. That's what you're trying to do. There's any blades, right? There you go. Maybe maybe you can go cover the SCL game up there. Maybe he can be. Maybe he's a perfect dad, right? Maybe they'll be comparing. No. Hang on tight, squeeze it tight. I think we need our pocket rocket. Okay, when's here and coming on? Here's a, let's see, didn't we just do that? Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Miami? Hello? Yes, sir. Oh, this is a Lauderdale mobile. Well, let's close it up. I just want to rally all the white people and let's go riot, baby. Yeah, okay. Here's a highly, a hello. Hi, this is actually a higher alert. I did think it's funny, though, that Manson basically got convicted even though he'd really didn't kill anybody. And he wasn't white guy. Yeah. I do think that's just an interesting, interesting case that they're into the wrench into the machinery here. But I think at the time, he was always unshaving the kind that dark look about him. He might have been there. Yeah, the fear of type thing he didn't have going from, in the fact that Tessia intake was probably not had to help things that either. Right. So, but, you know, as always, you're God and you were right. And don't forget, they stuck all those bodies under John Wayne Gacy's house. Keep that in mind, okay? Oh, I'm from Chicago. Next time, some facts accuse the some crime like that, it's a setup. Right. Okay. Say a pound. Good luck to us. Everything's a setup. Nobody takes, you know, he did it. He did it and he was pissed off and he got his many ounces of flesh. And he should have said, okay, I was pissed off. I was emotionally distraught. I lost my mind. I was on drugs, blah, blah, blah. But instead, they try to paint him as a wronged man. He was, uh, he happens to be black. Even always a multi-millionaire, even though almost everybody in America loved him and admired him and he was like a folk hero and etc. Forget about that, okay? He's not other victim of the system. Right. No, were the ones were the victims of the system. For justice, Don Corlion. Trust me what I tell you. Here's, so, and by the way, how's my Parkinson's spot coming at the arena? Speaking of Don Corlion, never heard any more about that, huh? People thought I was getting carried away with that? Let me tell you. What about that, Mr. Out of that right now? You know that old saying, you mess with a Falcon and you get to Claw, and you don't say mess. Here's, uh, West Palm Beach, y'all. Hey there. Yes, sir. I was on a federal case a couple years ago. Yeah. And they pay a whole lot, you know, $40 a day, which is a lot more than these people are getting. Really? Yeah. And believe me, there was nobody there. It was happy to be in that danger for the, any event. Uh, yeah. J is innocent, then Ruby was framed. Okay. Huh? Okay, I think he called before to the other guy needs mental health. Let's go to North Miami, hello. Hello. Yes. I think you meant Oswald. Yes. You don't believe in black power, man? In black power? Yeah. What means what? Oh, James Frey. So what does that guy do with black power? That's black power, man. Yeah. Yeah, he's Frey, man. So what does that prove? Yeah, I believe that cop did it. All right, guys. Hey, a firm and not only the plant the evidence, he also killed him. Is that it? Yeah. Yeah, okay. Thanks for the good. Thanks for your sharing your brilliant mentality. Thanks for showing the world what a rocket scientist you are, okay, pal? What are you laughing about, near? They just added 400 teams to the NBA. This guy's got a chance. Here's a coconut grove. Hello. Once again, the American Justice System blows a chance to redeem itself in front of the camera. I think after the word blows, you could just stop. The only good thing out of this is that martial clock will probably never work again. Good. And she needs to see a hairdresser anyway, man. She could at nine months yet, you could never get it right. Yeah, well. She needs to make new somehow. Yeah. But the only thing I'm waiting for now is Fred Goldman to take OJ out. What time is it now? One to see eight. Okay, pal. All right. Hang on. Yeah, they're showing a freeway thing here on CNN, man. Like, there's that white van. This is in this something you talk about melodramatic. You know, trying to re-enact a thing with the Bronco chase and other doing it in reverse. And they're showing the van. He's going back to Brentwood. They just cut away from that because I opened up my big mouth. And now we got a defense news conference. Okay. Is that on? Uh-oh. Defense news conference. Tricky. Fish and tankard coverage of a news conference by the defense comes your way. See, I'm even ahead of Mama Head of AP audio, baby. I'm on top of it, man. I am right on top of it and right thing around me. Way. Beginning exactly. 60 seconds from Wolf. From Wolf. Wolf. Mark. Yeah. AP Hotline. Okay, Mark. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. This is Pete. My comment's been taking more than 60 seconds. But this first time, cause there's three days I'm going to remember in my life. Yep. And I'm 45 years old. That's what the day Kennedy was shot. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Where are the colombers? We should have colombers. We should have, every city should have colombers. Yeah. Pretty smart killer. OK. Very smart people and the just venine. I believe it. I believe it's hands are dirty. I believe he had help. Right. Right. But all the police are the prosecutors, new they didn't have strong enough case. And they just had a, like, colombers. just like Colombo will keep our eye on him. Okay pal, that's what we're gonna do from here on in. So are they gonna do this thing or what? This is a live special report from APNET Work News. The Simpson verdict. Good day to you. I'm Mark Smith. Hello, I'm Drew. You're welcome. Hello, the same two words for both count. Three minutes and not guilty. And O.J. Simpson is to be a free man for the first time in 14 months. The verdicts read in Judge Lancy Dose Court Room. The article is called Climax to a trial that obsessed the nation for a year. That courtroom, Department 103 of the Superior Court has been cleared now. So the defense team and the Simpson family can hold a news conference. The prosecution and defense tables put together now. And Johnny Cochran is at the microphone. See to this. That's not what I want to say. Thank God for this verdict. He always directs our paths and he's worthy to be praised. And in the outset Jason Simpson, the eldest male child of O.J. Simpson, will read a statement from Mr. Simpson and from the family. I want to echo that. I want to echo that. I can't hold the code. Family. I want to thank God without whom. I don't know where we be. He's truly amazing. Amazing. I'm a statement from my father. I'm relieved that this part of the incredible nightmare that occurred on June 12, 1994's over. My first obligation is to my young children who will be raised the way that Nicole and I had always planned. My second obligation is to my family and to those friends who never wavered in their support. But when things have settled a bit, I will pursue as my primary goal in life. The killer or killers who slaughtered Nicole and Mr. Goldman. They are out there somewhere. Whatever it takes to identify them and bring them in, I'll provide somehow. I can only hope that someday, despite every prejudicial thing that has been said about me publicly, both in and out of the courtroom, people will come to understand and believe that I would not, could not, and did not kill anyone. My father will have more to say at a later time. Thank you, Jason, and from the family. We will take questions out to make a brief statement. We will take questions out thereafter. On behalf of the entire team, I just like to say, how grateful we are for this verdict. Because we think this verdict bespeaks justice. We never wavered in our faith. We were always optimistic. We had an optimistic, optimistic, improved, right. I'd like to just individually thank all of the team members. Everybody on this team played a great, great part in this victory. There's no question about it. We hung together in the tough times. We always saw this day coming. And now this here we feel really good about it. I've faced particular tribute today to Joel and Demetrius, the lady of mine, right, shoulder who helped us pick this jury. We lost 10 jurors. But yet we still had 12 who we felt did the right thing. The other two people who aren't present that I'd like to thank are very second Peter Newfell, who couldn't make it back from New York. But they're in their newfell's living room today watching this and we send our love and regards to them. Mr. Simpson needs to say it's ecstatic. Once they get on with his life. And we are all ecstatic, so we'll take your questions. What are you doing? Tony, a lot of people are already saying that this was a case in which race transcended the facts. Overcame the facts. Could you comment on that? Yes, I'd like, I'm just a question, Linda. If you watch this piece, Linda Doerj, watch the arguments, then you know this idea of any jury nullification of the idea we didn't have the facts. It's preposterous. And the opening part of my argument through a strategy we devised with Li Bailey. We said that if we could shatter the prosecution's timeline so that OJ Simpson couldn't have committed this crime, that there would be a reasonable doubt. That's even before we ever got to the socks, the glove, and firmer anything else. So these pundits who make filestayments don't know what they're talking about. They haven't tried cases. They don't know what they're talking about. This was a case based upon the evidence. And so that's all we were saying. There was a reasonable doubt. And when you see a trial that lasts nine months where the jury takes this period of time, they have gone to what we said. And if you look at that timeline, OJ Simpson could not, did not, would not have committed this crime. And I think that becomes very clear. So I think that's a very appropriate question. I think that was there a point during this summation during the closing argument that you were looking at the eyes of the jury, and you knew something. Who's telling you something? That you were winning? Well, it's always hard to say, Joe, but I mean, I felt that they were very attentive for a territory. They're very attentive. And then one of the jurors got up and went out and when she came back, she'd been crying. And I thought that was pretty interesting. And then they all started a lot of them took notes who had been taking notes before. Well, we're a lot of us crying right now. W-I-O-D-My-M-E-It's 202. You're listening. And we're getting paid. 610-W-I-O-D. Miami Fort Lauderdale. News talking entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D. O-J-Wawks. Good afternoon at 202. This is Jennifer Ram. News talking entertainment radio. 610-W-I-O-D. Rotty-by-Mick-Dunnels. For a moment in time, virtually everything stopped as the verdict in the trial of the century was read. We've a jury in the above-into-the-the-laction. Find the defendant or Jean-Oinfall James Simpson, not guilty of the crime of murder. O-J-Simpson acquitted in the double murder of ex-wife Nicole Brown, Simpson, and her friend Ronald Goldman, Miami criminal defense attorney Jeffrey Weiner. News of free man, he walks out. They'll be an issue regarding his children, but he'll get the children back. He's been found not guilty. Not guilty, the verdict in sense. Radio hosted LA's KFI, W-I-O-D's sister station. This is horrible. This is disgusting. God, the whole world's got to be laughing at us. Now, somebody killed those two people who was it. Yeah, I guess we should start the investigation to find the real murder, huh? Yeah, that's what's next. So who is the murderer? Show us the evidence and the trail to the real murder as please. W-I-O-D's book, often, is live at the Broward Courthouse with South Florida reaction. Brooke? Jennifer, about 75 people crowded into a lobby across from the Broward Courthouse. Many people cheered loudly when the verdicts were read. Others just shook their heads in amazement. Now, about half of the people here were African-American. Most of them felt O-J was not guilty or at least at the prosecution did not prove its case. Some others in the group also expected not guilty, but more or five years that they think O-J is guilty. So it was a bit of tension here. It's one exchange between a black woman and a white man with opposite views on O-J. But I just think God sent in a surprise that knows whether he was innocent, and knows whether he was guilty or not. God sent in a surprise. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Because that's who's gonna have to deal with it. Regardless of their views, many of the trail launchers here say the case proves that money means a lot when it comes to the criminal justice system. Thanks, Brooke, and now as you might imagine, all the crack pots are crawling out of the woodwork. Saying they knew the juice was innocent all along. Terry Brill is an intuitive astrologist out of O-Grove, California. She called the WIOD newsroom just moments ago. He's a cancer. He's very sensitive. He is very controlling, but I still don't feel that he did it. For sure. 204 at NewsTalk and Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD, time-saver traffic and a weather channel forecast coming out.