This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your brain. Any question? That'll give a shit more. Is there the dance back? Wings at the brum coat But there's the wind outside to leave up the trunks on the floor A smart dumb dog All the same odd friend We're dead and blood kind from All the same odd friend It's all the bloody blood Simpson and K-to That from a burger in fries and rest to rot near A noise in the rear Oh, Jake is nothing Trouping his socks near the bed But there's so much there Planting somewhere Hey, this is like a sandian The table of love gone from The humble label Hey, this is like a sandian Hey, Cravely I'm the bloody blood I don't know why the WMT The sad day in America And it's young kipper Which I think is very appropriate I wonder what Louis Furicon thinks about that Last 24 hours There are some people out there I guess they're getting their eyes open Now I don't know what kind of a cocoon They've been living in for the last Many, many years But this is nothing new This has been going on A kind of division and hate And separate equal kind of mentality That goes on in this country And it's really pathetic And the fact that here we got a guy that killed two people Young people in the prime of their lives And it all she may not have been the greatest You know, she slept around big the other in Hollywood She slept around, it's a typical And drugs in all that business But generally speaking by Hollywood standards They were fairly decent young people in the prime of their lives And they're dead And nobody except the families And a handful of people Nobody cares about that And I've been telling you that for years Now nobody cares about human life in America anymore All they care about is another excuse to become emotional Psychotic, hysterical Whether it's about Fidel, whether it's about O.J. Whether no matter what it is Just give me my little ethnic thing to play with this week And I'll go nuts I'll go Apeshot I thought Phil was exaggerating yesterday When he was talking about the scene in this building Because I'm here cloistered in this room And I can't see what's going on out in the hallway But as we were doing our countdown And approaching the one o'clock And finally it's about 105 Or 110 got the verdict read Obviously everybody's out in the hallway They're watching the TV's They're listening to the monitors And they're waiting to hear the verdict read And Phil comes on and describes that I mean he's out there with him At the time the knock guilty was read All I don't know all But according to him All of the black employees here at WIOD And how 105 and a coast in this building All three stations are in this building We're screaming and shouting and shearing Like they had just won a goddamn Super Bowl And the white people were walking around with their heads down Damnit and crap, etc And I thought maybe Phil was exaggerating a wee bit Then I went home like most of you And I watched all these news reports I saw the students at Howard University I saw scene after scene after scene I saw groups of black people celebrating Like their team had just won the Super Bowl The World Series and a goddamn Stanley Cup On his O' They Don't Have a Stanley Cup On the same day The only black woman that I saw Who was not happy with the verdict Was the woman up there at the shutter for the abused Baddard women in Fort Lauderdale? Did you see those women? Those women were in tears And all this crap, you know, Haraldo I give Haraldo a credit for at least having the balls To tell it like it is And he was on there for four hours on CNBC Last night exploiting You know, as he has been for months now The only problem is Haraldo's got no credibility Because he's close friends with the Brown family And wouldn't you know on the night that the verdict is read The Brown family just coincidentally go to this Clandestine location where they have a satellite uplink And they make an exclusive appearance on a guy named Haraldo Show So even though I agree with most of what Haraldo was saying And did say last night That O'Jeeb got away with murder The fact is he's got no credibility And the idea that because Denise Brown Who ain't much sure to talk about in the first place That she's running around a country now at this late day After her sister is dead Champing the cause of better than abused women It don't hold much water with me And I don't believe it I don't believe that anybody's consciousness has been raised Or that any of these cliches mean a goddamn thing Because the fact is Bobby Cox beat up his wife Warren Moon beat up his wife Irving spikes beat up his wife Those two jocs at the university Nebraska beat up their girlfriend Nobody cares about that Nobody cares Any more than in America where life of humans His life is cheap as life of cockroaches Too many people care about the fact that these two young people Were butchered Slottered And F. Lee Bailey And I can understand why she appeared But I don't ever want to speak to him again He's the lowest of them all F. Lee Bailey is the lowest of them all And a one hand he comes on yesterday And says, oh we weren't here to see justice We were here to get in the quiddle for our client Which is true But to say that right on the heels of getting the verdict Red is like rubbing the noses of the victim's family He's rubbing their noses in it And then coming on this morning On court TV I guess it was taped yesterday And I was just going on and saying Cooking up this crazy story And I do mean crazy in saying story About how it was a drug retaliation And F. Restock wasn't paying the drug dealers And they were there to hit a professional hit And F. Restock was the intended victim And I know that if I wanted to kill F. Restock I'd go to Nicole Simpson Brown's condo And just kill any woman that happened to walk outside That's how professional hitman operate Plus they leave gloves behind This the see the lawyers man I'm telling you that's what we ought to be talking about His lawyers and this whole mass grade injury But what we're talking about is racism Because that's all anybody cares about in this country Give me an excuse to hate somebody else That's what we do best in America Give me an excuse to hate somebody else And I'll hate him with all my goddamn might I'm surprised by the way they put God damn on channel 4 last night Did you see that clip on the 6 o'clock news When I'm saying it's God damn a verdict time Maybe it's 1 o'clock and they put that on channel 4 All right, so I guess that wasn't family sensitive 16 W-I-O-D Real friends out Florida Hello, I'm a black female American And I'm calling due to the fact that I'm listening to 610 A.M. Currently And I do not appreciate the comments that are being made referring to black Americans It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people I'm welfare because there are more white people I'm welfare In America then black there's more white trash out there They're not trying to get job they just want to lay around and have babies Some black people and I would appreciate if you would stop making those Correndous comments because I'm sticking tired of it And I will call my warriors All right You do that honey. How's Johnny doing? Well, Johnny's got up in the do right now Anyway, Johnny can do it for you So anyway, now Shapiro says he will never speak to F. Lee Bailey again And we'll never try a case with the Johnny Cockpit again Because they not only played the race card but they dealt from the bottom of the deck And yet he still managed somehow to show up at O.J. and sip all the champagne And party like an animal there last night as he's been doing all along And I'm sure he won't say hey, I forget about the bill Because my conscience will not be clear if I take a dime in this case Forget about the bill right right Yeah, we saw yesterday what it's all about baby You know when I was working this is 30 let's see 30 years ago Albeon Michigan And I broadcast high school basketball games We had a guy the owner of the station in fact to fancy himself a sportscaster Which he wasn't he was kind of a bozo anyway But anyway he broadcast the Albeon games and I broadcast the little town next to Albeon Was Marshall Michigan I broadcast that high school's games And one night Albeon and Marshall are playing each other at Albeon high Well Marshall was like white bread There was all like white people in Marshall But Albeon was a town it was like You know maybe 70% white and 30% black And you go in and we're sitting up there in a broadcast booth And I'm looking across at the bleachers on the other side of the gym Because the only bleachers on one side was kind of a small gymnasium And it was as if and there's no segregation Okay, this is 1966 And certainly no segregation in Michigan at that point at least not imposed And I look across at the kids sitting on the other side And it was like somebody had drawn a line down the middle in the bleachers All the black kids all of them Everyone of them who were there at the game were sitting on one side together And on the other side all the kids were white I mean there was no barrier there The bleachers just like an A to gym just go straight across But it was this if somebody would have put a sign up there saying black section white section Like the old segregated days black drinking fountain white man's restroom Whatever it was You know that old expression birds of a feather stick together And it's very very sad because if you think that the acquittal in the OJ Simpson trial is going to change anything If you think that sacrificing the lives of two white people to get even with Rodney King last time I checked it still alive And a slime ball at that by the way See I wouldn't want Rodney King to be the I wouldn't want him to be my champion as far as justice is concerned Maybe those civil rights workers in Mississippi by the way why the couple of them Jewish Somebody out of Rindle was Ferrican about that too About the civil rights workers that got boochered by the Red NX in Mississippi See I hate to break the news to the black people in America or at least in this listening audience Blacks aren't the only ones who get discriminated against okay that may come as a shock to you You know that gutter religion the Jews today as you come kipper by the way I just thought I mentioned it Yeah, well we Jews have a long history much longer than blacks in America because blacks have only been here since they were brought in crates of slaves 300 years ago 400 years ago, but Jews have been put upon by the Arabs and all the other people who decided to hate them for one reason or another for thousands of years And yet somehow Some way they managed to survive they managed to get an education They managed and again, I'm generalizing of course there are some dumb Jews there are bad Jews There are old obnoxious Jews here in Zaflota, but generally speaking to Jewish people as a whole have managed to survive very well. Thank you In this knee and it's all country then of course we got to fag so you see I got two strikes against me already. I'm a Jew fag so I got big problems And at this point we still go on with all these right wing with these good Christians Telling us how we're sinners and how we're evil and using us as political battering rams because you've always got to have a scapegoat That's what Hitler found out the more scapegoat you got to better the people like it You got to blame somebody so let's blame the faggots for the moral decay in America Right, that's what the problem is and all they're all over the rest of the goddamn world and nobody seems to be having too much of a problem about or paying any attention to it But in America, it's the goddamn fact. It's just as Pat Buchanan or Bob Dornan or any of the other goddamn or you know these good Christians Just ask Pat Robertson what the problem with America is today. It's the faggots and yet you know something We managed to be everywhere in sports in the arts in entertainment in show business doctors lawyers their fags everywhere A lot of them make it a lot of money and And as a person who's like I said got if I were just here, you know average white bread guy who's like your Christian white Anglo sex in the nondescript Maybe I wouldn't have anything to say I know all about prejudice. I know all about discrimination and what I'm tired of hearing is crying. I'm tired of stupidity I'm tired of people operating their entire lives based on emotion instead of reason and sense And that display that we saw yesterday this cheering it was just like the stuff that was going on back a year ago year and a half ago On the day that the O.J. decided to flee here's the Bronco going up and down the freeway and wasn't that really convenient Talk about completing the circus for the media that they go up the freeway nice and slow in the white van I'm surprised didn't have the Bronco which just wasn't big enough for all the people in it for the celebration party But all those people run out in the freeway last year. No, O.J. go O.J. What? What does that mean? What does that mean? He couldn't have killed anybody. I mean we all case we beat her up a few times. I mean all jobs beat up their wives and other women right chair. That's okay Never stole a freight train. We don't know what those stumps were on a wall out there. We don't have any idea who was running across the goddamn lawn We can't even imagine that if he had a guy named I drop around him at all times the mark firm and it could have picked up Ron Goldman's blood put it in the Bronco I mean there were people just running around place in blood and smearing blood all over the guy did in place if he believed Johnny Cochring No way But like I told you in the beginning and I told you again yesterday before the verdict came down there was never any chance There was no possibility that this jury would come in with a conviction And Johnny Cochring told his friends way back at a beginning during jury selection if I can get one black on ad jury We'll have a hung trial and they'll never get a conviction he got a bonus he got nine But oh, it's not a racial thing just look at all your news yesterday Not a racial thing just look at the scene we had in this building yesterday So the fact that it's just it's impossible to believe that this man didn't murder these two people It's virtually impossible to believe that Forget about that Because now chalk up on for us 1026 at Wild They were interviewing some of the dolphin players yesterday on one of the channels on the sports cast The interview two or three of the black players and I said though this is great This is just this there was a lot of doubt yoddi on yoddi on and all of the white players refused to be interviewed In a sports cast, I forget who it was might have been Steve Shapiro Said the white players thought that the verdict was incorrect We're unhappy with the verdict Now let me say this to you. Okay white people were unhappy with the verdict in the Rodney King case Because we had the video tapes there in saw me eight million times and knew that justice was not done White people were disgusted and nauseated here in Miami with the verdict in Tampa when they moved the trial over there When Arthur McDutty was butchered and murdered by the cops And the thanks that we got is the white people who happened to be driving in the wrong place at the wrong time during the riots that ensued after the verdict was announced Oh, got dragged out of their cars and had their brains gouged out with bottles Oh, a bunch of them So you see it doesn't really make any difference and let me say it again when all of these different people all the notorious people I've been mentioning for weeks Now John Wayne Gacy and David Berkowitz and Ted Bundy and Richard Speck and on and on and Charles Manson Nobody got up and said oh there being discriminated against because they're white or because they're Jewish or because they're gay or because they're whatever Now we'll say this when Alva Res was on trial and of course that's another thing because in this town Hispanics are just as guilty as anybody else They're already always screaming a song in a dance. We're being discriminated against because we're Hispanic right You see if you're going to do the crime you ought to do the time. There's one Johnny It's called taking responsibility for your own actions, which that doesn't happen in America anymore. Nobody's responsible for their own actions And so it's a game And when they say that lawyers have destroyed America that everybody's suing everybody else man, that's the goddamn truth That's the truth, but that's only that's only a symptom of the illness And if you think that by coming on some stupid radio talk show that I'm gonna were Joe Rose or anybody else is gonna come on here We're gonna change any of this you're living in La La Land baby. It's just like the Arabs and the Jews They can sign all the guy damn peace treaties they want from now until Go to my ear makes to come back with David Ben Gurion on her shoulder until that happened It's still I can make any difference Because there are elements there that are so so filled with hatred I mean if it's lasted 5,000 years there's nothing to make me assume it's gonna go away tomorrow We got this gigantic chip problem in America. It's a big chip on a collective shoulders And there's a frightening percentage of black Americans out there and I'm the second tear of this African American and all these different You can keep calling yourselves anything you want you can let the media keep changing labels on you But I'm gonna tell you something baby that doesn't set you free that doesn't give you a goddamn thing And you can read all about Alex Haley see my ancestors. They came from a Poland and they came from Russia And I couldn't give a crap about any of that. I don't care about Polish history. I don't care about Russian history I don't care about Jewish history. I don't care about any of it all I know is I'm here now. I got a brain and I'm gonna do the best I can And I don't need to know any goddamn thing about my ancestors They have self respect or desire to live like a human being. I don't need any of that crap And I don't have to name myself yet stock or Bruce in order to feel that I'm making some kind of a goddamn statement So I can separate myself from everybody else and drive that wedge even deeper And that's what happened in America yesterday Even Ronald Reagan and George Bush couldn't set race relations back any further and any deeper or any worse than happened yesterday So all you people who rejoiced and were cheering and caring on like you just your team I just want to superbowl what in God's name are you thinking about what did you accomplish? OJ Simpson got off. Is he gonna come to your house and hand you check for a million dollars? Is he gonna improve your life? And this guy that called Rick before that can't understand When we're saying that OJ Simpson isn't your typical black man in America Is that difficult to understand? He's not your typical human being in America because he's a multi-millionaire He's a famous guy damn celebrity admired and loved by all But he's been turned into a symbol See if you want to respect somebody respect Julian Bond or Barbara Jordan or somebody's got a brain Somebody who's really accomplished something in their lives besides being a goddamn jok Besides carrying a stupid goddamn football Somebody who's a credit to the goddamn society somebody who doesn't beat up their wives That's who you ought to respect Don't respect Louis Ferrican who's a goddamn demagog who's no different from a dollar who's if if given a opportunity If he were in power he'd be doing the same goddamn thing the ovens would be burning right now and I'd be in waterman so would a lot of you On Nazi of the worst kind and that's the man you respect that's the man who's invited to speak on college campuses in America Louis Ferrican He's Hitler with a slightly darker complexion and no mustache I realize it's not easy to find people you can admire or leaders I said this yesterday who the hell can white people admire what kind of leaders have we got Bob Packwood Baba Ross Peroa the big ears who the hell are we got But just because you're desperate and downtrodden and struggling like crazy to make a go of life Don't start looking for the denogogues because that's what they didn't Nazi Germany When Johnny Cochring opens up a big mouth about the Nazis in Yadiya Yeah, okay, so Mark Ferman is a symptom of the illness of hate that we got in this country, okay, and we got a lot of them like that A lot of cops just like him and worse That's nothing new Jury nullification never heard that expression before in my life I'm 52 years old I never ever heard that expression in my life And that's exactly what they did And that's why Bob Shapiro got up and walked out before the end of one of Johnny a Cochring's closing arguments that one day Because it nauseated him even as much of a grave robber as he is because let's face it he's taken him on it all the way to the bank Like he said yesterday he wasn't just playing the race card He was dealing from the bottom of the deck he said you got a statement to make here I wish we had that segment of his closing argument to play again when he went through that sermon on him out In other words, what he's saying is forget about what you just saw here the last eight months forget about the evidence forget about the goddamn blood evidence Forget about the fact this man lives through his teeth has gotten a whale about forget about the broncho chase which I know you all heard about Here's a brother we've been oppressed and here's a guy damn brother even though he's turned his back on most of you folks He knew even though he's married it was very to a white woman then decided to murder and even though he like has this taste for white chicks blondes Well use him as a symbol and here's your chance to say the just system sucks We've been getting the short enough of the stick for two goddamn long now we're gonna strike back now or even we change two white lives for this Super hero and he said yeah, that sounds like a good idea And so we had jury nullification Which means what they did was waste everybody's time ten million dollars of the taxpayer money in California by the way ten million dollars People are starving in the goddamn streets of America and right there ten million dollars They might as well have flushed it down the toilet for all the good it did Oh, it entertained a lot of people gave a lot of you people with no lives a hell of a lot of entertainment Giving excuse to get out of the sack and morning so you could turn on a TV and Ultimately a drove a wedge right down to the heart of this goddamn country. It'll be another 50 to 100 years before we even start taking one or two steps back I'm nauseated. I'm revolted. I'm disgusted Sitting there and watching that crap on TV and watching people jumping up and down and cheering for a goddamn murderer. What the hell is that all about? How many white people were jumping up and down and cheering when a goddamn cops got exonerated in the Rodney King case? How many white people were jumping into cheering jumping up and down when a goddamn cops got exonerated in the killing arethmic duffy? But we're bad guys see we're all racist we're all evil we're all honkeys don't ever forget that So separate but equal, okay? Is that what it is? Is that the name of the game separate but equal? We'll take west of the Mississippi you can have east of the Mississippi how's that? And we'll divvy up all the money I could go on for the whole four hour. I could go on for a hundred hours now. I could just sit here But I'm not going to do it. I just want to say one more thing and I've always told you this and this is the way I live my life I deal with people as individuals. I don't care if they're white, if they're black, if they're straight, if they're gay, if they're Chinese, if they're Japanese I don't give it if they're Jewish, if they're Christian, if they're atheists, it doesn't have anything to do with anything People are people that's about the only thing my mother ever told me in my life that made any sense at all And that's over a long period of time. You know sooner or later you come up with something that makes sense people are people There's good white people, there's trash white people. There's good black people. There's garbage black people. There's good gay people. There's garbage whatever group you want man You'll find good and bad. You'll find the stereotypes you'll find anything you want anything you're looking for So don't give me this crap about being a racist, but I am going to say this, you know after what I saw yesterday including the display in this building Today I'm not feeling real real good about black people And I know I shouldn't feel that way because there are even in the polls consistently have been about a quarter of the blacks that have been pulled Who said hey he's guilty as hell man, fry his ass Of course there's also been a segment of those people who have never liked OJ in the first place because he married a white chick So as you keep examining this and look under the surface we got some problems there But today I'm real unhappy and tomorrow I'll probably feel a little bit less psychotic about it and start looking more rationally at the whole thing But after watching this play that I saw yesterday and a cheering and the carrying on for what? For a guy if nothing else who is a wife beater both wives by the way the first one to say she had to change your heart just like Bobby Cox's wife because it's not good for business Chris Darden said it fast when he went through that thing and a closing arguments about you know you see you see the public face we put on here in court every day You don't know us you don't know what we're like in our homes. You don't know what we're like in private You don't know for beating our kids or our wives or our dog or anything else you have no idea you think you know you don't know crap. That's what he said and he's exactly right Here's my amy hello Hey Neil yes, sir. I got three things to say all right first I have to thank you. I've done the doctor atkins for four weeks now. Yep down 23 pounds. Great and Also, you know how your company what everyone call the UID doesn't promote you. Yeah, I'm getting a free advertisement for free because on seven second Avenue and 36 feet They're started stripping down an old billboard and guess what add is like under three layers. All right And it says six ten new doesn't say the S says new Only seven years old. Yeah, probably we don't want over do it also All these black people okay, whatever they want to say the case is true, but aren't all women sisters? How come the black women aren't saying a sister died and a sister was beaten? They never looked at that but no O. J. is free O. J. is a brother for what happened to a white lady who is actually a sister They don't say anything that's the thing that I understand yeah and it just gets so mean if you Not our doctor don't don't start complicated anything this by bringing the victims and see nobody cares about victims. I just didn't write on any crime Okay, he didn't kill. Oh, killed a O. J. sons is not going to hire detective not to go find out. Oh, yeah, he's going to spend the big bucks now. That's what he said. Let's Any thanks to good PR thing that is sunbread there yesterday the tears were just rolling down my cheeks He's not going to do shot and everybody knows it. Yeah, all he wants to do is forget it because all he's got to do is look into mirror And he'll see the killer Yeah, and O. J. is a coward. I bet you when he's on his death set and he calls in a priest and he's going to admit that he killed her and then he beat her Worst on what they do well Rosie Greer knows the answer right now guarantee of that film. Exactly. Great day. Keep up the good work Take it easy Neil open line in date 75 one. We got one on a green line out there. That's pretty amazing. 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 here's Miami. Hello in credible. Neil. That's how I can say I'm here. How big a gender to give to you and you just you wiped it all out. I'm just I'm perplexed by all this stuff. You said so true and I'm just unhoved You know, if you want to keep yourself locked in some kind of a racial or ethnic closet if you want to like categorize yourself all your life If that's all you want to be is a professional ethnic then that's all you're ever going to be you have to sooner or later your mind has to transcend that you have to go beyond that I mean you're just being angry all your life isn't going to change anything You want to roll but you could have definitely done your four hours Listen, I could go on for the rest of the day because I know what I'm saying makes sense. I've been around a long time man And I'm sick and tired of people lining and crying on my goddamn shoulder at the same time Some of their own people are destroying the neighborhoods that I live in and destroying the neighborhood that they have to live in A lot of these people can't even walk outside at night for crying out loud They live in areas in this city right here forget about Los Angeles. They live in parts of this city right here They can't walk the streets because of the drug pedaling and a crap and the criminals and the thugs that are taking over their goddamn communities And they're sitting there talking about OJ Simpson is if that's going to change their lives You know what I mean? One of these people going to wake up and stuff the guy damn flowers They have to be sitting down there to be running down and marching on city hall right now saying you better get your cops in here And give us some goddamn protection to get these goons off the streets and make it safe to live Who the hell would want to live like that? The other countries are just they're looking at us and just they think we're crazier than hell man I tell you that from personal experience they think we're crazier and hell And they may want where the genes and all the other designer clothing and listen to the music But that's as much of America as they want maybe a little taste of McDonald's and that's it And this is totally screwed up and last time I heard this you know the name of the country I think a new name should be a half proposed a divided state of America because there is nothing united in this place Okay, pal. Have a great day. But yep like I said sit there 30 years ago I look across to those bleachers all of black kids on one side all of white kids on the other side Nobody ever told them to do that there was no sign there was no I mean this is the who is in the mid sixties Same when I went to high school. Albee and Michigan They divided by themselves willingly and freely and evidently were having a good time But if somebody would have stood there and said, I caught all you black kids you got to sit over here on this side as if it would have made a difference So like I said don't put the bat blacks on the back of the bus because that's wrong Obviously and I agree with that that's wrong. Don't put anybody on the back of the bus unless they're last in line But put black people on one side of the bus and all the white people will sell on the other side Is that is everybody going to be happy then is that what we want our vision of America? And they talk about I have to laugh this thing about Miami being a world class city. There are no world class cities in America There are no world class cities here. There's no such thing Even when I go up to Toronto, which quite frankly how far is Toronto from Buffalo? 150 miles 100 miles? It's like going to Europe and there are blacks and there's orientals and there's all different kinds of people And there's lots of gay people up there and there's lots of all kinds of kind of person you could imagine And they're walking around in the streets and nobody gives a crap. Nobody gives a fly and crap and they're supposed to be real up tight a But not in America man everybody's busy judging everybody else everybody's got a goddamn attitude They got a chip on her shoulder everybody's whining and crying there being oppressed. There are being put upon But human life man forget about that because that's not worth anything here. It's worth something in most of the civilized places in the world But not in the guy named USA. That's what people ought to be talking about. Now, whether it was a play their goddamn race card Now whether black people think they want a super bowl yesterday, not whether now we're even for Rodney King and Arthur McDuffer or whatever And how we're pissed off about we ought to be talking about the value of human life And stop this goddamn charade we're putting on like a goddamn justice system. There's no justice There's just a bunch of greedy bastard lawyers and assholes like Flee Bailey was nothing but a guy named Ika this to called Papa's fat ass That's all he is We didn't come here for justice. We came here to get a good acquittal for our client nice job guys congratulations Yes, Lancet, I'll make a very bad decision way back in the beginning during jury selection, which I think doomed us case Aside from the Gilgar city decision to go downtown, you know because he felt it was better security than out in Brentwood He don't let the lawyers interview the jurors one on one and by doing that, you know, Cocran was made sure that the jurors are pre-disposed to his rhetoric You bet and you know and maybe he put them in a slumber, you know the whole 15 months had walked them up during his closing argument Yeah, I mean that's what seems to happen. You know the first jury nullification you ever hear that today Well, I've heard of it recently, but I've never heard of it before the stroke You know the first vote was 10 to 2, I don't know if you're aware of that No, when they took the first stroke of it, I would really interested to speak to the seat of what those two jurors What made them change their mind towards the end there and make it a 12 to 0 vote The one saving grace that we have, you know, there is and it's not much, but you know there is a civil suit You know, the golden family, yeah, and the, you know in the criminal case, they had approved beyond the reasonable debt Right in the civil suit, you only have to prove a proponents of evidence, right So I think, and you know, if he takes the stand, he cannot take the fifth amendment and he must be Right, he has to testify right in a civil fight, right You know, Shapiro last night, you know, they discussed the salaries, you know, that these guys got during the trial And Shapiro was the first one hired by O.J. and his agreement was 100,000 a month For whatever was 16 months, I guess it is, Shapiro hired Cochrane His salary is only 500,000 dollars for the stroke F. Lee Bally, and I have a very interesting story about F. Lee Bally, as a, in fact, a woman that you and I both know He is a closet racist, if he hasn't come out and said it, but give him a few drinks under his belt And his true feelings really come out, F. Lee Bally only got paid expenses for the stroke And we know that, yeah, and Barry's check, I think a 50, 50 grand, I think was the, you know, his salary You know, and he seems to have done the most work So it was just a Travis to guess today, and you know, everyone's depressed, but you know, life's got to go on and You know, there's nothing much we can do at this point Yeah, well, Shapiro is very indignant today, but I guess the 1.6 million will make up for a lot of it I tell you, you said he was at that party, did he leave before sundown, was it? Good question. I think he was eating trifed to there Okay, Rich, catch a late, see you Friday, yeah Fat Rich, Mr. Pompano Park there with a, what time is he show starting? From the time they found the bodies, to the words, O.J. has been dying to hear Dubbed as Tridio News team in South Florida, brought you the trial of this century The surgery and in both in time to last and find a defendant or job, or in thought, James Simpson, Not guilty of the crime of murder, Dubbed as News, News, talking entertainment radio, 610 W.I.O.D. Oh, you've seen little Richard, I'm sorry, 1055 at W.I.O.D. He's not eating anywhere, he's what? Self-hating. Oh, yeah. It was rock and roll and drugs that led him to it Anyway, I have some really interesting couple of facts is here, which I wouldn't even waste Your time with one saying that I'm really clueless and it's obvious it was a drug hit and police This and that and the idea right. So let me ask you again, who was it that was running into the house who turned on the lights? Was he sleeping? Was he playing golf ball? Was he chip and golf balls? Was he Tiff and Ron Goldman's balls? What was he doing during that period of time? And what were those stumps on the wall? These are very simple questions. I realize they don't have to prove His innocence, but it's something that, you know, if a guy, if you don't have an alibi, you go to lie. You know what I'm saying? Here's another rhyme. Here's another cliché. If you do a quick, you're full of, so here's a Hollywood. Hello. Couple questions. Yes. Okay. You're going to be at the plug-ups when you see this juror have her news conference Trying to explain why they did what they did. Well, no, I'm not going to be at the plug-ups. You wanted to know why because I know that they're going to lie through their teeth anyway. And I mean, there's not one of those people's going to come on and say, Well, yeah, we made up our minds ahead of time or Johnny told us to play the race card so we decided that's a good idea. Let's say, they're not going to tell you whatever they figure is, you know, palatable for public consumption and helping sell a book. Yeah, because the thing is, holds in the prosecution. How can you argue with hard DNA evidence? I don't care if it's printed. You can't. That's right. You can't. You can't make a false positive period. And especially all of the false positives and how did Ron Goldman's plug-in in the Bronco? I mean, it's like the Keystone cops. You can just see all these people running around with little eyedroppers. And of course, very carefully marked, oh, here's OJ's blood that we got out of that vial. Here's Ron Goldman's blood that we picked up at the crime scene. Where they got all these little eyedroppers and these little bottles dropping blood and smearing it all over the place. It's comical. Where were they going to get hit? OJ's blood from. Oh, they took OJ. They, uh, when he went in, when he came back from Chicago, they took his blood. You've been found what real close pal. We have an open line and a Broward 5249463. Let's do a Fort Lauderdale. Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Uh, kind of call, of course. A couple things that I've wanted to make my little statement here. Why first heard of this thing, the whole thing? Yeah. You know, I thought there's no way he would have killed his wife. And then, the fact, I mean, you don't want it to happen. And as the facts come out and you learn the facts, you have to take them for what they're worth. And something caulking said yesterday and one of the things I don't think anyone was brought up is that sometimes in a case like this, you have to look past the facts. And I was appalled to that. Yeah. It's sitting there and spewing. Well, that was his message to the jury. In a news conference, though, he said, you, we have to look past the facts. Yeah. Why? What, what, what's the sense of, of a law? Because that's what he was getting paid big bucks for was to get his man off. It's just, it's a game. It's, it's so frustrating. You saw him. I wasn't salted when I listened to him give his clothing arguments. But if someone was standing in front of me and talking like that to me, I would be totally disgraced at hearing it. He was talking down to the, he is at a disgrace. Yeah, pretty much. He was talking down to the people. And it just, you could, you could tell the mentality of the jury. And it is, you know, it's keep, keep one thing in mind. Johnny Cochran beat his ex-wife. Okay? Yeah. Johnny Cochran's got real problems of his own. You could tell the, so what credibility is he got? Yeah. You could tell the mentality that you're by the way. He was addressing them. And, and, I mean, I had, I had, when people were asking you all along, do you think he's going to guilty? We, I guilty. But do you think you got off? I said yes. But I was hoping that that somehow there would be justice. There was, there was never a chance of a conviction with this jury. There was never an Iyota of a chance ever. No matter what the testimony was. Yeah. And it's a sad, sad state of the, of the, of the country saying I, I mean, here's that whole time frame he can't account for one minute of where he was. They bring in the guy, Dam Allen, parks testimony again. The limo driver, see if I heard that testimony again. I'd say, hey, there, this is open and shut. I mean, the Bronco wasn't there. This man's got no alibi. He's lied about it. And, you know, he had all the opportunity. He had the motive. We got the blood. We got enough evidence to put this man away for ten lifetimes. But in the meantime, instead of coming to that conclusion, instead of asking the question that should have been asked, they're just listening to all this emotional religious rhetoric. It's just God and Moses and Jesus and Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Junior, you name him and he had him in there. When they brought that out for the, when they, I mean, that's what it would be anticipated. Was that that's why they were doing it because it, it just, isolate. And a question for you. Have you ever been in a fist fight? You've ever won? Been in a fist fight? No. Are you seen a fist fight? Yeah. How long do they last? A couple of minutes. Maybe, I mean, a good one. There's a couple of minutes. Yeah. They're a good hockey fight. I mean, you see, guys, two guys, well, each other for ten minutes. Yeah, well, you may be a minute. Yeah. So now you, you figure one guy who's, who's, a much, much bigger than then Goldman was. And he's got a nice. Yeah. Last thing, just, or two more things. Pregidism, the people who are prejudice, shame on them, they're missing out on meeting half the people in the world or other prejudice against. You know, that's just, you're not an asshole until you're proving asshole. I'm not a care what color you are. Okay. Lead red blood. And then maybe a jury of Simpson's peers. How about like Bobby Cox, Mark Fitzpatrick, Andre Wright. Bikes in Warren Moon. Okay. We're, work that up for next time. News to keep you in for. Talk to make you a laugh, your answer. Brian Lee. Brian W. I. O. D. Miami Fort Lauderdale. News, talk, and entertainment radio. 16 W. I. O. D. Does the juice get loose or does he mate Bruce? His new roommate for life is on like a moose. Ah. Well, I'm a town for centre-level. Who likes to pull around? We're pretty good, sir. Well, you know I'd chase him down. I'm good, son of a pension. Customy, it's just a game. I've got a middle-fogum, man. They're giving me a name. They call me the founder. Here, the founder. I feel around around around around. And I feel around around around. Well, in a system Almighty material my right. my dog. my husband to search for dinosaur. but my house You tell that I've been driving on the night, and when she asked me the secret of my success. We're dating up near study everyone yes, cos I'm the founder. Yeah, the founder. I walk around around around around around around. Ah, my guy. All over the town. I gotta watch the night I don't care And I'm a track to go and I go Just do me two sips away And I'm a hand you're under well When I'm the top of the center Who likes to write it down Gotta see crit hiding place When my diary won't be found And when I get the urge And if I find a will and girl I'm a Friday to the sack I'll kill and give that girl It's world cuz I'm the follower You're the fonder I go for round around around around With you Hey, I got that out Oh, oh, oh, oh You're up there Oh, oh, oh Get your hand off me Oh, oh, oh What a pervert Cuz I'm the fonder You're the fonder Down around around around around around around around He was set up man depressing Hold the 17元 Do we know where publicins aren't horny? There's no way Bob Pak would Could already have an open line at Broward If you hop out on a real fast We're just sitting here and getting all your input list into all your BS 5-2-4-9-463-5-2-4 WIE-O-D And that THEE вместе Man, he's a real good one to talk How do you like that getting say he's one of the best lawyers that Money can Buy Is something crap like that, right? Yeah, he's a good actually man I'd tell you what, they give him 20 years. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I knew this country was divided somewhat with race, but I had no idea until after that verdict yesterday. Yes, I was happy with a refresher course for all of America. I had no idea how bad it was. I thought maybe some of those people there were interviewing were people off the street and stuff like that. But when I saw like university Miami law of student and stuff like that, acting low, way they were. I said, these people, these are young people that somewhat have some kind of brain on their shoulders. What they're doing and they're acting like that. Can you imagine being a defendant or somewhat in the future with somebody like that representing you? No, I can't. That's absolutely not. That's why the jury system's got to go. It has to go. That's unbelievable. And just on a lighter note, I would take all the money you have and bet I'll meet the experts in this week's on Sentinel football pool. That at all. I hear nothing. I see nothing. I know nothing. Okay, you might have to do it from Boise Pal. Hang on. Hang on, yeah. They have all of last week's games. There you are today. Okay, even I can add lead. Hang on. Put that guy right just in for that tragic trip and get that over with. Okay, it's 11.09 at WIOD. Let's go to where we going to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Would you have any release this first thing with soon as they announced in not guilty? Yeah. Yeah, because like this it goes. It was a crime. The passion. You took me by the heart when you took me by the hand. Crime for passion. First I killed a woman and I killed a human man. Yeah. Well, that was a good start. I thought we had like three and a half deaths there. People working on a pal in a song too. Here's the E-Haw Junction. Hello. Oh, hello. Oh, my God. Hey, second. Open line of dates. Oh, my one. Yes. Okay. Well, I'll tell you. I live up in Bill Glade. Yeah. And Geha Junction right now. Yeah. I got up yesterday morning thinking I felt pretty good about it because I thought pretty good about what? Oh, I just had a feeling that the jurors were going to do the right thing. And I don't know. It's like I everything that's happened in the last 24 hours has been like flip-plops because I feel like the race relations have gone backwards 20 years. Yeah, at least. And they should have gone forward 20 years. If those people had it done the right thing. Well, what do you mean by that? They should have gone forward. I don't see where race relations should have been involved in this trial. This wasn't a trial about race relations in America or about the justice based on race. It was a trial based on how much money you got and what kind of a defense can you afford to buy with your black white or purple. That's what it was all about. It had nothing to do with race. Well, that's true. But I would hope that those people that were on the jury. So yesterday we found out that the reason that even before all the stuff about the ferment tapes, why these polls pretty consistently since way back early in the year have been divided along racial lines about three quarters of the white study did it and about three quarters of the black city did not do it. And it's been that way very consistently, very little change all the way through regardless of the evidence. That's true. Well, you know, I just couldn't help but think that if they did just go because most of the people on that jury knew he's a murderer, I mean, you got to be pretty stupid to think that there's any chance he didn't do it. But you know, I was feeling really good. I thought, well, these are intelligent. If not wonderfully intelligent people, but at least they got enough sense to know what's right and what's wrong. They had to do was just tell the truth and just. Yeah, but they didn't do it. No, and it's really, they were looking for beyond the shadow of it out as opposed to reasonable doubt. And I think, you know, Cochrane talked a bit about, okay? I mean, anybody can find in any case. There's almost never unless there are a whole bunch of witnesses and it's ironclad and somebody's caught in the act of the crime. Other than that, there's always certain doubts that you can raise somewhere, but reasonable doubt that's another story, not shadow of a doubt. Yes, both that's the way that you digital system works in this kind of way. Let's get rid of it, man. Get out of the argument because it ain't working. Have a great day, pal. Open line on the green line, 1-800-9-4-4. By the way, on a lighter note, let's see if we still got tickets for the Calgary Panther game on Sunday. Opening game Sunday night at the arena. Also speaking, hockey, big three-way trade, which you probably didn't hear about, because your O.J. intensive window clerk goes from the Nordique, which is now the avalanche goes to the Islanders. Steve Thomas goes from the Islanders to New Jersey, the Devils, and Claude Lemieux goes to the avalanche. Got it? 16, W-I-O-D, C-69 down. Thank you, O.J. Okay, 11-15 at W-I-D, and let's go to a color-red. Shall I? Yes, sir. You and a lot of other people have got everything that's so wrong about O.J. and the way black people feel about the situation. Yeah, we'll straighten this out. Well, first of all, black people is not so much that he's, first of all, I don't think he's guilty. He talks about the reason black people are happy because he got off of doing something wrong. First of all, I don't think he killed him, and I don't think black people think that either. The evidence doesn't show that. So in other words, if you show the same exact evidence to black people and white people, you'll get a totally opposite reaction, just based not because he's black, but just based, and the fact that the interpret the evidence differently is that what you say. First of all, the evidence, we talk about, is the supposedly planet evidence, which is the blood spot. Who said that? What this is evidence only happened to you. They said that. They don't have any other evidence. There's no murder weapon. No, they don't have the, they don't have the, they don't have the fibers, they don't have the fibers in the abranco. They don't have the fact that he lied about his alibi that he wasn't there at home that he had the window of opportunity, he had the motive, he beat the crap out of her, that she kept telling people that he was going to kill her. All of this, they just manufactured. Mark Furman made all of that out. Right. No, when the property, you look at it. First of all, you only had to pull the five or six minutes to get to the house, shave, shower, 15 minutes. 15 minutes. It's a period of down to five or six. You're pulling out of Johnny Cochran. It's 15 minutes. Well, if he had Friswar, if he had killed them, he had bloody clothes on it. Once you got to the brink, they should have been a whole lot more blood than that. How do you know that? Unless he took the shirt off on everything that had the wool shirt off and then she went it. Whatever happened to that black bag that he was carrying. Whatever happened to the black bag. Whatever happened to the black bag. Okay, the park's a black figure, I'm a figure of a man wearing dark clothing. Yeah. In turn that house. So apparently he still had on dark clothing. So you can see how do we know how do we know he didn't have a sweater on over the dark shirt? He was wearing it. Well, he had to do all that wild driving and then dispose of it somewhere. Yeah, in a black bag. Well, in a black bag. And Robert Cardassium, what was in a black bag? You won't see that no more. But this was, this was all a circle of... Who was that right in the front? Who was that? No, no. We're not talking to the circumstances. Let's talk about an eyewitness. Okay, the limo driver. The Bronco wasn't there. So we lied about that. One minute he was sleeping. He was taking that. The next minute, they changed the alibi. He was out there, chipping golf balls on the front lawn. Who was the man that walked across the lawn and went into the middle of the road? The house turned the lights on. Yeah, when you like it, all this is safe from the sand. No, I'm asking you a question. Stop trying to slough it off. Who was the person that ran in the house and turned on the lights? For them, they turned their words on man. This would park seat. No, no, no, no, no. So in other words, he kept buzzing. The, who's the guy was just trying to do his job? He wanted it all or he was white. He wanted to pick up, oh, Jay, and take him to the airport because that was his job. He was driving a limo. He kept buzzing, buzzing, buzzing. No answer. Nobody home. The guy runs across the lawn. He goes in the house to lights all go on in the house. So he assumes, well, I may be OJ, I better go because we're getting real late. He buses and within a moment or two after he buses, there's OJ on a phone. Where do you come from? The old East End just leaves it after the confusion. Why don't you answer my question? Why don't you explain that to me? Why don't you explain how it is that all of a sudden he answered the buzz after the guy walked into the house and lights went on? This is all the more reason why he shouldn't sound that guilty because all this confusion. No, no, you're not asking. You can fuse the masking to something specific. I mean, who was the person that ran across that lawn into the house and turned on the lights? F or OJ is loy this time. Are you hearing? Are you hearing? I don't know. Are you having hearing or what? Are your ears not working? I hear what you said. Why don't you be funded? OJ claims to be. What was that dumping? What was that dumping? A 1045 on a wall outside O outside a kiddo's room. What was it? Who was out there? I have no idea. But this one said all this leads to the confusion. And this is all. So it's working. We need you to say it's a bunch of confusion. Why don't you be honest with us? Okay. Why don't you say, okay, now we got one for our side. Why don't you just be honest and sub bull crap? No one said one said that he had a bit of a problem. Don't tell me you should go. Don't show you. Don't tell him. Don't tell me that he showed one million people. The same evidence in 10 million white people, three quarters of them think that he's gully and 10 million black people, three quarters of them think that he's innocent. It's got nothing to do with race. There's a lot of white people also thinks he's innocent. Yeah. I've seen a lot of white people yesterday saying claiming that he's not about 25% about 25% about 25%. But this is about 25% and there's about 25% of black people thinking he did it. There was more reason without him. Why didn't you bring that up? Why didn't you bring that up? Why didn't you bring that up? But the thing is reason without and there was more reason without than anything else. Therefore, we should have been found not good with that. I think it was just verdict. Yeah. I want to, I want to, I want to, I want to the jurist said that they thought he was guilty, but that the prosecution did allow the case of presenting the evidence. All the more reason why he should have been found not good. There you go. Even if they thought he was guilty and even though they knew he did the crime, so they a prosecution didn't do a perfect job. Therefore, let's use that as an excuse for letting them off. Only in America. Okay. Good luck to you, pal. Only in America. How do you like that? Confusion. Confusion and confusion. 80% in a poll on CNN yesterday watched the verdict. 19% said no. This is everybody black white purple Chinese. Uh-huh. Where's the rest of it? Because the rest of it was a pretty substantial majority said they didn't agree with the verdict in the audience. Although they keep changing, because they keep asking different people. Oh, this guy, he was beautiful. Okay. A lot of confusion. That's why we decided that he didn't do it. Has nothing to do with race. Nothing to do with race. That's why if you watched all that stuff yesterday, all the black people were jumping down and cheering, see, I don't understand. What is there to cheer about? What is there to cheer about? Can you explain that to me? Then we'll all know. 26 to WOD as promised, OJ Simpson for the first time in months. I guess since the brief statement that he made in the courtroom the other day, when a judge joined in the, you know, in a moment of weakness last Friday, let him get up and speak, is making a public statement for the first time from his home in Brentwood. So let's go to AP radio and pick it up. Oh, man. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You're not saying. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't water. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.はい. I got water. I don't? I don't know. I got water. I don't know. I'm just looking out for water. I wish I would do a magical part of things to be done. I said this before, like you asked a question, what's all the cheering about? Even if you want to give people the benefit of the doubt, give it a good benefit. He did not kill. You still beat his wife. I'm not going to worship a man like that. Right, that was my point. That's some thing, Black-and-white people, during him along. You know, this man is no one to look up to. Right. Great football player in his time, but he's no great man now. Yeah. Another thing. But you're confusing people with the facts. They don't want to hear that. You know, and it's not only Black people, all Americans, you know, and again, I'm generalizing, maybe 90% of the Americans, they set up these images. They make people into idols bigger than life because most of them feel that they have no life for their own, which is very, very sad, by the way. And so they create this vicarious existence through this hero worship. And they set people up on pedestals and they create this image that somehow that when they sit on the crapper that there's gold in the bottom of the toilet after a couple of people, they don't say in their gold bars in there. And they don't understand that the same as Twitter is sitting there. So if somebody turns out to have all these pimples and wards and is not such a great person, they don't want to hear from it. They block it out. And one more comment in a quick question. Yeah. The comment is, anyone is taking a basic psychology class or just if you've ever been accused of doing something that you never did, you're, yeah. What happened? Her phone just died? Okay, maybe she'll call me back because I thought it was going to be something interesting but her phone died like in mid-sense. I think it's a common, a comedy plot. Okay, pound I would do that purple lines of maybe she'll call back. Here's your field, the beach. Hello. Your field beach. Long gone. Okay, like I said, here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes. How you doing today? Okay. Hey, I've been listening to the comparisons between Rodney King and O.J. And I'd like to say that most people don't realize that the jury found those people innocent, the police innocent in the Rodney King case because they were supposed to find them. The guilty of attempted murder. And even though we've all seen the videos, I don't think anybody believes they actually tried to kill them. Oh, well, you know, it's a matter of degree. Every one of those cops should have gone up for 20 years minimum. Yeah, but I think they would have gone up, but I think the charges would have gone up. But nevertheless, I mean, it's apples and oranges. Rodney King has a scumbag. He's been arrested 80 billion times. He's one of the lowest life forms on a face of the earth. And you know, and he wasn't murdered. He's still alive. Well, I agree with you. I think we got two white people murdered and the fact that their white is not relevant, but two young people murdered. And now it's like we're making a trade off. Okay, well, you got Rodney King. We'll get these two. Well, what does that mean? It guys still alive. Well, it's like the last call that you had said, the guy from Cutler Rich, he said, I'm confused. And we really meant to say, don't confuse me with the facts. Right. Well, yeah, big, well, don't you have to understand that's a good smoke screen. You know, Chris Darden kept talking about blowing a lot of smoke. And so every time you try to, you know, put somebody's feet to the fire and say, okay, here's a very specific question. I want you to answer it since you're so convinced that he didn't do it. Answer this question. Well, I'm confused. You know, there's a lot of confusing stuff. Well, I think we need to change the jury system like you're saying, get some people on there with some education. And you know, something, if we had people on there with education, if we had professional jurors, there would have been no race card, there would have been none of this bull crap. And we would have had the right verdict. We aren't thinking they don't have an IQ test. Anybody who's 50 or below can't be on a jury. Okay, pal. All right, pal. Yeah. We have an open line of day, 7519463751 WIO day. I wonder how Barry Sheck and Bob Shapiro are feeling on a young kipper today, huh? Wonder how Lewis Ferrican feels about those two Jewish attorneys that help get O.J. off. Here's Pemberpine, tell us. Yes, Neil. I really appreciate your candor. I'm a long time listener. The first time caller, the jury system must be reformed. He was not tried by a jury of his peers. That's for damage. His peers are millionaires and professional people. Right. And had they been on there? They would have been able to see through the smoke and arrive at an intelligent verdict. But as long as people can be excused because either will not or could not put their life on hold for six months, you're going to have this kind of result. My solution is you're excused from the jury only in the case of extreme medical necessity. Everybody else has to serve. But what difference with that made? I don't understand what difference that would make. Well, professional people get excused. They go down there and give a hard luck story about how it's going to affect the... I'm sorry. I just don't believe that. I think that you have to have professional jurors because even people you're calling professional people, they're still swayed by the bullcraft. They're still very, you know, they're very, pliable in terms of putting on an act in front of them and manipulating the evidence. Professional jurors are specifically trained in adjust looking at the facts for what they are and seeing through all the bullcraft. That's got to happen. Well, I think it happened in our lifetime, but someday it's got to happen. And all these people running around about, oh, it's the cornerstone of the American hood. Freedom is in our crowd, the justice system sucks. It always has, and until they make that change, it always will. Well, with the jury, Johnny Conqueram, had he could convince them that DNA was a cheap and read it in barbecue sauce. Well, he convinced them that it flew around. That's for sure. They asked that one witness to DNA flying. I think these people would say, maybe it does. Maybe DNA's got wings. Well, I feel real bad, but the outcome was predictable. Yep. You saw the constituents see of the jury. Right. So why don't get upset about it? We've had six or seven months to... No, I'm not a real... But I'm not upset so much with the verdict. You know, I mean, I am in one sense, but I expected all along. I'm upset with the reaction of black America to it as though this is somehow some kind of a victory. And in somebody made that comment last night on Harald O'Show, there were no winners in this. There are everybody's allusers, including the country. There were no winners. I agree 100%. I really do, and keep up the good work. OK, thanks a lot. Open line of Broward 5249463524WIOD. We won a Super Bowl, all right. I still say that when he came out of the courtroom, he should have said, I'm going to Disneyland. Michael Eisner, your blue-up baby, here was a chance of a lifetime. Put that damn Steve Young to shame. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know what's funny? The only thing that that would happen yesterday proves is that the legal system is all screwed up. And that there's a lot of people that are very naive that say how can racial, how can racial overtones play into it? It's built into our society throughout and everything we do. And you know what the saddest part of the whole deal is? All these experts, just like this Gloria All-Red, that they got on here on CNN for the 80th time today, another opportunist. Almost all of these people that they have on the so-called experts, you know what they are? They're all lawyers. So if you think that any of them are getting on here and say, oh, yeah, we have to reform and adjust this system, and it doesn't work, they're not going to say that because most of them are making their money by exploiting what it is now. Everyone is, you know, I listened to Rick this morning. And he's at a very naive or he has nothing to put better on here. He was just tanning like such a naive. Why he voted for Pat Buchanan? That hasn't been to with it. Yeah, sure it does. No, well, is he an idiot then? Yes. OK. But he would admit it. Well, that's true, but I mean, it still says very little for, you know. Well, I mean, what specifically, I mean, I was driving it, and I was getting psychotic to it, some of the responses. But I think he was sitting back trying to say, I'd like people to talk, which in his case, probably a good idea. Most definitely, number two, the thing that this verdict proves, is a no matter what color you are, as long as you have money, you can do one of the thing you want to do. Right, right. That's the only thing that brought him on. That's all that proves it's got nothing to do with whether he was black or even white. He had a button on sharp ass attorneys in there. I mean, that's it. Look, mother scratching attorneys who play who saw what they were able to put on a jury. They played them like a goddamn violin. And they got exactly what they wanted. And they kissed him on a chicken and said, OK, good boy. Go home and do a nice job. If the guy had been a truck driver who had a public defendant, he would be right. You would be hearing the sizzle of that goddamn chair right now. Correct. And anyone who thinks that the decision was racial or this and that, and it's surprised by it, is a naive idiot. OK. I mean, we built it in the job. Talk about Rick like that. I'm just, I just surprised. How a lot of me. Why? Because, you know, I thought he was a little smarter than that. Well, we're going to show you learn something every day. You know, just, I mean, we've built this racial overtones and everything. We do in this country from 100 to 20 years ago. And we have to learn to live with it. Yeah, I think that's the first thing I heard when I got into Carthas Morris Rick saying, I thought, you know, it was 1995. I thought we'd gotten beyond this. And I thought it was a little bit of a crazy thing. What the hell is he talking about? And he said, have to both say, oh, this hurt me when I went to bed. I took it to bed with me. Let's, you know, take a bolt to bed. Take your wife to bed, Rick. And just don't worry about important matters. I don't forget he lives in Parkland. Do the wheel and meet it's much more fun. That one. OK, pal. Do the meat. OK, we have an open line of bread. Rick and Bruce had battered on us and deservedly so. It's 1137 at WIOD. You need a bedliner for your truck. Here's the ideal place to go. I deal on a motor of entruck accessories. I deals price and selection on bedliners is the best in South Florida. In fact, I deal with beat anybody's price on bedliners. And there are selections incredible with over 2,000 in stock, including the new bodyguard cargo grip surface bedliner. It's up to 4 times less likely to let cargo slip than your regular smooth surface bedliner. It increases resale value and it's resistant to products like gasoline, chemicals, and acid. And you'll find it at ideal automotive entruck accessories. I deal's got a 30,000 square foot churrom. They got a big one and it's packed with everything you need to wholesale prices. You'll find them at 701 Northwest 57th place in 4-loader-dale. Ideal automotive entruck accessories. You can be pretty damn sure they got exactly what you're looking for for that truck column today and find out. 12 free 1-800-62164, 1-800-6264, what do I say? 1-800-621-644, and by the way, what are we in for lunch? 610-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 710-WIOD, a broken critical mass. 12-WIOD, a broken critical mass. Do you have things like that too? I have things like that again, it will be. I don't think we get that. Well, they agree with you because we have the big fan of O.J lidtos. It will be again. It will be again. It will be again. Weoted the Donberage Policy Committee, which has seen all the parliament. Lots of different things within the government. Even though it is uncertain, there will be any kind of change. I know to be able to find a little bit better. But this was jammed between Treasury and Wahit. English English English English English English English Speech. A lot, and more than the kind of money for them. that is that that again is of it and until we get by that and I don't invite saying until we get by that I'm not talking about just black people and my white folks also until white folks get passes whole things that every time you have a difference of opinion based on fact is always black people who are always always always always always always black jury who did this and well it's black people who are wrong for you know for looting and writing and stuff like but it's never white people who are wrong when black people didn't support the golf world the extent of the other is Rodney King the white people on the jury were wrong is that what you're saying I'm hitting the I'm saying that they were wrong and white jurors and white jurors make white black jurors make you just got through saying the opposite though what did I say we just got through saying the white people are never wrong it's always the black people I'm saying that that's what that seems to be the sentiment no it is not no what is not not I want to tell you something this maybe hard for you to understand when OJ Simpson was arrested and I looked at that it never there was no the fact that he's black it had no bearing because I don't look upon OJ Simpson as a black guy look upon him as a football player slash celebrity right so everyone didn't make any difference to most people whether he was black because most people admired him anyway right so how would we come from full full circle from a guy who everybody admired and it was black as well as white people running on a freeway oh Jay go OJ when he was doing a thing in a bronco right and now all of a sudden it's like all the white people I didn't for OJ because he's black that's a pile of crap that's that's bull crap man again I agree with it in this particular case that I think OJ's that's all we're talking about is this particular case we're not kind of what you can't look at it in my late minute don't try to feed me the logic that we're gonna undo all the prior and future injustices by given one to the good guys or whatever whatever you want to what I'm saying but what I'm saying is this thing is that you can't look for your spending $10 million to try this guy we're gonna joke we get a first you have to look at this case in the broader this is only a part of a pattern this is half the same thing as half know I don't look at this case as part of a pattern I look at this is a very specific case there are two dead people we've never had a case this notorious this publicized in the history of this country or maybe of the world and so I look at it specifically as whether we have justice in America or whether we're gonna keep having guys like you making excuses about other cases I don't want to hear about other cases I want to hear about these two dead people and who killed them and I want to see somebody pay for it is that wrong no not for this case well there you go but for the broader for the broader I don't care about the broader no we we don't hold trials for the broader you should be because no we don't and that's the end of my conversation with you man because you're a bozo we should and that this is Johnny Cochrane Jr. jury summation all over again don't face your decision on the evidence in this case here is your chance it's the only chance in your life any of you punks are ever gonna have a chance to make a statement send a message and they did and this guy's got the balls to come on here here sounding very articulate see this goes to show you just because somebody's educated and can speak doesn't mean they got any brains that's a really stupid argument man look at the broad picture I don't want to look at the broad picture any more than I want to look at black Americans or white Americans I look ideal with them one at a time just like I said so let's let OJ off because now that the kind of balances out the broad picture a little bit better but just remember the white people always make the right decision and the blacks always make the wrong that's what we honky say right that's why when Susan Smith wasn't given a cheerman there were those of us who were ready to go up and do it ourselves because we had so much sympathy for this piece of trash for this some human piece of garbage that drowned or too little kids she should be six feet under right now she should be pushing up daisies and the last time I looked he was pretty goddamn white give me some justice don't give me your emotional bull crap your ethnic paranoia give me some goddamn justice baby and start making human life worth something in America again instead of wasting all your time with your goddamn blind racial and hysterically emotional garbage I'd like to live before I croaked in a country where human life has some value and this one ain't it when the jury found OJ sums a not guilty 16 WIOD news brought to South Florida's immediate reaction when he done by your truck amount of freedom I know that he got something to do with his high-level business done when people want to know when people want to talk news talk an entertainment radio 16 WIOD 155 WIOD remember that thing in was it new times about how I'm the voice of angry white Miami that last best and worst-pulting it I'm not the voice of angry anybody I'm just a voice of somebody that has an opinion just like everybody else does but how come it's okay it's interesting since they use that selection of words how come it's okay for black people to be upset and to be pissed off and yet if white people or anybody else gets upset then we don't have a right to do it say because I think that decent people of all colors and backgrounds and you throw away all the other exterior bullcrap I think that decent people just want to live in the you know let live and not be harassed and be able to walk the streets and live like civilized people and not get murdered not have their kids shot on a way to school I think that's what most civilized people of all backgrounds want civilized and I think that people who make excuses for barbaric acts and those who commit them I think they're just as bad as the barbarians themselves that's my opinion here is Boka hello yes sir for starters anyone listening to Johnny Cautons addressed the jury the other day yeah they had they had how can you you could tell he didn't even believe what he was saying he was an act it was all an act just to get the jury to go their way right thanks to what that's the way it works how are the first way you're living on the jury or off the jury look at that and say he's being sincere he wasn't yeah he was talking about his body he was doing his job that's right he's getting paid a lot of money he's doing a job putting on an act and that's that's the basic premise of our jury system as it is today is who can put on the better act the prosecution or the defense and if you can afford the best actors you're probably get off so that cross is where I was with tell what a joke yeah he's not religious how about when he put that schmatha on his head oh God he's standing right in front of the jury and brought a very well-lit courtroom he's been standing there for like two or three hours he puts a schmatha on his head and says well is this a disguise can't you see who I am do you have any idea who I am and I'm thinking yeah real asshole man with a schmatha on your head you know the same thing that's subject I was on the phone with you guys did a day we had the rim man on and I didn't get on on the on the radio because I had to go I couldn't wait right go back to work but why is it they show all these pieces of football games on TV but it don't show any pieces and hockey games because it's Miami because it's a bush league town I've got watching all kinds of games that you should have seen again the penguins in the arrangers last night if you had a satellite and the arrangers were had four to two would like a minute to go at a penguins court twice in the last minute and before the oven overtime column Campbell the coach of the arrangers was so pissed off he didn't even come out for the overtime and last year ESPN 2 had all kinds of the pieces and games on and I finally got ESPN 2 on my cable company and now they're not showing any of the pieces and good you only got a couple more days to wait pal it all starts Friday do you still have tickets for charity do I have any to give away yeah we should did but I there's plenty of available I think in fact I tried the panther pack on Sunday morning alright okay pal see there yeah that's a sad part here we got the opening game of the regular season then it looks like we're gonna have maybe an exciting team this year I hope I prayer really wish we got a lot of new young kids it looks like they're gonna go out there kicks a mass and beets some people around and maybe a beets some people on the ice and we got plenty of seats from what I understand it to embarrassed and tell me how many but let's fill that place up for Sunday night for Calgary okay because the last thing we need to do is give Wayne and Mickey another excuse oh no they're not gonna even chop this year we don't want to build no arena don't give me no excuse because in the meantime with other two and a half billion dollars they're still looking for somebody else to bail them out let's at least make the most even if it is our last season with the panthers let's make the most of it and get out there and enjoy it okay and what I'm saying and what about that parking page as a spot up spot see you think I'm all worked up about O.J. I couldn't give a frying frying frying crap less about that I want my parking spot miss ratchet that's what I want how's Tony a three fingers a baloney marino doing I'd ever call in a guy or he gave you that sign up uh oh better lay low baby something about he sent a vest over here would lunch something about sleeping with the fishes okay of course that's all just fictitious so anyway we got the panthers coming up we got that big tray that nobody of course cares about because they don't know who Wendell Clark is and they certainly don't know who Claude Lemieux is even though they want to stand a cup and they definitely don't know who Steve Thomas is because basically played on the island as all those years they were boring and guess what he would when to Clark they're still gonna suck they're still gonna be boring and the panthers will still fill it finish well ahead of the standings from the foremost four letter words six ten W I O D Miami Fort Lutterdale news talking entertainment radio six ten W I O D Staffht number nine our representatives Tommy wonderful All the same old friends were dead and blood cut from all the same old friends He chopped the bloody clothes, Simpson and K. Till back from a banker in fries and rest to a near A nice and a real, oh, Jake is nothing, jumping his socks near the bed, but there's so many bad And planting some hair, he's the same old descendant A killman called, a little dog from the face of my son, a little dog from the dog He drove the bloody clothes Hello, seven, it's WOD, we have an open line on the green line if you'd like to join and this is we solve all of the problems of America After today, it's no longer acceptable, okay? Because like that guy said look at the broad picture or just look at the broad Here's the Fort Lauderdale, hello Hello, Neil, yes, it's David, it's looking a little bit more Yeah, the Lashana-Boltau Okay, out of your, oh man, okay two or three words I can handle, okay blow it out your ass Open line of Broward 5249463524WOD, here's Miami, hello Hello, yes, behind you, how are you? Okay, yes, I wanted to share you an experience I had with the jury system last week I think it shows a lot of light on what the problem here is I thought I'd do my civic duty and go down, I had my own business, so I thought I could afford it two days And so I go down to this thing and it was a jury consisting of six white, three Hispanics and three black women And it was a guy being tried a black guy being tried for drug distribution pot And the deal was, it was a pretty, it was it seemed like a pretty shut taste He was a freight forwarder and they had, they caught him with 2,000 pounds of marijuana And it was part of a 12,000 pound shipment So, and it was a semi-smith or Mark Duper Yeah, exactly exactly, well there wouldn't be any left, it didn't have And in any case, the situation was that he, he claimed he didn't know anything about it That someone had dropped it off or shipping the course there's no bill of lighting There were 50, 50 pound plastic bags And during the time that it was there someone had slashed open one of it Obviously trying out the ganja So anyways, I went on and on, so this last couple days then we start deliberation And as I said, it seemed like a pretty close case One of the black women says, well it's reasonable that maybe he didn't know about it I mean, how could you know not nobody, you can smell this stuff a mile away There was evident there's no bill of lighting Maybe he's got a sinus problem, maybe she couldn't smell it Exactly exactly exactly that maybe he knew exactly the thing You should have gone smell that It smelled that exactly and so she said she in the exact words Well maybe he went to McDonald's when it came and he didn't see it He's right, what is going on? A lot of criminals go to McDonald's, he said yes Certainly this went on for six hours and at the end of six hours One of the three women was this cow from over town and I say that Because she didn't say anything and finally I got so exasperated with her I said, ma'am, what do you think? What do you think about this? She hadn't said a thing and she said, well I got no And to make a long story short, hungry Rest my case that was it, yeah That was it and you know what? I was an idealist when I went in there I really was and when I left there this was last Thursday When I left I knew that OJ was guilty But I also knew that boy is going to be drinking champagne next week I bet any money on it Don't say boy, don't be saying boy Yeah, exact my apologies, okay I'm a racist, aren't I? Thank you Neil Okay pal, take care So, let's do it again Open line in date, 7519463, one on the green line So anyway, one of the statements from one of the jurors They're starting to release because in a pretty certain way They're all going to be on all the talking head shows They'll be coming out with their book, their screen plays They're in full marshals And it was garbage in garbage talking about the evidence And the contemposibility for contamination So that's the excuse, see they're going to give you all the right reasons Now when they start opening up their mouth and go in public But the fact of the matter is that we know what it's all about We know what it's all about because you can't decide Eight months of testimony in three and a half hours of deliberation If you're really deliberating And the only reason they looked at Ellen Park's direct examination again And had to read back to them so they could convince those two Holdouts, hey, there's still dubious And he still wasn't sure of this And maybe the Bronco was there he couldn't see because of the traffic And so, okay, we give up, we want to go home And that was it But it's because of contaminated evidence And it's said, right? That's what Malcolm X said, that's what Martin Luther King said That's what George Washington Cleveland Benjamin Jones said That's what they all said Right? That's right That's what Karim Abdull Schwartz said Here's Hollywood, hello Yeah, hi Neil Yes sir First of all thanks, you did a lot of nails right on the head today Yes, I did And you were just talking about a CNN report With the talking about the evidence contamination here Yeah, contamination there Well, there you go again, here's something that you said earlier They're making statements and I'm going to quote you Top of all for public consumption Right, of course Beautiful Neil And and you notice how they waited until the next day So they had plenty of time to cover their ass And you know, consult with the attorneys And make sure that they knew because now they all got their own agents And attorneys, you don't understand Make sure, you know, what they come public with So it sounds acceptable Right I'd like to hit on one small little subject But and it was mentioned and you mentioned it way back in the beginning of the trial And now a lot of people talk about it It's the subject of money by justice Yeah, you know, which you know There's no question Yeah, and you alluded to it in the very beginning of the trial As the original defense team added free bailing And then after free bailing then you sold Dursher with the pot then And you even alluded to it, yeah, they're building up the team You even said it, you know, they're building up the team They're building up the team here But I have to say this Even though I know we both feel the same way about OJ Simpson's guilt Okay, there's no doubt about that But unfortunately, if you yourself since you have a lot of connections And you know a lot of people If you sit down with any big time attorney or someone who works in a very very prestigious law firm Yeah, they will tell you this me on I want to be honest with you I'll tell you that they would not even let Marsha Clark go out and get lunch for them I understand that But that's the point the point is when you got you know prosecutors are working for the county Who are getting paid diddly squad and you got multi-millionaire hotshot attorneys on the other side The dream team the best of money can buy It's like letting the Yankees play against Piper high school. What's the chance? Yeah, you got it. There you go There you go and you're right and that's why And they're all these black people that are cheering I hope that if somebody tries to frame them and they wind up with their ass and court on the line I hope they got four or five million because if they don't man They're not going to see no justice like OJ did Yeah, great a dream world you got it to look uh, I won't help you up And I just want to repeat one thing you said and I'd love to be only justice in this country is only Atlanta brave Okay, job Neil. Oh yeah, he almost blew that game for my last night David justice But how about what's his name? Who the hell hit the arm around here two arm a chipper? He's a chipper off the old block of boys he ugly 10 W I O D no shirt no shoes no problem a kill Nicole The other night was there a fight on the fourth of July Because now his cousins dead are ballerning the head What happened we don't know something fishy smells But he won't tell so well as Brian what did you do Brian what did you do He's not so long he was standing on his folks long and he was crying All right, I can what Brian Brian Brian Brian it's hot to one And it was an accident with two shots lions I don't know why your agent claims the cops report on truth I want to know some more so tell me what's the scar Brian what did you do Brian what did you do Yes, now he's gone and from this moment on we're asking Brian Brian Brian violent Okay. One, two, three, two, three. You can. You can. You can. You can. Twelve, twenty, and twenty, do what I do. Let's do a lady and have a tour. Hello. Hello. Lady and have a tour of gone. How can she be gone? Hello. You just spoke to her? And she's, she's, what? Oh, she's long gone. Okay. Be sure to go. Be sure to go. Open line of day, seven, five, one, nine, four, six, three. How are we going to be doing the next break? We just came back. All right. Like I said, don't worry about this because they'll hang on forever. There's a fire burning in your home or backyard this summer. Make sure it's a delightful fire from evening's the light. Self-loat is fireplace and barbecue specialty. Evening's the light is barbecue's for your backyard and patio. With over 60 models on display including gas, electric and charcoal, evenings to light carries a full line of fire magic and fire. And if you're existing grill needs repair, choose from evening to light selection of over 5,000 MHP barbecue replacement parts. Right now get a 25,000 BT barbecue grill with tank and gas for $129 through September 30th. Did you know that evenings to light can install a Martin real wood burning fire place from $895 almost anywhere in any home including your living room, bedroom or even your bathroom? If you have an existing fireplace, evenings to light carries a full line of accessories and quality products from hallmark, fortland and bready bill. evenings to light offers professional installation repair or assembly on everything they sell. evenings to light. Two south-load locations in Miami, a mile south of David Lane on US-1 and in Fort Lodderdale, power line road between Oakland Park Boulevard and Commercial Boulevard. John, Uncle Mudcover. The view, the lightsets. With respect to angular celebration of America's music. Reveal back in time. $10,000,000. The CMA Awards hosted by Superstar Vince Gil and scheduled to appear, Garth Brooks. Now, the New Jackson, the Bay of Ways. And many more, the CMA Awards lies from Nashville tonight at 8 on WFOR for South Florida. Newspaper ads. TV spots. Mains signs. They're all part of the game if you run for office and they're expensive. The news for reveals how many prominent politicians are getting free advertising. With signs all over South Florida, find out how their names get on street corners, even public buildings and whose main for it. The name gave. Tonight at 11 on news for South Florida. Undercover of darkness and in cities forces working to do the future of all South Florida radio stations, except one at 610 WIOD. Over the 100, you people are day moved to South Florida. And every one of them has been offered a choice. Missed all day to 610 WIOD. Or we ship back to Waterloo. They've seen Waterloo. They're listening. It works like this. Listener, you're out of here. And thank you from you's talking at a 10 at radio 610. WIOD. Okay. Talk 25 at WIOD. I'm going to say a lady mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hi. I got to an information that OJ was coming to turn very this week. Hello. What are you talking about? I just got to an information that OJ was coming to turn to turn very to vacation with Paula Barbeare. And I think Miami should let him know. He's going to Mexico. He's going to a Robert Cardassian's a joint in near Cousinwell in Mexico. Well, I'm just passing it on. You're giving misinformation. We've heard your full of crap. We have an open line in date. 751. And of course, he's also trying to start a bunch of bull crap. Okay. Go find something productive. To go feed a starving kid somewhere. Well, yeah. Okay. You stupid bitch. I think people should do this. I have it through the grapevine. Yeah. Blow out your ass. Just what we need is a bunch of trouble makers. Okay. Just get out with your life. Okay. We're just having a little conversation here in the aftermath. It isn't going to change a guy damn thing. Me, especially, but everybody else too. And that's it. But don't be a guy damn shot this to him. If you want to go tell somebody off. Go up to New York and talk to the Pope. Tell him what a piece of crap he is. Here's a vocah. Hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. How are you today? Great. I wanted to ask you question and pose this to your call. It's too. You could. It would make me feel a little better. Why did they? Where's for a doubt? Why is there a perjury charge is pending? Well, there aren't going to be any perjury charges against it. It's because the area that he lied about had nothing to do. It was not pertinent to the case, to the defense, to anything else. And they're not going to be any perjury charges at all. But if I, I thought you go to court a while, they see you got to tell the truth. Let me do you hear what I just got to say? Can I draw you a road map? That's the law. I didn't invent it. I'm just explaining it to you. Well, to be it says they ask you to tell the truth. It's a deal. Let me say it again. His lies were not relevant to any of the evidence in the case. Therefore, they're not going to have any perjury charges. They got nothing. He didn't perjure himself in the technical sense of law. Oh, well, come to America. Palin, now you feel worse. There are however ought to be internalist investigations in the LAPD. All of these incidents over the past, however many years since he was on the force. And going back and he ought to have his ass on a fire for that, including a lot of other cops. And by the way, I think it's really, really sad that detective Philip Fannatter, who according to just about everybody who knows him, I mean, when you find a good cop for crying out loud, don't smear. I'm don't rip him, give him credit. A good cop and Johnny Cockring goes up there with his big broad paintbrush. Wasn't Hitler a house painter. I think he said that too. Goes up there with his big broad brush. And now, of course, out of desperation, he's painting this conspiracy. Got to find somebody else to put in there because this guy after all was walking around with OJ's blood. And I can't think of anything more file than what the cockwain did there. Just, you know, just generalities talked to some, you know, made a joke with some off of your hitman up in the hallway. They're right. Okay. We believe all your credible witnesses, Johnny. See, I'm going to tell you one thing. It's a goddamn good thing the defense, you know, the way our system works, doesn't have to prove anything because man, they proved nothing. They had a rose a low pay as they had Mary and Gurchas. They had that one guy that, in the neighborhood that blew up in their face, then they had the mafia hitman that they never put on a stand. They had no defense. None. But like he said, we don't got to prove nothing. And so that's why we didn't. And we don't know who that was running in the house. We have no idea what that was on the wall outside Kato's room. But hey, we don't got to prove nothing. Like you're a butterfly, I didn't do nothing. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Happy holidays. And back to you. Hey, did you have any hearves? I don't have a familiar party brought us up. Did you have any hearves? Here's Drew Rosenhouse yesterday. He got on the air and was screaming about out of the fact that now he wishes to God that he can have O.J. He's just crying because he's going to be the wealthiest. Ashley in the world. And he would do anything to have this guy. Of course he doesn't care. He likes that kind of guy. Like Brian Blades. He likes all these guys. In fact, Mark Duper. All the guys who turned out to be the biggest scumbags their Drew Rosenhouse's appliance. I mean, I was amazed. Now, where did he, where did you hear that? He was on the NBC station. I got the interview with JB Brown. And he got on and said, man, he would do anything to have this guy. And it's not interesting, by the way, that the white dolphin players were used to be interviewed because just about every one of them said that the verdict was wrong. Yes. Well, just sorry, Pastor. I was surprised that we all kind of called it about that. Hey, because the verdict of a feather flocked together, man. That would be good day to you. And back to you. Yeah, water seeks its own level. All the old cliches. Drew Rosenhouse, you're a slime ball, baby. You're scum. And the fact that Jeff DeForce had you on here that night, right there at your Robbie State of Meditation, the pin you raised to the God damn wall after this Brian Blades thing. And lick you all over your body, baby. Unbelievable. Hang your head and shame, D-Foe. I think D-Foe is auditioning for CNN. Oh, seriously, because if you look everybody's ass man, you get a job on here in a heartbeat. Here is my, me. Hello. My, me. When is this audio? So I asked the cameo fetus. Here's the lady in the hell and they'll. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I just want to tell you one good comment you're making today is when people look at OJ. They don't look at him as a black man. They look at him as a superstar celebrity. When white people look at OJ, they look at him as a superstar in a celebrity. Not as a famous black person. And I don't know how when black people, because I'm not black, I don't know how black people look at him as a superstar in a celebrity. And I want to ask you a question. What do you think about the three white jurors that were on that case? I mean, it would only take one person. There was one white woman and two Hispanic and two white women. It would have taken only one of them to, to the first vote was ten to two. Ten, uh, not guilty and two that were holding out. And then they watched the, uh, wait a minute. What were we going to, I'm on for right. Just calm down, George. I'm not missing the nicknake it in bed. When you just relax, he's motioning, he's gesturing, he's grabbing himself. Sharon's not that bad all of a sudden. Uh huh. So anyway, the first vote was tended to the, I assume that the holdouts were probably the two white women. And then they said, oh, well, we all want to go home anyway. Let's go watch some of that testimony. We'll put on a good act. They said, okay, sounds good to me. I don't know. It's crazy. But, you know, Johnny Cochran said last night that, um, he was interviewed. He goes, oh, we didn't play the race. So the prosecution is the one that started that by putting firm and on. Isn't that crazy? Right. Oh, well. Okay, good luck to us. Thanks. See you. Yeah, so Nick and Sharon, I think, are going at it again. What is that? They're doing it for the 87th time on their front their wedding night on the day of their daughter's wedding. Uh, we have an open line in date, 751. And, oh, look at this. Here's a Matt's boyfriend. He's getting pissed off. Now, I think Paul's getting home here. See, the young and a hung the soaps are back on. They had a thing on the entertainment segment on CNN before with that bitch. What's her name? You know the one I'm talking to? I hate her. She's a real sour face, the old bag that's on the entertainment show. Oh, man, I just despise her. But anyway, they had the segment about the, with the TV executives and they're talking about the fact that they're kissing the ground that this is over with finally because CNN and court TV were taken away all their viewers and the false, the new false shows, the the viewership for the new false shows was very, very low because they were all into this. And they're just kissing the ground. It's over. Maybe they had something to do with it. There's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah. I want to say a few times because I know what is, what is your idea, I think, with wrong, I'm a black man, my wife was guilty. Yeah. But I don't think it's right, right, well, now you can know all these white who can't know, say I want to do it, right? Why people do it too? Good, Jim, I did it. That's the same black jury sound, or did not guilty, but the evidence they had, you had a white jury to find the false cops, not guilty, but the evidence they had. And what? Why do you want to do it? You're talking about right in the king? Yeah, no, yeah, the white people would do it too. Let me ask you something, is right in the king, dead? No, you're not dead. I'm just asking, how's that? But what do they do with wrong? I think I was guilty. But I'm just saying, white people would do it too. So in other words, let's just keep doing it until, you know, until we even up the scores that it. I'm just saying that you're going to score. I say, what do you, what do you think? What do you think? Well, wait a minute, what do you think of my idea of having professional jurors instead of bringing all these schmucks in from off the street and letting them decide instead of going to have to do it? I think I'm going to do it. Okay. And they have it in this Indian average average judge and you don't want to go for home. You're not the mighty saint. Right. I'm professional. You got it. You got it, man. All right. Thanks. See there. You got it. You got it. You got it, man. All right. See there. You got it. You got it, man. All right. Thanks. See there. You got it. You got it. All right. So where were we going? 1234 WIOD. Let's go to a bokeh. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. You know, racism. What works both ways at the police? My sister is in New Jersey and you know, we're white and she had all black friends. There were three car loads of them. Yeah. Our friend in the front. Her car was in the middle. And so I'm behind them. Now the person in front of her got pulled over by, you know, stay true for here's black. And he always talking to him and he comes back to my sister. And he gave and she says, this is what are you doing? And she says, well, I'm following him. And he goes, oh, okay. And he gave her a ticket and nobody else. Yeah. All right. My sister took him to court. And he said he pulled her over. And he didn't know anything about anybody else. Yeah. Yeah. And he lied. So I mean, you could think of, No, it was in the daytime or at night time. Uh, I'm not sure. But I'll say she was the only white person among the three cars. Because if it was at night time, unless they were smiling in the other car, No, he probably thought the other car was empty. See, he probably thought she was the only driver. No, it's serious. Because at night time, it's hard to see. You know, I mean, it's not a racial comment, but it's just true. When it's dark, unless black folks are smiling, like you can see those teeth. You know what I'm saying? No, but I mean, you got to think logically. I mean, you got to know that there's some, there's some, of course there's plenty of hate to go around for everybody. Paillers, plenty of it out there. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I read a newspaper article somewhere. Northern Florida. Yeah. You know, it was a black comedy. It just made chief or something like that. And he was talking about, well, when he was a kid running through the town, it was being chased by a gang of white kids. And we're up to the white top and the white top told them, well, you've heard a get out of here, I guess. You know, see, you got to think that it's got to play something. I mean, it's going to be some people that got the hatred and them that just want to take revenge. Don't worry about Northern Florida, Manus Hurricanes going to blow them off to my episode. I'll solve that problem. Have a great day, Paillers. All right. In closing. Okay. Thanks. Open line and, uh, Opalize what? Open line in the Green Line. One eight hundred nine. Well, it's called Opal Man. It's a Rican Opal. It's a bad one, man. And of course, the Lord does work in mysterious ways. No red decks up there in a pan and all of a thing. You know, they've been busy shooting doctors at abortion clinics. They think that they've been doing a work at Lord. And all of a sudden, oh, guess what? Surprise. He's been picking on you over and over when you go to get the message up there. And he's going to tell you Yahoo's in Pensacola. And all you assholes up and tell a hassy. He's pretty pissed off. Like those idiots are called Rican said, yeah, Rick, you're right, Paill. The guy that called me for Rican idiot. They've got the call up and then the wife got on the phone this morning. And she started going on this thing. Well, well, we're Christians. And we believe in God. And we prayed for the right verdict. I wonder if Fred Goldman prayed for the right verdict, huh? Of course, it is. You're on Kipper. Oh, yeah. He's Jewish. See, all the way. I'm not sure if you're hearing problems. Somebody please buy him a miracle ear because it would be a miracle if he ever answered your prayer. I'm hearing. I listened to you read it all the time and I never called the day I need the call. Today you're motivated. Today I'm motivated. Okay. A couple of comments. The first one is that I'm not somehow in Canada. And when you were talking about Canada and how Canadians react to this, I'm a black person from Canada. Right. And I am, I first of all, I believe that he did it. That's the first thing. Right. And I understand living in America now, why people think that he didn't do it. So understand me. Yeah. Maybe. I'm waiting for you for a year. Hey, hey. Hold on a second. They just finished the Paul Bernardo trial as you know, up in Canada and Toronto. But I know about that. My mother was told me that that was gruesome and horrible. But they did. Number one, they did not put it on television. Yes, it did. Number two, the fact that he was white had nothing to do with the verdict. And you know, they got really the right verdict. You said to course for the wife. You know, she played bargain away a lot. I was a verdict. But they got to write verdict. And I believe that OJ did it. And everybody in my office is non black and they all think he didn't do it. And I think he did. Yeah. But I can understand living in America, why a lot of black Americans think that he did not do it. Well, explain that to me. The, the, the, the ratio. Like you were saying earlier in, in Canada, it's very different. We don't notice it. I'm married to a black American and when I took him home, he was like, he's like, like, stunned. I took him in the subway. He couldn't believe it. He's like, people don't notice. I say we don't care. We don't care. But people are different. I mean, we're in January or from. To one. Oh yeah. Be considerate. Absolutely great. And I understand living here and working here as a professional. Why a lot of black Americans think the way that they do. And I, I certainly sympathize with all of them. And I understand living here now because people look at me and view me as a black American. I see this one. I'm not a black American. I'm a Canadian. And I don't see things the way that you do because I wasn't raised like you were. You know, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I wasn't comfortable from all the time. And there's a black neighborhood. It's like a thousand people there. Yeah. And I'm like, what is this? And it's, I understand why they acquitted him although I disagree. Okay. That's what you're in. Okay. See it. Maple Leaf Gardens. I have five. I know. I know. They think my father still watches them. So do I. Okay. I can lose this year. Go Leafs. Go, baby. We're going to kick some ass. Right Bob Cole. Let's get Bob Cole and Harry Nealon here in Scrootus, O.J. Crap. Let's get some hockey going, baby. All right. I don't think I got any. And don't be me any that Mike Lang stuff today. Okay. Give him a rest until the weekend. He'll need it after the Leafs beat the crap out of the penguins Saturday. Now, okay. We'll get someone that for him. So anyway, like I said, you know, you go to a real. I mean, this country. I'm telling you, man, you're dreaming. You're just dreaming. It's not just a fact thing either. They're probably saying, wow, you know, he likes it because he goes to Berlin or in Rhymer's like, guys will hold hands and the dice walking around. That's right. And nobody cares. And nobody's yelling out. Faggett. Nobody gives it in. And there's like all kinds like in Toronto, man. You've got a tremendous oriental population. You got a little Italy there. An enormous number of Italians. You've got a lot of black people. You've got a tremendous number of people from the Middle East. I don't know what that'll be. Are Pakistani. Who knows what? And nobody cares. And that's right across the border. And yet they have a certain amount of violent crime, but nothing like here. Nothing like here. Not even close. And they have 11% unemployment up there. And yet they don't use it as excuse to be below in each other away. In fact, the homeless people, they said they sit. It's the strangest thing I've ever seen in my life. They sit on a sidewalk in front of like stores at night that are closed. And they say real quietly. Spare some money. And they say real quietly. Spare some change. And they have their little copper. And you can't even hear them. And I want to like coach him and say, hey, if you ever want to get any change, you better speak up a little bit. Because nobody can hear ya. Here is a plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been long time listening. This is the second time I've a call. Okay. I just want to thank you for allowing the frustrations of people like me. I mean, I was shaking yesterday when I heard the verdict. And I was just so mad that I didn't go out, you know, and stuff smashing windows. I just, I kept it to myself. But listening to you is made me feel so much better. And also I like to bring up another point. If that's your number six, did you have the black power sign? Yeah. I don't care if the Pope would have found the gloves. He would have been found innocent. I think they made up them wine to warm up. Isn't that incredible? Yeah, I mean, how could you do that? I know the trial. One of these creeps gets up and again, I do say creeps because no intelligence injury regardless of their race. Nobody could have conducted themselves the way that they did. It gives the black power sign. I have to say that friend of family. That's the girl who's crying upset. I was upset. If I would have been there, I don't know what I've done. But I just want to thank you, Neil. You've been great. And as I said, you've aired my frustrations. I was shaking yesterday. And I don't know what to do. But what can I do? That goes on. Life in a mirror. Thanks a lot. Hang in there. I'm shaking out too. I'm sorry. We have an open line in Broward. Five to four. Well, listen, after the first 85 times, even he's wearing out. Now, she looks pretty happy. Don't she? See, so I have an at least. She forgot all about the rap. She forgot about Matt. And just for like one night, she finally said, OK, let's see what that thing looks like. All right. So anyway, things are looking up now. The young and a horny is moving along. We're progressing. He's going to get off. Matt's going to probably wind up behind bars for the rest of his life. Plus his little ugly boyfriend is going to go along with him. I think sit on his lap. Keep him company. That'll be the next big trial on TV, the Matt Clark trial. Huh? Let's have an all black tree for that one, too. From the time they found the body, he used to the words, OJ's been dying to hear. That best radio news team in South Florida brought you the trial of this century. The imagery and the embolson kind of left, he found a gradient or a jaw. Or involved in Simpson, not guilty of the crime of murder. The best news talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. 1251 at WIOD. By the way, my friends up the hall there at the end of the hall at Hot 105. Did you see you didn't see any of the stuff that Channel 40 did yesterday because they had it on the five o'clock news. They had a couple of clips of me and mostly listening to the callers. And then they showed it again at six where they showed it coming up to one o'clock and I said, It's goddamn verdict time or whatever now. I said it's one o'clock. And I can't believe number one. They put the goddamn on there. Then they switched over and we heard one or two of the calls at Hot 105. You know, it's one thing the panterity you're audience. It's another thing to have a conscience. It's another thing to have some kind of credibility. It's another thing to use your brain. I just say that I'm not seeing you got a goose step in line with me. But what the hell are you people thinking about? Here's a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes. Neil. I like to know, do you think it's that some people use a trial to send it message about domestic violence? No. You're talking about, you're talking about Denise Brown trying to make yourself look good after all those years. When five of them, she said nothing about for a sister getting beaten up all the time. Is that what you're talking about? Right. And they don't have trials to send a message. Right. But I mean, wrap the verse. He said, but we can learn from this. Let me say it again. You don't have trials to send a message. Right. But then again, you know, they said that old black people used, you know, that the black people in the jury. That was Johnny Cochran who said send the message. Right. And they did. Right. But he, but he, but he everybody's arguing that. Oh, but nobody's arguing the fact that, you know, that Nicole, I mean, that Denise Simpson. Cause nobody cares about that. She hasn't succeeded in that. Okay. She's running around the country and her all those make it into a TV star. Nobody we decares about that. Oh, really? You got Jock's beaten up their wives every day. You're reading about this war in one day Bobby Cox the next day. They're beating up their right. Nobody cares about it. Right. You don't even hear a follow-up story. Irving spikes in on nobody cares. Right. But when it comes to race, then everybody's paying attention. Exactly. That's the sad part. Well, two-aid bot to, huh? No, I'd just like to say, I'm like, how many congregate flames in myself, you know. So I'll see you there, pal. Good luck. You'll need it. All right. Okay. Yeah. Calgary flames to y'all for a man look out. Great little player. And who they got in goal these days? Oh, they got to Trevor Kid. They're okay, Calgary. We'll be to Blutty Pop, right? Sure. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. I don't want to put any pressure. I'm Doug McLean in the Panthers, but we better win that opening game. Hey, let's kick some ass. The rover and St. Petersburg to play those desperate lightning tonight. They better win that game, too, just to make it look good. How about your rimmers over there? Probably being brainwashed? Here's Boca. Hello. Oh, what a day, huh? It is. It's beautiful. I'm having lunch now. I feel better. Yeah. You noticed one of the jurors coming out. She was wearing a Florida Marlin hat at a coming out of her house. Well, now we know what the problem is. Okay. And also, though, uh, that explains it all to me. I got another one. Yeah. The only keen is going to kick ass north forward this week is the Opel. Hey, you know, what's going to happen? What's going to happen? I know. I think I have a game. I think the coach pushed Davis at the herking up there. So he could try it. You know, I never thought of that. Wouldn't that be something if they got to reprieve on that? Yeah. Never happened. Man, that thing's blowing through there like a grand-tog Richmond. I got to get to the mall. Only one day after I want them. I see those amazing great. It's a federal express. Okay, pal. All right, man. Okay. That's right. That's going to be the second hurricane. He's going to hit up there at a panhandle up in Tallahassee this Saturday. And it's going to be an embarrassing thing. You know, something we haven't heard from one. We haven't heard from one single hurricane fan all season long. I know they've only played, uh, what? Three games of which they've lost two by the way, including one marginal girl school. And the one team they beat was a minor girl school division two. Oh, Sharon just came home. And she said, my was so good. She should have kept in touch. But it's a big secret, of course. Mossed in there in her bathroom. She knows something. She sees that look on Sharon's face like something really good. Just struck her. Just, uh, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I'm going to start with you some things that I thought I got on this whole OJ thing. Yes. First of all, because the jury failed to convict OJ does not mean that he's innocent. And I was watching the TV the other yesterday and all these people were jumping up and down when the verdict came out. And the interview people there said, I knew he was innocent. Oh, yeah, right. And people got to remember that just because the jury didn't convict them doesn't mean he's innocent. Right. And if I served jury duty one time, I think this when you might find this interesting. Yeah. I was sitting on a jury on a panel and he's this guy was charged with two counts. And the prosecution failed to present enough evidence to convict them. But at the same time, the defense didn't present anything enough to like, to equip the guy. Yeah. So we went back to deliberate and we didn't have proof. We owned a reasonable doubt that this guy was guilty, but we knew he did something wrong. So we dropped one charge of found guilty on the other. I think that's the right thing to do. It's the thing to do it. What happened with O.J. is not about justice. It's about opinion. And I think there's a big difference between truth and opinion. It's about setting a message. Yeah. Yeah. So you know, I think that the DA's office and the police department got what they deserve. But I don't think O.J. got what he deserves. I don't think he murdered people got justice. And I think that Bob Shapiro, all of his posturing, he's last 24 hours or 20 hours. I think it rings pretty hollow. When you got a man who took like over a million dollars, 1.6 million. I think over the last 10 months. And was up to what he got to his ears. And now all of a sudden he started to say, well, he didn't agree with this. And they played the race car. He was a part of it, man. He can't, he can't, he can't shy away from it now. Yep. That's what he said on that interview with Bob and Wawa. In addition to which he's the one that went out and found Johnny Cochran to be, you know, head up the dream team. So we'd like to ask. Okay, pal. Thank you. All right. So we've got a lot of power to five to four night boy. Next got a big smile on his post, too. I wonder why it's been a hell of a long time, man. You know, when you hold it in that many years, we have an open line at Broward five to four nine four six three said, You think there was pressure on that jury. He said, I'll show you something about pressure. Squirtch court. Here's Carl Springs on a purple line. Hello. Yes, sir. I don't know much about hockey, but I want to ask you a couple of questions. I met a hockey player this morning in Bo Karton doing some service work. Yeah. He's a good team for Panthers. Right. He had the broken hand. I didn't get a chance to ask. Got a broken hand in that fight with the brilliant shanhand and exhibition game. And you tell that Javanoski, who's a rookie this year, and we're looking for big things from him and he's going to be out for three to six weeks now. That, you know, save the fights for the regular season and don't be bust in your hand in the pre game, which means nothing. Okay. Tommy's a pot. That guy was with me. Said, yeah, you got it in the fight, man. I know if it was on the ice or what. On the ice in an exhibition game, I was Friday against Hartford. And it's unacceptable. He came from Canada. Yes, he did. Hey. I just will always ask you, I didn't mean to change the subject. Are you married? Am I? Don't let your wife near him. Have a great day. Hey, you'll start there. Yeah. Got a scrony, don't you? Well, you never know. Okay, well. See you. All right. At just a joke, Eddie, okay. You got off up there. You're okay. There's another one of those deals. What did that? What was Jennifer? Just doing. She gave me the high sign. She said, I got more naked pictures of Brad Pitt. Is that what that was all about? Just naked internet pictures for those of you who want that thing, that thing, you know, that thing. Because I know Jennifer is desperate for that thing. But it's not much of a thing. Of course, you know, she could have been right yesterday. Maybe it needs to be talked to. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, how are you doing? Okay. Happy holiday. And back to you. Great show today. Yeah. I haven't seen this much action in a long time. Damn right. Listen, a couple things. I know you don't, you're not a fan of the hero. Did you see the front page? The hero? Okay. There's a picture of a corrections officer. And there's a picture of a judge. And the judge looks like she's saying they shot or just when the verdict is read. I mean, your eyes are closed. And people tell you, you know, all the, you know, correction officers have jumped and it's good. Yeah. But it was funny. It was also on the news last night. Just at one little little clip I thought. I might like to see that. Take a look at that. The paper. Okay. And now have a good day. And back to you. So by the way, he's got a good lead at a turtle today, which goes to show you a sooner later, everybody gets one. Decrying the verdict and the short deliberation and the whole forest that we just went through and see this is, you know, forget about the verdict. I knew it was going to be not guilty. That was disappointing, but not unexpected. But it's that reaction. It's all these people cheering and screaming. It's just got them football mentality, man. Nobody won. There was no winner yesterday. Trust me. The station that cares. Yeah. Like hell. We do 16. WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. News, talk, and entertainment radio. 16. WIOD. It's the fun to two hours. New game. Which does the hanky pain. New game which has a skanky wanky. New game which does the hanky pain. New game which does the hanky pain. We thought he always back his money. Baites, Bill Clinton, bowed it all the time. Yeah. They call him woman,izing low-rise lime. But New East Jason Gurley's all around the desk. That's why his shirts are done. His hair is a mess. To the bottom of the wall, to the bottom. All right. Here we go on the desk. Let's go. Mr. Speaker. Mr. Speaker. The committee would like to know. I thought he was high. You're sitting out for money and death. I see. Oh, see. They're not. All the committees see no infotry. Yeah. They'll be no further. That's cute. I saw him working on his pickup lines. Good. You come here off and baby. Watch your side. A pretty, a rip-up and a little. Hey, buddy, baby, can I give you the phone? I think for him. Who would have thought I'd ever want to thought that? Come here, baby. I mean, that you had a big room. Blue King, which does the Hanky Panky. Blue King, which does the Hanky Panky. Blue King, which has a skanky way. Blue King, which does the Hanky Panky. Blue King, which does the Hanky Panky. Okay, one, two, seven, and WOD. I told you, we know what it's all about. We know what it's all about. We know what it's about. That's why we decided it would be on the kipper today because we knew the verdict was coming yesterday. Here's a lady in Viral Beach, hello. Hi, my name is Gail. Hi, Gail. Hi, I visiting Viral Beach, but I'm from Southern California. Oh. And I've been listening to your program for about six days and I love it. Well, great. You are saying the things that I keep thinking and most people are afraid to say out loud. Great. And I know that it's not funny that two people were murdered. If we don't learn how to get above it and start laughing about some of the stupid things that have happened, I don't know how we're ever going to start talking to people again. Yeah. I very much believe that there should be a professional jury, like you say, and I don't think that they should have televised this whole trial. I've been watching it since the Bronco Chase, mostly because I don't listen to the television commentators after hours. And I think that's not what I heard. They're slant on it, so totally different than what I heard. I figured I better start listening to this thing. And I was so disappointed yesterday, just ruined our day to hear that he was pronounced not guilty. Did it bother you to see all these people cheering? Oh, absolutely. That's so wrong. And the people that you see cheering, if they say that it's not a race trial, they're absolutely wrong. I think that if they were two people husband and wife that were the same color, whether it would have been black or white or green or purple that he would have been found guilty. It was the fact that it was two different races that it seemed to be hitting and good old caulkran, hitting one against the other. And he wasn't just waving the race card. He was raving the whole deck. Everything that he could throw, it was sick. Well, I think one thing we ought to do is like eliminate all publicity about any trail held in California, Los Angeles for like next 10 years. Oh, definitely. Because they can't convict anybody out there. And I think that now the last thing that we need to start stirring everybody up again to see what passes is justice in California. Absolutely right. And they're so there's so litigous out there that the next thing is going to happen is it OGL probably sue the county for wrongful incarceration. Well, he'll be pretty busy though with that civil suit from the Goldman family. So I think he'll be pretty busy. I was going to say I have his hands tied, but that would be a bad expression. Well, when it comes to justice, I think we're all looking for Fred Goldman to take care of all of it for us. There you go. I'd love to be on his jury. Okay. Okay. Have a great time. All right. Thanks. Bye. Open line in the green line. That's Palm Beach. You know, baby, that's the heavy duty stuff up there. Boca and Del Rey and Palm Beach and West Palm and North Palm and Jupiter and Uranus. 1-800-944-4-9463. Now we can get back to our soap operas on a regular basis. Now we can get back to the goddamn new fall line up on a network's there and help them make a few bucks. Now we can get back to the public getting the screwed with the baseball playoffs. I'll tell you one good thing if you got the big day. She saw all the games last night. All right. How do you like that? I'm watching four hours of hurral to one CNBC. I'm watching the Braves game in Colorado tough game. I'm watching the Yankees in Seattle brutal game. I'm watching about the two seconds of Cincinnati in the Dodgers because that was a blowout. And I'm watching what was the other one I looked out. Oindian's in Red Sox and other tough game. So if you got the big dish, man, you got it all. Like I said, anybody who can get the big dish and winds up getting a little one like my neighbor over there. Come on, Bernie, you made a bad mistake by all you can still turn it around. Thank you, Jennifer. It says, should I read it? Oh, okay. Don't be stirring the pot. Okay, smoke it a little bit, but don't stir it. Anyway, let's go to a lady in the North Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hi. I'm going to have a call about what makes me stipped to my stomach. Is that black sink that justice was served? It was not served. It showed that the criminals have all the rights, does it their rich? And the victims have no rights, does it their did? Well, let me slow down. What makes you think that the black people you're referring to and I assume you're the one. The majority of the blacks. But wait a minute. Wait a minute. But what makes you believe that they think that justice was done? Don't you think that a lot of those people just felt, okay, one for us. I don't know. But to them, that's justice because it's justified in their brain. Okay. That's fine. They think deep down inside they know that he's a murderer. But he's black. But the gut form. He's rich. Well, you never stuck up. He never stuck up for them. I'll tell you that. He was never ready to break the nose. And you know what? If you had the chance, he wouldn't do it. He's not going to stick up for his people. He's not gone. Yeah. He's a killer. He's a murderer. And another thing that was never brought up. He was cheating on his first wife when he met Nicole. And a lot of black women get angry over a black man stating a white woman. And those jurors that were black, I think the minute they found out that he was dating Nicole while he was still married. Made up their mind. No matter what the DNA was, they made up their mind from the start. And that makes me sick. Are you there? I'm here. What do you want? What do you want me to say? I can't change it for. I can't wait. I can't change it for my mind. We can't. But I just want. I just want white people to realize that they're not guilty of anything. We've been taught. I'm 31. My whole generation feels guilty to be right. Yeah. And I go down to that point. Well, you know, that's an excellent point. I am really, you know, I said this at the beginning of the show. And I've avoided it in the meantime. But I'm going to say it again. I'm really, really disappointed bitterly in black people both inside this building. And just out there in a community and in the country in general. Because, you know, I'm a second tired of being held up for stuff that happened two and three hundred years ago. The time has come to stop walking around with a chip on people's shoulder. The time has come to get an education to get involved, to get intelligent, to get bright people elected. You know, and then the stop gets to cut the crap. That's what the time has come for. Yeah. I get another call. I get sick when you don't have kids and I do. And I come down to the public schools system. And they know who my daughter's the king is. They know herself Africa is. But they don't they don't look like on a map and they don't know who the president of the United States is. Well, when they get older, tell them what the state looks like. Okay, we have an open line today. Well, it looks like a, yeah. One third, come on. It's hanging down there, baby. It's hanging out. But the governor's up there in the north end of it. That's why there's no balls. One third, Tina W. Yod, the scam is as old as carpeting itself. Man, an advertised price to clean your carpets by the room. And always sounds really good. Oh, is this going to be a great deal. It sounds so cheap. So an expensive, what a bargain, what a steal, what a deal. Wrong. Because then when the work gets done, the price starts to climb and climb. And by the time they get through, breaking you over the cools, you've got to build that's bigger than your state of Florida. That's one reason why dry concepts is the choice to clean your carpet to smart the intelligent choice every time. Because they guarantee the price in writing before they touch a thing. When I say touch a thing, they not only do carpets. Don't forget a lot of you who do business with dry concepts. They also do great furniture cleaning, drapery cleaning, spot dye and color enhancement. Fiber protection carpet repairs in plant oriental rug service. The authorization even complete water damage restoration. And nobody does it like them. And nobody does it for you at a better price. Don't forget guaranteed written price before the start and quality work when they do it for you. Dry concepts in date call 93036-93036-93036 in Broward 5184-739-5188-838. 5184-739 and a West Palm Beach called Dry Concepts at 930-4739. 610 WIOD getting irritated yet. That's always been my query. We all know how Shannon Folkers courageous three hour half a day attempt to enter the sedate del ended at healthy. It hurts to quit. Oh, and I don't think I look good in the short scene. Good Shannon's story started two and a half years before Helwing. And now, ABC's presents, you can go to hell. I quit. The Shannon Folkers still. Up and out of Shannon time to work out. Let's go. Everyone in the Folkers hustle. New Shannon would have to be in tip top shape to complete the rigorous training at the sedate del. Dad, I can't eat any more. All of the battery can add there 12 or 20, where that one can't drop. Now, eat much. Learn how for the rigorous training. Shannon, we're going to have to break up. Let us send out things made just too much woman for me. If you ain't going to finish your prize, can I have? You can go to hell. I quit. The Shannon Folkers story. It's the movie that proves you don't have to succeed in life. You just have to sell your miserable life story to the networks. Sunday night on ABC's. 1118 at WIOD. By the way, if Kate Smith Jr is listening out there, you don't have to send me or any more male pornography. I've already seen enough, especially with phony names on it now. Okay. So what, you know, it's interesting. People had a bit writing to you, sending you the same crap for 20 years. Then all of a sudden you get an envelope. You see the way is just either writing on the envelope. You know who it's from. And now they're using new names. All right, baby. Whoever whatever you are, in addition to which you got crappy taste. Spoiled sports. All major sports fans blow hot and cold, but sound Florida fans just plain blow by Jeff Russ neck in excess. All right. Okay. Whatever you say. All right. I just move along. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'm Neil. My name is Tony. I'm calling from Miami. I hope that you'll allow me to say my point, even though I disagree with you. Yeah. I'll do a little about it. First of all, we have a, a crew of justice systems. That sucks. Yeah. All right. Well, I agree with that. But I did not create the infrastructure. The infrastructure was created. And we have to learn to accept it. What, what? Not, not what do we mean? We'd have to learn to accept it. Or, or change it. Yeah. We have to have to do one or, one or the other. Otherwise, we should just stay out of the fight in my opinion if we're not. Well, what do we mean, stay out of the fight? Well, we're going to complain about, complain about what the verdict is. I really believe that if the verdict went the other way. And if it was not three hours, it was just one hour of deliberation. I believe that people would have said justice was. And even though it was a one hour deliberation period, nobody would have complained about it. Yeah, well, why bring up a mood point. I mean, that's his conjecture. It didn't last only an hour. And they didn't come back with a guilty verdict. And under no circumstances, were they going to? But I'm saying, see, it's very hard to have a conversation about something you're Conjecturing as opposed to having a discussion about what really took place. Okay. Well, really took place. I mean, that was a verdict. And there was even though, I believe, I do believe that, so I think people who are going to be opposed to a person more than likely has done it. Yeah. So what's the point? If I was, I'm so we're supposed to celebrate the inefficiency of our system as at it. I don't think it's been celebrated at all. So what are you saying? I think people like myself and a lot of others are speaking out against the system. It doesn't work. The jury system is a farce. And we would like to see some people get upset enough to try to get some changes made. Okay. That part I can accept. If I can address the racial issue now. As far as the racial issue is concerned, I'm not so sure that this is a black and white situation. What your dream in? Well, I mean Nicole Brown did not. His name, you may or soul-rescent piece. Her name is not mentioned as much as Ron Goldman's name. I know Shapiro's having a lot of trouble. Your dream in? Shapiro's, if you're allowed me to finish. You know, but you're wrong about that. Well, I think as somebody said, Fred Goldman, the last caller mentioned something about being on Fred Goldman's jury panel. You know, he was going to go ahead and attack. Yeah. And he's gone. And he just disappeared. OK, he disappeared like magic. Open line a day. What do they get him or what? 7, 7, 5, 1, 9, 4, 6, 3. I think what he was trying to say, but I'm not really sure was like a black and Jewish issue. Is that what it is? Which don't get me started on that. Because when it comes to antisemitism, all of a sudden we want to start talking about Louis Ferrican again and how much any enormous percentage of black America embraces him and loves him. And Jesse Jackson and all his high-meatown comments, which all the apologies in the world don't cover up where he's coming from and what he's all about with this phony rainbow coalition and all his issues. See, I wish I could tell you the names of some really brilliant black leaders who could really help bring black America up and undo a lot of inequities and injustice. I can't give you a lot of names. I mentioned before a couple of people are respected in a mirror lot, Julian Bond and Barbara Jordan, OK? Couple of black politicians who I think were articulate, brilliant, forceful, dynamic, et cetera. But just like white America, there aren't a lot of leaders out there. And by the way, if you think Colin Powell is going to be a black leader, you're a German baby, because he's another real Uncle Tom. Make no mistake about that. And a BS artist and totally inept. And talks out of both sides of his ass. 1.22 a WIOD for the past 20 years. The pizza loss has been serving the best Italian American food anywhere in South Florida. That's a long time to be around, especially when you look like Jeff Cohen. And did you know that the same great food you find at pizza loss can be served at your party or picnic your office event? In fact, Jeff is busy catering a lot of young kipper parties today. That's right. He's got a sense of humor. Pizza loss can cater your event whether it's a big one or a little one. They brought some great food here to the station, just as George who always says, right after they leave. And they can do the same for you. Call pizza loss 26651 11, quite frankly, after Jeff leaves I always say right away. And make your arrangements. Still catered with like I said, whether it's big, whether it's small, whether they haven't even seen it yet. If you've never been to the pizza loss, man, you're going to love it. OK, the food is great. Everything fresh. They give you a big, big portion of great Italian food. Award-winning lasagna, man, a cottage spaghetti, big CD eggplant, Parmesan, fantastic pizzas, three different kinds all made by hand. No frozen crap, nothing artificial, just the best of money can buy. Pizza loss upstairs 69th and flagra just east of the Palmetto. 26651 11. As we continue to try to help everybody to just get along, once again Thursday morning shows going to be devoted to race issues. Who's better? Aloncer Jr. Dale Earned. I learned what, man. Aloncer Jr. Dale? Aloncer Dale? Aloncer, why are you all in the country? Lincoln said, six to 10 a.m. on the use talking entertainment radio, six 10 W-I-O-D. In 1971, we bid a tearful goodbye to the doors. Well, they're back in the 90s as the windows. Windows 95. Bill Gates computer hide. My crumputer just went down and I came this around with Windows 95. The windows. Their music isn't exactly poetry to the ears of computer users around the world. Yeah, good. Plicious, but with all how matters made me hey, come home, Bill Gates. This software is second race. The windows will bring high rock to your high drop. I'll do. I run you with the home memory. The apps, this lead me out to get it for free. The windows and the windows 95 tour feel free to crash. It's been a lot of time with us. What's the 26 W-I-O-D? We've been in a, how can I try to hear three and a half hours today on your own, Kippernol S, which I noticed by the way, a lot of Jews in the building all of a sudden, very observant. But anyway, I still have yet to have one person explained to me, especially a black collar. We've had a few, but a couple of main co-hearants, some fairly reasonable. But what was the celebrating about? What was the cheering in the incredible exuberance in psychotic react? What was that? See, I can't relate to it. I must be missing out on something because I'm not black. And I just, maybe you have to be black to understand it. I don't. I don't understand what it was that was one yesterday. Was it a victory for somebody? Was it a victory for justice? Was it a victory for black people? Was it a victory for, for what? Here is to question, hello. Hi, Neil Dickbatter up in the question. Yes, sir. I'm glad you just brought that up because that was I was calling about that dancing in the streets. You know, a point that's never brought up is to O.J. His own people aren't even good enough for him. The cold was white. His presently. I can't tell you the number of people who called during the last nine or ten months and said O.J. was an uncle Tom. Lot of people. Well, it's not a black place. His presently friend is white. In other words, the black ladies aren't good enough for him. Yet the blacks are dancing in the streets for the great idols. And idols who doesn't even think the black people are not poor. He certainly has never been a spokesman for black causes. He's never been involved to the best of my knowledge or any significant black charitable or a, you know, I mean, maybe I'm wrong, but I've read an awful lot these last nine or ten months. I don't see that he was any ever greatly involved. You know, he grew up in a ghetto himself. Thanks to the fact he was lucky enough to meet Willie Masons. He on kid Willie helped to get him out of the ghetto, get him and he was seeing and making him into a big superstar. Make all that money. But I don't see that he ever went back and spread it around. And he were in the inner city. And he was out there and Brentwood was all a multi-millionaires and almost no black people out there. He was in a leadist uncle Tom. Well, to me is, is here they are cheering for this chap who is there. Al, absolute hero. And he doesn't even think that they're good enough for him. Yeah, I don't. If I, and I was going to want to bring a fire OJ. Yeah. I would buy and wear it all times. Who bulletproof this? Okay. Thank you, sir. See you. Okay. Here's the man that's going to solve all the problems of America. Dennis, the man is. Hey, you doing new? What's up, Dennis? How the hanging? Pretty good. Don't take anything by those questions. Oh, sure. I'm just disgusted by all this. It's just... It's just... I've been up nauseated and revolted. Have you know what? I'm not going to waste my time. Any more worrying about 12 morons and a couple millionaires once them happen to be a murder. It's not worth my time. Yeah. So I'm moving on to bigger and better things. Which is hockey? All right. So how was the game on Friday? Game was pretty mediocre. We only stayed two periods in the left, but it's an exhibition game. You know, you didn't miss anything. Yeah, I did. You would have said your ass and was broken anyway and a damn well better be fixed by Sunday. Do one of my friend Frank broke. No, I didn't break it. Did I do? No. I took good line. No, that was quick. That was that's the seat that he said and do. Yeah. Well, that's what happened. Nice gone Frank. Yeah, right. Well, he's posh things. Looking pretty good. That's what he said. He's posh what's 60 some pounds. And he said, you're starting to look pretty good too, since he's been listening to the show, but I don't know what he meant by that. But anyway, so what's the deal? I don't have no extra tickets for that Calgary game, you know. What do you mean? You gave my seats away. No, no, see, what he graper. See, oh, it's he's not here. We go and I'm in trouble. What he graper bought six of the games for the season. I bought 35. He bought the other six or seven, whatever six games. I see. One of them, of course, is opening night. Now possibly tomorrow will check as there's nobody there all Jewish today. If we got like those extra four seats on the other side, then the other thing I'm going to use, I would imagine I can probably steal a couple of those for you. OK. Which I'll let you know tomorrow. OK, great. OK. Should I call them all of them? Yeah, that would be nice. OK. So how's everything going, huh? Pretty good. If Hop at O Park Friday night opens up. This Friday. Yeah. Hey. That'd be a good idea. So we got all kinds of possibilities to get together. Dennis, do you want to say? Yeah. Tiffany's in Atlanta right now. I have to pick her up near Port today. She had a couple of job interviews. Well, how long was she gone? Uh, couple of two days. She's gone Monday. And you're calling me today? What do you mean? She's been gone for two days. I had a window of opportunity. They're even bigger than OJs. Oh, well, sorry. I know the window's locked. OK, Dennis, talk to you tomorrow. OK, what to see? Open line and date, damn it. Open line and date 7519463. It's just, you know, it's one of those things. He's all right. It's good guy. Wait till he finds out he's going to sit on my lap Sunday. Here's, uh, Otella, Hassy. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? You better get ready, man. Yeah, I know. We're going to get blown up. It's going to be blown pretty hard in the hurricane, too. Hey, we're just trying to get ready for the game. And this storm comes. Are we in the game? Well, I don't think it's going to ruin the game. I think it's not going to blow the whole stadium away, is it? Hey, Mike. Be a good excuse. This is the only, somebody called before said the only hurricane that's going to roll in the town is the Opel. Hey, that's true. Yep. Anyway, you should have seen wind sticks. I mean, there's no beer left at any wind stick until he has to do. Now you're talking. And I bet you there's no pros that left at any of the pharmacies either. Ha ha. Um, I have a similar request. OK. How about a test of fuel? How are you going to hear it? Can I stand on the line? OK. All right. Ha ha. Well, how can you turn down a guide that's about ready to get the blown away? Ha ha. For me. I'm a little island full of gay romance. They wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants. Ha ha. So on Dren's top to bottom every day. Pleased with the miracle of being gay. The very best of packets in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big big way. The very best of packets in the USA. Giving big, big pleasure in a big big way. Just to feel the fact of America. OK. Still there. I'm here. You heard it? Yes. Thanks, Rob. No wait a minute. Yeah. Even better. I hear nothing. I see nothing. I know nothing. You might be getting out of town. Getting away from the hurricane going to Boise. Hang on a second, pal. OK. Hang on. Don't go away. Explain that to him. OK. I'm going to Boise with all those real light complexion people. Anyway, let's go to Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I'm OK. I'm hanging in there. You hit it right on the mark, man. As usual. You speak to truth, man. Yep. God has spoken. Yes. Just don't run for president though. No good. No, there's not enough money in it. Well, hey, Neil. You know what? I never got that tape. Never got what tape. The Adams Adams family thing. Well, today's only Wednesday. Well, you get to give it on Friday. George, what did you send those tapes out? The same day. He sent them out the same day. Never got it. You giving them right address? Yeah. Well, maybe you're mailman. Huh? Yeah, the mailman. Yeah, George. It's too bad. Nice. Very nice, George. Now, maybe the mailman wants to watch it a couple of times. They'll help out. Then he'll give it to you. By the way, Neil. Do you know what this is? Yeah, I know. OK. I'll 100. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Right. There you go. Yeah, what happened? Just keep looking for it, pal. No, but what happened? What happened with what? We, you know, cold. Hang on, tight Alex. OK. Are you going to call? You never know. I'll hopefully see you, pal. I think anything. Bye. Oh, my God. I'm being stalked. We have an open line of dates. 7519-463-751-WildD. You know, all things in time. You know what they said? Who said that? All things in time. In time. What will we was at in real quick? In time. Oh, that was in the exercises. Remember that? When he wanted it to open the drawer again? Do it again. That's what Father Kerosene did in time. Here is the Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. It says Hollywood here. You better look around or start to get older by the minute, man. It's Hollywood. It's called Spring, pal. Like I said, they're getting older by the second. Here's some for you. OJ Simpson, Kylfish wife, dudah, dudah, cut her open with a knife. Oh, dudah, dudah, dudah, cut her. It's called up Johnny Cochrane. Because he's a great dispenser in L.A. But if you got that, that's you can make your wife a test dispenser. All right. There we go. He'll pull it and he don't know it. We have an open line of Broward 5249-463-524WildD. 135 at Wildild. Let me tell you about a place that's really doing it. That's Lorenzo's Italian center in North Miami Beach. Or they continue to be amazed, shocked, astonished, and astounded at these phenomenal response to the Dr. Rattkins' diet foods. And Lorenzo's is going to continue to offer those great Dr. Rattkins' diet foods like the cheesecake, which I just had a little few morsels of, unbelievable. It is so good. It is incredible. Lorenzo's is now selling up to 1500 cheesecake so week, 1500 a week. Over 500 loaves of the basic protein bread. Over 200 pounds of the 50% less carbohydrates, soy feduccine, are being sold every week at Lorenzo's and it's growing like crazy. Lorenzo's is telling you these numbers because all this food wouldn't be sold if it weren't good. Lorenzo's is also selling lots of night-tried free hotdogs at 499 upon and coming soon a new night-tried free hotdog from New York. Now, which one did I just have George? We don't know, but it was damn good, whatever it was. It was great. There's also the night-tried free of eel brought worse at only 399 upon. The night-tried free bacon and lots more box-lice meats in the meat case. And if that's not enough, Lorenzo's newest surprise. Wait till you hear this. The doctor atkins' fudge will be available soon. They're going to be packin' into Lorenzo's for that. Lorenzo's also, it's all our first positive friends, meats, etc. Lorenzo's a tag in center, 16385 West-XE Highway, North Miami Beach. I hear nothing, I see nothing, I know nothing. That's the sound we'll use to register people for the next curious journey to the great Pacific Northwest and the new hometown of Detective Mark Furman. You may want to fade into the background, but we're not gonna let it. If you're on the air, when you hear this sound, I hear nothing, I see nothing, I know nothing. Congratulations. You're qualified for tragic trip number four. From news, talk and entertainment radio, 16WIOD. 16WIOD, double-click and reboot now. See if I would think I would play this at the beginning of the show but I wasn't thinking it until last time, but whatever about it, you call me. It's party time, baby. Let's go out of three. I feel the cold. Maybe dancing in a three-sweet baby, we don't know why, but somebody better explain it to me. I don't get it, I'm missing something. Here's a Hollywood on a purple line. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I don't know what all the bitchens about if you would listen to Johnny Kakkan's closing argument. Oh, okay, good days. Far our way to bed days. You know, you've admitted he was a wife, Peter, but hey, that was only three or four days out of his life. That's right. He could have bumped off a few more people. He'll be cruising about those things. I didn't do just come up with a new barometer for criminal justice. In other words, if a guy's a good guy, most of the time, for example, Hitler might not have been all I'd bad. You know, most of the time, he just had a few off moments. Yeah, right? Hey, I'm gonna go knock off a few myself and just, uh... We all have our bad days, right? Yeah, I don't need a charity thought. Council released two people. Right. All right. Okay, pal. See ya. There's our next great criminal defense attorney right there. He was having a bad day. He was pissed off. Okay, you know what I'm saying? You're gonna go to jail. Oh! Oh! You're gonna go to jail. You're gonna go to jail. You're gonna go to jail. Okay, let's party, baby. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let's put this as kind of an perspective. Okay. You're supposed to be judged by a group of your peers. Right. Now do you call that ghetto mentality? Of course not. Of course not. The last time I made an error, there was maybe like a run black person who lived about a mile away and Brent would that was it. Right, let me finish. You got to blame it. Hold the asshole. You got to bring this whole fiasco on the prosecution. The prosecution gave the defense the case. Right. How in the world could they put a moron like Furmanon? How in the world any law student will know. Don't ask the question if you don't have the answer. Well, imagine him getting up there and say, Does the glove fit? And you get this big guy standing up saying, Right. The glove doesn't fit. Especially when anybody any of the criminal you should have said, hey, listen to their blood's been on here for almost a year. They're gonna shrink a little bit. He can make it look really bad for you. So for all the people who are upset on the defense, you shouldn't be the prosecution did the most horses asked trial. They gave them a... And don't forget Furman asked to be taken off the LAPD. Remember that? He asked to be removed from the LAPD because he was having all these personal problems and conflicts that he knew he was a piece of crap. And they said, nah, you know, you're just a typical cop go ahead and, you know, beat up some people. I mean, up these Los Angeles morons, these police department, the jury system, who are here. You get this manendez who they say they killed their parents. Yeah. I mean, they killed their parents. Everybody would have seen it on TV. And they get a whole neighborhood. But when I got that new but you turn, they remembered that as young students they were abused by their father. It all came back to them. Of course. Something they had conveniently forgotten. I mean, how do you pick a jury? He should have been tried in Brentwood with a brilliant brain. Amen. Amen. How will they do it? How are you talking? So they get a get-o mentality. Right. They have nine people there who are, you were blackest panic and they have two whites. Yeah. And they let this guy. And the first vote in the jury, by the way, was tended to. Right. So how do you feel? No one could say that the defense should be accused. The defense was given the case. You and I could have got him off just by staying. I'll pass on that. Well, not my time. But you agree with me that the prosecution, the prosecution, the prosecution, the morom. Total absolute morom. Yeah. Amen. That's it. Okay. Thank you. Stay out of LA. You got it. See you. I would say if you've never been to LA, you don't ever go there. It is a horrendous, it is a grotesque. It is a disgusting place. It is filthy. It is crime-ridden. It is nauseating. It's... Oh. And used to be great. Used to be a hell of a place. What the hell happened? It's a toilet. Oh, it's bad. It is really bad. So stay out of LA. Believe me. I'm telling you, I'm begging you. Just get a satellite dish and watch KTLA. But stay away from Vince Gully. He'll kill you. Here's Boca, hello. Hi, Neil. I've never really been pissed off enough to call you before. I've been listening for years. Yes, sir? Basically, I'm disgusted to say that the rest of the people in this country are Americans with me. Anyone that says that they know, for a fact, whether. OJ is innocent or guilty. Yeah. To me is arrogant, egotistical, and extremely hypocritical. Meaning what? These people who are rejoicing on both sides, who's rejoicing on both sides? Who's rejoicing on the... We're rejoicing or crying. Like how any of you. I think, I mean, I find discussing that there are people who are rejoicing in the street for this. And I find that discussing that there are people in Brentwood crying as if this in some way, OJ is tied to them. They feel so emotionally tied to OJ. I find it disgusting. I think the only thing that affects you and me on this case is that, basically, OJ beat his wife. He's a jerk for doing that. Yeah. What is it like in here? I'm not going to be egotistical enough to say that I know whether he killed his wife or not. There's a lot of evidence on both sides. Yeah. And basically, we need to focus on the important things. No, what do we have all the people cheering for yesterday when he got away? I thought it was disgusting. I thought that was disgusting, but I think it's equally disgusting to have people crying and saying that this really affects them personally. It's what I've been saying all along. It's not going to affect anybody. Yes. I mean, people involved in it. But also, Neil, the one thing I'd like to say about what you've been saying is, let's just say, you're a celebrity. Let's just say, I'm in the mom. And your wife or husband or whatever does, does, does, to talk to us in some money. Oh, please, what is that? I'm not going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. I'm going to talk to you. On a one hand, he says, how arrogant everybody else is for a bleak. We've listened to all the evidence. Now, he wants to go through some hypothetical bull crap. But an idiot. What a bozo. What a jackass. Hypothetically. Hypothetically. Yeah, fill him a blank. Make up any story you want. Like, ugly baby. Oh, they thought they were getting fat. Resentic. It was a professional hit. It was a drug. Yeah, like they didn't know. Faith Resentic from Goddam and the cold brown Simpson. Who, by the way, did not live in the same house. Condor, whatever it had it was. And this guy will hypothetically. Oh, it's a, oh. You are one stupid mother, baby. I'll tell you. You are tougher than dust. But just for the sake of argument. Oh, no. I'm the world of your better. Get that bag off of there. Okay, what 40, 146. Ah, what do you think? I think the parrot did it. I don't say Chicago because that glass is still broken in the hotel sink. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hi, Neil. Hi. Happy New Year. And back to you. I'd like to last caller. I think, I think, he's the one who's been on the edge of the house, and I think he's been on the edge of the house. He's been ripping everybody else for making conclusions out of what we got driven into our ear for 9 or 10 months there. And now he's, well, hypothetically. Yeah, okay. It takes the most ridiculous aspect of it was a drug deal. Oh. That's why they left the glove behind. It's insane. All I need to say is that I think that they've convicted people with less evidence. They have. They have. And I think the problem goes down to this. There is no such thing as an impartial jury. every human being, and it's a very special jury. Everybody is driven by emotion when it comes down to it everyone sticks with their own kind. That's the way it is. And it's unfortunate because there is no such thing as a just a fair trial because people are not open minded. Now, I say with all the technology we have, available to is computer-wise cyber space, isn't there any type of way to put this format, this whole scenario into a computer, and just some- No. Not even like percentage-wise. No, you would it be more aware of the other? No. No. No. No. It couldn't be done. No. Professional jurors, okay? They've been doing an England for eight million years. Oh. Telling you. How can we do this? How can we go on? It isn't going to happen. It's not going to happen. You want to know why? Because all the people who make decisions are a lawyer is okay. They're all lawyers, almost all the politicians are lawyers. This is their game. This is their bullcraft that they set up. And they're going to perpetuate it. They're going to keep selling it and peddling it. As the great- and I had to laugh and listen to all these assholes on TV. All these commentators say, well, it's the greatest system on earth. Bullcraft. It blows the greatest system on earth. My ass. Judge by a jury of your peers. God forbid that any of you should ever have your life on the line with 12 morons from off the Goddam's street, including a lot of the people we're talking to here today. Well, hypothetically, you're wife. Well, I don't got no wife. How do you like that, pal? Okay. So that blows that out of the water. 148 at W.I.O.D. When you like the fireplace or barbecue, make sure you're lighting a delightful fire for me. It's the light and throw a Susan Smith right in the middle. Evenings Delights got over 60 models and the man does brothers to while you're at it. They've got over 60 models of barbecue, grills everything from gas to charcoal, even electric. Choose from brands like Fire Magic and Weber. Right now, you can get a 25,000 VTU grill for just a 129 bucks at evenings Delight. They also carry 5,000 different replacement parts by modern home products to help you get your grill back in top working condition. Evenings Delight is not Florida's premier store for martin fireplaces and right now, as I speak, you can get a martin fireplace installed for under 895 bucks. They can install it anywhere in the living room, the bedroom, even in your bathroom. And there's a full line of accessories like hallmark screens, Portland doors and ready built models too. Evenings Delight, their soft Florida's barbecue and fireplace specially store a mile south of day land on US one in Miami and a power line road between Oakland Park Boulevard and commercial in Fort Lauderdale.