Show me yours. I'll show you mine. I don't think so. News talking entertainment radio 610 Wild presents the Neil Rogers show to talk with Neil call 751 Wild in date 524 Wild in Broward. Outside the 305 area code it's toll free 1 800 944 Wild and say the one customers can call pound IOD at no charge. Now the Neil Rogers show on news talking entertainment radio 610 Wild. Hey Neil. This is Randy West and as per our phone conversation I talked to Peter North of the day. He tells me your real name is Neil Down and he's still an interested. The next day. Sometimes I wake up early now turn on my radio. I can't believe what's on me. Who is he? Am I turned to IOD? What that smell? It must be some crap for the weekend magazine. I remember not too long ago. Some guy in a red light. He used to play dead or alive. Then I think just my ear was closed. Got I made it for the show. You're having them though Larry just is good. More two years or so it seems. I'm so angry. I'm good stream about a show. Or we'll wait dreams and a friend's weekend magazine. You hear these guys careless Sunday morning. Go back to sleep yes you will. Now show could get me up you know. Her voice can do just that. I'd be early rising Saturday. Turn around in the show. Don't take a break. I'm gonna feel I want it down. I'm gonna scream wet my old weekend magazine. I'm gonna scream wet my old weekend magazine. Is that enough dead air? Okay 1009 and WOD. How are you doing on this great Tuesday morning? It's a beautiful day to be alive. How about those panthers? Uh oh bad news last night again. We just can't play overtime. And at big sweet that everybody was raving about. He sticks it in there. He shoots it in there. He shoots it's in the net man. He gets the third panther goal. The only problem is so far. He can't play the defense. He'll be alright. He'll be great. He's a world class player. That's what they keep telling us. But we just can't do it overtime. Wouldn't you think that a team that's so well known for Clutching grab and playing all the defense? Would you think that they could make make it through five minutes and get the puck out of their own And three games in one week losing overtime? And then how about that frog in air last night where you're watching a game? That's given Dave Lowry not one but two fingers. Yesterday was finger day first. We had OJ's finger. Everybody got to see his big finger. And then last night we got to see both fingers on a fat frog they're sitting up by the glass Given Dave Lowry the business. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes man. How are you? Great. I understand that you have a record that I've been looking for high and low. Lord, when we are fighting contest. Yes. How could I get a copy of that? I haven't got any idea unless do we know George that place in Tennessee went out of business? Where are they selling that the new one? One that's on a CD or something? We don't know. Somebody had sent me a catalog like months ago. Yeah. If I've got Johnson Smith thing. Yeah that catalog that's got all those novelty items and now guys in there. Have you got it? George will give it to you off the air. Oh great. Thanks so much. You bet. Hang on. Okay. Okay. She's on one. Give her that thing. Yeah they got it. Although I don't know. Didn't somebody say they tried to get it from there. Well she'll have to find out for herself. W-O-D. Neil? Yes. How are you doing? Okay. You took my my steam away. I was calling to talk to you about the guy the frog last night that went to the Brian Cox School of Communication. Yeah, but he went to two classes not his one. That that looks like me. I yesterday when I was up on the TV when a Papuken was on. They are the most classless the most crude the most disgusting obnoxious people. Not just the French Canadians the French in general. They are just obnoxious in this guy. You know, I mean to be honest with it, there really wasn't much of a thing anyway. I noticed that Hall of Famer and if Paul Kennedy keeps saying Hall of Famer anymore, I'm going to get a hitman for him. But anyway, I noticed that the Dinees poppin kept trying to make a deal there that was a hitman. He never even hit Larry. I don't know what that will happen. Maybe Larry crashed into the boards and he fell down like stunner. Maybe he was put on an act, which is more likely that's what Rumors said. There was nothing to happen there. Hotband was warm press with the guy with the fingers. He said he was, uh, and then he thought he was emotionally. I thought they were going to the commercial they thought they were off the air. He said, oh, he still do they're going to keep the shot on keep it on. Yeah, nice going Denise. You jackass. He's an idiot. Yes. And in closing Aaron Summers, what an a. Okay. See ya. 12 past 10 at Wild George. 12 past 10 at Wild. 12 past 10 at Wild. So hard. 10 Wild. Better than a good beer buzz in the morning. Hello. Ha ha. Hi. It's P. We Herman. Take it from me. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Ha ha. Hello. You have reached the residents of Mr. Willie Nelson. Here is Mr. Nelson's schedule for today. 845. Go through laundry hamper looking for something to wear today. 9 a.m. wash face com hair dust beard with flea and tick powder. 915 page boy or ponytail. 930 roll bandana roll joint roll old lady. 1020 organized payout around up with ranch hands. 1040 have smoke with the boys breaking to somewhere over the rainbow for no apparent reason. 1105 call MCI have IRS taken off friends and family circle. 12 noon ask cook for some of his special brownies. First in the soundtrack from the entail. 130 get munchies. 2015 thymaster. 330 voice lessons with B. Arthur. 410. Join moon shiners for a little farm aid. 530 prepare for tonight's concert. 1017. 1017. WOD. Anyway, we got something here. This is the way to get these people gone. It's free baby. Here we go again. I made up my mind after I left here yesterday because Rick was telling me that yesterday was one of the worst days in the history of their show. So why should I expect it any different? I heard yesterday afternoon even with Margaret on a phone just a pleading and excoriating and a just don't do any good because they're dead. But anyway, here's thanks to my good close personal friend Jeff Moss at the Panthers. JJ Kelly's charter bus presents the Panthers expressed the Tampa and that's a week from this Sunday. That's the Panthers and a lightning and he get a chance to get on at bus and go to Tampa. What more can anybody want the net? Who wants to go to Vegas? Who wants to go to Europe? Who wants to go to hell when you can go to Tampa? And I understand by the way that the big concert Tom's that they're involved in over there is the thing about the devil race. Even the American family association are good close personal friends who think that all of us should burn in hell and will probably meet them there anyway and they'll find out. They're obsessed now with the goddamn devil race and they're like fighting that as the new name of the baseball. See only Tampa Bay only those those pickers over there could screw this thing up. They've been screaming and crying. Now we got screwed it was the white socks and then it was Seattle. Everybody was going to give them a baseball team and it never happened. And then we got the marlins and then they really got porked off. Of course they at least given credit for wanting. They knew it was Wayne was an asshole before we figured it out. But nonetheless now they finally get a baseball team just at the time when there is no more major league baseball. Hey, let's expand. Okay Phoenix and Tampa. There's two great towns. You got a baseball team. So I have no idea who comes up with these names where where how does that process work? Does the owner like sit down some day on an acid trip to Ziedrapper couple of sugar cubes and say okay, let me come up with a name and come up with some asshole thing. I would assume I have no idea how that works but nonetheless they came up with two choices. The devil race or the manter race both of which suck. But I'm really praying now. I don't know what the latest is on it, but I'm praying that they do stick with the devil race because all the good born again Chris Jones over there on the west coast are apoplective to devil. Oh my god, it's the work of the devil. Next we're going to have six, six on every jockstrap. They're going to be looking at everybody's pants just to make sure it was been naughty and nice. So they're like all worked up about that. But anyway, getting back to this, Panthers expressed the Tampa April 2nd of Panthers in the lightning fifty nine bucks per person for the trip for the bus and the tickets I assume right right. The price includes round trip luxury bus transportation with rest room and VCR. Game ticket free sodas available on the bus spaces limited minimum of 35 persons to go. What does that mean? Can you explain to me why they do everything in like shorthand? Like I'm supposed to understand this. God, Jeff, you're an idiot. It leaves nine a.m. in a morning from the dear field Boca Hilton and then nine thirty in a morning from the Sheraton design center. Lunch and rest up on the way. Two thirty again. I don't get that. Two thirty and a half noon arrives in the Tampa Bay Thunder dome. Three thirty is game time to part the thundered home fifty minutes after end of the game. So there's a way to blow a whole day a week from Sunday and it's fifty nine bucks per person and doesn't say anything about it on here where you are content. Which we don't really care because all we're reading this for us because we got a couple of give away. Right, we got two tickets which includes your bus trip and two tickets to the lightning Panther game a week from Sunday. And free sodas on the bus can't go wrong with that. So that's good. They might if you're really nice to them. They might along the way. I don't know which route they're going to take but they might stop at seven old bingo or something like that. Because they got all those Indians out there on the alligator rally. So you probably have a great time. We'll give those away to somebody who asks just the right way that today between now and the soon or maybe not so soon. We'll figure it out. Also speaking trips don't forget our Vegas trip. I wonder how we're doing on that. You think we might get some information and update on that one of these days soon. You never know. Anyway, Bob Lincoln if you have any questions if you want to sign up for our trip to Vegas on June 15th. Three days three nights at the Imperial Palace Hotel of Casino where we went last year was fantastic. They treated as great. It's right in the middle of the strip. Just called Bob Lincoln 947 6050 947 6050 and day toll free from outside a date. It's 1 800 233 72 64. It's 489 bucks per person round trip that includes direct the nonstop flight for Lutterdale de Vegas. Transverse 3 nights at the Imperial Palace. Welcome cocktail party. Epirus breakfast buffet legends of concert show admission to went Ticato collection. You're going to plan your brains have a great time. Call Bob Lincoln today. Get the honey tune. Okay. 1025. At W. W. I did. I'm just the past this long. Bob Lincoln just called George said there's only 10. Ten seats left. It's only the 21st of March. There are only 10 seats left on the first plane. Okay. Let me give you that Vegas thing again. We're going to get two planes. The first one leaves at 630 in evening. So four and a half 11 get there to Vegas. Late 8 o'clock maybe earlier than that. And the second one is for people who like to work late or just slow getting their act together like people come to the ball games. And that one's going to leave at 930 at night. So there's only 10 seats left on the first plane, which means we have 150 people solid signed up for that one. And if you want to sign up if you want to get on at earlier plane, you better call them like now today or forget it. And the second plane leaves at 930, which will be just as great. Just to get there what one 10 or 11 o'clock in night. Vegas time. So it should be great even though I don't have all those great connections out there in Vegas like certain fat cow and town is God. But at least we'll be standing at a great place right in the middle of the strip and having the same beautiful time we had last year without all the tourists to go along with it. And what did Jeff Moss just tell you about that on the are you going to give me the info? Because the thing I'm a little bit concerned about it says minimum of 35 persons to go. In other words, after I assume what that means is they got to get. But is that right? They have to get 35 people sign up in order for this thing to fly? Is he pretty confident? Okay. Because I don't want to give something away and then find out that Jeff Moss is yanking my chain and the bus ain't going to go at all. That would be like fraud on his part. But not on our part because we don't have to have him to go drive you up person. I'm not going. Oh, he'll drive them up. I wouldn't waste that on this audience. Have to go up there. Listen, the him probably take his brother along too. So anyway, here's the toll free number. If you want to pay for it, course. I don't imagine too many people are going to call do they find out who we give it away to. But if you want to go on at the Panthers expressed a tempo week from Sunday. See a great hockey game and go over and see. Well, there's nothing to see except the thunder. Don't let's all you'll see because the good part of it is you get out right after the game. You come back. You don't have to hang around in that time. 1-800-395-5287. Here's a Pembroke Pines. Hello. I told you the Panthers sucked without the Weasers. Yeah. Yeah. If it's Patrick did play crappy last night. How come you could have a conversation Sir? Are you too much of a butt plug to have a conversation? Or was that you're agreed in a new way? Yeah. Oh, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You're just a senior. Are you too much of a butt plug to have a conversation? Or was that you're agreed a material. Okay? Because it laid a big egg on this show. To open lines they're both in Broward 5249463524. We have no interest in your hockey game in Michael Jordan in Ed Pope. In anything no matter what the hell it is. I'd like that. Because we're in Broward. Here's a Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes. I got a couple of picture ports out there. Okay. Yeah. One going 90's fine. And then there's a couple of stray little piggys out of the sky going up on toward the FIU area when you're at 135. It's 101. You know, pick this bug and a bumper. So that was your public service now. Thank you so much. Have a great life. We have an open line of day 751-9463751-WIOD. By the way, we've had a set to record straight for the hero. Because most of the people don't read the set to record straight column. And I just noticed this today. It was so important. It says because of incorrect information supply by the South Miami Middle Community School. Some sections of Sunday's neighbors reported that Harry Wayne Casey of Gacy and the Sunshine Band would be in a talent show at the school on Wednesday. Casey will not appear. CLIB. What is that, George? E-E-E-E-E. CLIB. You don't know? CLIB. We'd be doing it. And also do an editing error. Now, here's an important thing. I want you to take a very close note of doodone editing error. A story in Monday's Harold. In correctly said that Cuban rights activist, E-Loi Goodier is Manoyo. Join his wife, Gladys Goodier is Manoyo. Enter three children on a trip to Havana Sunday. He remained behind in Miami. He had to get him or something like that. But don't do that. That would be bad. That would be wrong. And that would be wrong. Also, I got a facts here that evidently, they left behind from Erin Show last night. From a hermaphrodite. Who's name, I will not read on here. And I'm sure it's the thing is not for real anyway. You probably wouldn't look it out of her box. I don't get anywhere near her box. Okay. The last thing in the world that I would be a close-to is Erin's box. And made me as straight as an arrow. The last thing I would come even close to under any circumstances would be that lovely bitches box. I got you there. Here's the lady mobile and poppin'o. Hi, me, El. Yes, man. I'm going to get a phone call from a friend who's going to tell me I've become a chronic. Really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just keep calling. I don't need to know what. What are we talking about? I want to ask for a hockey ticket. What are we talking about? I'll talk about just so that I can get a chance to see if you want to get my kid a birthday present. I'm going to send him to Tampa. Now, let's go back and review this again. Somebody called you. Yes. You weren't even listening. You weren't listening. I know. I just turned it on. I'm going to be relentless in brutal. We have an open line in Broward 5249. I'm going to be relentless in brutal. More so than usual with these today after what you folks did to all of us yesterday. These Mondays, man. I'm taking off on Monday. I'm going to go out and play golf with some important people on Mondays. I'm not coming in this place. I'll tell you that right now. And I'll also tell you for public record. Nobody. I said it yesterday and evidently it didn't get through to the right people. Nobody is messing with the material that is played on the year on his show. Unless it's questionable in terms of FCC. That's it. That's the only area in which anybody else is going to make any judgments about stuff. That's played on this show between 10 and 2. Period. End of conversation. That's it. And if Larry justice is too thin skin to have fun poked at him. If Aaron Summers is too goddamn thin skin. I got you down. Like everybody else in his place does all the time. That it's too bad. Then they ought to find another line of endeavor. Okay. It's just a goddamn radio show. But oh everybody is so sensitive now. Everybody is up tight. I don't think everybody's up tight. I think just basically one guy's up tight. One guy. Here's a lady mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, man. Absolutely nobody to listen to on the radio at night. Not on any station. You're not putting it in. Aaron's suck. Yeah. Well that's her man claim to fame. I think. Hey, since Randy left that's the end. Nobody at night. Yeah. And W.I.I.I.I.D. In my book obviously doesn't care. Especially losing the women at night. We lost a women at night. We don't have any women listening to this station. We got like minus six. We owe six women the latest trend. Well I don't care for her. If we could find six women and turn their radios on, then we'd be even. We'd be able to be a washout. Well people I talk to. We're Randy now. She's still up in Palm Beach. She's still at J.N.O. She's doing it. I don't know what to deal is though. I guess to be dealt filled in for her last week. I would assume that she was on vacation. And she's back this week. It would be any chance her ever come in back. No. Why would she come back here? She told him to stick it. She high-tailed it on here. She told him to stick it. Yeah. We have an open line in day. Open line in day. Not in the night in Broward. Five to four nine four six three five two four. It's free. We wanted. Where's the Panther Patrol? How come we're not getting some good conversation about that. The Swenson. Magnus Vincent lives the new squad. He shoots his cars. What a goal. My Magnus, but he can't play defense yet. Because he's got to get familiar with the N.A. He's a good guy. Oh, my Magnus, but he can't play defense. But he can't play defense yet because he's got to get from anywhere the NHL and with how to spear guys in the gut like a good sweet Nor you know like old Samuel's in those really good Swedes know how to do he's got to get to lay at the land on plain a little bit of defense But that guy that called before his right fitsy did not play did not distinguish himself last night But nonetheless I mean when you're in sudden death over time and you've outplayed the great Quebec Nordique right on their home I see you got the frogs booing and flipping the bird everybody in frustration and exasperation and then you just Up and sitting there just don't blow it please don't blow it play out and they blew it Gonna don't do it to late. It's in the net Very disconcerting and look at that we have an open line in Broward. I can't pull it. Can you believe that? That is truly frightening to me to a I just can't even I'm speechless five two four nine four six three by the way CNN showed their latest poll the question they asked Is there is there a chance is there a chance that that The charges against OJ might be true. That was the way they phrased the question. Is there a chance that they might be true? Okay 66% of the white people in the poll said yes They said yeah might be true 24% of the African-American people who were pulled said yes That means 76% of the African-American people who were surveyed in this poll said there is no chance that he might be guilty Kill them coal. How do you like that then they also asked did you think that detective Mark Furman planted the bloody glove Okay, did detective Furman plant the bloody glove is it a setup? 18% of the white respondents said yes 58% of the black response and said yes So thank God that this ain't turning into a racial thing anyway I mean how is it possible really so blind to the truth? I mean is it really that possible to be that stupid to say that there is no chance that there is no chance that there is no chance that the charges might be true They got his blood. They got the a knife cut on his finger. They got the the most stupid Allabies the most ridiculous lacking credibility defense witnesses all of whom are laughing stock He was sleeping. He was taken a nap. He was playing golf. He was batting it around He was here. He was there. He was out there on a highway in a bronco with $10,000 in a passport 76% of the African-American respondents in his poll said there is no chance that the charges might be true The turn of juice loose And the 34% of the white respondents who said there's no chance 20% of them go to plantation high They were in here that morning couple of weeks ago Good group but very slow 1036 at WIOD The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers on WIOD you're not necessarily those of this station or it sponsors All WIOD programs are copyrights 1995 by WIOD Incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior ripping consent Don't be in the stain and I would jump in front of a bullet from the coal Hey Susan, I didn't expect it Hey, your butt smells great Is that Pope Rain your pants? No silly. It's red dog perfume the new canine fragrance from red dog brewery Wow, what a great scent Hey mister come here you gotta smell my friends ass. Okay Go it's like a summer's breeze. Are you busy this weekend? All right, who's next? Thanks red dog Down boy red dog perfume strong enough for a bitch, but made for a woman available Let me nails dealers and bits or us 1040 2011 a WIOD we got now what's a deal did the van Adder finish up yesterday or what because I hate to admit it, but I didn't really watch any more of it at home Did van Adder a he'd do he be done or is he coming back again for some more with Bobby Shapiro? We don't know well we'll find out because they can't be that far away can it? Oh Shades of yesterday show all over again somebody on the a purple line dropped off so if you want those hockey tickets We might give him away to somebody on cellular one, but I doubt it pound IOD here's a mobile and palm beach hello Yes, sir. Oh pretty good game last night. Wait. I thought we played a damn good game last time Passing you know for a team that's not too fast. We look pretty fast last. Yeah, we you know They finally decided to play some offense this past week and even though we keep blowing these games at overtime We're scoring some goals Billy Lindsay starting to look pretty good. They're sticking to puck in the net Jason Goli is awesome. He's playing great He had one tremendous scoring chance. I remember that he went right in on the rush there with I forget who was with and he had a tremendous shot a good scoring chance This team is starting to fall into shape now the only problem is delusional game Illusion all the ties, you know we're not pulling I mean Yes, but you know even if you have a tie it just we we came in hang in there for a tie That's three points. We've flushed down the toilet this past week three good games especially the game against the flyers in a game Last night played really outstanding and even Buffalo we outplayed a my thought two to one and that came We are played a back and we at three points down the toilet keep that in mind when it comes play off time If we missed out again like we did last year by one or two points into the playoff situation if we would have those ties Yep, also what it's talking about and how about those kind of the ends man Eight to four the flyers kick their ass Once again they beat him seven nothing the time before they didn't match you all and now they beat him eight to four as the La Clare and Renberg and Libro slang goes crazy again Not totally nuts. Yeah, I wanted to talk about The senior citizens drivers About that action over on the cause way to get a night. Yes. Did you read about that? No Oh head on collision the guys on the on the causeway on the wrong side Oh right head on in the so to four cars how was your 110? Do you know me drivers support has over the age of 90 2 million 40,000 Licensed drivers over the age of 90. Oh, that's right. Yeah, they're also The reason isn't this the decade of the 90s the age not the yeah, well, they did it They did it like some kind of thing on the news yesterday about State counties and cars stuff and you know obviously teenagers are the number one But senior citizens are number two and since they only drive You know point four hours a week that puts them right up at the top their dangerous deal Totally dangerous okay go get him pal. Hey. Yeah, open line in day in 7519463 What are you smiling about George you said hey, I said hey see an open line in day 751 Wild What in Broward 5249463 on a really neat Tuesday man. This is the way we like to toy with the audience just to play with it Speaking of that here's a fact that was left in here on the table. It says hello Aaron. I am a hermaphra Now first of all says I'm hermaphra did it Am I pronouncing that correctly? I am a hermaphra died it diedy Dip what is it? I'm wearing some dites I'm hermaphra didic and I like to have sex with myself quite frankly sometimes while I am in the process It gets stuck if you know what I mean I Know that this probably sounds like a joke, but it is true. I don't know where else to turn I'm too embarrassed to talk to any sexual therapists or doctors about the situation No one knows except for my immediate family and my best friend I would be eternally grateful if you would address this topic over the year between 10 and 11 p.m. tonight Thank you so very much. I have no one else to turn to desperately yours and it is signed with the name, but it forget that PS I would call you myself, but I am too embarrassed to actually speak to you A hermaphra died. Now what's the easiest advice you can give to him right go uh if yourself I guess would be it. I'll always have a little problem there So we're getting some people who are like bringing out their deepest darkest. They're slinging it out They're dragging it out and that's a really good thing. That's what we don't want to do is get their inner Problems and work it out Let's do boca. Hello No, yes, hey, how you doing today? Pretty good sir. Hey, listen. I got a good question for our work at a gas station here Yeah, if the frogs can reproduce in space. Why can't they work to go at damp pumps? Very good point. I don't know. Yeah. I can't figure it out. I still think space is the best place form to reproduce I think the space is the best place for you. Anybody who wants that game life's night and saw the Aberrant behavior of those frogs in Quebec all through my point. Oh my god. Hey, listen. We were talking the other day about Pucks going straight through the net Was watching a game it was either two or three days ago and sure enough the guys slapped a shot ripped right through the net right? Right kept going. Yeah, hold nine yards Hey, listen. What do you mean play kept going? They kept playing you know because they didn't know if the bucket actually gone in what game was that? I can't remember now. I can't remember for the life of me and But the play went on and went on and then after they you know because everybody knew what had happened What they couldn't tell then they pulled the clock back they gave them the goal and they had a penalty after the play and the penalty stood also That the puck did that was the Pittsburgh game. That's right. Puck didn't go through the net. Yeah, it did it Right through the net. No, it did not. I saw the guy watch the whole game Well, maybe it was a different game than because the rest was a client Tying the net after the after the play. Oh, I saw that too. That was in That was in the bro's new jersey game. I think I saw the time the back of the twine Yeah, I didn't I didn't see that goal. Oh, the Pittsburgh game that that's another one that the there was about six and a half minutes left and auto a scored And the red light never came on and the referee didn't call it a goal and they had a reap today Do the video replay like about three minutes later and sure enough to puck did cross over line and then reggae it like yanked it back out of there But it was a goal and then they had to go back to the point where it was Instead of three and a half minutes left. It was back to six and I've been a slip and Steven still got the penalty for Pittsburgh And a high-m Sunday. Oh, St. Louis and Annaheim somebody called said that was to gain the puck went through the net That was it. Yeah, hey, listen. I was one I came for it too, but St. Louis got beat by the Kings last night Five three. I thought I mentioned that for late score. Yes My girlfriend and I would love to go to Tampa and they would he say please? What do I say what can we go to Tampa? I never say please We have an open line in Brown. I said sometimes I say may I open line in Brown or at 5249463 one on the green line 1 800 9 If he would have known the right game I'd have sent their ass right over there to Tampa He's given me a song in a dance see if you'd have pulled if you'd have been a good liar if you just said I think it was in the Ottawa or now I would have been Ottawa. It was in the Quebec somebody game But I was watching a Pittsburgh out of what game you should have known that So I knew you were wrong immediately if not sooner because Doug McCloud told me and why was Doug McCloud doing that game again on television And Mike Lang doing it on radio but quite frankly Doug McCloud ain't that bad I don't want to say that he's better than someone else who's I can think of like Chris Moore, but 1047 a Wild Wild Once wrong with a little cheap talk among friends. Hey, baby. I'm gonna use you as a sex toy and now Here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest just in time for Fred Rogers birthday Millions of children grew up watching mr. Rogers neighborhood But few saw the misguided attempt to spin the series off into a prime time show as this lost pilot episode shows Hello boys and girls and welcome to mr. Rogers neighborhood watch Let's take a stroll and see if everything's okay Wait a minute. There's someone stalking in the bushes outside Mrs. McCloud he is bedroom window Hello their neighbor. Uh, hi say you're not wearing any pants are you a pervert? Uh, yes, yes, I am this is a pervert boys and girls I've had looks awfully comfy. Would you mind if I start my pants off too? I guess not oh that's real nice and breezy isn't it? Let's all take our pants off boys and girls so what do you doing here in the bushes? Well, I was I was peeking in this window here. See anything interesting. Well, I some ladies take an offer close I'm scooting over so I can take a look see my dad By that's Mrs. McCloud she's got some great big all hooters doesn't she can you say that hooters Ooters very good. Uh, look if you don't mind I'm gonna put my pants back I'll be on my way. Are you sure night still young? Yeah, I'm pretty sure I'll see you around Well boys and girls wasn't that interesting We met a real high-pervert Be sure to come back for next week's neighborhood watch when we'll go down to the docs and take off our pants and front of some sailors The lost pilot episode of Mr. Rogers neighborhood watch entitled can you say canceled? Can be yours for just 1995 in local video stores video treasure chest we've got rooms to this crap Okay 1053 a WOD on a really interesting Tuesday. It's developing into a really psychotic day and there's a green line a passion line That's not lit. Let's do a lake worth hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you sir? Okay? You know we talking about how the crowds and the sporting events really are Apathetic as watching the bulls game on Sunday with Michael Jordan's reappearance. Yeah, it was it had like some gigantic a 35 sure 36 year stuff Like that it was like a sell out the arena 16,000 and It did go into overtime and I was watching it lost. Yeah, well, but as the camera went down to the end People were just streaming out with two and three minutes left and it was a tie ball game And this is like the big game of Michael Jordan coming back ridiculous also what does that mean? Just you know people don't care that is it they want to get out of the far maybe those people are all planning and moving to Florida That's what we do it here. They want to get out to the parking lot right and get there a lot of there. I can't blame them Once the fight all that stupid traffic anyway Yeah, but you can at least say it for a game like that you'd at least say and see how it ends Well, that's sports fans in America. They're losing interest fans. They realize that they've been had they've been ripped off and Just they're getting tired of it and what we have appear in Palm Beach County, of course is the the blaze Who is a good team there if for a minor league or whatever they are they are a pretty good team and you know the West Palm Monitoring what is it like four or five thousand seats? They can't put two thousand in there When they're playing another you know like one that I think is supposed to be another really good team and We went a couple weeks ago and It's like maybe maybe two thousand people at the very most in there and it's like six and eight dollar seats Yeah, and they can't even fill that what are you complaining about in hardfords got a national hockey league team They do like seven eight thousand people a game and about a thousand of those never show up anyway It's unbelievable even still worried how you want in hardford by a two dollar seat and sit right there on the glass And I got an old spire report for you. Yes, remember when you were in the Plantation fashion mall with the Center one thing sure do and Matt was standing over George and his wife had Matt pinned against the glass They had him pinned right up against the wall you remember that and George his wife keeps calling your every day Saying what is it what we're good at the matter I know I was in I Nobody ever gave you the full story and that I was in here shot of the whole conversation Yeah, and Matt was showing a lot of interest in like wanted to be a trainee or a board-up trainee He just was showing a lot of interest in being this I'll give him some training in this studio and yeah No George was George was directing in the right way. Tell him to you know So we're the hell is he I don't know but I I've heard you like say the George is trying to scoop him and He was the George is trying to help you out. I'm sure of it George is George was interfering on behalf of his wife okay. You don't ever kid yourself He's not trying to get anybody in here that I might just sit and look at you know And if that's the case. Where is he? I don't know where is Matt? He was Kevin with a maple leafo The Felix pot fan jersey Where is Stephen from plantation? We're all these fine specimens of the human race. They're all gone It's all just life is just a big tease. That's all and Have a great day We have an open line in day seven five one the green lines the passion lines But it's a good thing he did call remind me about Matt because when we need to have our 85 Interence for the summer here hang it around and uh getting School credit for just hanging around here and eating a lot of free food Matt certainly is the top of our list isn't a George If you say so Don't don't give me that crap okay You're wife might actually put that tongue away for a couple of days if you brought Matt in I love that tongue yeah bet so to she here's Hollywood hello First time call or a real great I always see you talking about guard stick park and my brothers are valedir really yeah must not be too busy Yeah, they are going back real quick. Oh, that's sad. It's such a beauty if you ever been there of course What a beautiful track yeah, and they're dying over there. Yeah, they are how come you prefer harness race in the thorough bread racing? I always have I just to me it's more exciting There's not all this long long time in between races. I mean you you have to take a pillow when you go to the third grade You could take a nap Seriously, it's just too much time in between right and then they run for a minute and 10 seconds and guess what you had another half hour Let me ask you another thing if all the drivers were black and harness racing, would you still follow it? No, no You know that's an interesting question If all the drivers were black, would I still go to the to the track? Probably I guess so and there is a white team in the NBA that's good. They're probably when the championship is here to Phoenix sunset They start three white guys a lot of times they start three white guys. Yeah, and they're more the second best player in the team Yeah, but they're big freaky guys though. They all the guys the NBA looked like they're from outer outer space or something I just I think there's nothing to look at for you Oh, that's true. Let's see that now you're getting out of it if we had some Latin guys on there Then I would start watching the NBA now you got it Those Latin guys are too short. That's the problem You guys are gonna have to start eating your vitamins baby and a lot of cereal or something because you're too short Okay, so it's even grow it a little all right. It's a great day, pal. Yeah, he's got a good point there I know it now. Why is that? Do do do do do do do the heat have like a lot of Latins that I bet they do Now the Panthers we got some I wouldn't say we have a tremendous Latin crowd at the Panther game some Thanks to me mostly the ones who are in a closet pretend they don't listen to the show But they really do and they discovered hockey is great and they have a lot of fights and they like that But as far as Latins at basketball games maybe we're here from somebody goes to the heat game all the way Did ask a heat question yesterday no matter what I asked yesterday might as well been talking to myself But that would be interesting to find out if there's a lot of spik I mean Latins who come to the heat games Because I still hear that man they are in a coma and what's all this business about we had another call on Rick and said this morning About women using the man's restroom at the arena. What is that all about scored score God? Yes Because the lines are jet now. Let's face it. Okay. Just haven't think about it Let's say there's 14,000 people in their on-e average which is you know give or take I would say of the 14,000 10,000 would be male okay 4,000 women guys bring their girlfriends their wives then there's Ellen and Jeannie and of course though they hang out in the man's room I know that those two and to same with the blade runner girl in janit they hang out in the man's room The hang out in the showers downstairs But so if there's 4,000 women now is there a lack of the number of women's rooms? Why does this seem to be the big problem at every sports facility for years? They all bitched about the orange bull Not enough places to go pee not enough foot toilets the toilets were look like a toilet They smell like a toilet and now every now we got the same thing at the arena There are women because in between periods if you wait to go take a leak And I always if there's like about a minute and a half two minutes left and I got a really go I make a run and there's no problem But if you wait until the end of the period man they're lined up 20 30 deep at the urinal And there's a few guys in there too Hey Goldberg eat your heart out You talk an entertainment radio 610 Wiod my Emmy Fort Lauderdale Gordon gives out Florida a major blowjob Florida sucks News talking entertainment radio 610 Wiod presents the Neil Rogers show God talk with Neil call 751 Wiod in date 524 Wiod in Broward Outside the 305 area code it's toll free 1 84944 Wiod And so you know one customer is called pound iod at no charge now the Neil Rogers show a news talking entertainment radio 16 Wiod hey and how it how it's been Are impartial Oh Jay, we're now too cute, her Oh Jay, we're now too cute, her That night One day the jury's got us at three o'clock For all we know he's gonna head your way Oh yes, we're now too cute It's true, oh Jay is gonna come after you And that he'll get away with that one too Oh yes, oh Jay's gonna get you Oh Jay's gonna get you, oh Jay's gonna get you Oh Jay's gonna get you, oh Jay's gonna get you Oh Jay's gonna get you, oh Jay's gonna get you One night Oh Jay, oh Jay, oh Jay, oh Jay, oh Jay You can't let go of you, oh Jay, oh Jay Oh Jay, oh Jay, you can't let go of you, oh I can't let go of you Oh Jay, oh Jay's gonna get you Oh Jay's gonna get you, oh Jay's gonna get you Oh Jay's gonna get you Okay, 11 away to WOD. We'll be O.J. and a little bit later on today. By the way, bad news for O.J. fans Friday, no juice. No court on Friday. Yesterday, judges got like a golf game or something going on. No court on Friday. Here's a mobile in Daniel. Hello. Nail. Yes, sir. First time caller. All right. Hey, my name is Burke. Yes, Burke. Uh, common merch to the best talk show host on the damn radio, man. You're the best. I am. Listen to you, sir. 91. I'm a stuntman and I was doing a movie. They're a stuntman. Yeah. And I was doing underlies of Black Jack Savage. It's Miami. And I want to compliment you on all your commentary on the Persian war. I loved it. Every time all of us, we listened to you constantly. All the stunt guys on the show. Well, we were pretty good at the golf war too. I thought we were kind of on top of that one too. Yeah, but I'm living down the keys now. And I've listened to you every time I get up this way. And I've never tried calling. And it's a pleasure. Well, thanks a pile. Most compliments. And you have a great day. I shall. See you. Bye. Yeah. And it was also good. Well, we covered that little contra Thompson salon. I was pretty accurate on top of that. We have an open line in date. 75. There is no more salon. Anybody know where Sri Lankas? What is wrong with it? You know, something I could go off on a tear. But I won't do it because even in the old days when I was on KAT. I remember Lynn Russell got to be the PD because Sid Levine took a shine. She had a nice ass or something like that. So he made her the program director after well. So anyway, she became the PD and one I went there one day and said, And I thought I was asking because I don't ask program directors even go back way back then. I was making $225 a week. I did an ask them permission for what material I was going to do on the show. That's like kindergarten. Okay. That only program directors were on some kind of a psychotic power trip. Get into things like that. You know, I mean, I can understand if you're dealing with a bunch of shmackles who need to be led by the nose. But we don't need that here. Most of the people on the ear, except for some of the weekend and nighttime people, are professional broadcasters. But anyway, so I said, I'm going to do a whole week of shows on education. And she looked at me and said, I'm a little slaughtered. She looked at me and said, She said, That was Lynn Russell. Now I've had line news. Big TV star. And I'm making much money. She's nice. She's all right. She met a lot since she and Sid were tight. But anyway, and I said, Because I think it's a very important topic. We were top. We were an issue oriented radio. And she looked at me like, Oh, she, that's boring. And here we are 20 years later. And it's still boring. And it's like 100 times worse than it was then. I mean, you asked somebody for every time they put that thing in a paper about how they asked like you of them students. Of course, that's a bad example. Because they're mostly dumbies anyway. But they ask college students to give them a math. And they ask them, Okay, point out the area on the math that you live in. And a whole bunch of them can't do it. There's that thing dangling down there. I mean, it's so obvious. It's like hanging out of their pants. It's dangling right and they can't find Florida. They don't know where it is. Guys from New York. I mean, there's Long Island sitting out there like in the Atlantic Ocean. It makes it kind of pretty obvious where New York is. Have you got, you know what I'm saying? Where's New York on them? I don't know. They point to like where Minnesota is Duluth. I mean, I don't understand how anybody can accept this. How do it be possible for people to be so stupid? And so in our ticket and so goddamn, a literate. How is that possible? It's frightening. And nobody cares. They didn't care then. And they don't care now. This is the greatest curse in his country. These are the dumbest freaking people on the face of the earth. They're Americans. And it's not because they're bad people. It's because nobody cares about education. They can tell you all kinds of crap like about OJ who was on the witness stand yesterday. How many inside edition shows Kato Kailens been on? They can tell you all of the other crap. OJ's daddy was a drag queen. He was. By the way, the WABC slams the Yankees with a $10 million suit over the rights fees. I'm sure you've heard about this. I'm big inside radio information. WABC says the replacement players sham competitions have created a breach of contract. And when you're paying $5 million a year in rights fees, you want the real thing. When you pay for it, you want the real thing. Not some make believe thing. That's something made out of plastic. Yankees flagship WABC is still carrying the preseason games. But tells the court virtually no advertisers will touch them with an ugly stick. Also points out the team as CuckTicket prices to fans by 50%. But New York Times says MSG network is in the same jam. Can't get a break on its $44 million dollars for your rights fees. Or it is also WABC's demanding monetary damages. WABC and George Steinbringer have had a stormy relation on and off for years. They've been losing money. It said is the first rights related lawsuit, but maybe not the last. When will WABC's QAM sue Wayne, Haisenga? That'll be the day when they get the balls to sue anybody. And not, but your pansies over there. And hey, nice going to. Joe and Dave on those make believe ballroom ball games. 11 14 at Wiod. 16 Wiod. The station your mother's afraid to listen to. Another dick in the White House? In the 50's Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best. Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best. Step into the confession or Billy. I don't know father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this week. Billy, I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but just everybody get a spanking. Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best cap secret. And you've got a private seat for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the rear. Alright, Billy boy, each time for your flute lesson. But father, your flute has only one hole and it doesn't make any noise. Oh, it will, Billy. It will. Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to Shane Peter. Father knows best. Going to church may not seem very entertaining. But there really is something funny going on here. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Wasn't Robert Young in Father knows best, I think so. It's 11 17 at Wild. Here's, uh, what is that? Selena Kansas. Deal. Yes. How you doing, man? What the hell is that? What is Selena Kansas? What is it? It's a place, uh, on I-70. Yeah. It's halfway in between the state. Between the what? It's halfway in between the state of Kansas. Between the state of Kansas and a dark place. It's right in a rock. Yeah. It looks like right in the city. It looks like the middle of the state. Yeah, and it's like, you know, only half way between the edges. It's like inhabited by five people and they all live at the, you know. Well, what, what, what, what should be doing there is the obvious question. What are you doing there? Oh, I'm coming. I'm coming on the right on the way from a Seattle. From Seattle. Yeah. How long is that going to take you about a week? No, it's back to we've got here in two days. Yeah. So it's probably like another two more days. Oh, that's not bad. Now we're just having a good time and you know, listen to your show and just let you know. We're on our way back. Well, how will you guess what? Nothing's changed here. Huh? Same old stuff going on here. Hey, what's the deal about the other Tokyo thing? I caught a little bit of that. Well, there's some kind of terrorist deal. Now it's just some leftover gas from Hiroshima. It's just delayed reaction. All right, yeah. How about a trip, Sally? I talked to you when I get back. All right, have a safe one. Later. Bye. And a trip, too. Yeah, they just a little delayed reaction gas coming out of, you know. And in fact, what we did is we dropped a time release on him is what we did. They didn't realize it. That'll get even with those little sliddy guys. Oh, sorry, Judge Edo. Sorry about that. Those Chinese guys can sure play ping pong, can't they? See, that's another thing. You come across like those maple leaf sports stations on there. Like when you guys used to have sports channel, which they took it away from most of you because you don't have a satellite dish and you got cable and you got screwed again. But during the off-hours, even on ESPN where they got 24 hours a day to fill. And they got four hours of programming. And they put all this other crap on there. When they got a ping pong tournament on there. Do you watch that? What is that noise I'm hearing by the way? Where is that leaking from? Is that the phone pot again? Boy, there's something really filthy in our pot. Better weed it out. No, but seriously, would you watch a bunch of Chinese guys playing ping pong? Would Chinese people play? You know, we have never had a Chinese call around a show. Have we? Once. No, Japanese. No, it was a Chinese person. A Chinese? Which have we never had? We never had a Japanese call as show? No, Koreans. We don't have any Koreans living here. Do we? Sure we do. How about Thai? Do we have any Thai oneies? Thai one on? No, that would be a good thing for us to do. In between all these people sucking around for these hockey tickets, but I know just lately most of them are not even boasting their time asking, which is a good idea. I'll give more soon. Maybe. But what we need a jab to call in here would be good. But seriously, do you think Chinese people watch ping pong because other Chinese people are playing with it? Huh? It's like porno movies. Do you want to see Chinese people doing it? I guess depends on what they look like. Make me feel better about myself. Seriously, would you watch a movie with a, I mean, unless you had really good vision, now some Chinese women are very well-indowed. Some Chinese women are a volumptuous, and some Chinese guys are very, very good looking. A lot of them, but not well-indowed. Not trust me. Here's a bokeh on a purple line. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good sir. Okay, no more one. Rodriguez, I'm the coach of FIU now. Stanich Blatton. Pretty cool, huh? Yeah. He's pretty good. He's a strong coach. Maybe FIU will make it back to the United States until you see a leg and get killed. Great. And lose by 45 points again. Great. Number two, I'm sitting in the barber spot this morning. Someone's saying through the barber spot, the Michael Jordan's calling a quits. He doesn't got what it takes. Is that true? You're doing a thing about it? Yeah. He usually, you know, he like to say it wasn't a quitter, but he played and he figured it. You know, he came out there with his pants on back. We didn't figure that was a bad olman. So he thought one game was enough. Not that it was a publicity stunt. He's out. Unbelievable. That's a three. He's a lost game. I know you're a food lover. I got this great new restaurant in Carl Springs. Yes. Hobos, fifth joint. Real good fact. The home was fifth joint. Hobos. Hobos. Hobos. Okay. Probably a lot of a lot of feeders hang out there. Thanks a lot. Okay, have a great day. We have an open line on the purple line, and we also have one on the passion line. 1,800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. Now what do we got? We got the Panthers are playing at Buffalo on Friday. They're playing at Montreal. I believe tomorrow. Oh, man. Montreal never loses at home. They go on a road to get Wallop like last night. 8 to 4 by the flyers. Can you imagine what those frogs in Montreal are going through right now? They want Chuck Demers. They want the entire front office. They want to fry their ass right on the ice. And I don't blame them. What a trade that was. Mark Recky. I mean, he's a nice little guy. He's okay. Never stole a freight train. He don't look too bad. He's a guy. But he's not like the end of the world. It's not like Pavel Burrie or Eric Lindros. Some like superstar. It's a guy. And they give away three outstanding young players. And now since they made that trade Philadelphia's in first place. They're like six points in first place. They're beating the crap on a regular basis of the connedians who cannot win a game on a road. But they win at home. They only lost once at home all year long. And the Panthers we got to go in there tomorrow night with those guy. They're more frogs. Not bad enough. We got frogs legs last night. Now we got to go in there tomorrow. And by the way, you notice one thing about hockey players. These guys aren't pussy. These guys aren't a bunch of guys. They're just because they're friends with each other. Last night in the first period. Rimmer is telling us that. But it was so psychic and my cuff. For good old buddies when they were young. A height in school or whatever together. And they went out to dinner the night before. Because the team got there after known before like Sunday. And they go out to dinner Sunday night. Right in the first period, my cuff reaches out to stick. And a high stick's your sack of right in the post. It opens up a nice big cut and gets a form of high sticking double minor. At a blind mic. Oh right. Don't let friendship stand in a way of a good high stick. Hi. It's 1124 WIOD. So I'm just a there in summer. Tonight we're going down memory lane. Because we're going to be talking about time that we lost our opportunity. Passion phones with their en summers. We tonight's 8th midnight on news. Talk an entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. 610 WIOD. But only now we need a designated driver. Okay, 1126 to WIOD. Two open lines in date. What is that all about at 755-19463. You ought to see the really nice puff piece that Nick Lawrence sent here. Must be looking for a job from the light bulb. Remember Nick? The aroma lingers on, baby. I'm sorry. 751 WIOD. Don't forget if you want to actually pay and go on this bus trip. Because you're not going to win it anyway. Most of you all except one. Here. You can call the toll free number 1-800-395-5287. It's the JJ Kelly charter bus. JJ Kelly, those are the folks that bring us that great scoreboard all the time during the Apanter Games. Which quite frankly, many nights that saw I'm paying a attention to. I don't want to say when Leafs are playing. Not that I don't pay attention to our Panthers, but some nights up until recently they wouldn't too much to pay attention to. Now we're playing good and we lose every night. The Panter Express to Tampa a week from Sunday, April 2nd to see the Panthers and the lightning play in the beautiful Thunderdome. It's pretty interesting place if you've never been there. It's just bring a pillow to sit on. Not that the seats are uncomfortable. It's just you have to be able to look over the head of the person sitting right in front of you. Because they're not like a slanted well. Maybe the Orientalists could help them out over there. They don't know how to slanted right. $59 per person if you want to pay for it. That includes round trip luxury bus transportation with rest room. They got a VCR on a bus. You can watch all your favorite pornoes. Whatever they're going to show. Game ticket free so to available on the bus. But space is limited. So call at number in the hop on to bus and go to Tampa and get the Samatusias and for lightning over there. Jeff Moss asked me said, you want to go over there. I said no way. Call 1-800-395-5287. No, it's not that I would want to go. It's just that I felt felt we want to give these away to some of our nice listters out there. If we can find a couple. But I've already been over there. I was there two years ago. I went sitting on actually. It was not a thunder don't because they didn't have the thunder. I was at that cow palace. They hadn't Brandon or the lightning played their first season. And I saw the least beat to live in crap out of them twice that year. That was good. I mean beat the living. And then last year we went over twice. I saw the least beat them. And then that early game when the Panthers beat him was a one-off or two-nothing that first that was the record breaking game where they had 29,000 and some odd and they all were odd in the thunderdoll. They pack them in there man. It's a bizarre bunch but they sure pack them. Here's the lady in homestead. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. I think your show is great because you give people the opportunity to say what they feel. Sometimes. All right. But anyway, this has a little to do. I will have a little to do with the O.J. case. Now very fast. I was going to say that in LA when King got a beat from the cops out in LA in King who was the Afro-American. Okay. I was ready to crucify the cops in the middle. I killed Nicole. Find them guilty to hold that. Right? Reginald Danny. When he got that beat and it left him half dead. Right. Nothing was done about that. But yet the Afro-Americans looted that their LA and they burned places and did the hold that. But Reginald Danny. Well forget about that. Right? Susan Smith, who was white. And she murdered her children. But I've never heard of it. It was because she broke their elbow. It was because she's got a set of Thompson's  Caravan as they say. And that's just a pertinent. But just a Selena. Hair  me... Slow down the men less in jail. th drag. You carry your pants around. Cause I was almost<|sv|><|sv|> nice too. The first one is something we'll just say, If you can't get in jail, you can't stand it. And stop keeping your pants safe. But I don't feel Rahal. You can't get away from that. I don't feel right back but then I feel really good that fresh. bottom line you can't keep pointing back and say it's like when David Berkowitz we they discovered he was the son of Sam and killed all those women they didn't say well the Jews have been persecuted long enough and David Berkowitz is Jewish I mean what is that you can't keep using race or religion or any other thing as an excuse for like I mean it would Jeffrey Domer nobody said oh here's another poor gay guy that's being persecuted just because he killed a bunch of guys and has a bunch of bodies in his refrigerator you know it's it's just a lame it's really lame okay murdered his wife took his his children's mother away from them now those children have after americans yeah okay which have I what do you mean one half yeah well you know what I'm saying but anyway I just I just don't understand it I don't understand how 76% of them to say that he is in as well they did yeah they said that not only in it they said there is no chance that he committed the crime he's so freaking guilty it's pathetic and he's gonna walk that's it and he's given us all the finger how do you know so he's laughing what he's doing for like he's over the jury and he's smirked and laughing he said hey take a look at this finger he's doing a brine constant he now the smirks on his face you want to punch his life so this is very good well we'll give you a chance to drop the pillar gas chamber okay but you know the sad part I'm gonna hang up now with the sad part is that we all know he's gonna walk there you go all right you got to walk before you sit down in a gas chamber have a great day hang in there open line but what a humane thing huh wow and that Carl Douglas you know you notice how they since he made all those mistakes those big boners they haven't been letting him do much of anything except sit there and look kind of days most of the time huh and what is the story with those lips do you notice how he's got blue lips I better ask Dr. Dun about that he looks like he's been rimming frosty the snowman he's got really okay let's go to a West Palm Beach hello pretty good three or four things that you're quick okay okay I want you to know about the kids not know when New York was yeah about there's only 20% of this select group of high school or college kids they asked it didn't know we even dropped the bomb in Japan they ought to know the me that the most rapid quality of Japan I think probably the Sony people when Michael Jackson got in trouble everybody put it down to sub was too yeah listen me so what are they they got a lot of people over there so there's some gas on the subway over there I mean what if they're and then they had a threat all these copycat guys and they had a threat of some gas in New York you know gas mass prices to start price went up 100 times there was trading 100 times much of your Japan yeah that's true that is absolutely correct yeah everything is done because the show down this week Mark Obber and Terry Kerr Mark Obber and Terry Kerr is the kids from California 80 not a kid well you know it's a grizzled old man is he really why's not an old man he's about 35 yeah but he looks about 55 mark Robin will show him his backside and every one of those raises Mark Obber is the best out there out there that I love Kevin Wallace but I'm gonna be honest with you that me Mark Obber is phenomenal he's great okay he is I'm Tony all right well I want to see what happens this I was kept for a hot story actually and how about let me see it again were you there last Wednesday no I didn't go this one's take well let me just tell you again I want to mention that I want to mention that for the third time Wally Hanna see gives two assists on his victory to Gary Mills okay two of the races he never would have won in a million years but that's another story go ahead is that one game mills were in second with 30 or 41 that's sat on the outside and lock Gregory in all the way around in that last race when they were like four points apart you bet your sweet butt yeah I saw that in the first race in the show down when he left with that that rat that what tells the name of that piece of crap that never left the gate in his life on the rail and he parked he parked Gregory out the first quarter 27 and four with a horse that never had gates be before in his life good old Kerry Mills gets in a cyst on there given 500 of the thousand walley go ahead so really I was got for a hockey story at your quick no believe it or not before the Rangers got so good the Ranger fans used to be like the cup fans they was spent like 30 or 40 years they didn't have a chip on their shoulder and I want to win the greatest games they ever had it was you remember their goalie at jockman course any jockman was a buddy yeah I thought he was loving you I fat that he fast that he oh fast that he that was gunborsely was fat I thought that's right I think it was so fast that he had it when they treated him to the right red wings the next game the Rangers played who was in the next game with a second game the red wings came to play the the Rangers are not what he'd look at me when I said that your fat and I'm fat what's wrong with being fat Steve what did you give me an exaggerated look on that for your fat lose some weight Steve go ahead sir okay in any case when they came back and played a massive square garden yeah what are you talking about he jockman and all of you are clearly usually you're just dying on me trying to wait this call with some some spurious of the area but what is it he jockman's first game against the rain was back against the Rangers and massive square garden he's shut him out one nothing they cried when crazy all yelling Eddie what me against against the Rangers he was crying he was falling against the Rangers he was playing for the Ranger you know it was just first came for the Red Wing they traded them to the middle of water I don't remember that I don't remember that no first came as a red wing he played against the Rangers have shut them out in the crowd came with steady Ovation he came out of the ice was crying and yeah and took fouls like not a more when the greatest hockey stories there is well what do you mean it's so one of the greatest that was no story at all that wasn't a great story that was terrible there was there was no nothing the shots the crowd had loved for him and they even though he was playing for another team they came out and they well how about those fans in Indiana to give a sitting Ovation a Michael Jordan the other day on Sunday when ABC hyped up thing up real big and everybody got sucked into watching including me I first around I went to K2 to get the real clear picture there on a big satellite on a big dish and I tune it in I watch all the pre-game hype and I watch about five minutes to the game itself and then I got on my phone so it was good thing it was the same thing except there was no hype in this thing nobody came to the same thing because the fans in Indiana were kind of like non-plus they said screw you Michael Jordan we came here to see the paces beat your ass and they did okay they did because he was seven from 28 from the floor they gave away the game they played him 43 minutes in the guys and played in the year how do you like that field Jackson should be crucified in Chicago they should hang his ass from across I'm 43 minutes was a little bit maybe you know more than 30 minutes you should have got tops anyway let me a seven out of 28 from the floor you could make seven out of 28 with your eyes clobter blindfolded you could do it listen man some out close you could be with that bad speedsteafecting you could go out there and do it right now okay our close to Tampa page at Tampa Bay Dams far far it's in St. Pete oh really have a great day pal we have an open line in uh...browered five two four and one on the passion line boy that was a great story at about any jack-in-a-man wasn't it I guess you had to be there it's eleven thirty six a w-i-o-d and w-i-o-d we hired the best programming consultants in the business and then told him to go to hell what do you get think about this peanut thing you suffer from constipation oh yeah sir dude there's nothing worse than feeling constipated well why should you also have to watch your money go down the drain uh... so to speak oh yeah you gotta help me now there's a product for your bathroom that has made just for constipated people hurry tell me what it is new six flashes bathroom bulk cleaner six flashes is a lot less powerful than two thousand flushes but since your constipated y-pay more for flushes you won't be using six flushes is only twenty five cents this is how you're gonna help me yes you'll say fistfuls of cash here products is absolutely worthless six flushes from the makers of two thousand a day by the metabolites the ones with no potency okay it's eleven thirty nine twenty one till noon at w-i-o-d we have an open line two of them we got a pair on the green lines in the next twenty minutes we're gonna be given away that thing in the next twenty minutes we're gonna give away that pair because we don't want to milk this past noon we got the oj crap coming up later and I'm sure we got a lot of very important calls after yesterday's experience here it's obvious to me that you can never uh... you know that woman called he force you had a bad home on the phone and he wanted to say her piece and she at least responded to something that i said which dampens very very infrequently because most people are too much of their pussycats man there too much of a wind to respond especially if they disagree because if they agree first of all the assumed that i think that they're just sucking around which they probably are and if they disagree they think that i'll probably make them really look bad and hang up in the brown beat and terrorized them on here he is again on c-n-n-a-compety one more time for tracian joudi or whatever his wife named Kennedy former simpson juror i uh... last night i'm flipping along on the all over the dog is a watch in the uh... panther game and i'm watching the uh... heart for game and so i flip over on a cable to see something what are in it happens to be on c-n-n guess who's on c-n-n-a-goose low me fifty dollars buddy and who's he got on here he's got tracic Kennedy and his wife are on there now how long can it be before we get the movie the book the uh... the short story the long story the tall story the phony story the real story and everything else the tabloid show interviews he's everywhere tracic Kennedy what's his claim to fame he got thrown off the goddamn simpson jury he's a star now he's a star because he got tossed out of there because they believe he was writing a book and there's some other stuff probably going on at the window about yet but now he's a superstar i rest my case here's pemberpinds hello deal yes okay i got a couple things to respond i can have a jap call you my ex system law she's a big time jap is she i can't stand at the i'm not talking about a Jewish princess i know about a real jap i want to talk to you about the uh... the panfield yet yes okay what do you think about the i know we got two good goalies yeah but i think that uh... i don't know if you're a agree with the shenop but why well let's find out okay well i don't understand you got to give me these are a rest of the few days but don't you think that can break like any kind of momentum like i'm just gonna give the example i am a panther fan but like how to have ricketer plane all season last year for the rangers can basically said he's not gonna pull him out he's you know even when he had a couple bad games but he's not about he didn't pull him out he pulled him out in the middle of some games and put healing in the middle of the game well the last year the majority of games he played most of the game he was the goalie right okay the number one goalie course i understand when they play every other day and it's not too many back to back games but do you think that that could be hurt and i mean put in it's Patrick and i think that one guy only plays every very very infrequently he can be rusty i think if it's Patrick is better than when we saw the last couple of starts he made and i think it's great game i think it's unfair to what i thought the game was a great he didn't play a great game he didn't play a great game he's done a draw it out the team played a great game the team played great what i'm saying to you is they usually go with a hot hand and the also see when you're gonna start getting me going around your nails and i would like i would like to get a hit squad i'd like to pay them off to just do away with this man he is the biggest impediment to every team that he's ever coach he's a piece of crap he's hardheaded he's just an absolute piece of garbage and everybody hates him like poison and and oh and i wrote last night talk about uh frosty the snowman i noticed rumor was sucking around so heavy duty with his close personal friend Brian Murray and he's saying on the telecast oh gee i've started really like a lot of things that the front office has done here a lot of these moves and they got swenson and yati aati i mean you got to remember that he's real tight close personal buddies with Brian Murray to go back to their days and watching it together come on remember quits sucking around so heavy duty baby what else are you gonna see you're gonna bash him no way i got what i mean but i mean the suction was so heavy man i was holding onto my seat of course anyway before another this call yeah i have another theory on your rena for for latin yes well it's in day count it's maybe by like uh by default maybe they just find it by uh often 95 say it again they find it the arena by default i mean they're there maybe they're there they're not they're not true hockey fans oh the latins who come to the game i mean majority of them are there because it's like a happening they have how do you know that what about the angles are there yeah most of them are there by default too this is or give them the ticket yeah here they're talking in the in the in the crowd what are i think i mean they come there 15 games read the book they give out the pamphlets are christian okay we're gonna be given a pamphlet out in a second we have an open line of a broad five two four here's a fact that says it's from Kim i'm eight why did they cross this uh i guess it's Kim i'm a 25 year old Korean college student who attends the University of Miami nothing's perfect Kim however i am not your typical Korean wait till you hear this George i'm 5 8 157 pounds and i'm like most Asians my penis is 8 inches cut circumspect and circumscribe and circumsized how do you like that i'm also a chronic listener i listen every day but cannot call i love men and i really think you would love me and yes there is a fear oh so this is a faggot oh that's what is a Korean fag you know in Korea i think they still they still shoot them for that don't they at least in North Korea i'm positive at least you get hung maybe that's how you got to be so anyways as i love men i think you really would love me and yes there's a fairly large Asian population here in South Florida especially in the geobals in South Miami i love you Neil and i love Luis Miguel can you play i'm at i mean maybe i might just play that now it's matter fact still given those stupid tickets away uh certainly sounds good to me because uh that's what we need to do is build a foundation on our nation with Luis Miguel we have an open line in date 7519463 what on the green lines there's that the Gloria all red she was the big hot shot attorney for that kid for Michael Jackson for about five minutes since he said i don't think so the money's not good enough and a kid in his family are getting all the money and i'm not so she's out of that now she's the attorney for the uh brown family is that who she represents you don't know what now let me ask you something i can understand asking a lot of questions like uh uniform numbers on the Tampa Bay lightning but let's i mean uh how did you find a tune this out as much as possible why is that because it's like a whole lot of light deal i mean if you ignore the list that would be like ignoring our program director it's the same kind of concept in anity here's for a lot of deal on the purple line hello i do a nail fuck one here okay i need your expert here i said fuck face here thank you yes i need your help that's for me yeah go ahead i need your expert opinion on something yes you think the cancer's have a chance to make the playoff yes he improvements and all the other teams what yeah but they can't keep losing all these uh over time games they're playing better they're i must i'm astonished how good they're playing the last four games now but they're just uh not they're just uh choking in the clutch they're choking it toughs are on the wrong way but we'll get those bounces later in the air yeah right sure we don't look what are we played already 20 uh 720 eight games is only 20 games left it's the last week schedule that's what it makes me nauseated yeah we got to play on a row we got to play at Pittsburgh we got to play at the Rangers i think the night before that we got a lot of our tough road games right there at the end back to back to you yeah so we better start getting those points right now like i said and have a great day pali we have an open line on a purple line pound i o d and one and brown or five two four nine four six three and when we come back we're going to give away that nice bus trip for those tickets to tap out of seed lighting and the pathers and then after you knew them we're going to die again and then you'll hear for an hour today hey listen i got a lot of a good comment about the yesterday they enjoyed it 16 double u i o d if we're talking to you two oh y any s u c k s okay let's not be to run a bus here 1151 a w o d okay who's number 93 for the Tampa Bay lightning George quick goli Darren what do they call that thing before it comes out of the cocoon what thing the moss yeah the larvae noobeter pillar right what do they call it the pupa there you go all right let's hear it for George he gets to take it Darren pupa number 93 in golden-eyed for the lightning that's just a little joke okay let's go to he'd go he'd probably go over there it's free get to drink all that free soda on the bus you could probably time adjust in time you could have a little breakfast without gold seen in fat rich is there any free food here no here's Miami hello oh he won't go there's no free food yes yeah no yes sir don't want to come in about what you said yesterday or if it's too not going to basketball game because they're all black please right what if I'm a black male what if I didn't listen to talk radio because they're no black talk radio show I've been listening to you feel for about it here and a half now yeah but see on a talk show we talk about things that are like a general interest to most people I would assume you know what I'm saying but but it's still entertainment right right so if you don't want to go because they're there let me let me ask you this if you would you go to well let's say you were invited to a party okay there were like a hundred people at the party uh-huh and 99 of them were white you were going to be the only black person at the party would you go if the entertainment is there yeah they'll see you're more adventurous than I am oh okay oh that's it I guess you're more adventurous than I am I'm just not I don't know I just feel it's not for me but but you you you you're missing the boat I mean you you watch all the the uh hope low-round Michael Jordan but then you only watch two minutes of the game no I I was I watched more than that in other words I watched the first few minutes then I got an treadmill for a half hour then I I came back and watched more of it but I sure didn't watch the whole game okay I just want to see how he was playing and I saw him miss a lot of shots and take some bad shots and I thought basically he cost in the game okay and as far as that lady who was going to put Susan Smith in the lake yeah yeah she'll hold it down out pee in the lake okay so yeah bye okay all right here's the guy that wants to do a little number of course court on Ricky Lake in fact isn't that the topic on the passion bones tonight is something about that something about the shower power showers which you manage we have an open line it's in date 7519463 751 I don't know Magja I just can't maybe that is a fact thing I don't know although there are a lot of black guys who look good to me I mean it's got another do of the athletes are good looking or bad looking like I said hockey players most well now there are some pretty good looking hockey players but how to help can you tell they all got helmets on there you know and it got in the uniform that there were there's certainly nothing sexual about the outfit that hide there were like 50 pounds of equipment out there they got like jacks under their jack oh and what game was that I was watching the other night were the goalie got hit right like that squirrel remember that squirrel in Chicago that was across the street on Larry Louge show and the nearly lost his nuts but it was the Bruins game I think a couple nights ago the Bruins were playing New Jersey and lost it over time has to turn out but that that was a hell of a game but a blame locker that kid that plays for the Bruins and goal he took a shot and man he just you could see where it hit him you know like a down beneath the between the pads low in a certain spot and he just went down to the ice like he'd been hit by a ton of bricks like somebody had whacked him and Derek Sanders and had Fred Cusick both were like kind of a gas in fact I think Fred could almost feel it which he hasn't done that in years here is a plantation hey don't know pretty good first time called a little nervous so uh nevertheless okay anyway why'd say you should be a crazy ranger fan and I really turned now I'm a crazy panther fan yeah I'd love to go on down to the atmosphere in the you know the urema's great it is fortunately yeah well you know it's exciting I take my six-tier row we go I only have one complaint uh the parking there when I went the other night when we would see the buffalo we might have lost an overtime right this must be official parking there with a guy stands there for eight thousand he says the uh the you'd love to secure right anyway pay the $8 got my ticket I popped back there hence he's kids paying basketball and drinking beer and the bottles roll over the floor and I said what the heck is going on here you know a little bit concerned about leaving my car there well you're supposed to give each kid like five bucks to watch a card I understand that don't you think eight thousand enough? no that that's just to get in there but then after where you give each kid five bucks to watch and then when you get back you might have like a couple of tires left yeah that was you think that could serve me but now if then he tried I used to go to tiger stadium which is on Michigan Avenue downtown a very very bad neighborhood which he tried as many and nonetheless you would park down right near the stadium and on one of the side streets and a kid would come over and say dollar to watch your car Mr and of course you'd knew damn well you'd get better give a dollar or the car wouldn't be there and when you got back they still would break in but they wouldn't do as bad of a job if you didn't give anything the car would be trashed well anyway as I said that's great there you turn me on to the pants and my kid loves it and you know we go down there the only thing is as I said it's the parking and the traffic getting home on 95 to plantation in the evening because they closed them northbound lanes yeah but for another four bucks if you want to rally park man 12 bucks you get out of there if you could if I could tell you how fast we get out of there it's frightening well another four bucks maybe next time I'll save us some money just try a one time how about Tampa Bay okay okay thanks you're surprised aren't you yeah really yeah we appreciate it thanks a lot because you sound like how old are you I'm I'll be 48 April see here's the guys almost as old as I am and this audience thinks he's got a way to get some young guy and he sounds pretty exciting and he's gonna give it to him I'm given it away to another old fart hang on pal hang on I hope you enjoyed I hope we win too yeah okay and watch out for that pupa guys on six take care of him he's a good guy there let's give it to him okay makes me look better since you're last announcement we now have only five seats left on a first flight says bob Lincoln on our biggest deal and watch these lines go out to by the way they're gonna hang up fast now that we gave away our thing by the way thanks to Jeff Moss for being so nice to us for finally carrying I mean after all we've only given him fifty million dollars in free publicity for the Panthers and now they turn around and do one nice thing for us thanks Jeff it's about time and by the way get ready your brother please also want to give you the upgrade prices for the imperial palace okay oh you stayed in a suite with a love tub last year George yes I did well how did what was that what was that all about I didn't know about that you and your wife stayed in the love tub you used it to well bet you did man but that was before she had the tongue she don't need you anymore just the tub and the tongue five hundred and twenty dollars per person if you want the love tub now is there more than one suite like that that's got the love tub and the love bring your own little love vote and then a one bedroom king suite five hundred and fifty five bucks per person plus Mr. fat has the nerve to charge six hundred dollars not see Mr. fat that's Mr. fat is fat rich so Bob Lankett if you're gonna try to be one of the crowd and know whose names to start throwing around here don't go pick it on fat rich okay because he's doing your computer I believe and he's also getting the freebie so leave him alone if you want to attack him for his behavior at the track that's the only thing to attack him for other than that he's okay but anyway one bedroom king suite five hundred and fifty bucks per person fat Hank charges six hundred bucks for the other out of the way hold to that's right look at that you can get a sweet for less than he's charging just for like your ordinary regular room at that health and over there which is way the hell out of the way so we can tell you how many connections he's got he can tell you what a big hot shot he is but the bottom line is we still got the best trip to Vegas and quite frankly the first plane is just about full anyway we only got five seats left on that first thing your better call right now baby if you want to go on at six thirty p.m flight June 15th leaving on a Thursday evening three glorious nights and days plunging our brains having a great time in Vegas at the Imperial Palace Hotel call Bob Lincoln right now before it's too late then of course there will be a second flight another hundred and sixty seats I have no idea how many of those are left but probably quite a few because most people want to go on the early one nine four seven six oh five oh was the day number nine four seven six oh five oh and toll free from anywhere one eight hundred two three three seventy two sixty four a lot of superstars will be a long out of trip this time filled the bug bands got to be gone Ellen and Genie are gonna be going how do you like that the two of them are going to be going Tonya sharing all those stories about their two young boyfriends they met their last year those ladies have got more stories about their boyfriends about their 25 their 20 their 15 year old boyfriends that they met out on trip last year that they're doing something with in their mind anyway so and who else do we know is going that somebody famous oh and you'll never believe this would it be embarrassing if if if somebody found out that Jeff Remer and his wife Fero went on a trip they're not going see I just made sure that no we'd love to have them along but would be kind of embarrassing for Hank but boy two would piss off a Zagaki wouldn't be only radio station that kicks rush limbao's ass news talking entertainment radio oh sixteen wio d Miami Fort Lottodale if the fish eat the meat good afternoon at twelve o'clock on genifer m610 wio d new