Hello out there. We're on the air. It's hockey night tonight. tension goes, the whistle blows and the puck goes down the air. I've been walking. The goal is to sound. Darkly walk. Make sure shot. Cross-size Willie, hit off the point. Willie is a compliance. Bellamy. Benzett is a club, steady. Sweet. Tabarak, he doesn't see it. Let's go! A power play ball. Jason Wallace should get the goal. There was a man who was a little busted. Lion's gallery. Wayne has a pepper power play ball. Has this one tied up again. His dash was skates of flash. The home team fails behind. But they grab the puck and go bursting up and they're down across the line. The biggest power play ball. Sport against gallery. In a little over. The longer the court jury took away. They gave up three goals. All three of those they were. Sport on by Trevor Kidd. In last slide he's by an ambulance. So five power play ball. Now's the score. I get the goal play. Well, he's back at her score. He's the score. Go on. Go on. Go on. He players face off down the ring. And the Stanley Cup is all filled up for the champs who went the drink. Now the final flick of a hockey stick. And a one-time getting screen. The hockey is in. The home team wins the good old hockey game. Oh. The game is the best game you've ever made. And the best game you can make. And the game is the good old hockey game. Got to go. The lead. We can catch here. Letting it back to the young. And go. On the turnover scores. Show the home. Powsley can't believe it. They feel her beat pass to the opposition. And Jodi, how's going? I am the one side. And I'm hammered by two. What a production. I like that. 10-07 at WOD. How you doing? Guys, so at least a Panthers pull. One out too bad. We didn't have a good crowd there to see it last night. But sooner or later, if you have enough different teams. At least for the time being, you might win one. Or this Mike was like on the no ball set. And Chris Rick was just here. So anyway, happy. Oh, man. If we don't have a special edition of the Bouger Belmati show on the Fille Henry of the Safnoon, I'm going to be one disappointed puppy. I'll tell you that right now. I don't think he could wait till Friday. Do you? I think he might just come out of hiding at least by phone. The Bouger has got to come out of hiding today on the Fille Henry show. Just in honor of yesterday's debacle. I understand a Patriots got blown out. Hey, at least we're consistent. We score three points every week. 38 to three. But you know, wouldn't you rather lose 38 to three than to blow a 24 to three lead in a third quarter? And just get humiliated and degraded. And I just we're still trying to find manage. Everybody is on a lookout. We can't find managed. The rumor is that he went out and got drunk and ran off with a coach after the game. And the two of them haven't been seen since. And especially now, even worse news, adding insult to injury is the fact that Marina very well could be out for the rest of the year. That's the latest I'm hearing from my sources. Marina was out. I think that may have been his last game yesterday as a professional quarterback. Good thing you broke the record yesterday, Dan, because you know how the Fates work. It's an ugly twist of fate. I mean, you talk about a major blow job. It was just it was in crack. It was shocking is what it was. In the history of sports, that was probably one of the great blow jobs. At least in the history of the dolphins. In fact, they said they had to look back to 1980 to see a bigger blow job by the dolphins. It was a frightening. And against a girl's team against the quarterback, of course, from Michigan, the less who got beat bar girls team on Saturday. So put it all together and you got a pretty depressed, ugly community now. They're foaming it to mouth. It wasn't bad enough. Are the hurricanes still planned by the way or they dropped the football program? Okay, that's the latest rumor in addition to the rumor about Marina being out for the year. Next rumor is hurricanes have dropped their football program. And are going to be taken up things like cricket, lacrosse, and badminton. But nobody cares about that. They're not going to the real quiet about it because they haven't really cared last 15, 20 years. It was just something a latch on to. That's all. Let's latch on to latch. You've heard of lunch with lats. Let's just latch on to something. So anyway, you know my condolences to you. I know it's really rough. That's the way it goes. I see a lot of stuff going on here in the newspaper that pissed me off this morning. I mean, big time. Here's an editorial just out of the blue just to make sure that you don't forget about how evil gambling is. You people at the Sun Sentinel man, you just amuse the living crap out of me. You, I mean, do you ever get out of the house? Do you ever like leave the house? Do you ever like go out to the convenience store? Get some pickle dags? Maybe a sausage here and there? Make study of legalized gambling to be sure regulation needs or meat's need. And then it's got to reach the 24 hour hotline of Florida, Council on Compulsive gambling called 1-800-Plunge Your Brains. I mean, this is the most ridiculous thing. And I wouldn't be, I think tomorrow the editorial in the Sun Sentinel are going to be talking about trying prohibition again. Just because it didn't work the first time, doesn't mean we can't do it right. Because we got a lot of alcoholics, a lot of boozehounds, a lot of drunk drivers out there. Let's try it again. And my favorite part of this at it, this is the lead editorial of the Sun Sentinel out of the blue today out of nowhere. Research shows gambling generally has its most harmful impact on those who can at least afford it the poor. A steady, now wait till you hear this, a steady increase in casino gambling by teenagers, despite legal bands, is caused for alarm and part because it encourages them to regularly engage in illegal behavior. No, of course, we know that teens are screwing their brains out, which is also illegal because if you're not married and you're having sex, that's technically illegal too. So I guess that those laws really stop people from doing stuff. In addition to which, remember when we were in Vegas, George, all the teenagers we saw plunging their brains out in a casino? What are they talking about? Have these people ever been in a casino? I'm sure that the people at the Mirage and at the MGM grand and the Stardust and Caesars, they're all going to risk losing their gambling license by letting teenagers, by letting people in the... ages and even 18 out there, it's 21. You have to be 21 if you're 20 years old, it can't gamble at a casino in Vegas. But teenagers are gambling, it's an epidemic, they're compulsive, they can't control themselves, it's evil, it's disgusting. And I'm going to, and then, of course, Tom Jika, man, I'll tell you a time. I don't know where you lost it. Maybe it was a progressive thing, as your hair started falling out years ago, the gray matter and the brain started falling out with it. Because here's a guy that used to seem to be a little bit with it many, many, many years ago, and now all of a sudden, he's just got a problem, played it on TV. This is one of the most ridiculous columns I've ever, I mean, on one hand, of course, you got Ellis Rubin and Ronnie Zamora and TV intoxication, which is ridiculous, and, you know, people should take responsibility for their actions. But if this guy who's supposedly covers TV for a major alleged major newspaper, if he thinks that TV is manipulating the public, if he thinks there weren't shenanigans going on, playing with the guy damn public right from the beginning and that stupid trial, I can't remember who was on trial. Then, I don't know what you think about, Tommy or Lala Land, but again, you work for the Sun Sentinel. The only place you'll get any real information in the Sun Sentinel is in a sports section. Here's Dave Heide, a good column, Dave Joseph. These are the only guys that have their head screwed on, straight is in the sports section at the Sun Sentinel. The rest of this newspaper, I wouldn't wipe my ass with, it's a little too greeny. So let me just give you a warning right now. The first mention, the first breath. And, frankly, I'm not even going to say it myself, okay? Because enough is enough already. The first, oh, man. About that year gone, okay? I told you Friday, we're done with him, we're finished and even at old bitch on the beach, okay? Forget it. Give it a rest. Take up a new hobby, okay? Fly out L.A. Get a good seat for the men and this brother's trial. Get a life, but forget about it. Also, Marino's done, he's retiring. He'll be making his retirement announcement at noon today, George just tells me. It's 1013 at WIOD. 16, WIOD, download this. This is the Neal Roger show. Yeah. This is your brain. Any questions? 1016 at WIOD, we'll have the sports intensive weekend, although I must say it's not much of a sports town. It's like home opener for the Panthers at the arena. Really disappointing. I know there were a lot of people getting out late the overtime game at the JRS. A lot of people depressed. Ponytail, Jeff Cohen comes by last night, which almost dampened our great night with this finger tail. And was, how can I try and make about how we had a big fight with this wife because of the adult and lost. And she wasn't speaking to them. And he was so depressed after the first period of the hockey game. He had to go home and do some drugs. He was just psychotic last night. What do you cry about, man? You know it's a choke-off. You know, you should know after enough times that sooner or later it's going to happen. Better sooner than later. But anyway, we had to announce 12,000 and some 12,078, I think, which is ticket sold for the game last night, which means well over 2,000 empty unsolved tickets. And as far as empty seats, I would say a good 4 to 5,000 empty seats. We may have had 11,000 there at the beginning. And as it got, you know, bedtime in this town is water by 80 clock, especially on a school night, especially on a weekend on like a Sunday night. bedtime is about 745. So those people who left the dolphin game after the depressing overtime loss, those people had to immediately raise home and put their head on a pillow right away because it was almost 8 o'clock by the anyway. But by the middle of the third period last night, if we had 2,500 people left their net arena, that was a lot. And it was, you know, and it got to be late in the game, like Calgary scored air late to make it 4, 3, and it was really desperate we hung on for a dear life. And there's about 1200 of us left there at the end of the game. I'm telling you, this is one wild enthusiast, I mean, the people here are really in the stuff. That's why when you sit here day after day, nobody calls, why should you be surprised? Why should anybody, they don't heads man, they're not enthusiastic about anything except getting something for free. Like this stupid movie, little women with one owner rider that I got in a mail from Calgary. Look at that, I got to movie here, George, that nobody wants. Okay, let's go. By the way, 751 WOD and day to 524 and Broward Green Line 1-800-944-9463. Here's a candle, hello. Jesus Christ. Yes, I'm called the right place. Oh my God. It's the Christ line. God, they moved off and they got it. Huh? They moved off and they moved off and they moved off. They moved, they moved, coaches baby. The players too, it's the players. Yeah, but wait a minute, how come they went to that pre-Vet crap in a second half, they do that all the time. And of course as soon as you do that, you know, what do you do? You wind up giving up points in chunks. You wind up giving up yardage in chunks. 15 here, 20 there. I mean, Harball was thrown 15, 20 yards down the field of the crack. They were up 24, 10. 24, 3. 24, the 3. 24, the 3. But like when those 24, 10s, they're on the Christmas to 20, 70, I do right then they're going to lose. Yeah. I mean, with the exception of Marina and Kirby, they're just a bunch of selfish winters, and they're for nothing except they're stats and they're wallets. Yeah. I mean, there was this Brian Cox was saying about how he was so embarrassed how they've laid their week before and all of them so they come out there yesterday and they made them look like a bunch of clowns. He's a flat outlier, just the same thing happened again. Yeah. And at the best, Gary Clark and Eric we need winding all week about how they went to ball more. Drop drop drop drop drop. Oh, man. Yeah. Harble. And so I take it your little depressed. Well, can I give you a little being injured? Yeah. On the best part, the best part after the game. I'm listening to the post game showed. Why'd Hallier said, this is a little disappointing. A little disappointing. Yeah. But I would, if I can make it feel a little bit better. Okay. I don't know if you have a dish or not. If you've got any of the bills game. I don't know. Okay. Well, let me just tell you. The final score is in no way indicative. The bills have no offense. They had a kick. Christie had a kick five field goals. Every time they drove down field, they couldn't stick it in there. Kelly looks as Kelly is finished. I mean, this man, they almost they almost knocked him unconscious near the end of the first half again. He's always getting knocked out. And he's just, he's done. He can't throw the ball or lick. Okay. I mean, so even though Buffalo is tied now at four and one, I don't care what Booker Bell money says they are really weak. So that's the one thing should keep you like, you know, keep saying that to yourself. I just want to congratulate the readers for being this year's AFC representative. This is much more important. We have no chance, especially with that marino. Okay, Belle. Okay. See Neil, you should never have got off the bat. See I have no pressure when it comes to football. Now I got a team that scores three points every week. I got a 32 million dollar quarterback and this thinks to join out. So it's just one of those deals. It'll be just a fun year and par sells and get his fat ass fired. That's all. But here, I mean, everybody's talking super ball. They're talking undefeated season. Did you see the looks on Shulos facing the first half? Everything that they couldn't do anything wrong. Even Gary Stevens farted on the sideline. And Shulos said, God, that's the sweetest smell and fart I've ever smelled in my life. And in spite of that, it was just, they come out in a second half and all of a sudden it's like, Well, let's go into that shell now. Let's go into that because we don't sure want to put anymore points on the board. It would be embarrassing. And slowly but surely. And then of course, and I really, you know, I don't want to condemn and it's too much. He's jackass, but here's a guy with a big mouth. Yeah, right. He's screaming in the out. Where is he there on that call at the end of the game? You're for that expression about being conspicuous by your absence. Invisible. Unheard. You could hear a pin drop. And Zimfer, you know, I'm not a big Zimfer fan to be in with. Okay, he makes me want Rick Weaver back really badly. And I never thought I could say that because Rick and his hey, they was pretty good. And he had that, you know, that voice. There was something about that voice on the ear. But, you know, and later days, I mean, he didn't even know what guy damn steady me was in much less what town. But even so there was still something about the presence of the Weaver voice on the ear. But Zimfer, I mean, you know, it's one thing to be a homer. But there is a certain level of excitement when the other team scores as opposed to it's a damn touchdown. It's another damn touchdown. And it's good and that's it. In fact, let's hear that. I mean, this is just horrible. This is awful. This will officially be a 28 yard field goal. Very blanched from the left pass mark. Oh, man. Oh, man. Everybody is all lined up. Yeah. The snap is down. The field goal of temp is up. And it is good. That's it. Ha ha ha. Whoa. What rejection and rejection? What a sour push. That's it. Okay. See you guys. We're all going home. I mean, I realize it was deflating. It was devastating. But Jesus, I mean, there was some excitement. There, even if it was negative excitement. Although I would tell you this, I could do easily the next the rest of the show. I'm Chris Moore. Okay. If there's anybody in America who is worse at what they do. If there's a dentist, if there's a heart surgeon, I hope to help none of you ever wind up with a guy damn heart surgeon who does his job like Chris Moore broadcast hockey on a radio. I heard a little bit Saturday. They had those 80 minute ceremony in New Jersey. And so I didn't think the game was going to ever start. So I go to the store. I go to the dry cleaner to pick up my fan to jacket for last night and come and back. Sure enough, the game is already started. And this guy, he doesn't tell you anything. He's not describing anything. You hear the fans screaming. You hear the sound of the skates in the puck and this on the ice. And you know the game is going on. But he's not telling you anything. He's given you a song at the answer. But hey, back when I was up at New Jersey, I picked my nose. And then all of a sudden he heard whistle. Oh, and it's a tune-out in Devils. Chris Moore, I'm going to tell you. And then they got that girl on there that Elaine Chevrier. The worst makes Denise Patvant sound like Mike Lang, fostered who had Danny Gallavan all rolled into one. That's how bad Elaine is. Unbelievable. I find with them at QAM, I check the transmitter off right now. Do a goddamn public service. 10 24 W-I-O-D. There's never been anything like it before in your life. You've got to come up now. Bring the family. Charge or pay cash. But you've got to see this thing. It's in Bob's backyard. Phil Henry, 26th of EM on news, talking entertainment radio. 16 W-I-O-D. You were amazed at the alien autopsy performed on the Fox Network. Well done. For Rinsics, comes to Fox Weekly on. The autopsy show. I'm Jonathan Friggs. And you know the good-looking guy with the beard from Star Trek and X-generation. Keep your right. Join me on Fox as we actually try to get big ratings by cutting up dead creatures people thought didn't exist. On the autopsy show. Creatures like Bigfoot. Yeah man, I opinion this is not Bigfoot but a large teddy bear. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. But Tony, yeah. We'll also slice into the Loch Ness Monster. Oh, you weren't going to need a bigger table. And you'll shutter as we do a post-mortem on the abominable snowman. The car for the air after you remove the charcoal eyes. Are you carried now? You can begin to go after the corn cloud pipe and all those little bit he's stick on. Fuck. Yeah. Don't miss the autopsy show on Fox with me Jonathan Friggs because after all, well that Star Trek, my career says dead is everything we're going to be cutting up. That's what he had at WIDC. George has got some on George's a hypoconry. I just want to know that he's always sick. I said here every day, try to do a show and in between your calls I'm listening to a lot of puke in my head as a spinning and my in my kishki's are falling out. So anyway, he's got what I've diagnosed is a hypohernia just by hearing about it, which is a pain like in the middle of the pubic. And you know, it's a hypohernia. You won't go to a doctor. He won't take any maylocks or anything good. And he just sitting there and pain because he enjoys it. He's a massacist and a hypoconry. So if you're at an old lady's out there, who got a hypohernia, why do you call in and give George off the air please, some advice. Call him up and let him have it. Okay. And some advice too. That'll help. Here's a pompano. The press. About what? Oh, story out of it. Thought that hurricane game? Oh, it's a whole week and started out bad. Notre Dame won. Yeah, they deserved to lose that game. Oh, hope had the fixion on that one, baby. They were, they had them right on the hook and he lit them with a loft. Yep. And then, story out of it. Which did he scare the death side there? I want to get rid of that guy. Yeah. He misses every single start out with Sandy. He ain't going. He's still can't kick. When are you talking about? He was, he was great up until toward the end of last year. He started tailing off and he's finished. Yeah, now he's done. Yeah. And he used to be great, but he sucks now and I think they should get rid of him. Yeah. And the defense sucks and Kirby is the only thing they got other than marina. And Danny's out for the year. Is that a rumor or is that true? Well, it's a possibility. Let's put it that way. We'll find out for sure at noon. We got deep-oes over there at the hospital at the training camp. He's following him around like Stink on the Shula. I saw a man that should top one of the bank buildings. Maybe that's where he was because he was absent there. And at the, did you notice on that last call by Zimfer? He was nowhere to be found. Ramirez, he's on top of a hundred biskay tower right now. They're trying to talk him down. Zimfer got a lot of shit. He's checking out. None. None. It's either, I mean, you know, you talk about guys being homers. But I mean, you know, when the other team scores, I mean, give them a little bit of credit. At least it's a sighting point in the game. You can do it with the tone of your voice. It's a show that you're not excited. But just to say, it's good. That's it. I'm right here. Goodbye. I mean, what is that? That's not calling a game. That's just being a, a simple. How about JB Brown and Troy Vented their coverage, man? Aren't they? Yeah. What is the story there? They pointed out that terrible buckly. Oh, God. Yeah. Green Bay got rid of them. Uh-huh. And they got, uh, keep Jackson return. He's, did he, did he, did he show it up? No, he didn't show up. That's what I mean. Oh, I see. That's that's a good point. I'll be on the Panthers. Look pretty good last night. They had some offense. We scored four goals. Bees are played real good again. And uh, good turnout of people. No, not good at all. Terrible. awful. And it was an exciting game. It was really a shame because, you know, Calgary's a pretty solid team. And we beat their pants. And, uh, you know, very sad. Very, very physical. A lot of fights, a lot of a near fights. A lot of very bruising physical. This dog McLean man. He's got me sold in one game. They're going to be all right. I mean, the fact they went into come against the devils. Devils are, you know, defending Stanley Cup champions. They got great defense, great goal-tending. The only thing about the Panthers, a little nervous. These guys still don't want to shoot to puck man. They who don't want to shoot it. They're trying to make cute little passing plays. They're trying to be finesse guys, which they're not shoot it. You shoot it toward the net. Good things happen, guys. That's it. Great deal. I want to call Jeff an asshole. I want to say hi to Pierce. Okay. Cheer up, pal. Cheer up. Okay. Life goes on. It's just a ball game. Okay. So after you slit your wrists, then say, I feel better now. We have an open line in Broward. Five, two, four, WIOD, one on the Green Line. Well, I can remember the old days back when I was a dolphin fan. And all of you people were dolphin fans. At least the, you know, the day after the game, they'd win. We'd be cheering playing that dolphins fight song, you know. But now I got a team like I said, I can't score in a Kathy's house. And I don't even pay much attention to be honest with it. Because I was a hockey game. So luckily, I was spared the misery. Or watching that awful performance by the Patriots last night. See, you know, what you're all depressed is one thing to keep in mind. In the, at least in the eastern division of the AFC, who's going to challenge Miami? Nobody. There's nobody in there. The bills give me a break. Even a booger, it privately off the air, admits that the bills suck that Kelly's done. He's finished. He's got a bald spot bigger than the state of Florida. So who's going to challenge him in there? Then the only problem is once they get into playoffs, uh-oh. And of course, now that you got side-settle coasts, I'm going to be starting this quarterback. It could be a long rest of the day. They've only played, uh, what, what was that? The fifth? Was that the fifth or the sixth game? I think that was only the fifth game. They're like four and one. Or is it five and one? Whatever the hell it is, baby. They're, uh, in deep due to, okay. So like I said, I'd get real depressed. So we'll have work keep in our eye and at Marino situation, believe you'll me, baby. We are keeping in touch. Defoe is all over it. He's a follow-up again. He's everywhere. And as soon as there's some definitive, I mean, you know, we can screw out a little bit, but we need some help. Yeah, that's for damn sure, but we'll give you the straight dope and then we'll make up some good stories too. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Uh-oh. Don't do it, pal. The guy at Fort Lauderdale's on the edge. Oh, too late. Another dolphin fan. Open line and Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. One on the green line. One, eight, hundred. Here's the North Miami. Hello. North Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. Good for me. That's you. Me? Oh, mine a wrong line. You're not a good city. That's all right. You're a good for city. Well, that's close enough, wherever you are. You're on a deadline, Cooper City, and I'd like I said, North Food, Dave. Yeah, who can? Okay. Long time, Litter, first time call. Great. I just wanted to make one comment about the game. Be my guest. Okay. Like I said, he wasn't supposed to get on the air. We have an open line in date, seven, five won. Was that Shula? Oh, that was Gary Stevens. Nice offense. They're in a second half by the way. Gary, they really moved that ball. They're usually up and on a field. Good time, you know, good to kill in the clock. Yeah. Oh, there's Drew Blitz. So, at Abel, I drew you still look okay, baby. And at the nice blue and white, you look like crap. There's another in completion who to held her up that one. Benny, Benny Coats, it's on the ground. Well, it took somebody had to make the goddamn Broncos look good. And let the Patriots be the ones to do it. Here's a lady in Coconut Creek. Hello. I'm Yolk. Yes, ma'am. I just see you every day. Uh-huh. And I know you hate old people. Oh, there's a phone. So I don't hate old people. All right, let's say, what? You don't like this. I don't like who? I don't like crabby old people. Oh, I'm a dropper. Uh-huh. This is me. I have that. No way. We have an open line in Broward. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, 1 on a green line. Don't you know I hate old people? Get out of here, lady. They're all wrong with you. You say, you may, I hit. That's one of reasons I don't like a lot of old people. It's because of you. You got nothing to say to me. You just heard I had something for free. Little women with one older rider. Oh, my god. Who would want that piece of Drek? And he's called up. See, nobody likes a snorr, okay, honey? Nobody likes a snorr. Oh, by the way, who are we getting our free lunch from today, George? Hey, we're having Dennis for lunch today. I mean, Dennis is coming in for lunch today. I'm going to give him some hockey tickets. And he was there with Frank who's lost a lot of weight. I had a couple of people come by last night who, at the game, who were lost some weight on the egg. Just one guy, 20 pounds. One of the real good things last night, I shouldn't say this on here because I'll give myself a canary. But one of the great things that I really enjoyed that game extra lot is that a few people like Scott the Gardener guy, he's a good guy. Beautiful girlfriend, too, by the way, George. Almost as pretty as Scott is. All he needed to shave that stuff off Scott. But anyway, there were a few people came by, but it was nice and peaceful. Oh, man, I didn't have like a whole line of, oh, all those groupies and hangers on, bugging a hell out of me. And it was, it was very enjoyable. A good time was said by, except of course, when ponytail came by with those fingernails. Don't you understand, nobody wants to see that. Nobody wants to eat food that's prepared by a guy who's got fingernails that look like that, okay? I don't want to give you like any ideas, but if you cleaned up your act a little bit, maybe got a haircut, maybe got that crap off your fingernails, maybe look like a real men stop wearing those goddamn awful. Oh, what was that thing he was wearing last night? Should have been illegal. You probably like triple your business up there at the trough. But hey, who might it tell you, man? 1036 at W.I.O.D., a very sports depressing weekend. Thank God for Doug McLean and the Panthers bail on us out. One win in town over the weekend. It was the Panthers and you weren't there to see it and shame on you. And when we had that game with the Canadians on Wednesday night, those damn Montreal Canadians in that, uh, shlomi koevo, whatever his name is, you damn well better be there. If we don't have a sellout for those kind of dins on Wednesday, I'm going to be pissed off. And Thursday, you're going to hear about it. I'll tell you that right now. And by the way, Jeff Irmer, your no-mic, you couldn't kiss Mike Lang's, uh, so anyway, 1037 at W.I.O.D., the opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on W.I.O.D. You're not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors. All W.I.O.D. programs are copyright 19.95 by W.I.O.D. Incorporated. No take recordings for transcripts, maybe create an order distributed without prior written consent of W.I.O.D. Incorporated. On hundreds, Bob Pack would never reside from the Senate, but you can still see him on TV because he's gone from seespanda Saturday morning. If the body were a package show, take a wear of heavy gums. He's the host of the town from the Beltway on Down. The girl's all winking the knees. When he fumbles and drops every girl lives in gold. From day he'll be finally me. Oh. Former Senate, the winner, G.D.O.O. My, oh my, let it go. Let's thank all for those. Ha ha ha ha ha. It's about to work after show. The Bully Wood Packer Show Saturday mornings on TV.A.S. 1042 at W.I.O.D. on a really great Monday man. It's just fantastic, very heavy sports intensive and credible. Yankee Mariner games over the weekend. The Mariners went and out. They pulled it out. Randy Johnson showing the balls of an elephant comes in air and pitches on a couple of days rest. And, you know, they did get that one run the top of the 12. But that was just window dressing just to make it more exciting. But what a guy, huh? The only problem is now they got to play Cleveland. Seattle's got no pitching, but they give it a good shot. I was going guys, get the Yankees out of there. Oh, all right. Get that Steinbrenner back where he belongs. I would love to see him look on his posts at the end of that game last night. I would have just loved to see that. Here's North Miami. Hello. Good morning. Last week I said, I'm going to finally, I always, every once he or I bet the dolphins with the spread and I lose my money. It's like, I strike like a religion with me. I must give him $50 to the bookmaker every year. Nice spread it. Yes, do they pick? So I did it one by one. So the FMW, we're watching the game with a friend. And he has a better in the game. And it's 24 to three. It's only 10 points spread. Good luck on the cover. I'm going to cover because it's not a chance you're going to cover. I promise you every time you've been in the dormant with the spread, you guarantee people lose. Yeah. And it's sure enough they just suck at it. It's horrible. Can't stand them anymore. I want you. I've never really got them here. Say crap. Right. What's the watch of anymore? It's the big tease man. It's like a whole bunch of four play. And then when you get to the really heavy duty stuff every time they never let you down with this, with this coach, which is this whole coaching staff. I remember the 70s. They used to run the dolphins. Not now, man. You got to see now coach. You got these. I mean, the fact that Steven's in all of a dotty are still around after all these years of failure. Like what? So astonishing. Why can't we get rid of one of the summoning coaches? Why with every other team? They change coaches like I change underwear. Right. But we keep the same guy in and make him do the job if he doesn't produce cut his ass. Oh, the disgust. And the rest of them too. I'm a lot of invented. Okay. I have that tape from my wife. Sure. No problem. Hang on. He wants little women. Well, that's what they all want. He's on to take care of our good pies on there. Okay. Thanks to Tony, the dark nose, Marina, whatever the hell is over there at the arena. Thanks a lot, Tony. For straightening me on. See, I'm important over there. God damn it. Although, not important enough for them to fix that seat that was broken. I had to get thanks to Jeff Moss for getting that seat fixed there. So what he grabers little girl didn't have to sit on cement at the game last night. Talk about hemorrhoid inducing. Oh, there's Randy Johnson. Edible. I ran to your do it at baby. He may be lean and mean and ugly, but poor heek sure can whip at candy and he can throw that ball a little bit too. Here's a and boy, everybody's really upset about these. This wife beating make no mistake about that. That the trial, whatever the hell I guys name was, what was that? That girl in the cold. That trial sure raised the consciousness of the public. And the fact that everything spikes was running and carrying and scoring touchdowns. Nobody's concerned about that. They just want to say, we don't care. There are guys you say, so go out there and win for me. We don't care how many of Margotta jail. Just make sure you give him a little reprieve to the game is over. Here's candle. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Great. I'm just going to face it. The toss of police. Yeah. I mean, I'm a stealer fan. Is terrible? Yeah. All the stealers nice game by the way yesterday, pal. I don't believe we're meant, but I got a face of a bottle of fuck. I hope you didn't see it, did you? No, I did. I mean, I got the I got the RC. I'm not going to watch it. Oh, man. They're at the end of the game. They had every chance in a world or win that game. And O'Donnell is like, oh, I saw the last, I lost the last moment when he wouldn't run. He wouldn't run. He wouldn't run. All he's got like 10 yards ahead of nothing but clear green pasture there. And he's looking for a receiver when he's looking and he's a, and he finally throws it away. And the announcers were going nuts. Like, how could he have done that? O'Donnell sucks, man. He does. Without a quarterback, when you're in the quarterback, when you listen back in there, I see, where would everybody a favor and get Bradshaw back suit him up and get him off TV. We'd pay a money to get him off the two. That'd be great. I am an New England fan, but I see a dealer fan in the England fan. We need a couple years for New England. Yeah. I don't want to die on our theater fan. And dolphins, I hate the dolphins. They thought completely sucked. Oh, yeah. They only think they got on this pretty cold there. Yeah, there we go. Bernie. But Bernie is it now, baby. It's his it's on his sloped shoulders now. All right. Well, thanks. Good luck to you, Peter. I've got three crappy teams, dolphins of patriots and, and the, uh, Steelers spread it around pal. That's the way to do it. Just like me with those Leafs eight to three lost to the penguins Saturday. But they look pretty good. The first period four to three. A lot of girls in the first period. And then the Leafs, uh, I don't want to go into it. Okay. We'll be all right. Open lot two open lines in date. Welcome to the WIWD. We got one on a purple line. Very sports intensive, which is a good way to get away from a kill in the cold. You know what? Okay. Because enough is enough. That crap already get out with our lives. Get back to reality, baby. Let's stop with a cockah. All this nonsense. Just remember what Tom Jickus says, man, TV has got nothing to do with anything. Okay. It's just a damn TV show. By the way, speaking of the thing about teenagers gambling in the casinos. Do you know that in, uh, many of the European countries like in France? There's no legal drinking age? I don't think in Italy, they're I'm not sure, but I don't think there is. And like movies are not. There's no such thing as NC 17 and PG. There's there are no ratings on movies, even a Pope can't arrange it over there in Italy. Now, how is it that they somehow managed to get through life? But they're not being brainwashed and manipulated. And also, you know, not taking responsibility for their own, uh, hysteria. What is that all about? Well, now what came is this that we're watching here. It's to guide them, uh, red wings and on the orlers. Well, hey, listen, every dog gets it's day 10 48. So do you get any help out there, Georgia? Any old ladies calling in about your high little herniate? No, come on, all you old ladies, all you yenters out there. All you do is call up Georgia. He's got a high eightle hernia. And if you don't watch it, he's going to be spending it on a long high eightest road. Uh, you probably don't live far from high eightest road, right? One street. There you go. What did I tell you? It's an almond. And Reno does have a torn cart made to be scheduled for surgery this morning. I'm saying now what? The dolphins lose to the colds and lose down Reno. Tonight, when he's so enchanted, he's sports talk 610 dolphin edition live from Flannigan's at North Miami, the latest on Reno and the fans. 605 tonight on news talk at entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins there right here. Yes, there, Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins are everywhere. Yes, there, Miami dolphin. Miami dolphins. Sportscore. Miami dolphins are okay. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins are everywhere. You know, it's kind of interesting. They've all seen people that were carrying on about. They're going to go into feed it. They're going to have like, they're going to win a Super Bowl. And all of a sudden they lose one game. They stink to join out. They blow up big lead. And they just perform an abomination on a field. And right away, everybody just turns like a worm. Where's that loyalty? Where's that spirit? Where's that it's gone? Okay. Here's a mobile in Fort Pierce, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. You know where the loyalty is? Where is it? Back in the 70s. Oh, let me tell you something. Can't live in the past, though, man. You know what, don't you know what, don't you know what, don't you know what, check this out? When the dolphin at the zonters, the war fields and degrees. And when those guys got hurt, the second team was stepped in and kicked that. Romeral man. That's right. Those guys came to play every Sunday. They're going to, they knew they was going to kick your ass. Yeah. These guys are, well, I know Earl Morrell. Earl Morrell's a friend of mine and Bernie Cosa, ain't no Earl Morrell. I'll tell you that right now. What you call him to sideline? sidestep. sidestep. sidestep. sidestep. Imagine. Everybody's now. Marino's down. We're going to lose. And by the way, now that we know that Cosa is going to be playing next week for sure, going to be starting. They can't find anybody who's willing to play center for the dolphins because nobody wants Bernie with their hands under these clouds. I'm dumb, don't you? They may have a serious problem. But you know, I don't what I don't understand. They may have to play the whole game in a shotgun. And I'm going to use the handwork. What minute, okay? Maybe going to use the shotgun. Here we go, Bernie. I'm going to use the handwork. They got a bunch of hat prides. Okay, we have an open line. In the eight seven five, what? Jesus. Seven for a while. He's one of, you know, he's a black guy so we can use that word. But please, let's calm down. Let's stop at all these words. Okay? Because after a while, it just gets a little bit, I don't give a shit anymore. Okay. Here's Hollywood Beach, hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. Everything sucks, man. Did you see that for? That whole gun. The answer is baby. Oh, the answer is one last night. Now you're talking about some real man, even managed it, but instead. Oh, that was great. Too bad we couldn't put that on the air. And frankly, let's just go ahead and try it once. Now, why are they showing Wayne Gretzky scored on the Leafs? What is that? That's it. If you're going to show the append with zero-we-goaters, Mario. Mario's back, baby. Look out. Mario is back. Man, oh man, is this guy great? He could play better with one hand type behind his back than almost anybody else in the history of the game. Mario, he's dynamite. I hate to admit it because it was my Leafs they pounded. But Mario is back. Look out, league. In fact, I can't wait to see when a penwoods in a flyer is playing. It's going to be about a 14 to 13 game. Did you see any of that Montreal Philadelphia game? Either the highlights from that? Eric Lindros, John Loclair? Oh, my God. Now, what about the booker? Are we going to have any at least a phone? Andy. We're going to have a phone call from the booker today or what? It's very possible. Oh, come on. You got to tell Phil, he's got to get him on the phone. We must have at least a guest appearance by a booker-bell money today. The bills are tied with the dolphins now. The dolphins blow a 21 point lead in the second half. The booker must be ready to dance on Danny Boy's grave. I'm telling you. Here's a mobile in Alligator, Rally. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I have never been a red hot dolphin fan. But what dolphins I have caught has been on television. Not too much red hot kind of lukewarm today. Yeah. And, but a couple of weeks ago, I had the misfortune of listening to the dolphin game on the radio. Now, I'm going to send a line to the weather. I'm a Michigan fan, but I heard this guy, man, did he sounds like he's gargling razor blades? You jackass? Yeah. He said, this is the most beautiful one I've ever heard from him. He referred to something that he spent that done. And he said, what a gorilla effort. And the foot that hell is a gorilla. I don't believe it. Yeah. Okay, a lot of that stuff. I don't think Wayne's got a daughter. We have an open line on the green line. What a funny thing. Maybe the other son. I don't know. Maybe that's what it is. Get the junior honey. In fact, that is true because I noticed that Wayne's son came in the booth in the middle of the game yesterday. Managed turned around and said, grab my junior honey. Which I thought was kind of cute. But anyway, let's just applaud right along. Okay, as soon as we go, look at that Thursday on ESPN is that the one or the one or the Penguins in the black hogs. Yeah, we stay with quit mucking around with at the ESPN one and two with a penguin game is because then they keep black and out KBL and it's small dish. I'm going to tell you small dish people. Okay, as much as I do like this small dish. And if you can't get cable, it's the next best thing to have it a big dish. But having a big dish is where it's at. This business of every time somebody fart something's blacked out. I don't know. And that's the small dish. They're always doing stuff like that. Like back into playoffs. People at our real hockey fans, even if they don't like the penguins, they want to hear Mike Lang on KBL. They don't want to have to listen to Gary Thorne on ESPN 2 or some douchebag there. They want to hear the real guy. Okay, and I don't care what your firmer says. You know, like both campers says, Rimmer, you're better beef up if you want to compete with a big guys. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I'm saying what it's really trying. Just for us. Yeah. You're going to love it. You're shot by my camera. And Gary was easy to stop at the auger. Mom, I'm going to look out here. The auger comes up. Yeah. You're a really good singer. Lovely. Yeah. You're a really good singer. Lovely. And Gary, I'm here with a great play of Golden Ozey. And I was, you want to sell my money. Yes. Yes. And then it was fun. Because Rimmer tried to steal that lime when Jodie Hellsquid at one goal or that giveaway last ID says she wants to spank my monkey. Come on. If you're going to steal lines, at least get him ride Rimmer. Here's a mobile info. Hello. Hello. My name is Neil. My name has a daughter who's shot years for both teams. Oh. They could take the ball from the goal. Like no one's ever seen. They're not in the ending. Not in the ground. They're never in the middle. Yeah. And when you see my enemy, you're talking to it. Oh, it's gone. Oh. Because we're the toilet ball by our fair. Oh. Ooh. Beautiful. I love it. Everybody wants to go to a ball. Huh? Oh, that's in college. I'm sorry. So how about those hurricane? You see, you can fake it for so long. Even at sex bitch tonight. She knows about all those guys fake in those orgasms. She knows. Huh? Even at squirts. Now you fake it. You're not. No, that's not for real. But boy, oh, boy. This town has been fake in it for years. And now all of a sudden the worm is really turning. Let's find a hurricane fan somewhere out there somewhere someplace. Somewhere in America. One. The progressive alternative to the Schlok FM R. Oh, my god. The 10 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. How news talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Danny under the nice. Good morning. It'll love in a clock time to record the news talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. News when you need it. 610 WIOD. I'm Andrew Friedman with 610 WIOD's time-saber traffic. The support service of preparation age. I'm an accident northbound pulmeto on the entrance ramp to ease sound dull and just a few minor delays through there. For our county has three separate collisions northbound 95. One at 595. The other at sunrise and one at Hillsboro. Five would use power line or 441 as an alternate route. If you take hemorrhide series, we'll need a serious medicine. Reprogram preparation age provides effective relief from hemorrhoidal symptoms. And is used more than any other name brand. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Recommended. Repration age. Use only as directed meal. And that's the latest time-saber traffic with 610 WIOD. A good chance for rain to be 88 for a high. 78 tonight with more rain in the forecast. It's 80 right now on South Florida. Next news at noon. Bulletin's at once. I'm Terry Griffin. News talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Reprogram. Now let's get going. *** Signives. I'll believe my bobandick... huge profit is planet converging. We need 500,000. I'll be back somewhere right now. been immersed with for nine or ten months. And you know, Jacob points out on his column and is usual time you're so far off-based at its frightening about the man's in trial-asted nine months to hell-side-strangler went on for 23 months. The McMarton trial dragged out for over three years, all-born California and on TV. That's right, but of course the fact is none of those became like a public preoccupation. People didn't become obsessed with it and it went on and whatever happened happened, okay? Okay. Anybody got their McMarton family jewelry yet? They're trinkets from no? Oh, yeah, there's every kind of we got the Oranthal Productions now man. He has any suen, he suen everybody that's all anything with his name on it and you're going to collect millions and billions and trillions and they're going to make me because hurts to want him back. But let's not talk about that. Here's a four-later day, hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. You know, I went to the Kansas Game last night and that's the most exciting game of hockey that I've seen in about the 15 or 20-panties game that I've been to. Yeah, that was good and there was a lot of good physical game, a lot of good stuff. And they were moving the puck up and down the ice. You know, the neutral zone was moving back. Right, I got rid of that trap. I'm telling you, people that were against the new rules man, they were dreaming. This is what people want to see. They want some action. It was great. I didn't think these were that great though. Those goals, the first two goals, I don't know. They were a little bit, what do you want to come cheesy? No, I didn't think so. I thought the last one was greasy that third one. I thought he should have had that. Yeah, well, I've got a piece of it. You could hear it and then it just kind of trickled in. Yeah, the first time I've seen Flip Flurry play though. He's incredible. He's frightening. He is good. And he was, he had the flu. He wasn't even a feel like I couldn't. He still was dangerous last night. He was great. He was great. Well, listen, I wanted to say it was. I was listening to the game on the radio on QADM on Saturday. Oh, that was, I was trying to get it on the TV and I could see it on TV. But I was listening on the radio. That guy stinks. The worst. He's so bad. He's like three players going on and he calls one of them. Bad. Okay, pal. See ya. Have a great day. I don't hear him call any of them. I just hear him rambling about stuff that is nothing to do. And you know, you're on radio, Chris, you're on a radio. You got to paint a verbal picture. You got to describe what's going on. You can't talk about some kind of crap that happened to forsake. New Jersey 10 years ago in a convenience store when you were buying pickled eggs. People want to hear it description of the game. Okay, you can't do it. You can't do it. Can't do it, man. He can't do it. And at Elaine, Jesus. Bring back Moana Han for crying a lot. That's how bad he is. She is. It is. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. Two on a green lines one, eight, hundred, nine, four, four, W, Y, O, D, you notice that? And last week, boy, did we have open lines on a station. No way Jose, man, from Tuesday through Friday, air v show on Speaker and air v show three, forty, five. The Saturday night. We're going to have the official press conference with Shula and they're going to want to ask you all the MS or as much as they want to tell you about the marino situation, but, but that's according to Steve Nickel, which makes it dubious number one. And number two, it's gonna be right in the middle of the fill Henry show. Are you sure? Well, that's the point. So if we hear Schuola, is it gonna be the real Schuola? Or is it gonna be, that's the only problem there. Okay, you'll have to tune in, find out for yourselves, 345. And I wouldn't be surprised that the book is getting, now what are all those tickets you got there? What is that? I thought you just handed your door door, but I'll, uh, uh, 100 paritickets for something. What, oh, it's a cassette? Of what? Of blank. Oh, cassette of blank, well, back to you, the same thing to you. Here's a parkland, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Before starting, I think it's only fair to say him, but the spawned in Yankee, Fran, but what can you say? Edgar Martinez is God. Yeah, he is. Unbelievable. And it's just, uh, you know, it's just the sad part. It's if any of the other series we're still going on, someone in the country wouldn't have seen that game last night. That's right. That was quite amazing. Well, they said it'll never happen again, but at the meantime, they really stuck it to, you know, ABC and NBC with this baseball network, this whole crazy cocky made me think of there's the schedule, these playoffs with this two and three deal, which is totally unfair. And then, of course, the televising, just really screwed it up big time. And at the time when they're trying to, you know, get interest in baseball back when he had some really great games in these playoffs, like the Braves and Rockies, had some great games. And what do they do? They stick it to the public. Well, you had your, um, like your wildcard teams involved in the best series the rock. Right. And rock absolutely. Rock, you got to head into those rockers, man. They play the Braves tooth and nail. I give him, uh, up till that last game. Every game was like tooth and nail. Yeah, they had any kind of bullpen. They might, you know, still be playing right. I mean, the bullpen forget about the bullpen. When he had to bring in Randy Johnson and Jack McBowl, uh, the last game. It was quite, well, the red desperate. Yeah. Anyway, and Randy Johnson is pretty awesome. So, yes, he is. A couple of points. Number one, uh, all we heard about was, uh, we got to roll buckly now. One of an excellent addition to our nickel package. Yeah, uh, with the doubt that he was a pro. Well, that's what they're worth now, baby. Yeah, about a nickel because that's a. A nickel about four cents. He played every bit as well as he did last year with the Packers. Yeah. Nothing but because it's often got him out of the superstar. And I know you have the capability to dig this out somewhere. You come, sure you've got the cart of the Missed Feel Go and San Diego. And managed how about as much to say yesterday, as he did to say for that one calling the feel go that end of the game. The Missed Feel Go by. Yeah, he just, he just vanished in the corner. He's out of the booth. He has his pants. He's front of his mouth. The whole game. He's screaming less than right. And I'm purposely, you know, when we get in the game like that, when dolphins are about to tank it, I'll turn out the radio on just to listen to him. And he gets his quiet as a church man. Mm-hmm. He never hear him. In fact, we're driving to the hockey game and listening. And of course, as the culture making it last drive to get the time touched down, he kept carrying on. They kick it to the hard body. They kick, they kick, they kick, they're almost good. They just kick it up down. They kick, touch him. Yeah, it was a beautiful place. Nice losing it. Tough weekend for my ambie fans between the Kings and the Dolphins. And I'm reading Jeff, they had some quotes in here by Jeff Cross. Yeah. Talk about how bad Harvoy is. Yeah. This guy is in a John L. Way or Randall Cunningham. Randall Cunningham. Yeah, Randall Cunningham. We didn't play Rodney Pete played the game for the Eagles yesterday, by the way, and the poll that that was a good game, too, man. That was a dynamite game in an overtime. Gus for Rod played great for the Redskins. That was an exciting ball game. And then he's also saying he was one of the worst teams he faced all year. What did he do? They played that a good for that. The excellent point. So what's going to happen when they do play a good quarterback and a good team, they're going to get their ass kicked. Well, they got two tough ones coming up with the jets in the same. Yeah. Combined one and ten. How does the team that wins the division championship wind up with a last play schedule like they did? I don't believe it. I don't get it. I mean, they're at New Orleans after jets. Then they got Buffalo. It should be tough. Yeah. Then at San Diego, a tough game. Then they got New England. Then a real team in the 49ers. Right. At the cold. And then Atlantic Kansas City Buffalo. Same. So they got maybe like two or three real teams on a schedule all year long. Now the teams should go like 13 and three. Right. And the winner will be another 11 and five and other 10 and six year. Got to love it. Well, they should have known about Buckley, man. When he already got Bernie Coast, our team, they shouldn't. They didn't need another packer. Have another great day, pal. Hi, Neil. See you. We have an open line in Broward 524, 100 Green Line, 1-800, 113, and Wiod. Oh, man. Can you imagine if from Reno is going to be like out for many, many, we even arrested the season? There is going to be a wake. Can you imagine the scene tonight for that? Oh, Jesus. That's Flannigans with D-4. And I wouldn't be surprised if what's his name. You jack-ass don't show up at Flannigans tonight. I could be wrong, but I wouldn't be surprised. 16, Wiod, Ben accident, waiting to happen. Hi, this is Randy West and they don't come any better than mere Neil Rogers. Scored, Scored? It's so beautiful. Diamanne, behood, we sleep until Tim and my neighborhood. Could you be my? Well, you'd be my neighbor. Hello boys and girls, welcome to Mr Riches' Neighborhood. I'm Keith and I'm so glad you could join me today. I didn't begin his cigarettes with food, did you? I'm here. Let's see what we've got. So a few little bastards today. Shall we? All right. We'll be checking with my record label to see what the keep in the latest royalty check. Oh, I'm sorry, Kiddies. I guess I used to announce to you, we're a didn't I? I saw right, nothing, your mum and dad don't see all the time, eh? Oh, I see from the calendar on the wall, it's transfusion day. That means they're nice folks in the American Red Cross, we're stopping by with their lovely, blood mobile. Ow, perhaps it's him now. Let's go and see, shall we? Well, what a surprise. It's my carrier friend from Amsterdam, Mr. McNeely. Hello, Mr. McNeely. What kind of special treat have you got for us today? You've got your regular ship and what the hell do you think I got, your freak? And this time they won't pay me on full before that you have the package. Oh, Kiddies, you look so away. It's just about time on the old show. Mr. Richardson is himself a little eye open if you're kiss my meaning. We should enjoy tomorrow when we'll take a trip to the shopping mall to pick up some new spoons. Well, that'll be fun. Mr. Richard's neighborhood has made possible through a grant from the American Pharmacological Society and the Center for Taxicity Research. Stay tuned next for a Sesame Street Fight Man on PBS. 1119 at WOD to purple on 18-T Wireless is waiting on your pound-io-d. Let's do Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, a couple of points. First of all, I think the game. I'm a cab driver and I had Neil with, I had, um, I had a horrible, and I had him and my cab last year. Cold sports away two years ago. We had a three-man rush. We got six great linements sitting on the bench. Three of them sitting now. Yeah. Why don't we play him? Why do we hire him for it? Because he has to play, we don't play him? No, they can't give him a fighting chance. Yeah, but Edmund had the best play of the day. I mean, we're in a chueless star. Where were his origins in the NFL? Yeah, I know. That's right. The great days with the coast, Johnny, you with a whole gang there, you know? Right. He's afraid of birds to cold for his son. Right. He's, you know, he get rid of him. You know, people are forgetting, I guess, they got a shirt memory, but man, they were lucky in hell to pull that baby out last week. They damn you lost to the bangles who lost to Tampa Bay yesterday. That's right. You know what the irony is? Jimmy Johnson before the game was talking about how fire and field goal kickers. Mm-hmm. Chueless won't fire us to the out of it. No, of course not. No, they haven't got to play Edmund. Why don't they play Edmund? I can't, I can't believe he's waiting for the steroid chip into coming. Yeah, we can barely stand up against him. Oh, oh, oh, the stinkin' the body. Okay, pal. Bye, bye. Good luck. You'll need it. Here's another, a lot of disgruntled people here today in town. And this is the place, man. You came to the right place. Get it off your chest. Let's have an outpouring. Just get it out of your system. There are people who are so ample, plactic that they can barely speak. They're just, they're, they're, they're pitoth. Okay. They're disgusted. They've again had that thing dangled in front of their nose. And at the last minute, somebody yanked it away again. Just what they thought they were going to grab it. And Cherish should end squeeze it and funnel it. It's gone. Here's, uh, Davy. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah. Hi. Uh, once I can hear. Time's up. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, what, Davy? Okay. Here you go. Oh, you doing some business there, is that it? Yes. Okay. Tell him to bug off. Okay. Time just leave you the money and get out. Okay. Thank you. Thank you, pal. Hello. Yes. Okay. Do you hear about that, uh, Mayor One of Smoking President, we got, but he said he didn't inhale. Yeah. Well, we also asked him about home was sexualality. Yeah. We have an open line in Broward 5-4. That was really great. Well, I didn't know that was excellent. Okay. I hope that guy brings it back. Whatever you just sold him. Okay. But it's counterfeit. Let's go to a mobile in, uh, candle. Hello. Hey, uncle, how you doing, buddy? Okay, pal. Good. Uh, I just wanted to say I am so happy to see those. Miami hurricanes, um, the, uh, the cut rate team, people they are. Get their asses whipped. Huh. It was wonderful. Ha ha ha. Wonderful. There. Yeah. You know, they've been asking for it. Finally, now they'll learn the meaning of humility, uh, perhaps. Uh, uh. Yeah, that Brian Cox, man. These guys have been talking a big game. They've been opening up a big mouth and they were pissed off. They didn't play all that good against the bangles. They were going to show everybody yesterday. And you know the thing that they did, I don't know where everybody surprised because one of the trademarks, because I saw it for five years as a seasoned ticket holder up till this year when I learned my lesson. But for five years, I went out there and a one thing I discovered is they play like maybe two good quarters or some games even three. But they almost never play an entire four quarters of a football game. Yeah. And so after three quarters, yes, that in fact after the first half, that said Baby Ward Dunmore finished. See ya. And of course, you know, I hate to use the old well here we go again. But look, the last two games with the dolphin, it's going to the same old Garbage. Yeah. And now, one of the things that I like about you is you're very subjective when, you know, when you have your opinions and you look up all sides. But that, what's his name? That Kim Boe camper. Yeah. I'll go about an asker. He should have a statue made right alongside Ross Perola and Larry King and Manditch. And now what does name? Who says he kissed an Occas. I noticed that he left his head there. Oh, he was kissing Wayne's ass? Yeah. About what? Sometime ago, but Kim Boe camper is a major major bonehead. And by the way, Kim, you left your giant economy sized chapstick in the studio. I mean, what a pinhead. But anyways, have a good one. Okay, back to you, pal. Yeah. Open line in 10th. States, have a boy there. Hostile today, man. They are pissed off. They're upset. God damn it. Yeah, look, you know, I, there were so many other games when you got the dish. You know, and I'm watching a really good games. They were exciting games and some interesting stuff. And then an Oakland Seattle game was kind of interesting early anyway. And what was the point even watching anymore? The dolphins had them put away. It was no, I was like playing a goddamn high school team. Like a high school girls volleyball team against an NFL team, trying to play football. You know what I'm saying? It was a joke. Why even? And all of a sudden, man, it just, uh, I guess they got that same idea. Okay, let's do what I just go out there. Coast, not make any bad mistakes. You just coast their way through. Go over that famous pre-vent defense and just let a march on down the field relentlessly over and over again because it's in the bag. It's in the bag. Squeeze that bag a couple of times. See if it's still in there, Don. His bag is just like the one they had at that trial. Whatever that trial was all about, it was empty. 16 W I O D. Come on in, lay down on my tongue. He likes a set of color people. He likes a brand-new color people. Awesome, man. Driving to the front would have knifed with the glove in his bag. His other dance bag. Wits at the groundcoat because the wind doesn't leave up the trucks on the floor. A swat on the door. All the same, all the family were tuned and heard from. All the same, all the family. He tried the bloody clothes. Sips in the cage, oh. Back from the bag, her in fries and rest to rot in the air. Unloys in the rear. Oh, Jake's nothing. Dropping his socks in the bed, but the sun might be there. He's plotting some hair. Hey, you see, I'm the second one. The table of the dog from. Oh, he's still the ice of the sun. He's drunk, bloody bloody bloody bloody. 1128 at WID. There's a rumor not only rumors about Marina, but rumors about Vogueur Belmani, who may be a pop-up to Saffton O'No, can't fact. I wouldn't be surprised after that press conference at 345 at the Vogueur. He may actually intervene in that press. He may like to interject a couple of comments here in Arizona, but it's all over. Have some real hostile. Hey, listen, you're ready for it. You're used to what you deserve it. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Hey, you, are my own. Yes, sir. Well, a couple of things, if I eat them all. Little louder, please, I can barely hear you. Hey, if you don't mind a couple of things. Okay. Number one? The dolphin's was. Yes. Yeah. Number two, the fanther's was. Yeah. On with it. Number three, I think that... Can't hear you're like fading, man. Am I facing? Beking to that thing with little holes in it. Yes, okay. But you know, the whole point about it is that... What's the point? The point is that we have a great weekend this weekend. The dolphin's wasp, the panthers one. Right. And... You don't hear me complaining? Yeah, well, I know that. I'm on top of the little, man. Huh? I know you're a big hockey fan, man. That's right. I'm a static. Well, they, they both decided they were some day looks good. So, you know, it's a takeback. Number one, you're got two and... Eight hell with the Pope, all right? Okay, thanks for covering all the bases, pal. Larry did a better than King Griffey Jr. Get the junior, honey. We have an open line on a green line, 1-800-9-44. So there's another guy. I guess he and I are the only guys in town who aren't pissed off. What are you upset about? Michigan got beat. That's really good. You jack-at. Who's our old, can you imagine? I think Rick was right about that. Oh, that must be. That must be what did it. Not only is Michigan lose to a girl school north-western. I mean, I know they're four and one, but let's get serious. Not only is it the at home, no less in an arbor. I know it's only a goddamn college football game, but not only they could beat by north-western in an arbor. But then the dolphins blow that lead yesterday. I think managed maybe on the roof. In fact, if you drive by, you're obby state and if you're on a turnpike right now, and see a man getting ready to jump from that giant electronic scoreboard, that could be the mad dog right now, baby. Don't do it, Jim. Don't do it. We need you at Flanagan tonight. Then you can do it. Here's the West Palm Beach, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How are you doing? OK. Well, I'd just like to say about the dolphins game. Yes, sir. I think the dolphins proved in the first half. They could pretty much go out and run and pass and pretty much move the ball, move the chains, and just about anybody. Yeah. What are you talking about? Is where they plan a good team? Well, they were playing a pretty decent defense. OK. OK, but I think the problem with the Miami dolphins is the fact that Don't, she'll have dust seem to want to hurt anybody. She's feeling the ball right now. That's slower. Yeah. If he would just get off of that kick, man, the heck with this, do we know what we need to help? We're not, we're not Florida State. We're not going to blow people off the field. Yeah. But if we have the opportunity to do that, we need to do exactly that so that the Colts are sitting on the other side, lying, saying to themselves, hey, man, we can get back into this thing. Instead, they're going to be sitting there saying, hey, man, we are done. But did you ever really believe when it was 24 to 3? When a Colts were totally impotent, I mean, they couldn't move the ball at all. Did you really believe at that point they had a chance to get back in that game? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. And they didn't have a chance until Tom Oliver Donnie I didn't believe they had a chance to let put that prevents deep defense out there and give an opportunity to, you know, just keep marching down a field, showing up those gigantic Chelsea yardage. Right. I didn't believe they had a chance because of my aim, these defense. I thought they were a lot better than they were. I belged still believe they are. I believe Jim Harbog. Yeah, but wait a minute. Look at how that poor kid Blake ripped apart for the Bengals ripped apart that second they realized week. Three touchdown passes. Well, I give Blake more credit than Harbog. He's a better quarterback. I agree with your Harbog thing to join. I forgot got in his own. He let himself on fire yesterday. Yeah, a lot of people would have cared to see that. But it all started when they were sitting on the sideline just before half time. And you know, okay, we, you know, we're not out of this yet. You know what else must have really frosted manage. You know where Harbog went to school, don't you? Uh, Michigan. Okay, pal, he speaks list. We have an open line in day seven, five, one. So here's a university of Michigan graduate. Jim Harbog. Stunk with the bears. Stinks to join out with the Colts. Keeps of vying for the job with a kid with a pimply face Craig Erickson. And this kid all of a sudden goes out there. And in a fourth quarter, especially in the overtime, they made him look like Bob Greasy, Dan Moreno, Joe Montana, uh, YA title, uh, Arro Graham all rolled up into one. And through a Norm van Brockland just ends on agent now. Sonny Jurkinson, I think that's Bernie. Bernie wants to be Sonny Jurkinson. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? I'm doing great. I'm going to make it very short about the dolphin. I am sick of them. The situation is day to basically play against anyone. I mean, they proved that in the first quarter y'all. What happened is they have a total lack of discipline, a mental discipline. They have a mental problem. Yeah, they gave up. They just give up. They figured they didn't know what to do. We don't have enough of you to worry about. Yeah. I'm just going bunkers right now because I'm a season ticker holder. And I just can't take it anymore. Yeah. Every year's the same thing. They look good. They have great players most for the time. They what the hell happens? Time is right. Hell. Oh, look good. It takes us anymore. Oh. Yeah. Goodbye. Okay. Goodbye. Wayne did actually show his post like I said before. He must have had the limo zip him right over from the stadium after that heartbreak in laws. To the arena he was there for the Panther game. Everybody stayed the hell away from my notice, which is a good idea. And we pulled one out for him. There you go, Wayne. That's his for you, baby. So I'm going to be the first guy to say to Doug McClain, our new Panther coach. Nice going, baby. Oh, we had some offense there. We got 25 shots on the net, which sure beats the 17 against the levels that AB 4. We were physical and tough and they went out there and if they just learned to shoot the puck a little bit more, this team's going to score some goals and win some games. Right. Right. So welcome to Miami, Doug. We just, oh, and then of course in the back of your mind, you know, you keep thinking about oh, is this going to be our last season? Wouldn't that be depressing? Wouldn't that be like suicide and do see? But in the meantime, let's enjoy it while we can. Let's go out there for that game with the Canadians with the frogs and wins that and fill that arena up. I'm telling you right now because that crowd last night, okay. Let's make the excuse to often play it on the same day, went long and went over time. People were depressed. Okay. But Wednesday there will be no excuses, okay. Let's find out if these people in this town really give a crap about something good. Or they're just a bunch of phonies waiting for whatever they're waiting for. I don't know what it is. What are they waiting for? Who it now? Can we find out who the next hurricane opponent is? Even though this is no longer your hurricane station, we find out who they're playing in an ex game. I am just dying to find out the next hurricane home game. Which girl school they have on the, was it gambling? Is it like Southern Mississippi Tech Vocational School for the Deafdom and, uh, is that gonna be it? What school is it gonna be? Because man you'll be able to buy. I would be surprised if you can park like right up by the gate. You'll have your own personal parking space VIP if you show up for the hurricane game. You'll be able to sit right in the, uh, right on a 50 hour line, right in the front. Now, way up top anywhere you want on a 50. Okay. Either side, uh, whichever one you like best, depending on which way the sun is shining. It was a terrifying time. It'll hold. All right. Are we ready to order? I've got this section Martin. No, no, this is my table. Rungo bus boy, he's in section three and that's my section. Oh yeah. Now, show me the sun is everywhere. We're a world. Okay, Mr. Concer, let's see your bill comes to $2 million. Oh, that's true. A lot of money just for water. We're a world. Salad's wrestling. Sure, I haven't tattooed on my back. Yeah, read them yourself. We're a world. Okay, would you like a smokers or non-smoker section? Now, let's send them those everywhere. Please wait to be seated. 21 till noon at WOD. By the way, there's another rumor floating around the Danny Boy is all finished. We'll announce his retirement at 345 with Coach Shula and it's been hired as the new host on Passion Ball. Here's a call from San Diego. Hello. Yeah, hi. Yes, sir. Uh, my name is Andre. Yes, Andre. I'm calling from San Diego. Yeah. And uh, I'm a first-time caller. So I don't know how your format set up or what, but then how could you be calling me Showa Andre? I mean, what's the story you were from here? No, no, I'm from San Diego. I'm calling on this and what happened was, yes, stay at the the game. Because I go look at the old, don't forget games. That's what you're working. The dolphins played yesterday. Yeah. Yeah, well, okay, basically, um, I call an information to get your number. I didn't know who, how to set up was what, but I wanted to talk to someone. Because I know a pair. We have an extra support station up here. We're working. Listen to you. Yeah. We're calling. I'm so disgusted. I'm a long time dolphin saying I'm from Key West, Florida. Oh, I see. Yeah. And um, I just had to call him Vem my first station. You're from Key West? Originally, yes. Yeah. But I'm calling from San Diego. I'm not a lot of there, huh? Yeah. Do you want to play in or what? Yeah, long time ago. Okay. I believe you. Okay. Uh, okay. Okay. So basically, I just want to talk about a couple of things. Okay, go right ahead, pal. Get out of your system. Thank you. From coast to coast, they're talking about the dolphins today. That's great. I'm going to have it, man. Ripman. I can't wait. No, Vem a fear. Well, wait a minute. If you're in San Diego, you're not a were the fact that Dan Moreno is an injured knee now, are you? No, that's me. Yes, sir, and they had, they may have to do arthroscopics knee surgery. And they're having a press conference, Coach Hula, 345 this afternoon. And he's going to be missing, uh, least, uh, you know, a couple of ball games probably more than that. And, uh, it could be a serious thing. Oh, wow. How do you like that? So side-saddle Cosa is now the dolphin quarterback for the foreseeable future. Oh, great. But anyway, go ahead. I just, I don't want to build up your confidence for Go ahead. Okay. Well, basically, um, um, I'm tired of the team as far as they did. They don't play four, four court. I just got through saying that. They've been doing that for years, man. It go out there. Play maybe two real good quarters. Sometimes even once in a while, three, but they never play an entire 60 minutes of football, never in years. I know. I told a friend of mine that said, you know what that means. They gotta get to this first half. They should have looked good. But look good. They looked invincible, man. They were going through them like water through a sieve. They don't have the killer instinct. Yeah. They put teams away. Another thing, I mean, the defense is still seeing the thing. They don't put any pressure on quarterbacks. This guy, Tom, uh, Harboural. This is like Harboural times that. They all should call for retreats. They look like they look all like, oh, oh, they look like damn marino. Right. You know, and then storage, I mean, I got a love of guy. But I mean, I was at that playoff game. That shouldn't say any going. And when he missed that wide right, I just dropped my head. Yeah. You know, I mean, and now this, I mean, I think I think that's what started it. I think that was the one that really put them over the top to start missing the even a chip shot once now. Right. He's got the courage to do it now. So, I mean, so what, what will we go from here? What, I mean, is this something mentally physically wrong with the guy? And what? Would boil? Yes. I think, uh, I think he's hanging out with the coach too much. Too many showers with the coach. It's rubbing off. Yeah, well, anyway, so, uh, but you're saying, I just, it was just a couple things I want to talk about. Because I mean, I, I tell you, we've got a lot of dolphins. I just had a strong number. Yeah. A check this out. I don't know if you had got this here, but um, I was reading the sending a union, uh, 30, they said that five of the dolphins, why is it involved with, uh, what, what, what, a woman at the Playoff game, a last year? Beep to crap out of a alleged right. Yeah, it's supposed to the hearings on the 21st. I hear. Yeah. So that's a little tip, bit for you. And listen, by, we don't have to worry about it. Because by the end of the season, all the players in their wives will be in jail anyway. So don't make any difference. You won't have to worry about it. Well, hey, thanks for letting me call and talk to you guys. All right, Andre, have a great life. Thank you. See you. And then we call from San Diego. We're making it big news from Costa Coast with our Miami dolphin. I mean, you're Miami dolphins. How do you like that? Man, it's kind of a frightening thing, isn't it to think we're getting a call from a far away of San Diego? All I should have said him that, uh, that guy on a trip somewhere. And I'll know. Oh, no, not this again. Don't do it. The little flow has a football team. The greatest in the land. And everybody thinks that great, like, because they really are the buffalo bills. So that's not the whole one. See what I mean? So just sing a little. When you say buffalo. When you say buffalo. Super cool. And here you go. Buffalo bills. Buffalo bills. Dedicated, Stephen. They history of the human race. Dedicated. Buffalo bills. Dedicated, since sliced bread and canned beer. Yeah, there you go. And yet, and yet, jazz up that redneck stuff. Delicited at Benjo. Holy sweet God, listen to that. What you say buffalo bills, it don't sound so redneck, he do it. Everybody sing along now. How you feel, Ben? Here we go. You jacked out. Well, the buffalo bills are the best team. They have the best record over the last five years. And they went to the Super Bowl for a hard times, which is more than I can say for this, it's come suck and fission and they're at the greatest. Because they really like their uniforms. They sure is hell. Be it the heck. Out of having a fish on the helmet, cuz they're done. Buffalo whole bills. The best football team. What I ever seen in the history of my life. They ought to Buffalo bills. The buffalo bills. The whole Jim Kelly, the greatest quarterback in the league. Yeah, everybody. The buffalo bills. Dedicated Buffalo bills. And they've been around longer than the stinkin' rotten fish. Well, they're the buffalo bills. Buffalo bills. What would you rather have as a pet a buffalo or a fish? Yes, that's the buffalo bill fight, so on. All right. 1145 at WIOD, we're getting calls from all around the world, baby. Friend, this guy didn't even know that Danny Boy was, you know, in that he's hurting for a certain. Here's, now come on, you got to be pulling my leg on. It's the call from Atlanta. Hello. Anyhow, how are you? OK. We're not in the way and we're starting to land. We just don't have enough money to live up there. Are you in planes? No, he's green. We've been down the plane. It's very common. Yeah, bet. Anyway, we miss you. We've been gone three years from Miami. Just like Jimmy Carter's family, we'll come in. Yeah. Well, long time listeners. Great. Hey, how you got somebody off on the line, Matthew, why's the fox? Yeah. Matthew there? Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I can't get enough to you, Neil. And we had to sit on hold and listen to you here with junkies. Yeah, but they said a call from San Diego. Oh, from a guy crying about the rotten scum sucking fish. Do you hear that? Yeah, we heard him. Incredible. He heard him, but he's up rather early. The spot I guess is not that early. Neil. Yeah. Can you just tell, we hear the game yesterday? No, I was not. Oh, good for you. I wasn't the Panthers game last night. We won four, three over calorie maybe. We got one team and it's time we got a hockey team. Yeah. Now you're talking. Yeah. Well, I got I got run. Neil, it's very. Yeah, just one question. Yeah, bad as they rag on the hurricane to the dolphins. We don't get any of that. Can I just tell you this? Yeah. The hurricanes might as well not exist. But they are playing the night. They're the nicer boys out there now, right? But they're all you. Oh, you're real nice. Okay. That's right. Gentlemen. Good luck to pal. Okay, guys. See you guys. So the next hurricane opponent by the way, I'm glad he reminded me, because it's so easy to forget about them these days. Is Rutgers. Rutgers. Another girl school at 730 Saturday night. Now, if you want your own personal section at the Orange Bowl, maybe I think no problem at all. They'll pay you 25 bucks. Give you all the free beer you want. If you just promise to show up there, they'll give you a VIP parking spot right by the front gate. They'll give you a pro. In fact, if you don't want to drive, they'll even pick you up at a limo and bring you to the Orange Bowl. Okay? Just so we have a few bodies out there and see just how much support that program has got. It's amazing. See, if you just wait long enough, sooner or later, they show their true goddamn colors. We have an open line of Broward on a blue line. By the way, that's our color 524. We're blue. We're black. We're blue. We're the dolphins. 5249463. It's 1147 at Wiod. Dan Reno does have a torn cart. He can be scheduled for surgery this morning. And so now what? The dolphins lose to the colds and loose Dan Reno. Tonight, an EFO in Jimmandwich, reports talk 610 dolphin edition live from Flanagan's at North Miami. The latest on Reno and the fans. Six so far tonight on news, talk at Entertainment Radio. 610 Wiod. 149 at Wiod. De here's a facts from Patty. You says thanks for the Panther tickets. Had a great time last night. Nice going, Patty. Here's one. It says the three stoo just caused it off and is to lose. They're just just blows brown, terrible buckly and the brain stem. When the mad dog and Schuill over showering after the game, managed padded the brainless one-der-on-ass and said, yes, yes, pretty weak. And here's one. This is a repeat of a column that was in a Wall Street Journal. Friday, August 25th of this year, which I alluded to way back then when it came out. And here's somebody reminds me in big games, Count On Schuill, dropped them all. Oh, there's the headline. And it's got a right in the Wall Street Journal. It's got a whole big thing on it. Open line and date 7519463. Here's Hollywood. Hello. More shocking than the O.J. verdict. Yes. The Dolphins. They lose Dan Marina. I feel better than Danny. Yeah. Stop talking. You're not doing anything. Oh, good. You're not doing anything. You're not doing anything. Line four, George. Get him fast. You know who that is. Open line and date 7519463. 75 what happened to him? He disappeared. That was Woody. That was our good friend. So I guess we'll have to register. So how are we going to do that? How what do we do now? I guess we would do it again at one. Okay. Whenever. Open line and Broward. Five to well I tried. Five to four nine four six three. I was trying to get him out of town. Let's go to sunrise. Wait a minute. Here it is. Hello. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yes. I am. What's this about? Marina getting knee surgery. Did he spray his knee? Did he spray his knee? He's got a tear possibly. They don't know. They did the MRI last night. Yes. And he's got they don't know just how extensive it is. Whether it's torn cartilage. Whether it's they don't know. We're going to find out allegedly at noon. They were going to find out. But now Schulis got a press conference at 345. On the Phil Henry show. All right. So it'll be up to you to find out whether it's the real Schulis or you know what I'm saying. This is for real. It's only one down Schulis. That's for damn sure. Okay, power. See you. Open line and Broward five to four nine four six three five two four Wild. There's only one down Schulis. Maybe make no mistake about that. Right? Exactly. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Hello. Good morning, Neil. When is this? Let's drop this conversation about the dolphin's dropping a soap again. Okay? Yeah. Let's put gears and talk about something a little more important. And what could that be, sir? Gambling in South Florida. Oh. Don't let the sun sit on here. You're saying this. They might be tracing the call. Hey, never know. Now they're talking about they want to do the state. And with with great as they like five acre spot in like course. A coconut creek in North Broward. That's owned by the Indian. Yeah. They want to put in the gambling. Could see now right there. I'm all for the Indians, baby. I'm ready for it. Yep. I went that the meeting. They had the city commissioner is meeting. And the city commissioner is the coconut creek. Like, let's do it. Let's get going. So. Oh, this is the year. This is the voter's vote. Do it. It's a maple. Right. Well, I just think that's the bad man could happen to it. Okay. All right. Okay. Okay. You got 18 acres. Get ready to go to the casino. Yeah, we're going to have an age for smoking. We got to have an age for drinking. We had to have an age for gambling. We have to have an age for touching yourself. We have an age for touching somebody else. We got we got an and guess what? It's not doing any good. That's the sad part. But boy, we sure got a lot of laws. Lot of restrictions. Lot of repression and an age doing any good. What a surprise. We have an open line on a green line. 1,800, 9,4,4,9,4,6,3. I wonder how come what he wouldn't hold on there? And whoever was in Boca also didn't hold on. He must have caught it from him. Here's Boca online, purple line. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing, Neil? I'm doing great. How about you, pal? All right. Everyone's talking about the dolphins. Was those tancers. Yeah. Yeah. Did I? I was at that opening last night. I had a great opening. Think so, Neil. I thought the game was great. I thought the crowd was pathetic. Come on, Neil. It took him a long time to set all those laser lights. And getting enjoyed that. Did you hear what I just said? I said I thought the game was great. Everything was great. And the crowd was pathetic, is what I just said. What do the laser lights have to do with the size of the crowd? What the hell? It was entertainment. Is entertainment. It was great. I just got through saying it was great. And the game was great. I said everything was great. It was great except you used suck. We have an open line on a purple line. Pound IOD. Don't ever come back to one of our games, pal. Okay? Probably a freebie. And one on a green line, 1-800-944-494-63. If you're in Boko West Palm, one of those places up there. One of those really fancy fancy places, where all of you rednecks have no body old folks. Here is Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir? I'm just two comments on the dolphins. I think you're going to do good with co-zarks. Because maybe it'll stick to the running game. Yeah. And the Panthers. Is that the game I saw in great game? Yes, it was. Just two things I think they need to do. Yeah. Give a little more aggressive on defense. Start checking a little more. A couple times the players just walked right down to the ice towards the water. Yeah, that one time on Flurry scored. Man, it was nobody near him. He was almost like a penalty shot. Nobody near him. Exactly. All by himself. And another thing is all the cute little passes. Just shoot the puck. And exactly. Here's the guy that knows the game, baby. Quick try to be finesse and fancy. When you've got a bunch of young, you know, struggling players who are trying to make the grade. Don't try to be a goddamn Adam Oats and Mirriol Amu. Just shoot the puck at the net. And when you do that, good things often happen. Exactly. They could have had another 10 shots on goal. Maybe a couple more. It's a goal scored. There you go. All right, thanks. Okay, pal. Have a great life. Open line in date, 751. I see Dennis and Tiffany are here for little breakfast at Tiffany's. And guess when you find out who you get in lunch from, we're catering lunch for our friends here today. Did you bring any dice y'all for them or what? Oh yeah, George has got a lot of mailbox. Pony tells us going to come by with some good stuff. He said he enjoyed seeing you last night. Dennis, he wants a date. We have an open line on the green line, 1-800-944-494-663. And wait till he sees what I got in here. You're really going to flip out. Take a look at this. Oh, he don't want to look at it. Here's the lake worth. Hello. Hello, Neil. How you doing? What a wonderful weekend. Poppin' all opened up. You poppin' all was great Friday now. We didn't lose too much money. We had a good time. The place looks great. It was dynamite. I didn't get go to poppin' all. I went to the Palm Beach town. I still made a donation. Good for you. And the pants look good last night, but the guy you got hit her right. They got a shoe park. Yeah. I'm trying to be so cute. You know what I'm saying? And three weeks, hold on to your hat. The hurricane's play is a temple, owls, in three weeks. Oh, right. What do you think it'll be 100 people there? I think the hurricane's are going to spend most of their time in temple, if you ask me. I found out where Jim manages. Yeah. He wouldn't found Gary Moore. And they're having a drink, I think. Okay. And one more thing. Maybe I can have that open menu today. Maybe Dennis Erickson can join him. What is it? November 4th, Michigan goes to Michigan State. All right. I'll be. Okay. All right. Good luck to his pal. We need it. Okay. Say how to jerk Perlis. Okay. He's a Slob. We have two open lines on the green lines. 1-800-944-4-946-3-18944-4-W-O-D. You got it. Are you following it or what? I don't think they can follow it up there. Just take a look at it. Here's Miami. Hello. You're an asshole. Okay. Thanks for the bulletin man. Open line. That was a, you hear that? Shula doing a voice. Shula doing a voice. You know, don't take it out on me, man. I'm not the one that wounded Danny Boyz in the yesterday. You know, one thing I'll say, I hate you and Kelly. I really do I despise him. But he took I hit yesterday man and at second quarter near the end of the half and just about knocked his ass out again and he was like woozy and couldn't get up off the ground. And he comes back out there, man. He just, he just does it. No complaining. No belly. Can he just stands up there? Of course he couldn't. He couldn't throw the ball worth the crappy one. He was, it wasn't hurt. But nevertheless, he just shows up. But some guys, I don't want to mention every name. But every time somebody breeds on him heavy because they're so used to that great offensive line of getting that great protection. Anytime somebody runs by, we'll close and breeds on him. I've been these finished manies out. I don't want to mention a names. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. Hey Neil. Yes I am. Oh, boy. I'm emotional today, Neil. About one. About this game I can't get over. What game is that? The Panther game? No. Oh. The, you know, the. The big D. No, I tell you. You know, I'm not an ex as a no kind of guy with football. But when you see the quarterback, Carba being flushed out of the pocket all the time, or run it for first down. Yeah. Can't you leave somebody back on the line to like, you know, put their finger in the Dike that's leaking. I mean, this, you know, I can understand it. Yeah. Any of them, you know, there. Yes, I tell you, you know, at half time I was ordered in pizza, making Super Bowl arrangements and just waiting for the big day to come, at least, look at a head to San Francisco. And then my wife starts, she's a complaint. I once they once a doll's in start to blow it to blow it. I mean, she doesn't expect it to seem to complete a pass. That's my wife. You know, I have a hard time with this in times I said, I should have married a jet span for sure. Yeah. But any kid? Well, that's because she, you know, she went out with you years ago and this year expect anybody to complete a pass. I understand. But anyway, I, I still, hey, don't worry, you know, I said, you know, defense might bend, but they won't break. Yeah. They break a little bit. And I said, don't worry, the marino, he's going to, come down the field, we'll get the touchdown. Right. Well, he can't. But don't worry, strong of it. So you'll kick your right through there. It's a joke. You'll kick a third of the ballwork. He's a kick. I mean, so, so we've gotten to over time. And I, my son has even told him, the way a model, when, in fact, I talked him to the better and to the allowance that they, they would still win the game. And he's fit to be today. I, I, I. For nothing, you're a kid, man. Not the way things ought to be. The way things are. 16 WIOD. By any, I mean, for a lot of day, I'll use talk and entertainment radio.