Jennifer Ratton I'm saying no, I don't he's got bad. Well, I guess you're the except I could taste in women right but bad taste in guys well is he straight? Absolutely I bet Okay, the answers all I needed no 610 W I O T Okay, notice how we count the grit because it would have been it would have been unprofessional A fancy out of a news case that he's been doing him for years and man is he good use talk at entertainment radio 610 W I O D presents the Neal Roger show To talk with Neil call 751 W I O D in date 524 W I O D in Broward outside the 305 area coast it's toll free 1 800 944 W I O D and say the one customer is called pound I O D at no charge Now the Neal Roger show on news talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D This is your born voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs They don't come any better than Neal Roger's Literally When you let ship The war's caught in turns Okay, you know how we can get what he got here. Okay, I got to slice these last two pieces of meat. Okay, there we go. There we go. There I put it right there, there's one, there's two to three. All right, all done, buddy. Come and get it sweetheart. Here you go. Here's the silverware. Here's the plate. Here's the shell from the end of the shrimp there. Whatever to help you call that stupid thing. They're on the bottom of its foot and that's it. And thank you so much and we'll see you again tomorrow. No problem. But we won't say too much about that now. Okay, that was excellent. Sensational. Better than an oughta be. Oh man. Mmm, mmm. Really good. And especially the shrimp with the, I mean, the steak is great. But the shrimp with the wrapped in bacon. Oh my god. And you can eat that. You can eat that on this diet. Look at that George has got one shoved on his throw right now. We have an open line in the purple line. If you have a set leader one, pick it up and give it a little whiz. And we have the green lines of course. Go those are just for the passion, bitch and night. Because they're real horny up in Palm Beach. Because they're sheep are, you know, they're out of town this month. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing now? Okay, sir. Are you a jackass? Yeah. And it's good jackass. Yeah. And your mama? And your mama? Yeah, your mama. Okay. This is your ordinary. We're sorry. Hello. How did I know that? How do we know that, George? We have an open line in the purple line. Palm Diode. One in date, 751 Julio. And two on a green line. See, it's all, yeah, that was probably one of the Julios in that video. I wouldn't be surprised. So, ugly ones. The one with all the hair on, uh, oh, she had hair in places where it's illegal in most of the county. Send out the search party for that piece of walk in crap, would you? Here's Pompano. Hello. Hey, now. Yes sir. Just one of the point out, when did they come a week ago that they had the big cocky sess, the grower county convention? Yeah, I was on vacation and they were all, they were all applauding ween. Yeah, they had 10,000 people there, but the pants of people had 80 to 100, I think. It's not going to carry it away. Well, it's going to be a good turn out though. Yeah, and the pants of people when they announced their draft, they, they, they made it a real point to thank all the people in Broward County for all their supports. Right. For being at that thing. Yeah, now he tells Broward basically to stick it. Yeah, I mean, that's basically what he said yesterday. That's basically what the whole purpose was to give a good shot to Broward. Right. Yeah, I mean, last I heard we were going to get a romance arena by the airport. I was slight. It's like five minutes from my house. By the airport. Yeah, by the, like the Hollywood. Malaya, that's an interesting thing. We, they, that was in the beginning. That was, that was a totally bogus deal. We're going to have it out by the saw grass right by my house. And when he found out it was going to be convenient for me. That's when he next to that deal. That's probably what he'll do. Yeah, he said screw that fat faggot. Yeah, one more thing, man. Yeah. I'm really happy you're losing all that weight and everything. But I mean, just because you're losing weight and starting to skinny, doesn't mean you have to rip off people that can't gain any weight. You're ripping me for three days straight. I can't, I can't deal with it. Don't you understand that? I mean, I can't. We don't get that weight. Why do you want to gain weight? Why do you want to gain weight? Because I want to be put up muscle and pump. Do you feel unhealthy? Not really. Yeah. Not really. Are you getting any? Are you married? Am I married? No. Am I getting any? No. Much again, some weight. It's the green hair they stay away from that. Yeah, that would be a good idea. That was it. I mean, we're not trying to gain weight, but it just don't happen. Well, go on and put some meat on your bone. All right. Okay, pal. Okay. You'll need it. We have an open line on the blue line and broward. Broward, poor browards. But thanks, buddy. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. Bye, no. Follows tickets. Guess what? I'm buying 37 games. Not a 43, which includes the exhibitions. Might as well. Might as well get those extra seats, because this is going to be our last season. Anybody that chastised me. Oh, yeah. He's he's still a Toronto Maple Leaf fan. That's his number one team. That's right. You want it? Why? Because they're always going to be there. They won't always be in Maple Leaf Gardens, because pretty soon they're going to be building a new place for right in the same goddamn general neighborhood. They're on Carlton Street somewhere. But they'll be in Toronto, baby. I'm like these fly by night team. What did I tell you about expansion? It's a joke. It's killing sports number one. And number two, it's just, it's ridiculous. There's only so much real talent to go around. But we wanted a team. We got a team. It was a blessing. It was a miracle. We love it. We, uh, final it. And, uh, I have a feeling it's going to be gone. And then he can all thumb his nose up at us. And then we can go and say, hey, take your blockbuster and stick away the Mundo and shine. Broward. I think anybody in Broward County who subsidizes, I know he don't officially have nothing to do with blockbuster, but don't kid yourself. He still got his finger in there real deep. He's got his finger in it somewhere. I'm not exactly sure where he's got his finger in it whole, uh, blockbuster operation, but I have a feeling I know what part of the body it's in. Brackdom. Yeah. If he don't have it in blockbuster, he sure got in an hour as I'll tell you that. So take the Panthers and stick it up off your rectum. You can't help but you can't help but you can't help but you can't help but you can't help but you can't help but you can't help but you can't help but you can't help but you can't help. But I'll be spending my money for those tickets and I will buy no refreshments in there for many of the end of the edition, which it's crap anyway. Bring your own stuff. 12, if I maybe will set up our own concession stay in our section. 12 minutes past noon at Wio Deep. 610 WioD. Get your friends to listen or we'll play Michael Bolton until you are old. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. I'm so mad at you guys. 12, 16, a WioD. Poor little Jeff Judge, why wishes he was never born and never heard from OJ. Not a Sirely in that order. Two up in lines in dates, 75, 1, 9, 4, 6, 3, 75, 1. WioD. I'm watching that news yesterday. I'm watching Rick Sanchez. Hi, I'm off to the next door here. I'm thinking man, if ever there was a day, that the South Florida audience won't need to be primed and pumped and jump started, tomorrow, meaning today, is going to be the day. And guess what? As usual, wrong! Just like the old farts, they have to have their pace maker jump started with a goddamn battery, and the same with the audience out there, really weak. Really weak, and I'm embarrassed for you. No wonder he's ripping Broward Nass. Here's Dierfield, hello. Hello, how are you doing? Okay. If you read between the lines, Wayne doesn't want to build a arena because when he dumps the team, which he is going to matter of time, he's going to be stuck with that arena. And there's going to be no tenants there. If Guy comes in from National, I want to pay it out, Rage, just figure, if he's going to be... Yeah, but let me ask you something. If he builds the arena, and he leases it out to whoever, so assuming he sold us as somebody else here, like Mickey Eris. Right. I mean, he's got a sweet deal. He can call all the shots. He gets a piece of the concessions. He gets a piece of the skybox. If he was a good businessman, which we'll let to believe that he is, but I'm not so sure he is. That's if he says that to somebody here, but if somebody from how to stay comes in and buys the team, right. It gives him outrageous profit on his investment. Right. He's going to say no, no. See, I think that from the day that they decided they weren't going to go through with a blockbuster park when he's full of all his shares, I think from that day forward, this has been in the works right there. I don't care how much he says they're going to try their damneders to keep the team here. You know, he just says all of that, you know, to say face, say post. Anybody who thinks that he'd invite all these teams for investment, right. He said that. He said that a year ago, February, when we all started to turn in Sauron, he said, he said, I didn't buy the team for the fans. I'm a business man. I don't give a crap about the fans. Who are the fans and boys been doing a good job of that? He bought the dolphins in the stadium because he had Robbie, pinned against the wall. Right. Yeah, because all that text, he's exactly Neil. He's a monster, Neil. And people don't realize that. He's just in there for the money. Yeah, he's a prick. Okay, Neil. Thanks a lot. Okay, we're finally, I think that's why a lot of people don't want to speak because a lot of these people all you're really being tough on Wayne. Yeah, I'm really being hard on Wayne. I've been telling like it is for the last two years until I finally or whatever it has been here and I have woke up and sniffed that awful foul smelling stench from that bald head and geek and figured out what the hell he was all about. Oh, Santa Claus, my ass. Santa just sticks up the nice and little stalking and goes out of the next house. This guy, he sticks it right where the moon don't shine. And by the way, while you're thinking about how bad it hurts, give me some of your text money so I can build me a stadium. And by the way, this is the way it's got to be done and where it's going to be done. And I'd say otherwise, I'm yanking everything out of your little stalking and going home. Yeah, right. That's right. He just, yesterday this man flipped the bird to 4 million people in South Florida. That's what he did. Dave Broward Palm Beach. He flipped you with a bird. That's exactly what this man did. And there's no emotion. There's no feedback here today. Nobody gives a flying crap. Okay, they're just like I said, like a bunch of lemons. It's like taking one of those squishy toys, you know? And you did like taking a putty and just the squish net around in your hands. That's the, there's no backbone in this town, baby. There's no bone in South Florida. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, can you play at Spam song that I heard the other day? Spam. Yeah, you have a song that? O Spam for lunch? Yeah. Is that the one you'd be talking about? Yeah, it's cool song. Okay, you got him, man. All right. Thanks. See you later. Bye. I'm not so sure if Spam is on the diet though. Oh, Spam for lunch. Cause where does he do tell? Oh, right. Oh, Spam for lunch. What's here on your offer, lad? Oh. You really, bird? You want to try, right, bird? Try the mountain of the summer break. We went from Pixar farm and wife. Oh, you can't hide. We've had all we could say. Oh, our journey in food is smoked. Spam on wheat. Spam on wheat. Spam on wheat. We eat the I. We eat the I. We can kill us. Spam on wheat. We eat the I. We eat the I. We eat the I. Oh, thank you for, for fearsley for requesting that. Because if I wouldn't have just heard that and been paying close to 10. You know the last time I played. Is about eight years ago. I forgot all about our good. Exactly. Exactly. So thank you. Profusely, pal. It's, and what I'm going to do. I'm going to play hockey highlights from now until the season starts. Just as a way to rub it into wings, just to grind it in his ass. He wouldn't know a hockey puck if they slid the entire guy damn team up his ugly ass. You know, he sits down there with his big body guard. Oh, gee, what a comic routine that is. You got to see ever pay. We came to a couple of games. Here we see that guy with a brown suit. Got a personality like a dead man. Big fat ugly guy with glasses with a brown suit. He's one of the security team there at the arena, but he's always appointed to be Wayne's personal security Henshin that stands down in that section. And any game when Wayne shows up or is even in the building, he's got to have his fat ass down there. And every time there's a stoppick to play, he stands up. Turns around and faces the crowd. But the best part of it is when they're doing some of the hockey like a lad's go up and their face. He's watching him doing a little, he's cheerleading. He's not, you know, talk about a butt sucker man. God, how'd you like to see the shade of brown his tongue looks like this week? We have an open line in date, 751, one in Broward, five, two, four, one on the green line. I want to see some guy, Danny, motion out of this town for once in your life. Get pissed off. Like Howard Beal said, I don't know what to tell the answer is, but at least get pissed off. And nobody said something like that. God damn Peter, French had to go in dionus. He was the only hope we had was Peter, French, and Patty Chapski in their both God damn dead. That's the only hope for the whole human race and they're both dead. And you know how I feel about that? I was right at the end, but I just didn't see anything wrong. I'm gonna say I have to. It's 1122 at WIOD. It's 10, WIOD. This talk radio stop is good for you. Your endless is pretty sure. Moles and hockey night in Canada on CDC. Brought to you by Moles and experts, ex-sizzle. My board of Canada, where quality is job one, it's working by Imperial Oil and Desso Associates. Brought to be one of the leading sponsors of Youth Hockey in Canada. And by Etsy, got to have it. The Rockman tocar never fancified, WIOD is like sex fiction.WHOCK ON A Pennougasian here! V quarantine starting here Dude! In front of his cover. Dr. Thor's the fourth. Life for it. Napalac in four. Oach. Napalac the fourth. Green shot. Oh, my gosh. They can't nearly me. I've got the piece that has shot on the way by Jerk. I think Ben B's work also got a piece of it. Can't believe it. I just forgot. I'm here with you. I'm here with you. I'm here with you. The song is the song of the auger. The auger comes up. The auger comes up. The auger very younger. It's all over the. Love inside. It's just carry a bit of a play. One and that's it. Oh, she wants to sell my money. The pain was forced out of the center. I saw it. It seems to have a traveling game. Going to color. I'm looking to the sky. If I look at the page. Showed 10 scores. Blue for all my time. It gives the thing. What's the only four in three in what grade? Doesn't know whether the cry or why is it. Shoot it weekly. The more the thing when goal comes on. For Rassu and I'll see. The players here. Let me with a pack of things behind the offensive driver going for the net. Let me with an angle. Back in her. He. Showed 10 scores. As he base her. Larry like a rated meal. And the penguin's laid. They're going to have a Mario. Let me with the ball. The ball was around the state. The side. Yeah. The ball is on his right side. Yeah. I just point. Got my rope. And back to the center. I hear it. I have set an open wing. Blake. Wife. Look at the other side. Roll the time. Rich. Rich. He turned it back. He's going to have to have it. But now they've got a lot of work. I've got more. I've got more. Got the pass. And goes in with. I've got a steep. And goal. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. and until somebody tells us nobody's taking our puck away. I'm telling you that right now, okay? We finally get something good in this toilet of a goddamn wasteland with nothing but illegal aliens and murderers and drug and dope addicts. It's all we got in this town. We finally get something good and right away we got this bald headed Zipface geek threatening he's going to take it away from us because he's Mr. Hachout with all the money. Mr. Money bags. You son of a bitch. Anyway, it's 123. I get my point across your what? 1230 at WIOD. Here's Miami on a Broward line. Hello. New? Yes sir. I am calling to thank you for the last report. What are we going to do with that bald headed geek that Zipface to Puss people? Get room. You're walking. We don't need them. Here he's like destroying our town. By I'm a bus ticket to Nashville, okay? Let him take his puck and go to that be a good place for a nose picker like him and a Dean Jordan. He can take the Gonshamish Bottle with him. New. I'm going to miss you and do the other. You're like the best. I listen to you daily. I'm a driver in Miami and you just keep me going all day long. Where you going? I'm moving out the Denver. To Denver, they got a hockey team. A pretty damn good one too. That's a really good one. The Denver Nordic. I like that. Yeah, I bet. I just, you give me life daily. Yeah. I give this town life day. I'm the only thing in this town that breeds a little bit of life into it. It wasn't for me. They would just turn this whole place into a big, gigantic outdoor morchewery. I've got a couple of friends that are going to be sent to me. Taped and I just, you know, I'm like going to be going to be going to be. Oh, am I glad you mentioned that? You know, somebody had a, my, it was Clip the Pullman. My sticking is nose into my septic tank operation yesterday, which is a good place for his nose, by the way. And he had a great idea. He says he's got all these friends in the islands. And I sure was George was listening right now. He had a brilliant, listen. It's money in your pocket. I'm listening. And mine. And he's got all these friends in the islands, and they keep insisting that he send them tapes of this show. And actually, since he's pretending to be doing pools and having a business, he pretends he don't have time to be doing it. I said, well, we really don't ordinarily do that. But you know, something if the price were right, we could probably sell tapes of the Neal Rogers show. High speed, double grade. Are you serious? Wouldn't that be a great idea? I would love you. Yeah. I love you now, but I would love you more. But I think we're going to do it. It's just ended up the spots and just nonstop for Neal. I would so much an hour. Get me, I'll put together hours in the settlement. How would the station if they want a piece too bad? They can drop dead. You can go down. This is the least they can give me as a residual. I don't care what they all. We're selling them. I ordered at least a million. Okay. I'd like to. I want to know if I could call a couple of who the disrespects. Sure. The entire soft floor to area. Yeah. You're all a bunch of dispags. It's better to people that work at Fortress. Okay. Good luck to you, Pally. I love you. See ya. I think I'm a idea of Cliff's idea. He ain't getting no slice of it by the way. I think that's a good idea. I think we finally put on her and we could also promote it on at 900 number. You want your dying. You're in some other part of the country. You just moved to somewhere. How many of those caused it? We get every week. All these people. And all these other people who have to keep patchking around. Making tapes to send their friends. You don't cut a mess around with tapes. We'll send you cassettes. They could subscribe. Like to a magazine. Yeah. That's right. And by I'm separately, we'll sum to you like for 895 or whatever for an hour. And if you want to like have a subscription. It's so much per month. And we send you X number of tapes. I think that's one hell of a good idea. Finally sticks to extra money in my fat pocket that I could use. Okay. I mean, you know, two corvettes in one NSX. That's not exactly having a fleet of luxury cars. If you ask me. That's a start. But that's not a fleet, Enema. We have an open line in Broward 5249463524. I think we just hit the mother load, Diane. Yeah. We're in part. Part takes the part. And four. And four. And four. And four. Two. And up the trial. Part through. And. He's. He's. He's. He had a boy, Bobby. You tell him by the way, paint your balls. But we have an open line in Broward 5249463. And one on the green line. We're going to be hockey intensive right in the middle of July. While all you know is pickers talk to dolphin football. Hey, Mad Dog. Let's talk some football. Yeah. Right. Go squeeze your pick. Okay. So 100 degrees in the shade. Even the frogs are croaking from it. And these people want to talk football. Let's not talk. Oh, what showed did I see they have a grow. It's on. I think it's on S.B.K. And Boston on the on the satellite. Although it may be on one of the other sports stations. They have a segment at the end of the show every night. It's called sports. No, no. It's right here at Channel 6. I think Steve Shapiro does it. It's called sports jail. And at the end of his sports cast every night. He goes through all of these stories about all the guys with the drugs in this one. I'm sure Brian Blades made the highlights on that. And it's great. Because basically there is almost no more sports anymore. We just got a bunch of lawyers and a bunch of litigation. A bunch of drug addicts and murderers. And everybody going to ask to jail. That's what sports is all about now. Nice going, Steve. A good Jewish guy like you. Haruna Goi like Joe's a gacky with those eyebrows boy. You must be desperate over there. 1235 at WIOD 9. 16 WIOD. Attention all politicians. We know what's right. And you don't. WIOD. Y any. S U C K S. Yes. Yes. Yes. It's about time we agreed on something. 21 till 1 at WIOD. Manage was staying on the earth the other night. That Wayne is the biggest turd that ever came down to Pike. And for once we finally put his finger on it. Here is Miami. Hello. When is TARDIS? Yes. Good day. I just wanted to call the big thumbs up. Brian Blades. I tell you Friday. You should go ahead and get a better late than ever. Some of these people thought that was reacting. And Jesus, they wanted to leave it alone. I mean, a guy is dead. We're going to say, well, you know, the guy was in there alone. It was a big argument going on. I mean, you know, one shot can be an accident, but two. It sounds like a little strange. Two is the clencher that you got to do a little bit more examination. Yeah. I think. Especially when the first one was like from four inches away from his chin. And I mean, it was really two. The shocker today and how he really even not only do way to another week. He slipped out of town. Right. We're going to get up there to see the adult. No, the fact that they allowed him to slip out of town early. So he could just kind of evade it. And of course, hope that he would come back. Which I guess he's going to, I guess. You can't fault as a Tony for having him not to talk to the police. No. I mean, the job is a thing is that you think he want to clear the air. Because it's a good thing. Yeah. But when you look at Joe Rosenhouse though, it just does make you want to throw up. Doesn't it? Oh, really? If I were him and was watching, he would do it daily. I think I would have a little bit of a hebgb myself. Yeah. He looks like a hebgb. And of course, you know, the family is not going to be the one that's want to turn man. And it's the thing is, does it. Yeah. You said old money tree where we're talking about yesterday. And they just defend the breadwinner. Right. And it's always wing goes on that issue. I've never met them, man. People would have met him. And I know, it's the his eyes are just steel and cold. Yeah. And I think. And cold fish. Yeah. He really, he just doesn't really want to do with the town wants. He wants to just take over everything and then make the money on it. Yeah. The name Heinrich Kimler come to mind. You know, this guy just wants us to go step in line. And, you know, he's going to make all the decisions. And we're going to just be obedient. Lackies. It's all he wants. Oh, you always got to be a little suspicious when you have any situation where one man controlling all your franchises in here here at the behest of just one individual. It's going to be a little bit difficult. There's nothing worse than a dictator. I'll say that right now. Have a great day, Paladin. I'll take it. Open line in date 7519463. Let's see, Vatican Catholic faith and life sought from workers. Here's the fact somebody sent me. It says workers who get their paychecks from the Vatican are also getting some advice. Follow the church's moral codes or place your job at risk. Father or tool. God. That means abortions and divorce could be considered grounds for dismissal for Vatican authorities. They're taking these 2000 lay workers including secretaries in custodian. Father or tool. God. The rules which insist on adherence to the Catholic faith and life are expected to take effect October 1 in the Vatican. Union leaders have taken a decidedly secular approach to the announcement. Hiring a lawyer to examine the legality of the changes. And wanting to find out that if this also includes the altering of boys by the Cardinals and the Blue Jays. 1242 at WIOD. Let's do Oakland Park. Hello. Oakland Park. Long gone. Too bad. There are laws. Here's the plantations also going on a purple line. You know, if you're going to be in that much of a big hurry if you got something really exciting going on in your life out there, just save the call. Go do yourself a favor. Do something worthwhile. Like maybe a lobotomy might help. Here's Boker. What is it? Oh, you guys are belly aching about high zinger. Yeah. Yeah, man. We're phoned. Yeah, man. Okay. Grow at least one testicle and call us back when it descends. Okay. My gilding friend. We have an open line on the purple line at pound I would. We're not talking a little pucky kids. Okay. With no balls. You got enough adults with that problem in this town. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. How's it going man? Okay, man. Listen. Now I want to show you could press this my call. Could you play that Wayne court or him whining about the thing? You mean before you start with your material? Yeah. Is that so right? And I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down. If Breward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's the guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. Yeah, like I'm not interested in buying the zorca's and then he did. I'm not interested in buying to Robby State and then he did. I'm not interested in buying the arena and then he did. Right. He would never do anything like that. This is like somebody who is not who he's used to talking down to people and it's spoiled rotten beyond beliefs. Like Ross Pero that's what I see. Did you ever see him and Ross P. Road together? I think he is Ross P. Road with an ear job. It's a nickname. It's like that one guy that won't call you for me. He could own the whole damn planet. He'd be pissed off because he couldn't own out of space. Right. Exactly. Like you got it. How much is enough? Yeah. I think that we ought to have a petition and that the people in this community should say, take your 800 million or whatever you got, take your billion dollars and pack it up and get your ass out of here. Take all your garbage and leave us alone. You're not this worse than somebody that lines and lines and has more money than God. Right. I mean, and also keep jacking up the prices. I mean, I guess he forgot about that too. I mean, I'm in a business where I deal with people that have a lot of money. It never ceases to amazement. He'll be sitting in a millionaires home. And the guy will be bitching about the price or saying, I don't know if I can afford it. I mean, it cracks me up. Yeah. And it's long enough same. It's just a sickening man. Well, anybody who defends him at this point is a walking turd. I mean, I mean, I obviously have absolutely nothing to do with anybody. Only cares about himself. Yeah. He just spews off at the mouth. Kind of like Ross P. Row. Right. The same thing. Doesn't care what you think. You know, I'm just hearing it. A little break. That's right. The other thing was with Brian Blades. Yes. Now, there's no way I can promise this. I don't know how this this isn't meant to be set. Sound racist because it's going to nothing to do with color. But doesn't it seem weird how you get these these top level athletes who are basically just the shuttle through college everything. Just to play the sport. And then all of a sudden they have all this money. And they're just they go out of control. Yeah. Can't imagine why. Yeah. I wonder why that is because they're not being taught anything rather than the rape than the do a bit of a way. Maybe he didn't spend enough time at Luther Campbell's club. Maybe that was the problem at UM. I don't know. I mean, you know, there's many athletes out there that are actually educated in there. And they speak. They should have been told you when they speak. All cold. Yeah. Maybe 10 or 20. Yeah. Exactly. But I mean, when you talk about a system that basically, what is college football therefore is that they're for for people that should help know. So they're to make money. Minorly big business big ball. Big ball. You got it. And the only other thing you're staying up with you. You're staying up with the steroids. And the aggression and everything. Yeah. Well, I've read a lot about that. That's really subjective because I think you have to have a propensity to be aggressive. Because steroids do make you aggressive. But I think there's a difference between use and abuse. And if you really want to distill it down, is why is it that a guy can go to a doctor? And say, doctor, I want you to cut my penis off. And I want you to give me female hormones. And I give me estrogen to make me woman. Yeah. And you can do that. Why can't you go to a doctor say, look, I want to be a bodybuilder. I want to give you. I want to have a tremendous amount of muscle. How can we can prescribe male hormones? You know, what's the difference? Yeah. But there's a big difference though. I mean, male hormones are tremendously dangerous. Very dangerous. I think when somebody cut their penis off and taking a feel hormone, maybe a little bizarre, but there's nothing necessarily dangerous about it. I think also, you bind it to that stick and many doctors like it too, because you're seeing so many uses for steroids. I mean, to prolong AIDS patients because it really boost their immune systems. Yeah. And like I said, their immune system. Yeah. Yeah. How moved is the place that there's a difference to me between use and abuse. I've read about it. But I'm not saying this is, has anything to do with it. Because people react differently to everything. But I'm glad to see at least you were, you had the balls on the bitchy body. Because it was ridiculous. And what do you get away murder somebody? Just go, hey, with an action man, I'll talk to you later. Yeah. And then during the people list, they were going to sit back on your ass. Like I was getting carried away about much of the most of the media, with the two or three exceptions, and it's time the same thing. And now all of a sudden, when the police said that they were putting out the warrant for his arrest, now all of a sudden, man, channel seven, all the other hysterical news peddlers in this town. They're going to an apeshawd over it. You notice that? Yeah. Same people who lost their tongue about it for like several days. They're like, it wasn't even a story. Now they're just a squeeze in it. Well, I don't know, man, but at least bring the truth to the service I guess for the two shots at you free. Exactly. Later. See you, pal. Your tooth shall set you free. That's what he said. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. 524WIOD. And like I said, I'm getting real sick and tired of all these apologists out there. All these excuse makers, all these winers, everything is racist. Everything is a set up. And then, stop making people dead. Okay. That's a real good start. Stop killing people. Stop shooting people. Stop stabbing people. Stop with all the heavy drugs. Stop this being a goddamn barbaric society. And then maybe we might learn something. Okay. Of course, maybe if we learn something in the first place, we wouldn't be doing all these. It's like a chicken and a leg. Which one eat first? I guess it depends if you're in a highly or a sweet water. 1240 or a little Haiti. 1248 is WIOD. So, de harness racing fans, it's going to be another big weekend of exciting harness racing action at Pompano Park. Friday night, you guessed it. It's family night at Pompano Park with 50 cent beers, hot dogs and sodas all light long. And Friday nights feature races will be the second leg of the Gator Pace for two year old cults. And a seven-old pace for two year old fillies. You can also meet some of the drivers. Talk to them, ask them some very mild questions or they get very upset. So bring the whole family up. Pompano Park for a great night of fun and excitement. And don't forget this Saturday morning, Pompano Park is going to have another open fans forum. You're invited to learn more about the exciting sport of harness racing. You can go out out of the track even joggle horse. So bring the kids get a close up look at what sports all about. And of course it's absolutely free. And then Saturday night, in addition to the full out of great perm usual racing, a lucky Pompano fan will win a grand in cash. Nothing to buy, nothing to do. Just fill out the entry blank drop your name in a box if they yank yours out in your name too. They pop a thousand bucks into your Fed as. Be sure to join the fun and excitement at Pompano Park. Now racing every Monday, Friday and Saturday, post time, 730. Some radio stations in South Florida are trying to convince you that they're the experts when it comes to covering storms and hurricane. They think if they look up with a TV station, you'll think they're better. Some stations think this way, but not all. The time to consider what your plans are on making for you. Now what you're going to do is get your favorite track by her hand. At 610, WIOD, we don't have a TV station to look up with. We don't need one. We're the one who got you through Andrew and we'll get you through any storm. The best news and the best weather. News, talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. 610 WIOD. Make it more than just your radio 5-8. Thanks forever to get that taste and smell out of your system. Oh, hey. What's the matter with lesbian golfers? Can't you tell we really love hidden balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls. You jacked us. When my girlfriend's also a catty, she's the fam on the book. She calls me daddy. Muff got that five-tune talker. All right, still ladies call for me. My favorite hole it doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway. No sweat because I'm a snapper, a lapper. I play golf and I'm gay. If you don't see the golf, I call you the club. That makes me golf very no matter how you get it. I'm gay, let's play, okay. A still ladies call for me. And ride is disgrace, kick, sit. Oh, my face is still, ladies call for me. You know, I'm going to tell you something about the WIOD sales department. You could be the dumbest bunch of mothers I have ever seen in my life. There I do. I just, you know, I don't want to mention Pat Mulling again by name, but he's turned out to be. Do you notice yesterday when you were putting the water in my car by the way he started hooking me a China again about where is the other Corvette and when am I going to bring it in because he wants that guy to punch you around with that filter, which is never ever going to happen. I'm not letting strangers dittle around with the inside of my car, much less the outside, okay? And it's he just doesn't get it. And so I was talking about this the other day. So why not repeat? They'll give you an update about the copy situation for our fine accounts who spend their harder and money on this radio station. And so the solution to the problem Pat Mulling was to take the same piece of copy for the exact account that I talked to you about, which I just checked out, which I'm not going to mention on a year because it's too embarrassing. Re-type it on another sheet of paper on a different typewriter, which I thought we didn't have no typewriters anymore and put a different date on it. All right. Let's hear it for the WIOD sales holes man. Remember that long list we gave in the other day? Sales people are asshole. Nothing. Zippity Duda. The same tired old direct my god the paper is getting yellow in here. Some of the stuff's been in here so long. We have an open line in the yellow lines, no matter fact, and it's starting to get the purple. It's been open so long. 7519463. Here's a mobile in Oakland Park. Hello. All right, deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. You are the thing going in this town. Anything going on in this town? You. That's for god damn sure. Make no mistake about that. I'm a long time this there. I have something to tell you. These people don't treat me right. I'm taking my hockey puck and sticking it to somewhere. Somewhere. Yeah. Up my ass, right. I sound good. Listen, I talk about that football player, right? Let me just tell you what happened. What football player is that? The one that's free. I mean for my small and street. Brian blades. Yeah. Benny blades. Yeah. Game blades. Yeah. I was a hostile bed after having a neck operation and they come there and yanked me out on a 10 year old murder charge just to get me take my blood and it cleared me. Yeah. And they took me and put me to hell 57 days for a 10 year old junior to the murder that you murdered a 10 year old. 10 year old. Yeah. Was it a boy or a girl? It was a woman. Oh a 10 year old woman. No, no, the 10. Here's a guy murdered a 10 year old girl. They would leave alone in the hospital. I think that some guy damn nerve they had not even your ass alone. Trace the call. We have an open line at Brower at 524 W. Y. O. D. Neil. Yes sir. Oh yeah. Okay. Hey, what's that thing with the main high pinger? What do you mean what's that thing? What what that mean? He got unhappy. He said to crime because I'm Brower wouldn't build him a stadium. That's right. Oh and now he we even paid there. He's pissed off and he don't care now. What kind of deal Brower offers at this point? He ain't never changing his mind. He ain't going to play there. He is not going to play there. I like you, Eddie. I think we should have a big petition just get the Wild event somewhere. I think what we ought to do is take him. Tie him up. Put him on a guy damn gray. Hunt bus with a stale salami sandwich and get his ass out of here. Go buy a Wayne. To show a few sticks of dynamite up his ass too. Okay. That's what you said. That's a great idea. Okay. Pow good luck to you. That was probably Dean Jordan. Okay. A little Ojo provocative. Now they're threatening Wayne. That's bad. Of course that wouldn't be so bad because it seems to me. I remember that article in South Florida magazine that that guy wrote and right away he started getting all kinds of threats because they didn't like the quiz asking too many questions. Yeah. Wasn't that a shame? Open line in days 751. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. I teach corporate boy University of Miami. I got a little information about high thing but I wanted to ask you something about that passion phone. Yeah. Very formula for the the amount of time that that girl gives me the call and number. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She has like a little eight time or here. 20 seconds. That's that's it. All right. I stay on her husband uses when they're home at night and bed. 20 seconds. I hear you. What anyhow. That's why she needs that pocket rocket at all times. What is going to come to light here before the first of the year and date and for our county is that bullshot has got a short life and Janet Reno's office has been put an untenable position where they're going to have to pursue the paper trail that Mr. Hezinga has left and you'll you'll see it hit the headlines here long before January. Really? Yes indeed that Mr. Hezinga has you know he talks at her the same both sides of his mouth. Oh his ass yeah. Just like a gentleman by the name of that all fit. Both sides of his mouth he made promises that he wasn't conquering the next country and the next and the next and what will come to light. Yeah. He's not anywhere near as smart as he thinks he is and Janet Reno she does not want to pursue the paper trail but she's she's already been put in a position it hasn't come to light yet but she's been. Yeah. She's been put to position where he's going to have to follow through on what is a great for a man. The Satx cues for a human being. It certainly is a deal. You know what they say does to dust garbage to garbage. I don't know why you want me. Exactly. Have a great life. Wow. See how do you like that? He's picking on a family again and sounds like to me. Sounds like he's got his nose out of joint. Are you sure? I checked it out. I went and checked it out. Yeah, that's figure on the side of his nose. Or maybe the figure was inside of the nose. Is that possible? Searching for gay, gray matter up there. Where the snipe you ate? What we got here is a license to communicate. News talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD Miami Fort Lutterdale. They'll got and you and every player in a uniform should line up and keep his eyes. News talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show to talk with Neil call 751 WIOD in date. 524 WIOD in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free 1-800-944 WIOD and so you and the one customer's could call pound IOD at no charge. Now, the Neal Rogers Show, a news talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. It's the water to two hours. Are you? And the way he said long here, the people need not apply. While I suck my food on my coat, when tears and guard lie. It said you look like a glass of just a young man and that won't do. Now open my jacket and the whole snack. I feel I'm saying it through. Find sideway, I'm inside. Buy it up to see where you're growing in my mind. Feel this stuff, feel that we're inside. And the way he said it all press, hugger. Will the fire on my mind? While I jump to the pan and round, feel the shouted. When you really fight, hold your foot up the fan. I'm still keeping love for all the key phone and shit in. And the way he said it all, the way he said it all, the way he said it all. Find sideway, I'm inside. Buy it up to see where you're growing in my mind. Feel this stuff, feel that we're inside. Hold me down, this hook can't you breathe. You can't hold your will up to breathe. You can't talk in the tire ski. What things to close to me? Clear, drink, drink along. Are you sure? And the way he says it's got a hell of a massive cough and rain of tears. I don't know why I already have. I hope you do this soon. You can't hold my hand. You can't hold my hand. You can't hold my hand. You can't hold my hand. You can't hold my hand. You can't hold my hand. The real question is, what mocker room shower? Which one would you like me to be in? Those are real men. I don't know what the girl's name is on there. She said, here's a shepherd's smell. Who's been on top of it since the beginning. That's what Jay Hyder told me. Anyway, it was very humorous and I had to turn it off right away. That's not like. I can't wait for his show because I can see him defending. He's a good guy. He's got a nice set of nice because he's going to have to be doing a whole lot of that. Whatever it is he does. I can't tell what difference between the soccer and hockey announcers. Can I say one more thing? No, we have an open line at Broward 5249463524. There's a man with a real personality. He's a man with a real personality. He's a man with a real personality. He's a man with a real personality. He's a man with a real personality. He's a man with a real personality. He's a man with a real personality. He's a man with a real personality. He's a man with a real personality. I like to sound of that too when you hear it back a second time. Cool springs in the phone. They just got that phone on their seat right between their legs. Keep your hands on it. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I just wanted to ask you something about the act and die at. I just started on Monday. Yeah. And I just, I don't know, I've been feeling kind of weird for the start of it. Well, today is Wednesday for the first couple of days. You got the book? Yeah, I have the book and I see much read the whole thing. Right. First two or three days, your body is making a lot of dramatic changes. Right. You feel a little bit like maybe light head, little headache. That's sort of the expected. No problem. Oh, okay. So then after the 14 days, then you can pretty much go into your main training stage. In your main training. Where are you like? Well, how much you have to lose? I probably want to lose about 20 pounds. Well, you're not going to lose that in 14 days. No, I know. But I'm going to end your owl. Or I'm going weight loss. The main maintenance is after you get to that. You're putting the card ahead of the ass. Yeah, I know. That's when you've lost all the weight that you need to lose. You get to your maintenance. But the OWS, I'm going weight loss. That's after the first 14 days. Okay. So how have you been doing on a good? I'm doing fine. Oh, good. All right. Well, thank. Okay. Good luck. Bye. It's right there in the book. We have an open line of Broward 5249463. And what on the green line? Pop beats. Like I said, we pay for it. Old buddy. And we're going to give a billion dollars in cash. Not to the first person in pop beats who calls and says, Hey, Aleluia, baby. There's life in pop beats, which we know is a goddamn lie. 1-800-944-Puck-Mister in Palm Beach. Why do I see? I don't understand why I do that. What's the point? I don't want to talk to them in the first place. Why do I do that? Because I always wind up with what I deserve. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, Garden. Hello. How are you, yes? Yes, sir? No, listen. There's no way Palm Beach County's going to come up the books for Wayne's Palace. That's quite just like there's no way that Nashville is going to support a hockey team. In fact, CBC during the playoffs, they interviewed all those those pickers in Nashville. And everyone of them said, oh, we don't want no hockey team. We don't know nothing about it. Yeah, yeah. That's what they said. Yeah. They're all in the middle of the next season. We don't have enough money to do anything up here. Much less of the hockey arena for Wayne. Unless it's a building on the jury at Tricks Center. Yeah, we could use another century village. There you go. You sure could for a lot of fans. They're overflowing now. Or maybe a little nose picking palace on the side. Yeah, what's going to say this is a nose picker from Palm Beach. Yeah. But you know, when you compare, I'll be a clan meeting joint right next to Denny. No, no. Now when you compare us, those pickers to the nose pickers and David. Now that gives us a bad name. Well, that's his true. That's true. Davies in a class by themselves. Well, because when he's a horses have been acted up lately. When we pick up here, we get a beggars and they do that there. Okay. Okay. Sally. Keep your finger on it. Okay. Okay. Good buddy. I know it's picker way to afraid to admit it. Okay. He's picking seeds right out of his nostril or someone somewhere that Wers is nostril. We have an open line in Broward 5249463524Wild. Here is the moral gable. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing, bro? I'm doing okay, brother. It's almost 2 o'clock. So I'm going to blow this joint. Here you go. It's a long time listener. I guess first time caller. Yes. And I do a lot of traveling around the US. Unfortunately. And I have to admit to you, nobody compares to old uncoolingly. I agree with that. You are the best, my man. Good. I'm good for this time. You know, I'm going to start pulling away in Hazenga. If they want this show, they're going to have to start paying for it. I don't know what to pick you with. I don't know what to pick you with. By the end of the week, I'll have like about two cents in my pocket. I tell you, I don't know what to pick you with. How it's turned. He blows me. Well, he's not exactly kicking ass in this town. He's doing okay, but he sure, you know, life goes on and everybody else seems to be doing just fine. He just put notness. He's been on for almost a year here in spite of all the predictions of doom and gloom by all those special interests like David Ross over there and like Debbie Wilker, who sits on his lap and name his orifice, despite of all their predictions, we're doing just great. Whatever. I like to close it with one thing. Okay. Nearly, do it as a puppy. Okay. I asked to came here with me to see this. Good idea here. What are you saying is doing puppy seeds? We have two open lines in the day 751. What are you laughing about? It wasn't that funny. I didn't think. Do I have to be some kind of a spik to really get the full essence of it? The smell of the way it came out? 751 9463. By the way, that pat mallon man, I want to pay special tribute to him for just a moment or two now if I can. I don't want to get carried away, but you know, sometimes my judgment isn't exactly on target like when he first came here. I don't know what it is because he kind of looked like, you know, a little bit like a regular guy didn't have really big ears, didn't weigh 600 pounds. I thought, here's the guy he could be a sales guy. And he seems to actually listen to the show and now I realize he's a real asshole. The ideal place to find the accessories you want for your truck is ideal automotive truck and accessories. Ideal automotive and truck, let me say it again, ideal. Has the largest, the most complete line of automotive and truck accessories. There'll be anybody's deal on bedliners. They got over 200 in stock. I thought it was 2000 in stock. He retiped the same copy, but he got all the, he got everything wrong. Can we get a net, get a net on the phone right now. Okay, our nice copy later on, I love a net. I don't want to have to, you heard it take a lot of grief because she's a sweetheart and she really looks great. But this is unacceptable, okay. Pat Mullin, you are the biggest flamer I have ever seen in my life. You are so humanly unacceptable. There are no turret words to describe it. And the best part of it is they start those bedliners. It's just 169.95 install that ideal. Ideal automotive has to offer for trucks, toolboxes, sliding rear windows, running boards and much more. Or toppers for trucks, that's what he put in here. Are you letting the sales people right through our own copy now? Is that what you're doing sweetheart? Not acceptable for bitten by, you're smiling. It's not acceptable. What does she say? I'll explain it to you. Yeah, explain this. Show it to her. Oh, look at that, he's showing it to her. Ideal has a 30,000 square foot warehouse showroom stock with everything in wholesale prices. I apologize to our friends at ideal because Pat Mullin is a walking butt plug. There are advisors for full or mini trucks painted a match and installed. Rear spoilers for most cars, buck shields and bras in the hottest styles and best prices. Bug shields and bras. Ideal is where you buy the rest. So, other words, he threw a couple of silly words in here. And this is my new piece of copy. Ideal is where you buy direct from the guys who supply the dealers at wholesale prices. And nobody beats their prices or selection. Find out for yourself by calling 1-800-621-6464. 1-800-621-6464 or come by and see him in person and complain like hella about Pat Mullin telling that he ought to run him over in a semi. 7-10 Northwest 57 place in Fort Lauderdale. Ideal automotive and truck accessories. And like they guys said, on at Robert Stackthing, I apologize. I apologize. I apologize. I can't try it again, trade in. You're doing good. I was selling the y'all's out there. So even though we gave you 50 shots and no became to the mouth, you can't do a filth-hendry show promo Canyon. No, it's very tight. Try it again. I got it. Does it own it? See? You can't do a filth-hendry show promo with 50 shots and no became. Filth-hendry show 2-6 in the afternoon. Monday through Friday on 610-W-I-O-D. Can you say W-I-O-D? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't do it. No, no. 610-W-I-O-D. Making all your blood rustier, tingly farce. I'm gonna lose. Who's under radio content to lose? Louss mouth piece of atheists they choose. Louss on a white-alongles every day. That's with the miracle of being gay. The world's greatest follow is self-appellate. Packing fake fake, pleasure-rate, self-paste. The world's greatest follow is self-appellate. Packing fake, pleasure-rate, self-paste. Just lick it. Just lick it. One twenty six is W-I-O-D, the home of absolute and utter incompetence and indifference. This is seriously this for a market of the size. And for an operation for a company of the size and with their resources, we've got three radio stations right up and down the hall here. We got Hot 105 for the moment. We got the co-st next door, planter slush, and we got I-O-D. Three major market, big-ask-kicking radio stations highly rated on the same level here. We don't have a person who writes continuity. I have never with all the riff-rap with all the drifters that we have in here, with all the people with their titles, not to mention Sarah. With all the useless bodies we have floating around his place who kind of float in and out until payday when they come here and make damn sure they stick around and let get a paycheck, whether they earned it or not. And we don't have a person who's real assignment specifically is to write continuity. And so we have the poor production guys who have no, I mean this should even be a concern of theirs in any way shape or form. Or they even remotely qualified to do what that's number one. And number two we've got poor net who down there is like a paper pusher and a tape pusher pushes tapes from agencies around from one place to another. And that's it. And then sits in the middle of a bunch about a dozen asshole salespeople trying to find out what else going on. And they just can't figure it out. It's the same discussion day after day. Week after week, month after month, year after year. I've been here almost seven years. It has never changed. It's never been any better. It's never been any worse. It's never been any different because they just in spite of all the bull crap from this general manager. We're going to super service our clients and our listeners what we do is super bull crap. That's what we do. It is super bull crap. I'm so embarrassed and humiliated like that last spot. This guy we should send him $500 cash in an envelope and apologize for the fact that we really don't want to do a job for him. Why do we have any business on here at all when we really aren't here? Like I've said before, just send us some money. That's what we ought to be. We ought to turn all three radio stations into like a paid religion. Just send us some money. We'll give you an 800 number to call. We'll give you an address of PO box. Just send us some money. Because we this too much like Jeff Clark told me in a hall that one day when he was out of his mind. About a year and a half ago, there's too much work involved in servicing these accounts and they go, It's too much work. A lot of the salespeople they just want to sit on a phone and take orders. They just glorify order takers or is it under takers? They're killing me. And I, for the life of me, an Albion Michigan at WALM, like 37 years ago, We had somebody who wrote copy. It's like one of the most basic. It's like you know, it's like whatever the business is. There are certain basic things, basic elements that you can't do without. You don't have like in radio. You got an engineer. You got your on the air people. You have your production people. You got to manage your program director a couple of salespeople. And a person in traffic that makes up the program log and the gets the spots on hopefully. And a person who writes copy. Those right to that set. All the other window dressing, all the other bull crap. All the bodies running around in the building, sucking, each other's ass. That's bull crap. And like I've said before, an eight billion dollar company and you try to tell them something they know it all man. You can't tell nothing because they know it all. They got the answers. They're a smart. They made all this money. And you know something. I don't think they did make all this money. I think the sisters got it somewhere like maybe inherited it or something like that. I don't know where it and how they came from unless it fell off a tree somewhere. They did make all this money. Because they pee away more money in a month than most of us will ever see in a lifetime. Did I get that out of my system or what? Johnny Dark is there with a big smile on his post. Here's what I'm talking about. The most bush league, the most inept. Did you ever work at a radio station? You've been all over the place. Did you ever, what do you laugh at about? You ever work at a radio station where they did not have a continuity person? They wrote copy. Much less. I'm not, I said a radio station. Not a gas station. That was buddy Bud Paxon. They got three major market radio stations. One right up right up and down the hall here. And we aren't going to hire a continuity person because it just against their goddamn religion. And so what do we get? We get swell from salespeople. Oh, you won't understand. You won't get it. Okay, no, you will get it. In fact, you ought to be doing that spot. It's right up your alley. It's for all your nose pickers out there. Yeah, that's right up your alley, baby. Go out and lie in your bed liner. Here's my enemy. Hello. My enemy. When is this? When is Saturday's? Speak now or hold it forever till it turns purple. Going once going twice up your nose. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, sir. Yes, sir. You are absolutely cool. Of course. You know, this is the number one, the demographics in South Florida. We're the only place where there's enough reconstitute again. He's to fill in arena. And, you know, I think we ought to just call his bluff and boycott him. Don't let him go. I don't know. Let me say something to you about this. Okay. I'm not boycott in the Panthers. I love hockey. It's in my blood. But as far as anything else he has to do with you see me going to any Marlin games? No. Am I going to the dolphins this year? No. I'm not renewing my season tickets. I am not going. I'm not paying a dime. I'll go to one game in February to pay for the tickets. I won't spend a dime in their concessions. And I agree with you. No more blockbuster. No more Wayne. You just keep saying that. The only reason I'm going to the hockey game is it's because the only game in town. You know, I can't choose who the owner is. But as far as any of the other marginal stuff that I don't really care about, I wouldn't spend up any that's going in his pocket. And of course, as far as some of the sanitation's concerned, he's got me by the short here is on that one. I got no choice. But do you know how much money he's losing up there in that dump don't you? That's why the prices everywhere are also going up. You want dump. And the dump the owns. He owns the dump out there. If a puff in North Fort Lauderdale. He owns the dump. Yeah. He owns some of the sanitation. Well, whatever all I'm trying to say is because he's losing money on Southern Saryou. You kidding me? No. It's a gold mine. The right meat on his money. If you read an article about two months ago in the paper, the recycling. We're doing such a good job at it. Yeah. They have predicted the losses over the next 10 years in the tens of millions. Oh, hi. Good. Is going down the toilet because I agree with you. I've never gone to a football game. I've never gone to a football game. I've never gone to a football game. I've never gone to a football game. I've never gone to a football game. I've never gone to a football game. That's a joke. And you got me to a hockey game one time last year. Let me have the time of my life. Yeah. And now he's bruised. You know. I want to take it away from us. He gave us something good. He dangled in front of our nose. Now he's going to take it away. Now let me ask you something. What? Because you sound like you might know the answer. I live in Broward. I got my own home. Do I have to? Is there a law that I have to have my garbage picked up by Southern sanitation? And hand him unloaded somewhere in a dump. You know, in all honesty, the city works the contract. If you got enough people locally to say, we don't want them. Yeah. You want another company or make up your own. You could do it. Because you can take it too. But I'm just talking about his one person for starters. Who doesn't want to subsidize Wayne. I don't know. I don't. I don't. I'm going to find the answer to that. That would be good because, you know, this creep. Because there's plenty of dumpsters to dump you. I mean, you know, I just got one house I've only got here for banks twice a week. The building. This arena that wants. I don't understand is thinking. I mean, it's not a question of thinking. It's just his character. That's the nature of the man. He's a greedy miserable nasty, arrogant, and perious son of a bitch. That's him. I'm a back at Germany. Okay. We have two open lines in dates. 7.519. For it's see, there's another one of those. You have a call day. You think you had somebody actually having a discussion who might have an IQ bigger than his shoe size. And he didn't. What a jerk. What a jerk. What a year you're an asshole man. You're a real jackass. I feel sorry if you have like relatives. Oh, I'm sure they have nothing to do with you. 134 at WIOD. 610. WIOD. No facts. Just our opinions all the time. You let five sell my hand. Go back. Yeah. Yeah. 138 at WIOD. Here's a pop-in-oh. Hello. Yeah. It's kind of funny that you mentioned this. I've been fighting this for the last couple of months. And I don't know whether or not I'm going to get anywhere. I have three or four pieces of property. Some of it is rental and what have you. Right. On a particular piece of rental property that I have. It's a four-plex. My trash. Number one. I don't like the way to pick it up. Number two. I can handle it myself because on another piece of property, I have a large dumpster. Right. So what I did is I called environmental services, which is handled this along with a lot of other things. Water and sewer. And I told them, I want to cancel. I said, I want to cancel. My pickup as far as the trash. I will take care of it. Right. They said, you can't do that. I said, what do you mean I can't do it? I don't want your service. I will take care of it because I happen to happen. They never be like calling up the cable company and say, I want you to disconnect the cable. I don't want to pay for anymore. And they say, you can't do that. Well, ever did it. It's tied into the fact that you are a property owner. And if the place is inhabited, then they feel that you must have the surface. But I'm not done with them yet because I can handle it without it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done with it. I'm not done doing it. A lot of them said, we have a total of the money. Correct. It wasn't that much. If you had an out Hauspress is beside the tower, the lack of information, says you're even a nobody. there's such that somebody gives us money to come down to garbage. This was Palm Beach County, but yeah, they did have to pay that for years. Boy, and you talk about America. You talk about freedom. You talk about individual liberties. What kind of crap is that they tried to get it off like every year. Yeah, and they never. And what if you don't pay him? What if you take care of it? Your stuff and you don't pay. What do they do then? Well, there was no or anything to take care of. No, but I'm saying if you have a house, they live in. I guess they put a lean on your house so that when he can get his little chunk of your ass isn't at nice. Isn't that beautiful? Yep. I think I'm going to start something on this deal. I think we're going to delve our nose deeply into this. What I really call it about that was Brian Blades. Yeah, if you take his statement on on the face of it, he's guilty of manslaughter. Yeah, man. Man, manslaughter is when you're so reckless. Right. And that's what they finally decided. I don't know. My took him so long. They finally decided that since he was waving a gut around and did a little bit was his gun and it was foraged his away from his chin and it went off and he wound up being dead. That he was irresponsible, etc. And the guys didn't he's got to pay the price for it. Yeah. I mean, you introduced the gun into the middle of a domestic situation. Right. And then it turns out that he was according to the witnesses that he was using the gun. That is his cousin was trying to stop him from using the gun to intervene in the squabble between his brother and his girlfriend, which who knows what he was going to do with the gun in the first place. Yeah. Who was he going to shoot with it? Sounds like manslaughter to me. Yep. Okay. All right, now. See you. Bye. Okay. We'll get to the bottom of this garbage mess. If it's the last damn thing, if we have to all smell it together, look at our nose in the bottom of it. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. This is Philip Miami. Yes, sir. I was calling a couple things. One, I've been on a dime for about two and a half week. Right. Lost 12 pounds. You'll go great. You'll butter the never. Beautiful. The other thing is, it didn't, didn't Wayne say that Annaheim did it for the docs and it turned out to be such a great thing for them. Yeah. Well, I mean, if that's true, why didn't someone and Brower go out and investigate that and find out that, you know, hey, it really would be a good thing for Brower to kind of do this and we'd make tons of money. But on the flip side of it, if it's so good for Annaheim, why doesn't he do it himself if they're making money and do it the same way they did? Good point. And does any have a management and an entertainment company that does those types of things that he's trying to force on the homestead race track? Exactly right. So, I mean, what's he playing at? He's playing us for soccer. That's what he's doing. He's just begging for money. Yep. You want us to subsidize, even when he takes a ball move and he wants us to pay for the paper. Have a great day, pal. All right. See you. Good luck to us all, man. I'm not subsidizing him any more than I have to. And like I said, I'm going to bring my own little bottle of water in there to the hockey games and I'm going to do my own little thing and that's it. Because I'll be God damn, if I'm, you know, and like I said, if I were in a big hockey fan, I would just say screw that too. But if you want to subsidize people who like to spit in your face and who carry on, like little children, and we're supposed to feel sorry because he's only worth a billion dollars, yeah, let me, let me say it again. Let me say it again one more time. He's losing a million a month on the Panthers. Okay. He's going to lose 12 million in this coming season. 12 million dollars. Okay. The figure they keep putting in a paper. He's worth $800 million. Okay. At 5% in a past book savings account, 5% of 800 million is what? 40 million? 10% is 80. What are you shaking your hand about? Is it that hard Andy? Oh, you shaking his head to get that stuff out of there. You just came out of nickels office again. Yeah, you better get some on your left ear now. That dark stuff. But anyway, 5% of 800 million is 40 million not less faces. Nobody's worth a lot of money makes 5% on their money. If he's making only 10% that's $80 million a year just on interest. Just on interest. Forget about the fact he needs a tax right off for all this other day. And money he's making. Like all that money he made. What was that stock that we're talking about the other day? Some medical member I read that about some scientific some medical stock that he just made a fortune on millions and millions of dollars. But he had told us about that at the press conference. All he's doing is a drug testing. Yeah, right. I said, man, man, man. 80 million a year and I guarantee he's making a lot more than 10% on his money. But just a 10% 80 million a year. And his guys widen his losing money on a marlins and on the Panthers poor baby. So can't we come along and can't the taxpayers in the county come up with some way. And I'm going to tell you guys, I'm finished with you guys. I'm taking my jocks strap in my pocket. I'm going someplace else. You know, some of there's little kids in a sandbox who act more mature than he does. And when and I've told you this many times before I want you to really you let this penetrate your brain if you got one. This man never made money through public relations. This man made money through musseling other people out of business in the waste management in the music and the industry and the entertainment and every field he's ever been and even talks about. He was talking about going into the some other branch of waste management. That article was just a couple of months ago. I remember talking about it on the year was in it all year of business section of your newspapers and about how they're selectively going to go around the different areas and put all the little guys out of business and they're going to like must and then of course, once they do that like blockbuster, they jack the prices way up. Once they eliminate all the competition, they screw you right in the back. So instead of 50 cents a buck to write a movie for a night guess what it's three and a half it's four bucks and if you don't rewind your US $100 bucks whatever it is they stick it to you because there's nowhere else to go. 149 at Wiod. We know you listen and we've seen your little black book too. 186 I was watching my TV one day, my mom came out of 280 Paint so MISS with Fires legs again Again, and I say... Does anybody really know where far's the is? No! No! But go keep changing all the time. I can't keep up so I don't try. I thought that was absolutely this day. The Russians contacted him and see him. And then he's on the watch of night and day. So I say... Does anybody really know where far's the is? No! Can anybody tell me where? No! You know I'm most involved in jazz. No! But I'm not trying to be a wise guy. Can anybody tell me where? No! I'm about to hear you. But I need a fool. I don't know. No! No! So how's the Turecatfield in these days? 155, it's WIWD. We'll send Brian over to see him and bring him back. Let's go to KivaSkina on a purple line. Hi Neil. Yes, man. I'm doing great. I can tell. Because it's almost too exact. You know where it's on? Right. Listen. I thought it's telling you something about where I used to live. We had a hockey team. And it was an old Adam's cup division that used to be like them in the Southland. Like Dallas and Fort Worth and Tulsa and Phoenix and Amarillo even some of those counts. And before they just been to the Adam's cup division, we had a farm club for the islanders. That at first was a red winged and turned into the islanders. But the fans bought the team. Yeah. We islanders decide to pull out. Well, that's you're not going to happen here. Well, I don't know. Why wouldn't it? Because the fans are going to put up 80 or 90 million dollars like the people in Nashville are doing. Who has stick and Wayne's pocket. Well, I'm not talking about Wayne. He could be out of it. I mean, we can't. You don't understand. He already owns it. That's who do you have to buy it from? Well, yeah. We're the minor league team. We probably weren't talking about a lot of money. Yeah. But we talked about a national hockey league franchise. You're talking about they wanted to pay 90 minutes. I think to the owner of the devils to move from New Jersey. So I'm sure the world of pay Wayne probably is much or whatever. Yeah. I know things are different now. This is like 20 years ago when you could go to the hockey game for nine. You can raise 90 thousand dollars here much less 90 million. Well, we just saw it. I mean, you know, if we got really desperate, we could own our own hockey team. The team that's different in the fans and in Wayne is that we're not greedy. We just want to go watch hockey. Exactly. We just want to pay an of course he keeps, you know, the best part of the deal is I want you to stop and think about the people who are really the loyal fans like yours truly. And the people that keeps playing out there. They're every game and they keep spending more and more money. I mean, in three years, he's jacked and prices up almost double. And very few complaints. I mean, people aren't too happy about it. But they love the game and they love the team enough. They will spend the money. And now he turns around and spits in your face and keeps making all kinds of threats. As if somehow we'll responsible for it. Oh, I know. I know. And the only way to be happy in that situation is to like get him out of the picture. Yeah. I agree. I agree. That sounds set him out a long trip or maybe just. That would be good. That would be good. Okay. Have a great day. Hi, man. Here's my and me. Hello. Oh, yes, I'm Neil. Yes, sir. There's Wayne. Are you upset that I didn't wear a condom last night? Here's a pop and a hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I had a similar problem with my trash. And I tried to get rid of the service. Yeah. Oh, and me, my water bill tripled and I paid it and June it tripled again. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Your water bill tripled. What does that mean? They're both county services. It's both out of the same tax. Think I own my own house. They're both county services. Both like they come under your taxes. No, I'm just seeing a flower that doesn't work anyway. I'm in a problem. You're not in plantation acres. No, I'm in pampino. Yeah. And my water bill tripled. So I paid it. Tripled again in June. Yeah. So I tried to find out what was going on. They're sticking to two here. Right. The synagogue out here. Now they shut my water up on Monday. For what? They want a $90 good face deposit. Good face of what? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. They're ripping you off and they're a jack-up your water bill. I want good face on your part. Right. And I raise the think about it. Oh, that's the problem. See, trouble maker. Now they're going to stick it to you. Every way they can. Right. You're probably find all kinds of dead animals in your septic tank. Well, I think maybe they're going to try and put me out of my house. Make it on Sanitari conditions. Because I don't have $320 to turn my water back on right now. Yeah. And I have a three-year-old son. I really don't need to get booted out of my house. Yeah. So I think that I let you know that you're not crazy. They all are doing it. Incredible. Good luck, pal. Take it easy. Okay. Nice story. Here's the lady in the where, Hylia. This is not Hylia, but it's Miami. How you doing? Hylia in Hylia is. I would swear to God that it says they're right here. Oh, well. All right. Well, anyway. Yeah. I'm not defending Wayne because I defend. I'm going to be a real short call. No, not only I'm in Bustil would do that. No, no, you're right. I'm not an impotent. But I do have a question. Would we have gotten datesball and hockey down here? We're going to be up in God. Let me say this to you. Okay. If we would have known upfront that we were going to have a guy like this who is going to use it as a weapon against us. Right. You see, I just assume would live without it. Okay. As much as I love it and I've had a good time going to the games. Although a lot of them were coming in dozing. I think a lot of people would agree. We could live just as well without it. We lived all these other years without having it here. And I think we got to survive without it. And what this guy is trying to say, we never had it without him. And I say, if we never would have had him in a first place, we'd be 90 yards ahead of the game and right on the goal line right now. Give me that long time. You have to take a risk. Are you ready? Oh, he was talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD Miami Ford Latterdale.