Get Man This Shive! F*** them! That f***ing bitch. Use Talking Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD presents The Neal Rogers Show to talk with the YL-Col 751 WIOD from day 524 WIOD from Rower. Outside the 305 Area Code is toll free. At 880 944 WIOD, an AT&T Wireless Customers can call Hyundai OD at No Charge. Now, The Neal Rogers Show, a news-talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. I was doing this monkey with his asso red, and in just three days he was melted and dead. It was Ebola. Epoopopola. Ratdom! I'm making love to a monkey where to just stand right. Now my face is sweaty and my buggie is tight. Epoopopola. Ratdom Epoopopola. I know the fuck is over inside here Gonna bring it to America in my rear Right Don't rob it so slow that they're beginning round Gonna be the only end Till I'm on the ground I'll stay with you back here Got a church just to see a footballer All right I know the fuck is over inside here Gonna bring it to America in my rear Right Don't rob it so slow that they're beginning round Gonna be the only end Till I'm on the ground I'll not be forced to go back here Got a fire I know one thing, hop up on the beat that you get it for That's fucking bitch Okay, happy Labor Day here we go. It's gonna be a tremendous four hours It's gonna zip by like stuff through a mitten I guarantee that right now all this a fear over a goddamn dead pussy cat What the hell is wrong with these people around here? Power for the course is this the same company where we had more crap in the vents here for like 30 years We had stuff that was growing in there which even on at alien autopsy thing They never found stuff like that Just every kind of mong and mold and mildew and garbage in the vents people sick choking and puking and until we threaten to get OSHA involved in this the occupational safety has it administration until we threaten to get them down on the ass of Cox broadcasting They couldn't give a crap less because it wasn't financially expedited this time to worry about the health of our employees But Rick and so it's put a dead cat a dead pussy in a freezer And right away we got people running around here in tears We got one of my to want to mention Sarah's name on a year that's fucking bitch But she's in tears. She's having an nervous breakdown because there's a dead ends in Jennifer Ram who here's I mean Jennifer Talk about somebody that I thought was really and I maybe it's just you know here's the same person who says Gordon gives South Florida a major Blow job. How do you like that? And she's worried about a dead cat in a freezer This is the same Jennifer who says can't beat that gator meat boy So they're a little bit out of sorts around here, but that's the way it goes. Okay. I mean just no sense of humor Everybody very uptight so the dolphins played a girl school yesterday of girls team and they came out on top big time 52 to 14 What's everybody talking about today? A bunch over the sports station. You know the two or three people who are calling which ends about it They're talking about their hurricanes getting a crappy out of mid UCLA What a shame huh? In fact, a couple are really tough breaks over the weekend. Notre Dame. Oh, yes. Oh my god I saw the end of that game the last a few minutes of that game and of course You just had that feeling that touchdown Jesus was just about to pull another out of his ass and he dropped it something happened and he forgot about it And the clock just ran out and little holes were standing there with that star put on the sidelines Man, I'm not sure which was better the hurricanes getting their ass whipped at UCLA or Notre Dame getting beat by a girl school north Western Oh, man, let's take a vote on that, okay, and boy you talk about ugly You talk about ugly. Can you imagine what's gonna happen with the hurricanes travel up to a Talahassey in a couple of ways and what FSU is gonna do to Miami? I Wonder how Luther Campbell feels now that he's blackmailed this team and to put in that kid there a quarterback who can't even plan a good I guarantee a Shannon thought they're gonna do a better job With her hands tied behind her back even without ugly puts a hers So anyway 751 Wild and data. I'm sure gonna get a lot of calls all the dolphin fans jumping right on that band Wagoda day. We're really the best looking at 52 points against the worst team in league That's right. That was a good confidence builder It's called building up a false sense of confidence getting ready for the big fall as in next week The Patriots of course coming from behind in dramatic style 19. Yeah seconds left in a game Blood so 30 out of 47 306 yards and what's really got to get people warn is that all of a sudden They got a running back all of a sudden they got a running back the Patriots of got a running game, okay 102 yards for this kid the Curtis Martin is that his name. I don't even know what that. Oh's name is 102 yards. I told you baby 100 and two yards for the rookie Curtis Martin on the ground and They played a real team. That's the only difference, but hey, we'll find out Think of us as mutant jeans looking for a new target organ every day But you know I'm fabulous with fabulous tips for love You know Desides of a man's genitals is not important unless you're going to have sex with him That is my tip for love and I am Fabio Thanks to the tip Fabio on second thought keep it 10 16 at Wildr first call of the holiday It's gonna be great for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Oh, okay Was watching the game yesterday and which game is that? The dolphin game. Yes, you have an catch with more of Albert said about everything did you see it? I wasn't there. I was out of town this weekend. Oh Well, he says the perfect fryer became an ordained minister during the off season And he said that he had performed a wedding ceremony on keep fires With the way you said it was that he married keep fires. Yeah, and the two of Mari Loping with Louis Oliver. Yeah, it's amazing in it In front of only on a dolphins man It all says everything about the dolphins ministry everything. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news So fryer tuck is that his new name now or what? Two all-per-lines in day 751 Wildr that purple line of courses wide open cellular one pound I would be proud naturally. It's tourially in a show We don't want to get them two open lines in Broward five two four nine four six three and the two green lines Miley dolphin linebacker Chris single tunnel be the sports talk six ten guests tonight tonight Sports talk six ten at Flannigitz in North Miami on earth. He's done a 25th Street Just west of which is a wist dexie highway going over there and see a default and manage It's one of the rare opportunities to hear a default live on a station Here's a lady in the cables. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am happy to have you today in back to you You haven't since the humor right. Yeah, how much you like it if one of those guys that bring you lunch would Bring you a dead cat Do you think that would be funny? I'm so sorry for Phil. He is a genius What do you mean you feel sorry for Phil? Otherwise you really think Phil is upset about that. I am I mean when he but he's not upset So in other words, you're buying into something that Phil is telling you on a year again How long do you have to listen before you understand? Does he have to send you a telegram personal to your house? I've listened to he's not upset about a frozen cat He got a frozen cat with a birthday cake. That is bad. What is that? That's just not nice. You wouldn't like it with you Would you want a birthday cake coming up with you, but would you like somebody later dead cat beside it? No, how do you know they latered me side it because he said it was beside the cake and they had to throw Maybe he was beside himself Maybe somebody ought to buy him a birthday cake and really celebrate Why did you come on over the afternoon and make a little wubby with him? It sounds like you're on a set You don't know how I would like to. I'm trying to don't want a kid I think he said He's a kid. Phil Henry is a kid. Oh He just celebrate his 63rd birthday. I don't care. He could be a hundred and he never seen Mark Barkin croft on that sports crack That's not real It's not it's not a good one It could You tell him that. Yeah, but let me say something for us. Let me say something. Yeah, no. I don't see that Yeah, I asked him to bring me an A-Shay from Minneapolis. I'm the who I am. Yeah When he doesn't really know I can't I'm lucky. I was someone bag like you. Are you crazy? Oh? Yeah, you sound old. How old do you think I am? I'm just nervous. I'm never told you about 57 57. I wish. Yeah, you wish. Yeah 67 Right on the bus 70 set your 67. Yes, I am. Yeah, I told you're an old band I told you I was too old for anything else. I want to adopt him in nothing's happening. That's a big Really not no bit either. I just love Phil and you do too And you know that hurt me when he had a birthday cake with a dead cat beside Well, as you come on and over, we'll give you a title. We'll give you a desk. We'll give you your own orifice. You can be in mass Make him a cake. If you come and get it. I'll thank you. One. Okay, if I knew you were coming at a baked you A dead pussy. Okay, okay, honey. Have an iced in. Okay. Okay, warm up that pocket rockets We'd art. We have all the day lines wide open 751. What did I tell you? This is what they're excited about a goddamn frozen dead cat It was a cat that just died. It died The night it died probably was too fat. You ever see a fat cat? It was a fat cat and it died and that's it. That's the end of the story. Okay, and a Brought it over here in a schmata and a stuck in the freezer to hang on due to give fill. I mean, it's more than most of us get On my 400th anniversary on here in Miami. I get a card from my mother. I get one card. It's from my mother They don't care enough to send their very best or even their very worst. They don't care to send you anything I remember when Phil Henry had his one year anniversary on a year in his town and he comes on and he had a card It wasn't even from his mother It was like from some probably from this bitch out there that he don't want nothing to do with this desperate Desperado desperatus and how come nobody's talking about that great freedom float till I get on the weekend I don't get it. This is the big news story here people talking about a bunch of silly football game Man One of these people ever gonna learn if they're not at the Everglades shooting themselves in the foot If they're not out there under thing getting their toe chopped off, they seem to have a foot finish Maybe that's what it is. It's always some foot problem and in this time there was one guy who drowned. He died He died he died And there was like no life rafts on his little lenders above handful of these so-called exiles and they keep running out there Did you see them trying to scramble up back on top of the boat with his their pants fall on an their big fat ass hanging out there That was that was really classy man. When are you people gonna understand you're making fools out of yourselves You're making monkeys out of yourselves How about our frozen monkey in the freezer next time Man, oh man in the rest of the world is watching all here's Miami again. They're they're putting their best feet forward Put your foot out there. All right 610 W I O D News to keep you informed talk to make you laugh your ass off Ladies and gentlemen Please welcome the two newest New York Yankees Darryl strawberry I'm the doctor good in it and the personal coach Steve That's what I like to know That goodins in the wind up the straw man snorts the line up He's drooling like a dog who heard a bell I'll ride he's high as a lab rat from smoking the crack at a bat He does in like cocaine just likes the way it smells Snorting Balls barrels rolling up the planet Snorting Balls and he's given good and plenty They lick the swanny dollar bills Their teeth are grinding like a pepper mill Doing eight balls alcohol and pills Steve always in the bullpen is nostrils are white-o-pulls He's so fucked up beating season the braves Okay, he gets advice from Doc and Doc prescribe some rock So first he blew a line in Danny blooter save Snorting Balls they abused the magic powders Snorting Balls sprinkled on their clam chowder Prescriptions got the pet you will refill They do it in the pool if they had gills Go in a ball Alcohol and pills All that money Beware of explode I'll go I like a welcome you all aboard as your manager Okay, 1028. That's what they all are high. That's what he aches are winning every day How about those angels by the way? In a row and counting how you don't care about sports. It's just one of those things that it's a good diversion Three open lines in date of course that's all of them 7519463 and a purple cellular one line Which we had a very important traffic report from forlaterdale on a purple line so important They didn't hang on even though we're paying for it on the AT&T wireless line whatever it is forlaterdale. Hello Hi, how you doing? Okay happy Labor Day and back to yeah great for four weekend. Was it? Love seeing that are damn lose. Oh, man Was one of the great moments of my life to a cruel school no less to North Western which never wins? Oh, and they beat up on him every year and the tide has been turned. Yes Love it and it was great because I'm a semel-fan and we kicked major ass. Oh wait 70 to 26 overdue I would say that they're gonna score over 100 points against UM Oh, and the only thing that doesn't see in UM lose was getting to boo their band out yesterday It's a dolphins game Their band was there their band was there and they played when a man loved the woman Yeah, and I thought that was major tacky when a man loves a woman at a And a football game maybe Wayne had something to do with this was pretty flage there or what oh What does that mean? I mean I don't know maybe it was better than all those stupid marches those teams always those bands always play You know, oh, I think it's Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Bob Oh, I hate I hate college marching bands man. They make me sick God, maybe they'd be all right if they placed something different like maybe when a man loved a woman Oh, I know what you see LA band was playing iron man by Ozzy Osborne really Yeah, yeah, well, that's that's LA another all stone other minds of oh I know they probably didn't know not in Miami. Oh, no, no now the reason that everybody's in my the only people in Miami Stone or the UM football team because they got all the drugs wrapped up They got the good connections with Luther And days of our lives is gonna be hot today is he gonna be on today? Austin's gonna be on there and his real name is Austin too It is yep, and he replaces the old Austin. He's on Melrose and he's like I would like to spend the Labor Day holiday weekend in Austin It wouldn't be much of a labor it would be easy God almighty am I right or what he's great how long has he been on that show? Just a few months actually They always have the best guys on that show and actually days of our lives has more sex and violence than any other soap on TV All right Now we're talking I've been watching it for 10 years next month. Let's give the people what they want. Oh We want it. We want it. We want it. Okay. Well, you have a great day. I'll be watching you just made my day. Oh Hi, thanks. Hey, here. Bye. Bye. Bye So we have a two open lines and data. It's gonna be real battle here today Has that when you folks are trying to tell me that's what Rick said he said it was brutal But what makes that different money stana halala has there for many other day. He asked 751 WIOG I can't imagine why we don't have all those doll fans on here jumping on the band wagon Hey, we kick some ass. Yeah, but you'll play the girls team. Okay. I mean, that's a great start 52 to 14 they were just the sharpest attack. They were running up and down at field They were like Danny Boy was going nuts And I did the get back in time to hear the end of the game on radio That's him for man. He's got the personality of a dead man. You know what man? He is and what happened to man? It's did they tone him down or something? He really did he sounded like Mercedes McCambert it was like a throttle right Well, what is that? I don't get it. I think they've you know, we don't want him get carried away Don't get too excited and then the rumors were which I wasn't here. I was out of town over the weekend didn't happen to hear the UM game on I and Z And also they're carrying it on a light bulb is that true. They're carrying on light bulb So that they can because they have no brownwood signal and I well whatever the deal was and from what I understand rumors about Sonny having a little technical problems out there for Sonny nice guy But boy, is he gonna root the day he got involved with them? He thinks that this place is screwed up, which it is But boy wait till he finds out what buddy about Paxons all about and I sure hope he catches that It gets the check up front get the money out front when you work for buddy Paxons just ask suds and me will tell you Here's plantation hello the morning Neil how you doing today? Kacer. I've been a bit late and back to yeah So the rules and fraction committee said the $2 million that Dan marino made There was nothing wrong. It wasn't illegal. It was okay. No, that isn't what they said That's not what they said What did they say they said that from the standpoint of the NFL right that he didn't violate any league policy That doesn't make it legal in the Culture he didn't I'm sorry he didn't violate any league policy. Right. That's right isn't darn shoelah Part of the rules and fraction committee. You know that's not yeah Okay, well he probably just changed the rule over the weekend. I love your questions. Yeah. That's all I wanted to know Okay, pal. Thank you sir. See you Yeah, he's absolved of any wrong doing. I mean insider trading. I mean outside of the NFL. It's illegal But inside the NFL get whatever you can. That's what it's all about that's the message 751 Wild we have two open lines in date to and Broward five two four what on a purple line What do you expect any people to be calling today? It's Labor Day. It's beautiful It's gonna be 90 degrees the sun is shining there out in their boats throughout their puffin away Whatever they're doing So leave these poor bastards alone. Okay. They got nothing to say Of course if I was to play that goddamn stupid dolphin fight song Then they would get all worked up to a frenzy, huh? Here we go Let's hop back on that bad wagon for the big win Right, it's standard so while let's continue. Let's just fumble our way along We'll be for you know it'll be time for lunch Is there anybody open today on Labor Day? I would imagine this is the kind of day There are different kinds of holidays. There are those holidays that are like When everybody gets let out for you know a Christmas day that either have religious significance or you feel guilty And you have to let everybody go home and to do their thing with their family and then their other holidays that are Have over the last several years become like real bananzes for businesses or they have their big Labor Day sales So aren't like a lot of places open today or my wrong? Huh are the shopping malls close today or what? They're open right? We were at the mall yesterday and one lady was telling us Another old lady who is asking that they were gonna be open it from 8 a.m. to like nine oh sure I mean there are I mean there's a lot of people out there. They got time to spend their mind today Go on spend them on he helped the guy damn economy, okay? Send a little over here in a brown paper sack and some money too Here's Pompeii, Chelo Yes sir happy Labor Day to you and back to you at the game yesterday They keep trying to do the wave all the time Neil. They're waving aggravating. Yeah, I hate the wave. I mean it's disgraceful These fans but the greatest week in his football. I couldn't know which was better no-der-damer Miami getting That's a tough call. It's a really tough call. I mean to see two of these anxious uh for a sports teams Two of these grotesque Whatever and how do you want to call them both get dumped in a tank? I think Miami getting me 31 to 8 though that was special 31 to 8 You hate both teams, but you know you got to hate Lou Holtman But you're forgetting you're forgetting something else Guess who else got his ass handed to a monopletter yesterday in Seattle. Oh, yeah, that was great He was Dennis this give me a drink lyrics and hey, oh my god, how do you like that huh? I think he had a couple of drinks after I wouldn't be surprised he's probably He's probably down on a few right now And then the top of the night off was Mark Park and Croft on sports rap huh? See that boy that was great How about any I think at the list last week But the greatest call in Phil Henry history was a week ago Friday when the guy called and looking for a Man-ditch and they were talking about Bob greasy. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I did great is calling the history of Phil It's the grace call and I see the human ring and he can't see a phone It was I mean you were saying you got to get the slack and the sport jacket Yeah, we're gonna have the charity function for the you know something if Rick and suds what a bit of thinking They could have saved the dead cat for a greasy exactly How would a nice holiday meal have a great life? Okay two open lines on the blue lines five two four nine four six three and Broward five two four W-I-O-D yeah, this will tie this over for about another four weeks this football stuff and then of course Hockey will start we'll get it where real sport with real men and real excited and you know we won't have to worry too much about this stuff And some of those shows oh my god, you know I used to really like Chris Burman on ESPN. He was a very funny guy, but you know something when you take something that's good in small doses And you try to like make it into a big deal and you try to whisper it out. It just don't make it and they're trying so hard on that ESPN show to be funny They're not it's the same with ESPN radio where they're all sitting around with a feather up the rest laughing and puking and Carrying on about stuff that isn't even remotely amusing much less, you know fall down laughing funny And they got the sterling sharp on there now who's you know he can speak with that space He's got nothing to say And they're throwing a ball back and forth and it's like, you know They're trying to outdo fox now everybody's trying to outdo fox and fox of course put themselves in a leak of their own With that stupid the pre-season show that followed the alien autopsy the other night juvenile Pathetic the one with the Madden and the summer all the little kids on there tragic Nothing to with football then to bring out Terry guide damn Bradshaw Who doesn't have to try to be a jackass because he already is one? How about those how about those teams that just squeak by yesterday boy like Atlanta in overtime no less to be the girls team And the Steelers just barely squeak in by and the lions getting beat I'll tell you one thing yesterday of now Benny blades his team lost the lions and Brian blades out there and Seattle I guess he's not jumping high enough and running fast enough Here's Miami hello Yes, sir. How they're happily to read and back to you Listen yesterday was so interesting to watch Zeorlins almost kill San Francisco no they didn't well they almost it no they didn't they were dominated? Give it a shot that's always a tough game especially They always play the 49ers tough always Well also In addition to which you notice when the guy recovered that fumble for the 49ers at the end of the game And he kind of like dropped the ball they were yelling at him from behind don't screw up the points bread. Okay So the points bread on again they only won by two so they were just bread yeah and also Ricky waters is The Philadelphia Eagles didn't come by yesterday either. Yeah, they were nice But I got to tell you man. I mean rich coat tight speaking of the Eagles he screwed up that team entirely and now he goes to the jets and If they win two games this year, I think they'll be lucky They were absolutely fun. They are a visible But let me tell you something it wasn't important for us to pay such a girl school yesterday. I mean I'm a hardcore dolphin fan And I think it was something that we needed to do just to gel. I mean you know Demorino again. It was a chronic order to believe in that this is the year get everybody talking to big talk right? No, I'm not saying it's gonna be the year, but I'll say how I can we've got weapons and I think if we just gel That's you know that's key. I mean our defense is about to come together. Yeah. I'm glad you know that Carcine there again. I mean that was pretty scary last week, but I don't know I was pretty happy with everything that turned out I mean the score was you know was pretty pretty cool. I guess yeah I'm out of material now. Okay, good luck your pal You know, so they sound like they try to talk themselves into it. Well, okay. It was a good start though You know a win is a win if you're playing a guy if you're playing vassar. Oh win is a win as long as somebody believes that The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on wiov You're not necessarily those of the station or sponsors all wiov programs are copyright 1995 by wiov Incorporated no take recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of wiov Incorporated so Mark Furman says a 1042 a wiov de here's pop at O Beach, hello Uncle me, why are you working on labor day? What do you mean because these are a bunch of inseparable bastions? This is ridiculous there any condition of which I'm going on vacation later in a weekend it would look bad not to be here You know what I'm saying well that is true. Do you see you in a way this weekend? Yes, I would you go to Toronto How I'm though yes, okay good hey. Why are you writing a book? No, I'll be you make you win on vacation I did not go on vacation. I went away for one day. Well, hey one day Look, I went away this week and I went to Tampa and Sarah soda Getting out of here every weekend every every possible moment to me is the greatest thing in the world I hear you laughing. I look forward to two weeks from tomorrow And my way to New Zealand for five weeks great. I'm the guy to call you for a few months ago I'm gonna get a few of my friends that are also kneeling that a with us We're gonna report back into here's a casino with the hotel. We're staying at but I've got a lot more to do a New Zealand I go to a casino I was curious of anybody because stuck in the traffic problem down in Dolphin land yesterday because I was out of town and I've written the paper that it was pretty much of a mess They're a traffic problem and a parking problem What are you concept the park I really the parking problem obviously people are going by empty lots and then they got to the stadium People had parking passes and they got to the stadium will result to turn around and go back past called or in everything So I don't know Common sense breaks again sure. Nice. Need feel a lot better. We'll have a great time now. Okay Okay, open lines all over the place date 751 but we got even a bad line ringing hello Who keeps calling on a bad line? Who was that? Defoe was the one that kept calling before but I don't know who that was what tell us he want Earlier it was a surprise there really such a person there isn't his life on tape and if he doesn't stop typing out Those goddamn monologues man. I'm telling you Defoe. I'm serious. I'm telling you this is a friend Marginal friend, but as a friend those monologues. Oh my god. Okay, where we gone to we just did that To a point and be hello. Hello, Lord Ask how are you today? Yeah, let's go to a Western on a purple line. Hello. Yeah, he doing okay I want to ask you a question. You know we are whatever happened with his health care system We were never we're supposed to get what are you talking about talking about the fact that I had a circumcision That's what you call me Wild Who's this? Is top secret top secret what? What the hell is that? Some asshole on the bat line is what is that? Trying to talk to his producer who the hell is he thinking he was talking to? 751 okay, this is gonna be we'll play all the bits is that it we don't have time to do that though We got spots for someone no reason look at that phone But I grabbed this one while we got last call today. Hello. Hey, what's up me? Oh not much. Yeah Do you listen to Rick and Sub Julia today? Yes, would yeah hear how I got suspended? Oh my god, so we got another it's the same four people are gonna be gone over and over Yeah, I did hear how he was suspended and then was boring then and it's good Gonna be I thought he was supposed to go back to school someday like even on a holiday would be good for practice Okay, get out of here you same three or four people would know lives Let's have a few different people with no lives. There should be no shortage of that here 751 Wiod in date five two four and Broward 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 on a green lines my god You come back here you think this town was dead or something And how about that float? Tell us how about those freedom fighters out there those courageous freedom fighters on their way to liberate their country A little bit of a problem on the way just a little bit of a goddamn problem and Man overboard okay, what am I gonna tell you nobody cares about these things laughing stock of the world right here You're looking at it you're in it you're smelling it right here Wiod the purple line I'd like to talk to Dale speaking sir. Oh, oh, how are you okay? Yeah, just get back from Boston, math yes and You have eaten in brigands many years ago many many times what ice cream yeah That's unbelievable and somebody told me that they have it in extra down here. Do you have what? Brickham's ice cream never heard of that I don't know that's what they said I don't think so I think they're boggling I think they're yanking you You did that or I would go over there and check it out That's from head right now. Okay good luck to pal. Okay. There's the guy's going to extra right now He's got something to do on his holiday. He's going to extra to see if they got brigands ice cream All right, that's Miami for you. All right on holidays. What are we gonna do? We're not gonna go out in our yacht Cuz we don't have a yacht. We're not gonna go out and play golf or tennis. We can do that almost any day of the year We're gonna go to brigands and see if they have extra Open line on the agreeing line 1-8944 here's a mobile in Boca. Hello Yes, sir. Okay Just one quick note. I want to touch on stuff open today or what stores are open malls what? Sure and sell them up at the West Palm Auto malls. I'm going up there to make some deals today Okay, I just want to touch base on one quick thing and I know you're not or I know you don't need on to be a big fan of the man dog management. I'll tell you what do you mean by that? Well, I listen to you so quite regularly and quite frankly I'm not either a fan of his I just don't know Wait a minute. Don't say either. When did you wind it? I ever say I wasn't a big fan of Manus. See what you're trying to do is put words in my mouth so that we can agree now. Why do all cars want to twist the Host around their point of view? Why can't we you just admit that I like Manus and you hate them? You like Manus and I hate him. Okay. Sorry, not sweet. We agree on that much at least When I just wanted a touch base with the jackass I'm a catch fan and I know that's not many people are very Yeah, I think of that today, but I would take up something different if I were you because I got news for if you in one game this year It'll be a miracle. It's a girls team. It's a joke Yeah, you're very very right. I agree with that. I'll top of it. I'm a metman. You know what kind of season's I'm in for? I've been used to this for quite some time. Yeah, but anyway I just had an opportunity to have a work yesterday So unfortunately I had to listen to the Mad Dog and I'm not in the game yesterday. Yeah I think guys pretty much of a kiss at to say the least. I mean he jumps to bandwagon I was listening to the preseason games When they thought was weren't playing very well and all though it scored a lot of points Yesterday they had a couple of a couple of mistakes or so but they look pretty decent yeah When's the jet's right and so would anybody else? Exactly exactly but I just like to say if you don't mind that like to call Jim Mad Dog managed Quite a flaming asshole That man's a freak yeah Okay pal Okay, we'll see you on the train date. Okay 16 W I O D still the central characters of Larry King's nightmare I've just seen the most disgusting thing. I just I'm getting my set all warmed up Okay to make sure it's on a right channel here because she talked about today's of our lives I flip over to channel four they got the MDA telephone on here now And I could be wrong but I have a stinking sinking feeling and I put my heart that this is gonna be on here all day long And they're gonna be preempting all the network programming Unbelievable absolutely unacceptable channel for rots I hope that they when they move to channel six next Sunday. I hope their signal is down like about ten watts Here's a mobile in Palm Beach is gone. Okay. Like I said they're gone. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello Yes, sir. How's it going buddy? Okay, pal. All right. I was a decent weekend. I went up the the sitches bowl. That's pretty nice Yeah, never been there before you ever been there. No, I have done pretty nice stadium. Yeah, you know for you know what to use it for anyway I guess it's got them bleach your type seat. You know let me Not too great on the back. Yeah, I like the orange bull. Where is it on cement? Right. Yeah, kind of like that exactly where they have a separate hemorrhode concession Yeah One of my teams did good. We did some pound them. I went to that Florida State game They came home for a nice ass beating by the dolphins My ass is still killing me. Yeah, we'll see what happens. I'm a I don't think we're a ghost team That we're just young precise for boomer the jets are pathetic Rich co-tide is gonna drive that franchise into oblivion. That was not the code. I wanted huh? That wasn't the code That's not the coach anybody one I don't know what makes you think if he if he doesn't succeed somewhere What makes you think you know I wouldn't be surprised next season they moved to Trenton I'm telling you that'll be too surprised that's when they belong this team. Well, have a block seat There you go. I think that it made him even work out better. Okay pal. Hey Neil Yeah, you mean me of a quick favor. Yeah. Okay. Um, I want to hear yeah The catch in the cattle Cats in the cattle I know I know what it is. Okay. Take a bite. Bye bye. Okay, it's an air in it. It's a night ride. How it's the end? It's what it might be in there, but it's In where in there? No, we never put it in there. Why don't we put a piece of crap like that in here? We do have this though I'm not playing this, but it's just you know I'll play this thing. Okay, but this is kind of cute and if it's you When a frozen pussy in the freezer too is my perfect When you know some old bag 67 year old bag she's got the hotstper Phil Henry and she's all I'm saying that he had a throwy His birthday cake because there was a frozen cat alongside a bit So yesterday there uh how can I try well all weekend long about the opening of the rock and roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland so in yesterday I was gonna bring it in, but I was so angry I threw it out Because otherwise I would have brought it and then I really would have gone nuts They had the list. Did you see that of all these people's favorite songs which was the best rock and roll song of all time And the consensus of the Sun Sentinel audience was stairway to heaven What that always wins anytime they take a survey like that. Why is these rock honor always has that's not even in the running It's not even it's not even in the running and so they asked D jays like Ricky Tickie Rickshaw on some of these other in sunny Fox and and they took this poll and guess who else they asked Aaron summers now what the hell is she got to do with music what music is he playing on at show But they've got this in seshtuous relationship probably that die COVID air to Sun Sentinel is the one that wrote that piece And maybe that's what she's looking for is a piece but anyway and and whatever it was that Aaron came up with Maybe somebody still got yesterday's ragling around somewhere and the paper too But it was some non-descript bizarre marginal like most of the songs that they were naming Marginal crap Like LTO Chio the hip man a while and how did he came up with some other people like I think the 1910 fruit come company something really weak I mean when you're talking about the best rock and roll song of all time now Johnny dork He came up with satisfaction which You know, I don't think so, but for Johnny that was pretty good Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Hey, no yes, sir. Yeah, I love your program. Yeah Just got what's gone to like I've got I've got one comment. Yeah, so we're fans. That's what's not the like okay You see watching a ball game or something now and then but man somebody's guys need to get a life I think they know more about some of these football players crib and they know about themselves That is their lives don't you understand it? That's why they're so obsessed with Dionne Dion Dion prime time Maybe because they're in the joc world. This is a skate for a man. That's what's all about that's what it's that That's what's wrong with America. They're all bunch of spectators. They're all bunch of sheep just watching other people That's right. Come out there and find a life go out there and do something get off your ass That's right. That's what your body will have a life right. What's wrong with that amen? I got on a plane. I got there a lot of hear this weekend. That's what I did. I didn't just sit around Watch a bunch of stupid ball games. Yeah, but just say that away right by the way. Do you see Buffalo loose to then for last time Okay, I have a great life. Have a great holiday there's a guy's got a life he's out there doing stuff Maybe he's doing people but anyway last night all my god that what how my forgetting Notre Dame gets killed the Patriots pull on out with 19 seconds left. They win the hurricanes They get their ass handed to him out of God damn plate. It was unbelievable and Buffalo blows and soda the bill Man Notre Dame the hurricanes and the Buffalo bills all in the same weekend I brought you a Brad Booker Bell Monty is foaming at the mouth about that. I'm telling you Denver I mean Denver is you know, Elway looked pretty good last night. I got a confess that he looked pretty good for an old guy Who's long in the tooth. He's got teeth that haven't been invented yet But we're gonna get to send you anything all day long out that she's got me all worked up about the young this What about the young in a hornies that at least gonna be out of they got some stupid thing going on there Okay, why does anybody just write them a check and say please put on the soaps and get ready to your telethon and if you go away We'll send you we promise to send you a bag of money Poppino hello any all you doing this is doc. Yes, sir A couple of things you know that you get yesterday's paper by you understand Andy Calb was very upset about the Your frozen can also little humorless Andy Calb who if they start riots in overtime on the fill Henry show God that was really a funny bit fill, but if we got our frozen cat in a freezer that wasn't funny at all pretty true That is true. Did you happen to see the pregame warm up on Fox yesterday where they did an interview with Jerry Rice? No, that was great and they asked him a bunch of stuff and he was very level headed He said he wanted to accomplish all these titles and he wasn't gonna be so very rice is great He is and then at the end they asked him is to brown ask them one of their favorite questions was about loyalty to teams Yeah, and he said he's staying with the 49ers the rest of his career and I'm all right There you go. I rest my case. I heard that I Class that class team and by the way, you know Steve young had a tremendous day yesterday But nominal day that's in the league baby. I did okay and as far as rich tights it total just concern Yeah, trust me if my ego's got rid of the judge don't want to me there. That's for damn sure Okay, and one more thing he closed. Yes. We're already like 2k seconds past for the news They're gonna start out They'll sports we're that two of this melon bitch. She don't belong in it. Who? Terry Ross. Oh, she knows nothing about she wouldn't know a sport if they shoved it down or push But anyway, so I was gonna say before we got a lot look they go over two minutes on a morning show Okay, what are you getting nervous about the longer before we go into the news the longer before we come back Look at it that way, okay, so like I said number one Steve young number two drew blood so soon to be number one And then he boy he's number three. Okay, you're the guy. Yeah, but he couldn't touch there Yeah, like hell we do 610 W I O D my enemy for the rest of the day News talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D Powerful and dangerous I Good morning at 11 o'clock. This is Jennifer Ram news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O 87 degrees right now next news update 12 are you really upset about that dead can't we're here Jackson said once I really upset about a frozen can't a freezer way news talk radio 610 Jennifer W you are really upset were you didn't call the SP dot DC. I Louise Miguel play baby Big Come on I O D presents the Neal Rogers show to talk with Neil call 75 one W I O D from day 524 W I O D from Broward outside the 305 area code is toll free 1 89944 W I O D and AT and team wireless customers can call pound I O D had no charge now The Neal Rogers show a news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D after 21 years at 16 albums the grand daddy is a punk rock Our trading and their leather coats for flannel pajamas It's rock and roll nursing home But farewell CD from the legendary speed metal quartet that made punk almost famous It'll real jam 16 in my room hurry hurry hurry before I'm in the bedroom You'll also hear great songs like it's hip to have a replacement hit making stare and they're soon to be classic I was so happy you're good for me Rock and roll nursing home the guitar killed in good vibe from the pioneers of punk it rocks so hard It'll make you have to sit Rock and roll nursing home on polydent record In a Bob deal on sure looking good isn't he forgot it's 125 years old man all man how long and then jury Lee Lewis I wish somebody would yell up hey Jerry how's you young wife doing? He kills me that jury Lee Lewis So anyway, we have an open line in date 75 one ballroom blitz rhymes with it gives me the Fits Was the song that Aaron Summers picked the greatest rock and roll song of all time ballroom blitz Leave it to hurt a pick something with a word ball in it See that's that's what that's all about you notice how she subliminally everything She does she turns into a sexual thing here's somebody who knows the word side was got the paper I guess What a piece of crap that is I Rick Shaw yes rock around the clock see Rick Shaw would pick something corny like that See we're not we're not asking for the oldest rock and roll hit we're asking for the best song anybody They would pick rock around the clock as the best rock song of all time would have to have like a dust on his cap And you got Bobby Mitchell angry young man by your favorite Billy Joel oh Sunny Fox That was for Billy Joel not you Sonny not yet That's the hop Well, I mean at least that's something you can say sort of it. Yeah, you can consider a Kimba Lord of the thighs Which I don't think I don't know if you ever saw that bitch if you ever saw she she's got thighs on her mind her own big thighs Mark Taylor midday host at level 94 sweet Melissa the almond brothers band. Oh, yeah, right Rock run signature on jail house rock I mean if you're gonna pick an Elvis Presley song wouldn't you think of like many others? I think a good one He I don't think they were asking people for their favorite song where they doesn't the thing say they're asking for the best rock Yeah, I'm about to ask rock and roll yeah, jail house rock and then Paul cash in all of this figure. Oh, this ought to be good Yeah, free bird Leonard Skinner Oh Condor is terminal song if you if you were to pick a Leonard Skinner song wouldn't you pick sweet homelo Bama if you were gonna be one of those red next Yeah, or something for the market maybe we can get sunny back in a wrestling again free bird. Yeah, yeah Oh, chill the hip man. I remember was something really innocuous and pin to the night by Benny Barton. Oh, yeah Benny Barton is the greatest rock song of all time. Oh my god, oh Now Robert Murphy WRM end of the innocence by Don Henley that's a good song We're certainly not the best. Thank you, Sonny go get a job Cliff done don't fear the repeat. Yeah, no, wait, but this is really interesting What does it say here's the guy that just got candid the light bulb and it says cliff done WPBR Palm Beach afternoon host And what's the song? Don't fear the Reaper bluister cult. Oh, yeah, there you go. Linda energy Yeah, yeah, the page Bob Seagher good to him. Yeah, but get serious Paul Valardi Zeta muffin man Frank's apple Oh geez, I almost just stroked on my dick. You're snap a layer yeah C'mon Collins like the way I do Melissa S. Ritch Oh Mindy laying jailhouse rock. Yeah, Dave summers big one oh six. Oh my god December 1963. Oh what a night. Oh What a die. Yeah. That's about my favorites Do go steen. I want you. I need you. I love you Elvis Presley Not a good song. Now one of the go I don't get it. I just don't understand it and less less the less Howard W E 18 runaway by Dell Shannon. Yeah, that could that you know It's one of those you could consider Definitely not the right one though Greg Budeau Mad moon rising. Yeah, we want leave it to be dealt a pick first of all song with that name because it's like right over his head like a Albatross around your neck and the CCR. I go on Greg your consistent baby your loser and Johnny Darks satisfaction Yeah J Michael something in the air thunder clap Newman now we're talking I always do J Michael said good taste Too many never played any of it on the ear. There's a Sunson. I'll set thunder clap Newman Error with her said yeah, that's right Eric Brandon Twisting show By the eyes Lee brothers The Beatles. Oh no, wait a minute. He's picking twist and shot by the Beatles. I could see twist and shot the original one by the Izzly brothers which the Beatles covered. I mean, but pick twist and shot by the Beatles is the best rock song Eric Brandon should be shot Let's line all these DJs up. Shoot him in the lay. All right Can held host of magic do pop shop. Yeah, great hotel Elvis Ron Brewer Brunch brought brown sugar the rolling stone. Yeah, that's possible And last but certainly least Ron hersey She's a woman the Beatles put him on a hersey highway baby. So some good Some good selection some marginal something couple of ones in a bunch of really bad ones I would say ballroom blitz proud as red and bottom of her heard ballroom blitz maybe they can sing it to us, okay? Couple of quick points. Yeah, for very Ferguson. Thank you for your No life Thanks for swimming up everybody's parking You know she has nothing to do except just cause crap right reading the Sun Sentinel about the Cames game, which I loved as much as you oh Man, I love it they lost 31 to eight Yeah, Randall, metal right. It's the first time that came to been shot out since 1977 I was in where that eight points constituted the shoot out oh yeah and as shoot out shut out Anything less than 60's a shutout last thing I like to say is where's the old part that we've been hearing for years saying All right, I've heard him all year he probably croaked He was telling me how about my angels oh, sorry 16 W I O D burning up phone lines all over South Florida Neil Rogers the rocket real animal Oh She's She's no ladies, she's a die Oh my, try not to romance a but she just said no Oh my, she said she'd rather strap on her dildo Oh my, try not to romance a but she's my dream Well, try not to just say no She's a found after she's less She's more than she's a die Oh my, try not to marry a but she won't never give you Cause I'm theMPKrend on this day We'll wanna die! We'll wanna die! We'll wanna die! 117-18-W-I-D, what's in the name? Remember they had the I like, Ike, bumper stickers? You don't remember that, but you certainly have heard about that. You've seen people that got those things around, right? What if Nixon would have had the same thing? I like Dick? Probably would never have got elected. The last time. Here's my, me, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pretty good. I don't think you're doing pretty good working on Labor Day. I'm doing great. Yeah? That's because I'm going on vacation in a couple of days for a 10-day, so I'm doing really great. Is that starting next Monday? No, it's starting a lot sooner than that, in a couple of days. Also, you're gonna be off next Monday. Yeah? On a wonder. No wonder what? It's right after the Patriots beat the crap out of the Dolphins? No, man, look, this week we scored 42 points. Next week. No, you scored 52 points. No, you scored 52 points. Right. 52, you said 42. Yeah. Now the temperature might be 100-2. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah, that would be great. Yeah. Well, how come they held a feeling? How come they held a Browns do a 14 points yesterday? What, what, what, what office are your Browns have? Huh? The Browns are not the Dawkins. That's for damn shit. They don't have a high power. And you know what? Offends by the way. And you know what? The Jets are not the Browns. Uh, well, you just face it though. We have a better team. Well, yes, well, the one. Yes, what? I guess we'll find out one way. Yeah. Because I'm a loud talk. I've been hearing this talk for actually since 1985. 10 years now, I've been hearing the same trash talk every year. Yeah, but if I decide you know this year, we have the team. Okay, good luck to P mallet. Hey, it's obvious that you're going out vacation. Yeah, it's obvious that you'll be in our vacation. Yeah, it's obvious that you've avoid being here for the game. We're okay P mall. Yeah. You always look at a football schedule. You don't know how far we need to advance. I got a draw full of plain tickets man in my house for the next seven, eight months. And that's no lie, baby. plan way ahead. And it's a matter of fact, if I would have thought about that, I probably would want to be here to see it, but guess what, I'll be somewhere where you won't be able to see it. It did a bad break. Because what would you rather do beyond vacation someplace have a great time or see another guy damn football game? That guy that called from Palm Beach before was absolutely right. Life is more than a football game. Okay. I mean, I enjoy football. I watched my share, but life is more than just sitting on your ass, watching a dumb football game. Okay, pali. Life is like getting on a goddamn raft and early drowning. That's what life's all about, Julio, get with a program. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. I got a fat hand coldberg spary port. Yeah. On his 15 minutes of fame yesterday, picking his nose on the SPN. Yeah, with those memorable picks. Yeah, they were real memorable. All for three yesterday with a push. With a push. With a push. Yeah. He's clueless. He is. He's consistent, though. And he's the big talent on QAM. There you go. That's why they got a one share. Open line in date, 751. How come I'm choking on this lunch? It's by the way from our friend at Stan State Gilly. And Sunny is our new delivery board. Oh, poor Sunny. Sunny from the market. Not to be confused. How come we're not getting those spary ports on Sunny Hirsch? I understand INZ had some grotesque technical problems the other night. And it wasn't bad enough for Sunny to take that shell acting there. 31 to 8. It wasn't bad enough that Mark Furman referred to our team as the Huracoons. That wasn't bad enough. But adding insult to injury was the fact that INZ has got the worst technical staff that they were clueless and they kept cutting out and you could hear her. Every time they thought they were. I watched that goddamn echo in my ear. Get that out. Oh, sorry. Well, first it says that's why I left. It was great. So, you know, things are changing. The old warmest turn and man. The old warmest turning. It's not important that your team wins. It's more important that the team's UD test lose. Like the Buffalo Bills, like Notre Dame, especially. And like those Huracans. 610 WIOD. Learning to be humble. But not making much progress. It happens every year around Labor Day. I don't want it to go. I need a bad American saying goodbye to Summer. If it can hurt because we don't realize the dependency we have on it. I want my Weedy come to help me. That's where we come in. We're the Labor Day Support Line. The place to call when Summer Separation is too much. I can't face the cold. Oh, you can. You've got everything to live for. No, no, there's nothing. There's Halloween. I can't do candy. Thanksgiving. Well, what about Chris who's come on sing with me. Jingle bells. Jingle bells. Jingle bells. Jingle bells. The Labor Day Support Line can help you too. If you're afraid of losing your summer and becoming the Kevin Bounce Slug, you turn into every winner. Call 1-800-SUMmers-GON. But don't call now. We're going away. Till next summer. Oh, poor baby. 1125 in WOD. Another one of these holidays has become meaningless except for a day off for a lot of people. And I saw a chance to go out. Good drunk. You know, 2-3 doesn't beers. And that's what America's all about. What's wrong with that? Haven't some nice sales in the malls. Everybody get a chance to go out shopping all day. Go out there, kill some people in the water. Oh, they had a thing. Was it on CBS? Where? Where did I see that this morning? About these hovercraft? About these punk steas, kids in your like individual. Oh, my God. In fact, they even showed one of the things where, my amateur film or some asshole got wiped out. And then there was this other poor guy they showed ago was done or snorkeling and he came up just as the guy came zooming by. It was an ugly thing you didn't want to see it. But hey, we don't want to have no restrictions on that on a personal pleasure craft. I mean, go out there and have a good time and kill a few people, okay? Because you never know some of them might be rafters. They're expecting to get killed anyway. Here's a Palm Beach garden, silo. Hi, Neil, happy to Labor Day. And back to you, whatever that means. Exactly. Listen, just to change the subject, just the second. I belong to an adult film video club. And every month they send an interview with, you know, one of the starlets. Yeah. And I think you would enjoy this apparently after she's done filming a couple of movies. She goes out and dances, you know, description. And the question was, do you ever have that experiencing dancing? And she says, yeah, I didn't like dancing in Canada. The managers of the clubs, I went to weren't very nice and treated me less than a cow. And it's not customary in Canada to tip the dancers. They don't tip. I'll about that. I just wanted to just say that you're exactly correct. Okay, pal. Okay, buddy. See you. Bye. Open line of Broward. Five, two, four. We have, did I mention good morning to Omar? I didn't say that. Did I? Omar, this kid who was a listener of ours. And I'm on a plane yesterday coming back. Yesterday afternoon. And here, these two guys get on a plane. And he says, hey, I know you and I said, yeah, I said, sit on my lap. He said, okay, it was Omar. I signed his little thing there. What do you autographs? And he was a good guy. Just shave a little bit. Omar, okay next time, shave a little bit. And we'll go back. You and me. So anyway, here's, you're going to be chronicle out there and protect somebody. I'm off today. Save the cop Jesus. Yeah, you're always tough. The radius cracks on the ball time. Loast pork if I heal boys. What do you think of that? Maybe you don't think of it. I think you're tastes sucks. Thank you. Did you watch the old game last night? What's game? Because it's not on the ball. The ball is game? No, the dolphin game. No, I wasn't here. All right. Midway through the third quarter. You know how to have news bulletins that flash along the bottom of the screen. The quality of it. Well, this is just to taste what's going to come. They start saying bulletins about Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands going to get pounded by a massive hurricane, etc. A lot of ways. By Luis. Now this is something. Puerto Ricans pounded by Luis and they got a big smile on her face. Yeah. Well, this is a game for what's going to happen with our home town news stations. You know, pumping up all the excitement. In the middle of a football game, something that is nothing to do with the state of Florida at all at the very least a week away. And they're pounding people. You're a party, Poper Dave. What's ball on her fun man? Yeah, but then it makes no sense because the people really were interested in knowing about the hurricane. What are they going to do? They're going to turn off Channel 4. Now turn on to one of the other news. They're going to turn on the guy named Weather Channel if they have a brain which I'm watching right now. So matter of fact, there's not a drop of rain inside. It's beautiful. It's perfect. It's perfect. The circle be up. And that's not all. It's the hurricane, it's right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Luis is up. That means so a lot of the rest of us too. Well, thank you. Yeah. Okay. See you. Hey, dude. It was a long song. Not a great song. It was just long. It's the only record that faded out for like three and a half minutes. Fainted out for three and a half. Most records, you know, that get to like the last 23 seconds they fade. You know, that's it. But not hey, dude. It just went on and on. But it was a classic because it was the Beatles, baby. That's why it was on Apple Records, which made the sueds re-elected. They didn't like the Beatles on Capitol Lab much. That was for punk kids. That was bubble gum. But once they got their own label, once they got an Apple Records, then everything they did was a work of art, a work of genius. A lot of it was crap. I did like the white album. There was some pretty good stuff on there, you know. But not of that'll ever be nominated for Best Rock song of all time because hey, what can I tell you? Although we can't play that Rocky Rack Cullin because we're playing too much of that, uh, right? Huh? Too much of that Rocky music. Here's a Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I'm one of the guys that dropped off the bubble machine Friday. Anyway, uh, dropped off one. There are files. Yeah. What, well, why are you calling a bubble machine? Do you remember he wrote that on the file and started it wrong? Oh, yeah. Did you see that on the end one? Not really. I haven't read it yet. Let me tell you. Really quick about it. Although, you know, something I went out this before I went away for the weekend, right? Right to the bookstore. Uh-huh. And I bought about a half of it doesn't UFO books. Which one? Book stop? Yeah. Are you going to want to appear at the plantation? In the saw, right? Right, right, right. Anyway, uh, I had to distinct pleasure, unfortunately, being at the game yesterday. Everybody's talking about how great it was. Did anybody call you about the invocation in the beginning? No. You're not going to believe this. They brought out, uh, Reverend whoever, for the, to the field. And he gave, like, this blessing or something to the dolphins, and that everybody would be okay. And at the end, of course, everybody's just listening and telling me that. And let the dolphins grow to the soup above the freaking place went crazy. Oh, I was dying over there. Incredible. Anyway, you're not talking about the way I'm talking about the way I'm talking about. I'm probably. Yeah. Now they're praying for the dolphins to go to the Super Bowl. That's how desperate they are. See, when you show that you're desperate, that's a bad sign. It's one thing to be confident. It's another thing to be desperate. Anybody out there know what it means to be desperate. Two open lines in day, seven, five, one. We have one on a purple line, pound IOD. We'll be watching a young and a horny, I guess, come 12, 30 because Goddamn channel 4. It's got that MDA telephone. I hope they raise a lot of money. It's a good cause that I want to sound like a communist. But get the damn soaps on there for crying out loud. Every time it's a holiday and people are captive audience, they put a bunch of crap on it. They put telephones on to try to squeeze money out of your pocket. I don't like being squeezed. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes. I knew. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Good. The convention. They got a home show. Yeah. And I think it's a very good idea to do the events. Yeah. And also, did you hear about the Germanage? What do you do pay to make it a little plug on the air or something? No, he did. Yeah, yeah, he did. No, he did. How much he gave you? Nothing. 50. How blonde? No. I was walking by, so I'm there. Because I had to get some cameras done. I saw a Germanage. He said the docks of plug and girls team. Did he? Yeah, it's what they said on the on the show last night about it. He said they were playing a girls team. Yeah, it should they weren't playing a team. Where did he get that line? I have no idea. Yeah. I'll just the god. Okay. Thanks for the good news. At least he's getting honest now that managed. All right. They're playing a girls team. That's right. Mad dog. They were playing a little league. Not even a good girls team. The worst of the worst. All right. I'm not trying to take away. I mean, detract. They scored 52 points. They looked really sharp. They got their act together. They played a hell of a game. But again, they were playing against the worst team. The worst team in the league. The worst team in the league. Worst in Houston. Worst in Jacksonville. Worst in Carolina. Worst in Atlanta. Worst in anybody. The worst of the worst. And how about Tampa Bay? Oh, my god. What the was that all about? What the kind of drugs are those guys doing? Two open lines in day. Seven five one. Now that I see that the radar there's there's not a cloud. There's not even a pigeon dropping in the sky. It's beautiful. It's perfect. So come on. Let's go. Greatest rock song of all time. Let's take a poll today, alright. Let's take a poll all right. All done at the end of the show. We'll throw it in a waste basket. I got you, Daniel. There you go. Let's pretend we're taking a poll like she does every night for four hours. Wouldn't you think like a couple of hours of that cramp would have been long enough. Four hours of saying penis and 69 or whatever. She I mean enough already with that show. Jesus. Here's candle. Hello. Oh, Neil. Yes sir. I surprised no one talking about the fight yesterday in the stand. Oh really. was wonder probably better net Tyson. I was up in the end, so I was in 400 sections somewhere. And it was unbelievable to see the copper on back and for taking away dead fans. It was wonderful. No. They went one after the other. So in other words, you're telling me the dolphin fans were all very well behaved as I would. Your time may come on. Maybe someone will call later until there was some real fat red net guy to black games with no shirt bleeding in the entrance section 402. I walked over and this half hour before the game started. And the police came and took them away. I had never found out what happened to that man and why he was laying there. And if a new third quarter was a big fight, he was a top. It's two dolphin guys, you up on the jet guy. Yeah. Pretty well, not to me, to the the us their way. Right. And the cops came up there and all the dolphin guys pointed to the jet to jet guys. Didn't do anything. They were just trying to leave early and they got ejected. Oh, you're a nice guy thought it was. I'll tell you one thing. Next season one of jets come here. There's one. One thing to take care of those jets fans. One way to do it. Shoot them in the lane. Exactly. I got to pay two bad. I got another place for you. Yeah. All right. Yeah. Okay, Pat. Have a good. Open line and date. How come we got that feedback and I call what those go it on here? Well, we want it. We asked for some feedback and we got some. Open line and date 751. Purple line said it. Oh, you're in your car right now. Okay. You're grasping. You're groping. You're reaching forward in a phone too. The AT&T wireless line. That's the worst name. But we do like them a lot. But they're named closed. Don't forget, Dolphin linebacker Chris Singleton will be on with the Defotonite and managed in sports talk. They'll be over at Flanagan's in North Miami. North East Edward 25th just west of Dixie Highway. And they'll be having a great time over there. And to be high five in and low five in and grab a little ass managed where you can be sure that probably defose and it'll be great. Then of course next Monday they may not be quite as happy. Yeah, but you're going out of town. You're going out of a case and right, I plan to just so I wouldn't have to be here and hear the abuse. Here's the lady in Oakland Park. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, there she is. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Good. I'm a first time caller. Great. Don't you get sick of that? No. No? Yeah, no. I'm sick of that. Sometimes we're too cold. Anyway, I want to. We're a time caller long time listener. I have a really famous request for you. Yeah. I want to hear the asshole song. I've been telling my friend all about it. And you just won't play for me anymore. Which one? We have because it's too loud. It's on just a regular joke. Doing that tennis lyrics song. Yeah. Talk on that didn't get the greatest rock song of all time. The greatest rock song of a haul time is comfortably numbed by Pink Floyd. You know, I just put that asshole thing up there to play it for you. And now you're not. And now, well, I'm going to play it, but I'm doing it with great reservation. So take a number. Have a great day. You too, my life. Oh, my God. Pink Floyd. Oh. I'd rather hear Pink Floyd cramer. We got that. Let's play that instead of asshole. 113 can't say asshole on a radio though because there might be a lot of kids out of school. And they never heard that word. 16 WIOD. Dad, are we there yet? How could can't keep his packer in his pants? This is for the people at the CVS. They've got stupid tennis on instead of the I'm an oriented people on channel 4 when you're done. Tuddle thud, folks. I'd like to see a song about it. About me. And it's very low as no. Oh, no. I'm not on the front chest. About that special feeling we get in that hot spot. And it McBand. But not us. Maybe in the subcont area. Maybe in the liver. Maybe in the jibis. Maybe even in the clothing. We don't hear it. Well, I'm just too great to enjoy with a regular job. I'm your average white. I'm suburban. I'm slow. I like football. And cornering. What's about to? I got an average house. Where the nice start would fall. My wife and my job. My kids and my car. I'll feed on my savings. And a cute, easy goal. But sometimes it's just kind of tough to keep a man like me. Oh, no, no way. I know I've gotta go out and have fun. It's someone else's experience. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I try really slow. And the old professor, well, people behind me are going insane. I'm gonna throw you, you'll be a little you'll be a little you'll. I'm gonna throw you, you'll be a little you'll. I use public toilets. And I saw them sink. I walk around in the summer times. And I'm about to sleep. I'm gonna throw you, you'll be a little you'll be a little you'll. I'm gonna throw you, you'll be a little you'll. And sometimes I'm in the handy gap spaces. Well, handy gaps people. Make handy gaps of spaces. I'm gonna throw you, you'll be a little you'll. I'm gonna throw you, you'll be a little you'll. Maybe I should be singing this song. Ranting and raving and caring. Maybe they're right for they tell me I'm wrong. Now I'm gonna throw you, you'll, you'll, you'll. Come on, let's go. You know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna get myself a 1967 panel at Yoda Rotterdam, murderable. I think with a whale's in a hop-a-can. And all other cow in the area and make brown babies realize red headlines. Yeah. But I'm gonna climb brown in that baby. It's at 150 miles per hour. Just getting one mile per gallon. It's like a now 400 feet per to McDonald's. The old fast is not quite a greatable styrofoam containers. And when I'm done sucking down those greaseball burgers, I'm gonna wipe my mouth with the American flag. And then I'm gonna toss the styrofoam containers right off the side. And then I'm gonna catch them, sing anybody can do a button. You know why? Because we got to Bob that's why, jewel words, nuclear and weapons. So, guys, Russia, Germany, Romania, they can have all the democracy they want. They can have a big democracy and take walk-right to the middle. It's the end of its square. And it won't make a lick of difference because we got to Bob. So, guys, John Wayne's not dancing. He's frozen. And as soon as we find a cure for cancer, we're gonna throw out the juice. And he's gonna be pretty pissed off. You know why? Have to over take it a cold shower. The month of why that's by 15 million times. That's how pissed off the juice can be. I'm gonna get a doof, and John says the ladies, and we're gonna make a stand-tuck and go. And a cheese or a wick. And try to do a next thing. You don't really earn that. Oh, that's just a shut up thing that's so unfaithful. Come on, Ed. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Come on, Ed. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Yes, yes. Yes. Oh. L.E. Everybody. Go. Yes, yes. Praise home, Alvin. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Go. Now, an asshole. Get out of the house. Get out of the house. Why did he throw the kiss? In other words, he was upset? No, the cake here and a dead can here. They got a birthday cake for Phil Henry. See, I thought this was all a joke. I saw the dead pussy when they brought it in in the racked up. And it wasn't unrapped. In other words, it was still wrapped in that thing with the tail hanging out. It was a tail and you can see a paw. Yeah, tail and a paw. Well, that's the best part. Isn't it? George said the tail is the best part. So anyway, and they put it right next to the cake. And he got so upset. He threw the cake out. I don't know. Was that because he lost his appetite or because, well, let me ask you a question. Why would there be anything? I mean, it cats been dead for a long time, right? It's been in the freezer, right? Yeah, that's true. Now, would you assume that there was like any bacteria on a dead animal at that point? I mean, it wasn't out in the sun rotting where they were like, uh, you don't understand? I don't know how long it was out in the sun, yeah. But it doesn't make any difference. I mean, it's been in the it's been on ice for days. Would the days, I don't know. Yeah, a couple of days. I can tell. And the dead cat in the thing in the bag was going to contaminate his cake. I think Phil is getting a little bit, uh, hysterical if he asked me.