Yeah, I just called it live 105 KITS. Yeah, and he went on the diet drive against you The guy was comparing you to Hitler It was on provoked based on what he said that he upstairs did you when you felt threatened and that's why you kicked him off the air I kicked him off the air. He walked out of here. Nobody kicked him off the air. He walked out. It's got up and walked out They were a little of a show. I got the number. I think you're calling now. No, I'm not gonna call him We got a show go on here. I don't get nobody here cares about Alex Bennett. Oh, yeah Okay, I mean, no, but what would provoke that like five years later six years later? What is analog about that? That's it that was a second childhood now or what he goes I was five years ago three months and they still they worship me there. I'm like what is he talking about? He was a bomb here even a Japanese never saw a bomb that big Give my big kiss for me pal. Okay. Okay. I'm out of material. See ya Oh my god. What a maniac am I gonna call up Alex Bennett to get into a peeing contest with him get out of here talk about a man with the Oh Open line and Broward 524946352 or maybe we could hear him sing you're nobody till somebody Yeah, nice act Alex take it back where you came. Oh, he did here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi I knew hi listen. I'm gonna make this brief been sitting on the phone for a while Well, listen, that's a good way to start hemorrhage Indeed listen. I just wanted to ask you I know you don't like to do it very often, but I would like to do it a lot So I but you know Things that they are Anyway, I would like to Ask you if you could play something as a dedication to all these grimly To self Delusional cretons Who evidently believe that there's anything but the power of money at issue here in this trial and What I you said it so many times today. I think it's appropriate could you play? I'm an asshole How did I know it look where I have the computer George? Look where I had that how did I know that's what she was gonna be asking for I already hit it Dial up in there. I'm so sick of it. Yeah, please. Thank you, but you follow what I'm saying How is this gonna change any our lives? It's not you know, it's not at all all these people are basically admitting that they got sucked in by the media and that They're immersed in this and at somehow they've been convinced that this is some significant event which it is not and It's and the reaction what what you were saying about the reaction I was a Paul. I was I was Going about my daily business and of course the whole world stopped and it stopped in the middle of a meeting that this group of mine had and They moved a TV in there and when when the verdict was announced my God people were cheering in there as if they were Spectators at the Roman Colosseum and their gladiator had delivered the final blow. Yeah, you know It's ridiculous and then on the other side, you know I was driving home the other day and I heard this woman I mean I'll be it she was very very well spoken, but my God when she said she cried for six hours give me a way She cried for six hours because it's over now and she's gotten all life have a great day See a open line of day seven five well we don't have time for the whole thing just a little taste All these old J I have the life people after I'm sorry I'd like to say a song About me About About the way our American hearts be laid down in the bottom of our chest, but be About that special feeling we get in the hot cause of our house In the bowl of the past maybe in the subcopter where you live Maybe in the liver Maybe in the kidneys We've done with it without the cold We don't need Yeah I'm just too red you are joking With a regular job I'll be a average wife Superb and I smile I like football and cornering What's about good I got an average house Where the nice yard would have floor My wife and my job My kids and my car Off feed on my savings And a cute little thing to go But sometimes anxious Clean and up to keep a man like me Just to go No no wait I know I've gotta go out and have fun It's someone else's experience Whoa yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah I try really slow In the old professional games Well people behind me We are going to the same I'm gonna throw you You're gonna throw you I'm gonna throw you You're gonna throw you I am public toilet And I Someday I walk around in the summer times And I'm about to sleep I'm gonna throw you I'm gonna throw you I'm gonna throw you I'm gonna throw you Sometimes I'm in the hand In the hand we get spaces Well and we get people To make hand we get spaces I'm gonna throw you I'm gonna throw you I'm gonna throw you So I think they got the message I was just watching there on CNN And they're promoting tonight We got Robert Cardashon's going to be on Lary King Live And tomorrow night on the weekend Lary King Live Because the man's on seven nights a week Cause he ain't got enough money yet And those suspenders are real expensive Tomorrow night, Gilgarse City Gilgarse every night We got another OJ guide Larry King Show I see it's gonna be I'm sorry I'm gonna be watching At least in the backwards baby Moles and hockey diving Canada on CBC Sweet at Gilgarse City Watch you by Moles and X4 Silent ecoces Is it all? My all of Canada Where quality is job one It's working By Imperial Oil and Desso Associates Proud to be one of the leading sponsors of Utah Key in Canada And by Hepsie Gotta have it Public tractor man 610 W I O D So we're reverend So what? damn right We're getting ready for the Pakistan's so hot hemos the lead. The Black Cross were covering on a very quickly. He got it back out in the lead to Rick's over the line. Rift to shot. Built it away by Potsman. The Black Cross are on the rebound. It's kept in the line by Wymerich. He's ready. He's really surprised from the Potsman. It's coming up and get it out. It is the only. He's going to get a goal. He's trying to stick handle back into the swan. A way of pushing Wymerich. He's not a poor check-in but he'll hold behind the net. Push it out. He's got to the line. He's got to the line. He's got to the line. He's got to the line. He's got to the line. He's got to the line. All right. Now we're talking. Okay. Forget about OGL. Ready? When you're, let's get this out of our system. You watch on Monday. You'll see how much patience I have for this crap. Okay. This is your last chance today when and out get it out of your system. Just give a big blow it out and that's it. Evan, sure. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, feel how are you today? I'm great. Okay. I want to tell you first of all. I don't know. I'm a 39 year old black male. Yes, sir. And I'm a college student kid at Dumbman. And that means that I, like everybody else went to school. Pave my dues. Right. Okay. I want to say to you that I've enjoyed your show over the years. Yeah. But I want to explain something to you regarding where most of the people of color, my people came from with this celebration type thing that everybody's talking about. Okay. I've been asking for that for a couple of days. I'm going to tell you straight. Okay. First of all, I want to tell you that we only have in this market one. I think that's the one that's been going to be a black station. I think this WDR, who's familiar with. What about how 105 last time I checked it's really helpful? I have a lot of listeners too. But for the most part, how many files are one of the top four five stations? Absolutely. I want to commend those jobs over there that, much of this program, when they had the announcement of the verdict. When the people were calling in, they were extremely ecstatic about his acquittal. The program manager and director added on the DJ told the people there that it was nothing to really be jubilant about. Okay. And that was a word. It wasn't that they were feeding out the frenzy for everybody to jump up and have a great time and start cheering this guy on. Yeah. Because we really felt, and I know most of the people that feel where I do, that this was a sort of bittersweet victory. So to speak. We really don't know. Well, the whole world these people are cheering about. It wasn't just a mind thing. I don't know what I'm talking about. I'll tell you exactly where it comes from. You know, and we, I hate to say this because a lot of people think that when we say this, we're, we're comping out. But there's a thing called a blank experience. And only blank people have experienced that. And I think you'll agree. If you have always met with disappointment and dismay and the criminal justice system, which for the most part has been just that for us. Here was an opportunity for people. They came from a community that was just everyday people. They were nobody in particular. You'd have found out that a lot of the people in Nigeria were mixed back. They came from places like one of these if you came from Crenshaw. That's not a luxury area. That's not where we're old people. Right. Right. Okay. These people had an opportunity to really voice an opinion through the fact that they were registered voters that really made a major, major change or difference in some event. And I think because they had that in common. There's nothing extraordinary about blacks being on juries when our black people on juries are being a day. There were no juries that were on juries. There were people of color black people in particular. That is relatively unusual. I think you'll admit that for the most part, most highly proof of our cases have not had that. When Ronnie King was beaten to a pulp and we all saw it on video. Yeah, but we went through that Ronnie King thing. And they were not in the same way. That was the mean reason why everybody was June. I do not know if OJ Simpson is innocent or guilty of committing that crime. I do know this. I do know he is definitely, definitely guilty of beating his wife. Yeah. And that is not the way people make in a hero atom. Well, I think what happens is, again, like I said before, I think there's not making a hero atom. I think that most people didn't want to believe he was guilty in the ill because he was a public figure. There was a hero to begin with. It is very difficult to take that feeling that you had that strong emotion. And just totally erased that from your mind. Is this it never existed? So in other words, some other is if Michael Jackson is sleeping with little boys and if OJ killed two innocent people in cold blood. Because they're superstars, it's very difficult for us to accept that. Is that what you're saying? I mean, that's not what I'm saying at all. That's lunacy. I'm saying that most people have been fed this type of data. This information to them every day over the airway. Of course, that's the whole thing with this hero. That's where you will crack that. That's right. The programs to do that. I mean, you know, you might be the head of history of abuse. And the thing, you can't look the other way. And I know that. Well, you know, something when David Berker, which was on trial and I realize I don't think that he himself practices the religion. But I mean, his parents were Jewish. I didn't see Jewish people who've been oppressed for years and years far longer than blacks in America. By the way, thousands of years before there was any America, I didn't see any groups of Jewish people gathering around and saying, Oh, my God, this is a grotesque injustice because David Berker, which is, you know, been convicted to be the son of Sam and killing all those people in New York, I didn't see any Jewish backlash against it. Well, I don't think that was the same time. I didn't see that gay. I don't think that gay. So our far more oppressed in America today than black people. I didn't see them when John Wayne Gacy was convicted and sent to the electric chair in Chicago of murdering all those kids. Or when Jeffrey Domer was convicted of killing all those people, I didn't see any gay groups getting together and saying, This is outrageous and we've been discriminated against it and get a fair trial. Now those people in the ill had the notoriety that O.J. Session had and it's being a public figure for somebody years doing what we would call major accomplishments. The highest majority when a great athlete, a superstar. So what does that have to do with the other religion? We Gacy want to do one of the highest majority in college that would have been made at OK. Well, I think it was OK. I'm not saying what I am saying. What I am saying to you is that it's hard for people to turn their back on their emotions when it comes to a predisposed emotion. And that's what it is, people of program. I tell you, I feel very bad about what happened and my heart goes out to the people that were murdered as well. I think that the exploitation from this trial was absolutely ridiculous. It should never have been taken by those characters. It would have been taken by those characters. It would have been taken by those characters. Every single person who came near this trial made a bundle. Right. That's right. All this trial was about race. It was about money. It was not about race. But the thing is, who commercialized this trial? I tell you one thing. You know, a lot of people say that Johnny Clark and played the race card. But I can recall back when O.J. Session was first arrested and time magazine published his picture. And darkened the picture, which a lot of people objected to me. I personally objected to that. Well, what do you think the purpose of that? Well, you think that that, and then, actually, you think time magazine is the racist magazine? No, I think the purpose of it was that that was a subtle racial overtone. I think it was done that way and that man and it was a apology that was given from time magazine openly for doing what they do. I don't think it was a conscious thing. I think that was just, I just, I just tell you. I mean, you can start looking for all kinds of stuff everywhere. You know, if you want to come to this, this is true. But I can tell you this. I think that this whole thing has just been based upon the fact that you have the people sitting in this jury for so long. They were there for nine months. That's a very long time. Yeah. At a great, great portion of the prosecution's case. No, I don't want to argue the case. I don't want to argue that part of it. That was our DNA. The DNA evidence. I don't want to discuss that. It's a mood point. It's already this. But my point is that how can people come to a fair conclusion that they don't even understand this? So, all they had to rely upon. And all I think of the BIPRIL I upon was their emotion. I think believe me, I want to see this guy. I've put a lot of stuff. I said, let's get the dummies off the jury's and get professional accuracy. I'm curious. But getting emotional out of justice, there's no room for emotion. I'm just listening. But then, I got to watch. It's got change in the ill. Yeah. If, first of all, my people began to understand the importance of voting, registering to vote, become an active member of this system, which is the only system that we have. Yeah. I'm not. This is the deal. I got to go. We're handling out. Okay. All right? Appreciate it. 16 WIOD. So offensive. We offend ourselves. 129 WOD. Everybody here loves Phil Henry including me. But the quits low and down our lunch order. When you're Phil, go get your own God damn lunch. We have two open lines here on a green lines. 1-800-944-9463-184-4-WI. Oh, D. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami is gone. Okay. Like I said, no put line in date. 751 here's the Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes. Hi, Alio. Listen. I just connect with my friend, my friend, my friend. I'm going to talk about it. Okay. I really wanted to say that everybody is knocking down. O.J. Money. And money. You can money. Don't money. That's why I got you saying he earned it. Don't worry, say it about the repercussions. Have the same amount of money. They all J.H. because they say pay for condescending. So you go to the dining. You're at the dining. And I would at the dining. If I had the money. Besides, nobody said the money. He has spent. And the Brown family. To pour in the business. To buy the house and money. To pay house. They're going to leave now. Nobody says about it. Yeah. Okay. Now they worry about it because she has been by. Listen to me. Any woman they're not. To be the lady. Not a half the first time. Yeah. Go back to him. Happy birthday. We are. And I hate to break the news. Do you know. So in other words, you're saying she deserved it. Is that what you're saying? No. She had a com. They had a nice big house. They got a pretty good franchise for Danny. They're out there. Okay. I want to talk to you lady. We have an open line of Broward 524. I mean, you're just hysterical. Okay. You're shooting off a big mouth. So like you said, dummy up in Zip your lip and get out of my face. And Nick's getting really pissed off on a young and a hung ear. It's not going to look at that. They keep ripping his clothes off here. There's that mat in his boyfriend there. I think they're a couple. I think they're going to will open. There's nothing about me. Just a few. Come on, man. That's brilliant. Okay. That's really smart. Get your ass out of there. See this is just so stupid. They do these things to infuriate you because there's nobody who's really that stupid, especially if he wants to stay out of jail and keep getting some of that good stuff that he was getting. That's a good idea. And he let's now that we head away at all this time for a thrill. Let's get our lunch out there and start eating and stop listening to these hysterical people with their OJ droppings. Here's a medley on a purple line. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay. Listen. Most of the day and morning in part of this afternoon. A lot of people have been just giving out their own opinions. I don't think anybody has given one thought about those two people that are dead. Yeah. I think everybody is called in to say how guiltier or not not guilty OJ Simpson is. Yeah. But I think they've forgotten about it. I don't think everybody has said that. Well, let's not say everybody. Let's say the majority of the people are worried more about if he's guilty, if he's not guilty, if he's going to be a big riot, if not going to be a big riot. I'm not going to be any riot. Of course not. Actually, they found the man now guilty. Where's my sauce by the way, Andy? You're running out of here with my sauce. You idiot. Go ahead, sir. I'm sorry. But anyway, uh, the only thing. Really sick. Really sick, pal. You're the biggest jackass. You make Mark Furman look like a guy named Sunday school preacher. That's what you look like. You're an asshole. And if you think it's going to get on the air, surprise. Guess what? It doesn't get on the air. Surprise. Oh, God. I wish. What line was that on? Two men we could have done a cool call came in and blocked the line. Quick call. So fast. Are they okay? Because it was on one. That's where we could know. That's why he's doing it. Mr. Macho there. He does it on the pound line because we can't call him back on the mobile line. So he calls it. It makes it a disgusting, grotesque racial comment. Sir, you're a piece of walking, too. Okay. Really beautiful. Like that's going to get on the air. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. How'd you like that? Oh, man. It was beautiful. Yeah. I heard it, but I can't repeat it, right? That's right. Okay. We'll see it. Oh, Neil. Did you watch? Kid Comple. I guess it was ready after the juice drop being. Why? After what? After the old day, trial. The two feet, trial. Yeah. Why did they have to come on and give that statistic about one and three blacks locked up now? Well, they've been hyping that a lot lately. One, three, a blacks between 20 and 29. I'm a black man. To me, it seems as if this is... How come we don't know how many white people between 20 and 29 are in court? Exactly. There's a lot of young people out there coming a lot of crimes. That's a bottom line. There's a number of white men in jail. So, this is, I mean, it's like 1 in 20 billion or something like that. I don't know. I would have been interested in to find out, but they never gave that. I did see that several times. I mean, that's just to me. Like, don't worry, why America. We didn't get old, Jay, but we got the rest of them. Yeah. Like everybody who's been put in jail is innocent. Exactly. Well, I got another point. Okay. I want to give white America a chance to say that... I thought I was guilty for one thing. Let me get that out of my chance. Yeah. But they don't have anything to worry about, because we have blacks. We don't own any major fools or retail outlets. We have no to disapoint. What are we talking about about churches chicken? Okay. That's that one. Give us that. Yeah. All right. And what about that watermelon patch down there at Homestead? What about the guy who looks like Ross Perot, all the other chicken? There you go. No, we get a few of them. So, hey, yeah. We got no political power. Let me thank Purdue. No major corporations. Yeah. And no major media TV. We don't own Jack. Because, I mean, we're still the same situation. We always live for the last 8 million years. Nothing, Jay. And what's the reason for that? Well, I see a list of the reasons for that is that. I'll tell you what. The king's message. It wasn't carried out the way I don't know if he was king. What he was talking about. Because the message wasn't carried out. We took businesses out of our own neighborhoods. I was like neighborhood. And when we were able to go into the white neighborhood and shop and do our business there and we do it for mom and floors and the air conditioning buildings, we left our neighborhood. Yeah. And they did carry me with it. And we just haven't overcome that. We haven't gone back into our neighborhood and rebuilt them and did anything. I mean, no maintenance within our own system. I'm like this. I think that's one reason for it. Also, too. Did she lose fair accounts on a dyno use the other day? No, I wouldn't watch you. I wouldn't watch him for more than 10 seconds. But it was interesting. Because the lady stood up and they were talking about political issues and everything. And the lady stood up and she said, what do you feel about a guy in politics that's a womanizer and a drug abuse? And Lewis said, oh, who are you talking about? John McEvey? Of course you were talking about Mary and Mary, but I thought that was kind of cute. That's all Neil. Okay, Belle. Thanks. See you. I'm going to be a good friend of Mary and 1237. I'm going to do this pop. But I got a mouthful of food. What am I going to do about that? Hmm. Oh, man. This is really good, this sausage. Thanks again, Carol and Lisa and Stan. Stan's stage jelly, man. I got some good stuff. They got all this, uh, Lorenzo stuff over there. They're pretty smart. See, not like Fredo or Sunny. Not dumb. They're smart. And they get the good stuff and that's why they're doing some business down there. 16 WIOD, radio, Fringes, Al Florida. 1241 at WIOD. So here's a facts from somebody bugsy in West Palm Beach. And it says today's Palm Beach post, no blackout wine. Oh, come at. I'll tell you why bugs. He intags for sending me this article because our papers here for some reason don't have any clue what's going on. Because the Sun Sentinel has got a big article. Blackout deadline is today. The Sun Sentinel has been going on for a long time. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a big article. And it's going to be a huge article. Has anything happened this apocalypse coming down? But頭 is brownish. And its light has been stuck on that person as a madman and the term had a lot of problems, and I'm sorry. How can that be happened? So anyway, it's a 1242 at WLD. So I guess you know, depending on which paper you read, don't worry about the blackout. It's said, really just try to con you people into buying a lot more tickets, but whatever's left to the album. Because they want to get that game on here, get all the revenue, which will more than compensate for whatever cost to buy the tickets, right? Whatever you say. Why's Chester? Hello. Hi, doing it now. Okay. I got a report, a spirit port on O.J. and his getting his money back. He's selling the pictures of his reunion with his kids. To a tabloid. To a tabloid. To a star magazine for 1.2 mil. Isn't that nice? That is disgusting. How could you sell out your own kids like that? Yep. And we're supposed to feel so sorry because it was separated from his kids for 15 months. He wanted to be home by Christmas and he got it out of his Senate. And he sells the pictures to a tabloid. It's incredible. Yeah. And the Brown family finally considered custody to him because they don't want them to meet. They don't want to meet the children suffer anymore. They did? Well, what was that? Yesterday, the interview, the Denis Browns, Nicole Browns father. And he said that he gets along with people every day that he doesn't agree with. And he says he's going to have to deal with O.J. Yeah, but they haven't seen the custody wrong about that. Really? No. I could have sworn I heard of Jason the length of that. But he doesn't want to meet the children suffer anymore. Yeah, but that doesn't mean he's going to give up to kids. Well, this is going to be a major fight. Well, it's going to cost him. You know, he's got that one hurts franchise. Now maybe another one. And in closing, Johnny Cochran seriously thinking of running for Ellie Meer. I heard that on CNN this morning. Oh. I'm serious. Right in the middle of my lunch, you did that. Have a great weekend. All right. See you. Open line in date, 751. Can you imagine that Johnny Cochran mayor of Los Angeles? Oh. Here's a bokeh. Hello, wait a minute. It's a wrong line. Bokeh. How can there be a bokeh online? Hello? There's never anybody on it line. What do you dream in or what? Here's a cutlery of a chill. Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Hi. I'm an African American. And I'm just going to say that there are just too many, too many. Black people who are calling in, making excuses for O.J. Is a grown man. He can make up his own excuses. He doesn't need a whole country behind him. The thing that really I felt bad about is for the whole jury is because of the fact that the whole trial was televised and everything. And they did feel a whole lot of pressure. Who knows? The jury, the many members of the Black jury, they might have actually thought that O.J. was guilty or not. They said the someone said they did. Yeah, but the thing is is that they knew. Even if they were on the jury, they can't. It doesn't matter. If they were on there for like maybe a week or so, they know that the trial was highly publicized and everything. And that once they did get out onto the streets and everything, everyone would know that they were on the jury because the media, they would assume they got a whole two-it chances are they probably would show their faces. Right. And so I think many of the jurors probably felt the pressure of it. Because I know as a Black person, if I was to be on the jury, one thing I would have to consider was how would everyone else feel about me giving my own opinion. And if they didn't feel the same way about my opinion, then chances are that our who knows something could go wrong. So the jurors, many of the Black jurors, they probably did feel that as Black people, they should support O.J. not just because they think that he's innocent, but because of his color. And some of the other jurors, I think there were white jurors. Yeah. And order for them to feel that they aren't being registered or anything, you know, by voting against O.J. even though they might think that he is guilty, they probably voted, you know, towards his innocence because they did feel the pressure of it. But I don't think that any Black person who is calling up this show should make excuses for O.J. you know, it's not right. They're calling up saying that he's innocent and everything. No, no, they don't even think about it. They're looking at the fact that he's a Black man who had a white wife and everything. And they don't see the fact that she got killed or anything. They just look at the fact that he's a Black man. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Okay. Open line and day, 751 W.O.L.D. We got two on a green lines that spoke up on Beach River or a beach, you know, Beach, et cetera. Uranus, 1-800-944-9463, 1-800-944. W-O-D. It's 1247 at W-O-D. The jury found O.J. somes are not guilty. 16 W-O-D.D.D. A South Florida's immediate reaction. Many don't buy your personal monoprene. I know. They get something to do with it. I never think that it's done. When people want to know, when people want to talk, news, talk, and entertainment radio. 16 W-O-D. Okay. Whatever you say has never been so stunned. Here's Boca allegedly again. Hello. Did you hear Craig were thing last night? No. Oh. Anyway. I guess I can't tell you then. About what? His board-out. Turn 35 on Saturday. And he extended an invitation to you. Great. Okay. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800-6400-944-9463. Give me a break. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I'm a little bit of a time. I call you, but I always listen to you. Great. I've been living in the United States for five years. And I still can't figure out American. I come from Argentina. Argentina is a country made of Italians. The people from Spain. There's a big colony of Germans. Right. It's the fourth country in the world that has the most Jews and the most natural. Yeah. Yeah. You're right. Well, it kind of balances it out. But when you ask an Argentinean or a person that has lived there for a long time, or their children, who have been born there, you know, some would not know. What nationality I'm Argentinean. Why do Americans here make such a big issue about race and where you come from? Oh, I'm Cuban American. I'm African American. I'm Jewish American. I still can't. It's just plain stupid. It's just stupid. And the media have helped to create this and perpetuate it. And it's just the way the establishment likes it. It's called divide and conquer. That's just the way they love it. But it's just that I don't see America's going to make it as a society ever. If they don't get all together and say, you know, we're American. It's not going to happen. It's not going to happen. It ain't going to happen. Like this, like with this, OJ Simpson, by the way, I didn't even know who he was before all this started. And you know something, a lot of the people, especially these women, who are calling in on all the shows, including this one, who wouldn't know OJ Simpson from OJ Schwartz, who were never followed for ball, who haven't got any idea what team he played for, what they only was all about. All of a sudden they got an opinion because it was a big media event that was on television every day, like a never-ending soap opera. That's why they haven't got any idea who he was. And everything has to fall into a racial issue. Yeah. Well, that's America. Welcome to America. No. It's not only racist. It's not only racist. There is no solution. There is no solution. I mean, it's institutionalized. It is institutionalized. Whether you're black, whether you're gay, whether you're Chinese, whether you're this, we're going to find some reason to hate you and that's America. That's why this country blows. Everybody makes such a big personal. The American people are extremely pericule people. Most of whom have never been anywhere related to real civilization. They think because we got the best strip shopping malls anywhere in the world that that makes this a great country. And because we got bigger color TV sets except for the Japanese. And so that makes us better than everybody. They haven't been anywhere. They don't know what real life is all about. That's what our human I have many times. Like that guy that called you yesterday and said, I hope because I'm glad that I can talk everything I can because we live in America. And all kinds of many countries in the world you can say whatever you want. You can even curse on the rating. It's right. Even the puritanical British on the BBC. Anywhere that's ever been invented on those BBC comedies. Nobody gets up tight about it. The same thing all over Western Europe. There's no censorship of language. There's no censorship of like a body parts, breasts, like that. It's in New smag asians. It's everywhere. The American public man has been so brainwashed and so kind and waving the flag in his pseudo-catutism and bullcraft. This country is in deep deep deep deep. I'd like to say that right now. I agree with you. And since their children at school all they learn about is the United States. They don't know anything about other parts of the world. They don't know anything about this country. They can even find the state that they live in on a map. They're educated to believe that this is the best place in the world. They don't care about anything else. Well, they're getting just what they deserve. Okay. Good luck to us, man. Okay. Say hi. Open line of day. It's 7.5.1. W-Y-O-D. Anybody want to write me a check for like 2.3 million? I'll be more than happy to get out my passport. Hop on a plane. You won't see me no more. It's just the Stone Age. Man, it's in the Dark Ages and the Pauogy. Love it or leave it baby. Fly that flag. Yeah. Okay. Whatever you say. Freedom is just the state of mind. They're very little freedoms in this country. We got a police state that's going on here. Mark Furman is living proof of that. That's what people ought to be up at arms about. Is police corruption? Mark Furman isn't, uh, he's not an isolated case. Police corruption. Brutality beatings murder. We had the Miami River cops here. We got every kind of drug dealer. We kind of murder going on. It's a goddamn Gestapo out there. But we're all arguing about, you know, is it a black and white issue? It's a black and white issue. It's a black and white issue. That's the way the media have orchestrated. That's why every show you get on. You got your black experts on there and your, uh, OJ apologizes. And you got your white, your pat, you can't. And that's what it is. It's a media circus. And that's going to change it. I don't think so. Here's, uh, Davey. Hello. The season of greetings Neil. And back to you. I agree with that last caller. She's, uh, guys right on the money. With this decision. You know, just cross OJ off your Christmas card list. And, you know, it takes some comfort and on that, you know, what, I don't know what the status, but, you know, most people go through the, uh, judicial system. I don't know, it was at 75, 85, 95 percent. Go back into it. You know, once they're in, they go through jail, they usually come back through it again. Anyway, so it takes them covered on OJ, probably be back. Okay. Thanks for the abringing observation. We have an open line in Broward 524. We've got an hour and four one on a green line. What 800 944, like I said, we've got an hour and four minutes to go in and Monday. I've got a whole new agenda. Maybe in the same part of it. Forget it. Because the, uh, in entity just to keep some coming. Here's sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's going on? You tell me that lady should get her passport and go back to where she came from. Why is that? You know how stupid you sound man. No, this place doesn't. You missed understood where I was saying. I think we're going to give you one of those to go back. The place where she's from is probably much better than here. I'm not so sure about that. Our content is like some very, very, very serious problems. Neil, this place is going to hell in a hand basket. Yeah. And it ain't going to get any better. Yeah. Everything that is going on right now is just going to get worse and worse. And the thing that upset me the most, the same thing. The same thing that upset you about everybody jumping around and screaming and yelling. Which not only was black. There were also white people doing that. That's right. I think a lot of the people did it because it was the thing to do. But what really struck me is weird was that. How do they know what the thing to do is a spontaneous thing that happened immediately? Yeah. But I think there was a build up for it. I think that you knew that was going to happen anyway. No, I did not. I never expected any of that. I expected a lot of people to do that. But the thing I did not expect was college educated people. People at Howard University. Right. That was puked. Well, you event. That's not a real school anyway. But the people that were college educated. People that are supposed to be leaders in this community. Or, or, or, or a plotting it just as much as the people that were jumping around on the streets. And that's what upset me the most was that I thought this was going to be an isolated thing. I knew the people out front of the courthouse. That was that was they were there for the day where they were there to cheer. That's why they went down there. So I expected that from them. Yeah. But when we were seeing feeds from around the whole United States. nauseating. It was, I couldn't believe it. And I want to make a comment about what you were saying before about police corruption and brutality. Yeah. I was a police officer in a city in Palm Beach County. And we had a predominantly black community. I don't know if I could say the city. Why not? That's up to you. It was city of Belgrade. Okay. We had a predominantly black community. And the rest of the community was made up primarily of different, ethnic groups, Mexican. We had a lot of migrant workers, lot of Haitians. Right. And in the time that I worked there, I never once saw somebody beaten. And I never once saw somebody falsely put in jail. I don't know if you, I'm sure you know, but I don't know a lot of people are listening. No, it probably causes. It's an affidavit that's written by a police officer at the time of the arrest to document why he believes that the person should be arrested. And I can tell you there were numerous times where we had people incarcerated for, witness statements or for, suspect interrogations and upon completing all the statements. If there wasn't enough problem cause, we were released. We wouldn't send them to jail and let's stay to turn your work out. We did what we thought was right in-house and didn't get anybody else involved. Yeah. And I do not think that Mark Furman or police corruption or brutality represents the large part of police officers in the United States. I'm not a very big part. I'm a big part. I'm a big part. I'm a big part. I'm a big part. I'm a big part. I'm a big part. Maybe it's different in bigger cities. Maybe because we were in a small town. It was a lot more run the right way because of the fact that we knew the community was watching us. But I can't speak for bigger cities. But from where I've seen and also riding with other departments. I'd like to point out that there were a lot of lynchings going on in small towns in Mississippi and the Georgia and places like that. That's true. But I think that we were maybe a little bit more scrutinized in other places. But it is from where I've seen, it is not as widespread as everybody thinks. And whatever amount it is when you've got a gun in a badge and a power to log behind your man. It's got to stop. That's a bottom line. You're listening. And we're getting paid. 16 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. Use talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Has taken into Havana, Bureau. The kids are fighting, screaming and refusing to listen. How to handle really unruly kids on the next open win for show at 4. Only on WPLG, Channel 10. And that's the latest time, saver traffic from 16 WIOD. Want to just skip the weather? No, go ahead. Okay. Thanks. Mostly cloudy with a 60% chance of showers and thunderstorms likely high 85 to 90. 86 degrees right now next news update to a clock. I would have a lot of hope for that. Oh. Yeah. Well, Chad Johnny Cawcran on the other day. And that, uh, juror number 10. Juror number 10. Yeah. Okay. It's tiny Tim said, good luck to whistle. You were saying I'm sorry. New stalk and entertainment. What do you have? 16. Yeah. Can we just go home? Hey, saver. It's the water to sail over. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. My permit. Oh. One thing is certain. Oh. I know you committed surgery. And I'm fully barely. He does. I mean, maybe. You have racial and a mosa ti. You got a witness, famed. You got the lead felt. And she's got whine a story to tell. You're a bad cop from the L.A.P.D. And you don't like my norm. And she's so hey. My permit. It's not hard to determine. You ain't got no credit for the team. Oh. Oh. Oh. And I just can't figure. Why you said? The end work. Because of you, old changes, my cold free. And when you jumped on over that fence, did you try to plant some evidence? What the hell were you thinking of? Did you really find that bloody club now? Hey. My permit. Or did you? Oh. And I'm Goldman. There what this is all about. But it seems they've been left out in the trial of the century. And the old day is killed. Okay. Whatever you say. What I was seven a W.O.D. and the hits just keep on coming. Baby, they just can't get enough of it. Man no matter what you tell them. It's like if you put lunch on the table. And you said to somebody, you know, it looks really delightful. But there's arsenic right in the middle of it. And plus what looks like a steak is something that fight or left in the back yard this morning. And if they had been convinced enough that it was going to be a delicious shatobry on. And they were like, oh, look at their chops. Oh, that's good stuff. Here's a, I'm telling you that's just the American public man. It's 95% of the public in this country. There are so brainwashed and they're just, it's hopeless. Because their brainwashed and they don't know it. That's the sad part. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I do sir. I'm doing good. Just before I guess this will be like the last hour that we're going to be touching on this show. Baby, this is it. This is D.D. Good bite of O.J. Johnny and Bobby and the Gantzamish Poh. I'm not going to change any. And Marsha and Chris and Cardassian and Gilgarh Setti and Gilmig Durga, goodbye to all of them. Not, not he's going to change. Everybody's going to raven rape, but as time goes on, things will always remain. It's just another hobby. It's just another thing to kill some time. That's all. Like Howard Beale said, we're in a boredom killing business. It looked like this deal. Like he'll do it for like 15 months. Exactly. I do want to make one comment. I'm going to talk about the most people after all black people are all black. All black. Okay. I've already said people are mostly black. Oh no. I know. I'm just giving it to him. I know. When the Rodney King verdict came down on an Anglo-American and when I was disgusted by that verdict, but I did not. And I don't think not one. I don't remember. I don't remember any white burning their house going into streets in writing. Yeah. And the only people who were cheering were probably a mark for men in the rail. But the mainstream America, I mean, people that have a little bit of common sense, they were disgusted. Now, I don't know, but I don't want to sound a little bit too ignorant, but you know, are the blacks for getting all the white American and Anglo-American's that helped them throughout the years of their course? Why didn't they start making a complicated novel? I'm serious. I don't start talking about the Jewish way to me. I don't start to have me about the Jewish civil rights workers who got killed in Mississippi and about the NAACP. It was founded by Jews and about the ACLU and all the other groups that have worked so hard to protect the rights of black people and to give them progress. Because it ain't going to do any good, man, because when you want to find anti-Semitism in America, you will look within the black community. There is such rampant anti-Semitism that it's a frightening thing. It is a frightening thing. It's a rampant. It's because I look at it and I want to do a bad thing. Okay, you got to read the thing. Okay, call me back. Maybe open line of Broward 5249463524WOD, which points up that like, you know, the song says, like Tom Lear says, this one hates that one and everybody hates the Jews and this one hates the blacks. That's the American way. That's just the world. In fact, it's not just this country. It's in a lot of barbaric places all over the world. Like in Bosnia and in Indian Pakistan and Northern Ireland and all over the goddamn place, baby. The Protestants are way over the Catholics and the Jews with the Arabs and the blacks with the whites and the Indians with the Pakistanis and the croixions with the Serbs just everywhere, man. And you want me to solve it here? I'm going to give you the answer. Sure. Here's a lady on a purple line. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi. I'm doing fine. Well, I want to get this in before your last hour is over. And I've been listening to you often on a week and I don't know if anyone has mentioned this, but do you remember the Col. Davis murder in Texas? And this, uh, his trial was in like 1976, but this was a wealthiest man ever tried for any kind of a crime much less murder. He murdered two people. He murdered his wife's 12-year-old daughter and her boyfriend. And there were three witnesses at the house. He shot two of them. One of them was his wife. One of them was another young man who happened upon the scene who is still paralyzed for life. And shot at his girlfriend who was running away. But to make a long story short, he was tried. And three witnesses at the scene identified him and he got off. And he is still up. They made like a TV movie of it in fact this year. Yeah. But it was one of those things where he became a celebrity because of the trial. And though back in. Oh, look at all the celebrities that this trial spawn. I know with people I identify with celebrities. And that's why they're so hyped up about this whole thing. Because he had such a following of people, people gathering around the court at O1-1 other thing too. While he was in jail, pondering all this stuff that's been happening, all of a sudden, guess what he gets, religion. Oh, don't take all. Don't take all. He, like, got really, you know, turned on the God. Yeah. He's just not so this stuff in half of the jury. And my cousin too. Mike Tyson got religion. Oh, yeah. Just like that. Just like that. Just like that. And I'm not putting anyone's religion down. But it just so happened that so many people on the jury were these religious Bible belt people. This was in Texas too. Don't forget. And this was a really, really wealthy man. And he ended up. He had this great attorney, race or pain. And he would, I don't even know if he's alive yet. But out of Houston, in this guy, race or pain is a real colorful figure. And he was like Johnny Cochran back in the 70s. And he absolutely got him up. Well, there he go. Making his life look. All the justice money can buy. Have a great weekend. We're back. See, an open line on a purple line. By the way, since Black folks never do get a fair shake from the system. How's Mary and Barry doing? I'm sorry. Yeah. Mary and Barry. Drug drug, drug dealer. Carouser. Slip is slime ball. Slies bag. Guess what? What he do about 10 minutes in there in the slimer? He's the mayor. Watched in again. All right. One 13 at WIOD Lorenzo's Italian Center is coming up with this good stuff for you. People on the Doctor Atkins died for the thousands, the millions of you out there or feeling better and improving your health. And just doing great. Like that cheesecake. They're now selling 15 hundred of these Doctor Atkins cheesecake. Every weekend. They're going to be selling a lot more when you find out they've got the new cheesecake top with sugar free fruit to give you more variety more taste, incredible. And they're still virtually not no carbohydrates but very, very low. You can have a whole tonful. They're selling over 500 loaves of the basic protein bread. Over 200 pounds of the 50% less carbohydrates. So if I had a chini every week they're selling that because. And the reason they give you the numbers is because you just know if people didn't like it. They wouldn't be coming back and buy more and more and more. They're selling tons of the nitrite free hotdogs for 99. The new nitrite free hotdog from New York, which is I think what we had again today. And if that's what that is, man is that good. Also the nitrite free field brought worse 399 upon nitrite free bacon. All kinds of bulk sliced meats in the meat case. Perfect for the Atkins diet. And if that's not enough, Lorenzo's newest surprise. The Doctor Atkins Fudge will be available like any minute. Lorenzo's also has the fresh pastas breads meats and produce. They always offer you can't beat Lorenzo's. And trust me when I tell you the best meat anywhere in the world. Those fillets will melt in your mouth almost in your hand. You can't touch their meat. Lorenzo's a Italian center 16385 Westix. The Highway North Miami Beach call 9456381. 16 WIOD. C69 now. And if you're not impressed by the EAS way till we come up with the ASS, it's 116 at WIOD on a Friday. Don't feel like Friday feels like Saturday. Does it you too? Yesterday I felt like Friday to me for some reason. I was positive it was Friday. And I got up this morning and sure enough felt like Saturday. I knew it wasn't so otherwise you know that would have been a good excuse. I sure wouldn't have gone over real big. But it felt like Saturday. It feels like Shabbas. So we can't buy any dolphin tickets today. Now Panthers, that's okay. By the way, if there's any very observant orthodox Jews, it is okay. We've just had special dispensation from the Pope and a rabbi. They had rabbi of Israel. They said it's okay to buy panther tickets even on Shabbas. Here's a lady in North Miami Beach, Chelo. Hi. Hi. The address is 1000- fifth avenue. It's a lovely apartment building and some years back. The what? The what is? It's a lovely apartment building. What is? One thousand this avenue in New York. What is it? John Moon wanted to move into this apartment building. John Moon? John Moon and another deal. Oh John, Lenin. Yes. They tell us, conferred. And Warren Moon. And would not allow John, Lenin to move in. Why is that? There would be too much confusion, too many people. Then Lenin will own. No, I think it's because he was British. Maybe so. So then Lenin will own. Later on. Later on. So best is the loan tried. Oh, keep him out. And he was kept out too. Yeah, he's hung on the buttons. Do you think that the five million dollar crop tower apartment that O.J. wants? Do you think that they will allow him? Do I think so? Yep. Yes. Because money talks. Yeah, there you go. All right. Okay. Because we know that sliced the loan in John, Lenin, they didn't have no money. What is she talking about? Oh, and by the way, is he really buying a house in Manala Pan? Or is that just a room where they're starting up in Palm Beach County? Good luck to you guys. Oh, I'm definitely barely went over there. He bought him a house in Manala Pan, which I know that if I had all that money, I don't know. What do you want to loop? Oh, Manala Pan. Jesus, O.J. God. Which means he'll be listed in the show pretty soon. So like I said, Monday, forget that lay off a hand, baby. I've always had an aversion to sharp knives. Here's a Del Rey Beach, hello. Hi, I know. Yes, sir. I wish Lorenzo had a branch over here in Del Rey. Quick comment. Hey. When O.J. calls the show, Larry King. Yeah. He mentioned about leaving the house up front in the dark. Yeah. And then we're back in the late night. No, he didn't say that. But the point. Yeah. But the point I want to bring out is that you know the shennycock and just say, yeah. I wasn't watching it. I wasn't that on actually. Let me tell you what happened. Johnnycock is this yes in him to death. You know, everything, O.J. So he's yes in yes. But do you remember in the trial when Lacken when Johnnycock and got up? And he says, yeah, that was O.J. That was going into the house. He admitted it. He says that was O.J. And what was he doing? He was coming back from hooting off the heading off board. Right. That was the O.J. He was a slice of a bite like that. And well, but don't you remember in his statement to the police, which of course never was a redden to test the morning, he said that he was taking a nap during that period. Yeah. The preachwell. Shapiro said got up and said he was taking a nap. Well, let's face it from a quarter to ten when it came back from McDonald's for his big Mac and the drugs or whatever they bought there. From that time till a quarter to eleven, I don't think he had time to go out and play some golf and take an afternoon. At middle, he went into the bunker and he called from his bunker in the coffin at three minutes at ten. So we know he was out. Admittedly what? That he was out of his bunker. No, he was out of his house on the cell phone outside. He went out to the bunker and he just cell phone. At three minutes at ten, he's went to call from his bunker from that coffin. Yeah, of course. Because when you're inside the house naturally, you're always going to make a call out in the occur. You're going to if you're in the house right now when you want to call on your phone. Right. Otherwise somebody might be overhearing it. But the point that I wanted to pick. Yeah. Here he is. He's talking to green with him. When he was with it, talking to him. So you got to understand Johnny wants to be the mayor of L. You're in it picking now man. Listen, it's all over and just just keep thinking of that picture of Johnny with that schmata on his head and he can give you a good laugh. Oh, it's lying. Yeah. Well, who do you think? I mean, there's three old days. Right. You don't have to get Shylao coms to figure this one out man. Okay. Obviously right. Yeah. It's all over man. It's all over. Let's go on to something we can sink our teeth into the box and go open it up again. Okay. Let's open it up again. Oh, geez. Open line in the green line. One is. The word born. We want our plane to head back. Open it up again. Please. Or at the very least, can't we televised them in end is trial starting next week? We want to see that. Okay. We want to see if he's got new hairpiece. 22 after one at WIOD. All you counts potatoes out there if you're tired of running movies from video stores that have no good selection. Some geek work in behind the counter doesn't know a damn thing. At video waves, their selection is fantastic and no geeks are employed except Mitch. Video waves has the best selection of new releases and adult titles anywhere in Broward County. If you want on edited, on rated versions of the hottest new releases, this is where you'll find them. They don't patch key around with your movies over there. They give it the MS to real thing at video waves. Video waves has convenient hours. They're open 9 a.m. to midnight. 365 days a year, even on your mkipper, even during hurricane air and they were open because they need the money. Video waves offers four library rentals for four days for a measly four bucks. If you want a special on adult videos, video waves offers four movies for four days for only eight bucks. Enough to get you really excited. Video waves also offers camcorder rentals, game system rentals, film transfers and TV and VCR repairs. Special orders and reservations are always welcome too. Conveniently located in the Tamarack Town Square Plaza on the corner of Southgate Boulevard in Pine Island Road in Tamarack. See crazy Mitch tonight at video waves and tell him Neil says hello from a distance. Oh my god, it's coming up my leg. It's cut cut cut cut. Look, if you're going to play the farmer frightened by the creature, it's not coming up your leg. Try it again. Phil Henry Show 2 to 6, Monday through Friday. That's got it. 2 to 6 PM on news, talk and entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. It's Friday you bastard. Well, I'm a top of center of who likes to pull around. We're pretty good, so well you know I chiss them down. I goose them out of pinch them, cause some Mitch just to game. I got them in a program, man they're giving me a name. They call me the farmer. Here we are. I feel the round around around around around the... Oh! And I just didn't want my sick material on my right. There's a cute little page that I'll be driving on the night. Okay. When she asked me, the secret of my success. I rip open a shirt and try to do a round my desk, cause I'm the farmer. Here we are. I go around around around around around. Well, I'm no no no no. I'm sound. I got to what I'd like. And I'm a track to come and I go out. Just give me two sips. Oh I know I'm a in your own new well. Well, I'm a top of center of who likes to write it down. Gotta see crit hiding place. Well, my diary won't be found. And when I give the urge and if I find a will in girl, I'll help writing for the shack I'll kill and give that girl a twirl, cause I'm the farmer. Here we are. I go around around around around. Oh, yeah. Okay, cut that out. Oh, I'll... Love it. Oh, I'll... Get your hand off me. Oh, I'll... What a pervert. Cause I'm the farmer. Here we are. I go around around around around. I want to tell you how to do it. Speaking of Mary and Barry, and I'm thinking of Jerry Studts and Barney Frank and Ted Kennedy. And, you know, unless, you know, you get like Mel Reynolds, he's going to jail for me. Little boy, the Democratic Congressman, got caught with those young ladies pants down and some underage. But generally speaking, people don't care. If they admire somebody, if they like their politics, if they admire what they didn't sports or in the media or show business and movie star, they don't care. They don't give a crap about their personal lives. Look at Clinton for crying a lot on Never Forget Tonight that he and Hillary were on 60 minutes. And everybody, including me, we thought, okay, this is the end. We had all a Jennifer Flowers crap. I mean, it was... it was pathetic. This is the end. This man will never get to nomination. Never even if he did get a chance to be elected. He's El President, baby. People don't really care about that stuff. That's why, you know, all you people like Denise, and I don't know whether she's it's sincere or just a good act. But who really believe about this bettered wife thing and about how people are so... They're conscious this has been raised and they're so outraged about the, you know, bettered and abused women. They don't care about that. They aren't interested. And maybe the one juror who said, even though was a disgusting comment, maybe she was honest though, it was just a waste of time. They might as well have saved the 911 tapes. We didn't care. We don't care what a rotten son of a bitch he might have been to his wife. We don't care. We're not interested. That domain he killed her. So you can go through that long list of people. You know, when they're constituencies, whatever it might happen to be, they're going to keep electing them back or they're going to keep giving them their support. Because people in America don't care about these things. That's why it's a new story one day and the next day, nobody knows from it. Whether it's Warren Moon or Bobby Cox or Irving Spikes or the two guys at the University of Nebraska and the two punk football players, nobody cares. That's why Hugh Grant, what a schmuck he was, man. Goes on in apologizes. He should have been high-fiving with J.L. and everybody else. All right, there's another one for you. Everybody likes that. They like the fact that all these people out there are sleeping around. That's what they want to read in the God Damon Quire and the star and the Globe and all their tabloids. They want to find it who's sticking it where? Here's a curl cable. Hello? How you doing Neil? Okay. Oh, man. I'm going nuts Neil. I know what I'm going to do. But at any rate half an hour on a show, baby. And it's all in its audio. I have a good life. I am waiting for Monday with Bated Breast. Yeah, me too. But at any rate. I think I get it just right. I think, you know, this is, you got to let it run. It's chorus and this is it. I think I just, I don't even want to talk about it anymore. I'm a sick and disgusted as just about everybody else. What the brain is, the reason are really called Neil. Yes. That bitch that called in the last hour, that Argentinian bitch. Yeah. Okay. There's a reason why she's here in not an Argentina. Okay. You want to talk about a racist country, Argentina, baby. There are no blacks there. No blacks in Argentina. Why is that? Don't talk about infirmity. Yeah. Well, I'm sure you check it for his passport right now. Yeah. So listen, honey. If it's so good over there, hop on the next I'd bury a flight and get the hell on out. How would I do? Okay, pal. Where's that, remember that song that's a guy did at Cemetery Village? Which I think was number one for about two minutes. Another must be to money. There's please don't take my penis. Some of our great, to hits here in Iraq. But where's that, uh, you know what I'm talking about? Ah, gee. Oh, here it is. All right. This is just for that lady and this guy. All right. Oh. Are you? I'm sorry. I saw you. My heart began to flutter. Right to speak. And then began to stutter. And you walked by. I knew that this was really long. Oh, boy. He says hello. You turned as small as we'd live. Then you spoke. And I was yours completely. Now I'd like to ask a question. Is this high K where the sun is? Oh, well. The title is my Argentine. Well, I think you get the message. I can't stand any more of it. Uh, let's go to, if I told him if they would have played that on the coastman, they'd be number one with a bullet. Four lottery. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Now what's going on? How you doing? Okay. Let me just say one quick thing here. If anybody falls in this trial. Okay. If anybody falls in this trial, closely in the beginning of the trial. Okay. Johnny was losing. Yeah. He had the only one. He had the only one. Oh, God, I don't know. We haven't liked some kind of a. Oh, it's. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Okay. Johnny was losing. Johnny was losing. Okay. The evidence was against them. Okay. The motive was. All of their defense witnesses get blown up one at a time, right? And. Okay. Well, he's got some somebody didlin' the back there and I don't have time for it. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 524. And here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing today, sir? Three. I've called with Noah Jay today. Good. You know, it's. Although he will be a neighbor of yours very soon. Yeah. I hear that. And what really takes me off, Neil, is like you said, you know, you stole my fire every day, which is okay. You know, the thing was over long ago. Like you said, we knew he's going to walk. Who cares? Right. It's over. Yeah. What are these bit like that woman that's called yesterday. She cried for six hours after they read the verdict. You know, she needs mental health. She needs a psychiatrist. What's incredible is, Neil, the football season is in full effect. He sees and starts tomorrow. He's going to talk about the tonight. We got some heavy duty stuff coming up here. You got baseball, playoffs are heavy duty. They're exciting games. What more could you ask for in life? And here we got everybody crying. Not me. Not me. Like I said, man, I'm going to be a pop at O park tonight. I got the Leafs and the Penguins tomorrow. I got an, of course, one o'clock tomorrow. I got the Panthers at New Jersey on TV. Oh, and then Sunday I got the panther open a rette arena. So it's a full weekend of important, of course, to play off games again tonight. So what the hell is wrong with these people? It's a beautiful thing. We got here with all the sports going on and just it's. And then these assholes called in. And then we do the solvent and they crazy or what? What kind of law law land are they living in? And it's not going to change. It's like it's like standing there and when you hear somebody calling us, hello, new, no, Jay, you think you feel like every time they open their mouth, you're being, you're being kicked or something like that. Yeah, you know what I mean? It's just incredible. Well, Neil, I can't, you know, something 99% of these people are people who I either have never heard from or have, you know, like once in a blue moon, but no matter what else I'm talking about, they will not call. I said here day after day after day, discussing every guy damn thing that's ever happened in a history of the universe. And most of these people include, especially these women never would take the time to call. They all got a busy life. They can't, they're listening, but they'll never call. But boy, nothing's going to stop them on his deal. Neil, they're probably the same people that are calling when you give away the tickets and stuff, you know. But, you know, hey, Neil, I have a shameless request. Yes, sir. And a small card for you. You got a little one, yeah. And a small one. The same was requested, those twisted. Yeah. And the small card is when I moved to West Palm, I listened to Neil Rogers every day. All right, O.J. Have a good one. See ya. Open line of the green line. Yeah, O.J. probably be listening to the show. So we better be real nice. Like I said, after Monday, we don't mention that name on here again, or, if we barely are Johnny Cochring or Carl Douglas or Buster Douglas or Barry Sheck and Bob Shapiro, we don't, it's banned, okay? Unless we change our minds. 136 at WIO, D Charles Alfieri's come up with something that'll make you flip that old wiggin' get the look and great. That's the new replacement, a hair replacement system called the hairline. It actually creates a natural look and hairline for you guys. The most critical area of any hair replacement system, the thing that's the most important, is the hairline. And with this new system from Charles Alfieri, the closer you look, the more natural it looks, just take a close peek at it and the hair too. The hairline is created with the appropriate recessions for each individual, so it looks like the hair is growing right out of your scalp, not like somebody laid a dead moose on top of your head. The effect is just incredible. So if Mendocse did it didn't work, if you're not happy with plugs or transplants, and people are snapping their ice skates onto your forehead. Whatever the deal is, or maybe you're wearing a hair replacement system from somebody else than shame on you, you want to look your best field, your best smud, your best, maybe get a little action once in a while. Look, years younger. Here's the answer. Charles Alfieri, you'll find a studio at 4390, North Federal Highway in Fort Lododale. If you want to read about the great news, just call for their free brochure. There's no obligation. Call a toll free number in L.A. sent it to you in the mail and the brochure too. 1-800-321-2413. You'll have more hair than Ron Jeremy. 1-800-321-2413. 6-10-W-I-O-D. Approaching Critical Mass. Oh, Neil! My Queen! God! The manager told me that I was right out of my head, and then he said, feel Henry was using a voice instead, such lies. I didn't listen to his chiefts. I knew all along. He was all wrong, and I knew that he thought. Are you sure? That I was crazy, but I'm not full-know. Yeah, but wait a second. The manager told me that I was a little confused, and I said, hey Bobby, I didn't call to get abused this way. I heard a show just the other day. I think you ought to know what he did on his show. I was very up on. That's the reason why I called. Yeah, but let me say something first. Let me say something. This woman named Marvita's show quite a lot, and a door's once a listen to the suck up post. Not I know you think Bill is a genius. And that is okay if you feel that way, but you would I say, I didn't think it was a bit funny, especially when he talked about the aborted baby fetuses with the cocktail sauce on top. Yeah, but, all right, did you, are you? Are you sure? The manager told me that I could use some couch time, but I should have made me. Yep. You'd let me speak my mind. You'll find I didn't think it was very kind. One bass ball was played by the crippled and blind, and to make matters worse. Yeah. Passion falls with sunny hush. Oh no. All right, all right. The manager told me. Yeah. That I was right out of my head. And then he said, lady, you're too easily misled, because you should know, feel Henry shows you need can to you. So why don't you relax and have a value more to? Because you don't know if you've got to talk to Bobby Green or not. And you know three voices are better than one. 141 at WID Final Scoredomorrow by the way, Florida State 56 University of Miami 10. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, hi. My name's Darrell. First time college. Okay. Yeah, I'd like to touch on something concerning the O.J. trial. I haven't heard anyone say anything about this. And to me, it's the primary reason why he got off the hook. And it's not necessarily because of the money that he had, although that had a lot to do with it. I mean, it's not really heard to me. The primary reason he got off the hook is because of a bunch of inept incompetent losers on the prosecution. It was idiot dropped the ball in the biggest trial of the century, because they act. We asked the panelizing the jury that they penalized. Right. But it was nine blacks on that jury. Then make sure you should have been hanged black down. Didn't bring up the Bronco chase. Didn't make a big case of that an innocent man wouldn't flee. I mean, all the kinds of stuff that mysteriously we never saw. But see if they had at least half black half white on that tree. It would have been a hung tree at the very end. And it's a what is going on. In addition to what's speaking of witnesses, there was the one woman who says that she and she seemed like a pretty credible woman. It lived in the neighborhood over by Nicole said that he saw the white Bronco with O.J. in a drive in a way. And this was way back at the beginning. And Marsha was such a good at issues. As well, she sold her story. She was going to sell her story to a tabloid. Therefore, we won't put her on the stand. Well, it seems to me that just about everybody else we saw. Soon or later, wound up selling her story to a tabloid. And they still all match to again on a witness stand in the Teller Bullcraft. Absolutely. And also I read. I read that there was fibers that the scene found from a 93 or 94 Bronco. And they couldn't enter that into evidence because they didn't tell the Defense about it soon enough. Great. I mean, on and on. I'm telling L.A. If you want to if you ever get angry, we want to kill somebody go out to L.A. and do it. Man, you're okay. You know, because those losers deserve to have their legal careers ruined for the rest of their lives. It's embarrassed to country and they embarrassed the city of Los Angeles. And I was outraged. When I found out about the racial makeup, I'm not a racist. Don't give me wrong. But just because O.J. is black. Doesn't mean he deserves to have nine blacks on his jury. That's that's crap. Yep. That is crap. I could understand if it was like in DC or somewhere where there's a Irundee inner city Detroit, you know, nine or ten blacks on a jury. That makes sense. Yeah. When you live in Brentwood, nine blacks on a jury is not a jury of your peers. Exactly. And yeah, that's about all I had to say about that. And I'm surprised. I've never really anyone else in the media talking about that. I mean, me, that's the great thing. We're trying to try to cut to the chase and make it too simple. And if you do that, then there's no excuse for having all these people on it. Don't spoil a party, pal. I just know. You know, it's a pleasure talking to you. Have a great weekend. All right. Don't spoil the media friends, man. You thought that it was all over. Surprise. Even CNN has special show today to tell us, It's not over. They're clinging to this man. They're hanging onto it like, Oh, geez. They're hanging on tight. Even John Bobbott is embarrassed. Here's a mobile. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I've been listening all week. And like a lot of other people, I'm kind of disgusted about hearing all the race from Mars from everybody. It's, uh, I was kind of like Rick, I think. I didn't. I don't say that. I don't say you were like Rick, please. I knew it was, it wasn't great. But I didn't think it was this bad. Really? Yeah. You thought that race relations were hunky-dory in America. I'm not a hunky-dory. But I think he told us that we made a lot of progress. All right. From 25 years ago, 30 years ago. Yeah. No. We've forgotten about Ronald Reagan. You see being in there along with Bush for 12 years. So, I mean, they helped to turn a clock back 50 years. So we're like already back into 40s. Yeah, it sucks. But, uh, other than that, I want to get off OJ, but I have one thing for you. Yeah. Let's see. Johnny Cochran said, if it doesn't fit, you must have quit. Yeah. And they did a quit. And I will admit that 77% of white. How come he couldn't do that like, you know what I'm saying? And it saved me the effort there. Uh, we have an open line on a purple line that used to be the cellular one line, but now it's the AT&T wireless line. And no matter what you call it, it's a free call if you make it in a reason I'm stalling us because this guy just said crap. But anyway, if you pick up the, uh, your thing, pick up your instrument, your apparatus in your cellular one and your AT&T wireless and dial pound IOD, miraculous in the photo ring like it's soon right now and maybe George Lanserick. Oh my god, don't forget we got Pompano Park opening tonight. 630, uh, in fact we got a couple of baby races there, so it's a good idea to get there early. Post time is 730 tonight in tomorrow. We got new ownership, new management. They want, they want living and breathing people out there. They want the young, the old, the, uh, the young, the young cut, they want everyone of any age to come out. And the harness racing have a good time. It's a great place, great new food in the dining room. It's going to be sensational. And fat rich is going to mind his own business. Keep his nose clean and stay in his place or guess what rich you're out. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, thank God. Sometimes that we live in a bush town. All my fiance wanted for her birthday was tickets to the Dawson. I bought him today. All right. Thanks to this guy, he put us over the top now. You can see the game on Sunday. Unbelievable. Man tickets, available. They, I think they were giving them away. The channel six, we're going to buy them all up again. Yeah, that's, that's what they said. They didn't want the announcement to be too obvious because then they realized everybody stopped buying them. Every time somebody says, oh, well, you know, there's those and if you all I remember that playoff game, wait, I think they were like an 85 or so. And they couldn't sell out a playoff game. It was blacked out. Yeah, they were saying. It was personally, well, this is a playoff game for God's sake. Yep. They moved it and they're out. And they started off for another. They only other feeded team left in the whole national football league. Everybody's talking a big game Super Bowl and in the meantime, they can't sell a game. What does it take? My God, they push it back to four o'clock. The NFL must have, they must have been embarrassed to say, hey, all right. We'll give them one more chance. Yeah, yeah, they don't make it now. I don't know what to try out one more time. Okay. How about if we give you a $10.00 ticket and it was Wayne? If you sold it up, I kick off. We'll give you a 10. And next time Wayne gets him insider trading information, he'll give you a phone call. There you go. Thank you. Okay. Do I pal? We have an open line of dates. 7.5. Let's see. Who the Patriots play over the Broncos? Cheese. Patriots do suck, but you know, you got to stick with your loser. No matter what, it is just like the angels. Okay. How do they do? I guarantee the angels will give it an Yankees a better shot than these Mariners. Oh, are they? Although Randy Johnson will mow them down. That'll be that's the no-brainer. 147 a W.I.O.D. Columbus Day comes only once a year. Just like many people in the audience. And this offer only comes once a year. This week and this week only, standard brands is arranged through their lenders. Special liberal financing for you. This is one place where the word liberal is not a dirty word. An excessive over $3 million of easy financing has been allocated to standard brands for their customers during this sale. So this week only qualified buyers put zero money down on all electronics and appliances. Zero down by Smith's Abishy. Zero down by his Maytag. Zero down by Zid at standard brands. So why pay retail? You can shop the other guys if you want to waste the time, but don't forget standard brands guarantees you the lowest price. They've got all the top names and electronics and appliances. And this week, zero down by what you want at standard brands. And don't miss this special financing offer going on right now in Fort Lutterdale on federal highway. Just North of Oakland Park Boulevard in Pompado Beach on Atlantic just to quote a mile west of I-95 next to Carls. And the coral springs on university drive just north of Atlantic Boulevard and Dan Marinos town tavern. Don't forget nobody beats a standard brands deal. From the time they found the bodies to the words O.J. has been dying to hear. The best radio news team in South Florida brought you the trial of this century. The surgery in the American Title X. You find a continued or job or in Belgium. Since then, not guilty of the time of murder. The best news. News talking entertainment radio. 16 W.I.O.D. A kill in the cold. I have no life. I have no penis. It's the most terrifying TV show since the X-Five. Now, Schloss takes you for a terrifying ride into the future on. Politics. Twenty-twenty-five. Generation X is all grown up. And now those noncommunicative underachievers are in politics. And in present, what is your planned battle unemployment? Like duh. Next question. Politics. Twenty-twenty-five. How will Washington function when every issue can be explained with one syllable? Mr. Speaker, can the Democrats ever regain power in Congress? Yeah. Politics. Twenty-twenty-five. Looks ahead. Behind the scenes in the White House. Madam President, what is our economic policy? Whatever. Could you clarify that? Whatever. Politics. Twenty-twenty-five. This fall on Schloss. We've seen the future India. Stocks. Yeah. Okay. One-fifty. One-fifty. Do we only got eight more minutes to O.J. We better hurry here. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Am I on? You're on. You're on. You're on. You got your radio on and you're back and you're going to drive us both crazy. Okay. Turn that baby down. I'll turn it off. Okay. My head tonight, or the town meeting the other night, and one thing that really bothered me, that no one ever even brought up. There was black men coming up. They're on part of the black business, league, and all that other stuff. And on the black men's association. Nobody, you know, if a white person would have gone up there and said, I'm part of the white men's association or anything like that, that would have been racist or bigaditter or air. Okay. Let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. I was reading a sentinel today about McDonald's and uproar with a Israelis. Well, that's right. You know, something I brought that in. I never had a chance to bring it up about the cheeseburgers in Jerusalem. And of course, you can't have cheese with the meat, man. And they're pissed off over there now. It's trade, baby. How do you like that? I don't know. I think Donald, he had a cheeseburger today. Huh? I think OJ, he's fine with a dolphins, ex, and then we'll be called the killer asses. Okay. Whatever. Yeah. Stick with the cheeseburgers. Yeah, you saw that. And he had a cheeseburger. You're going to burn in Hell, Mr. I'll tell you that right now. All I can say is, oh, yeah, they had a bit of, sir. That's a serious story. It was a big big thing in a paper today about that about the open McDonald's in Jerusalem. And the observant Jews over there who, like, observe the dietary laws about that. The milk is in the flesh. You don't need to meet with the milk products. And you separate it. I mean, oh, it's...