I don't know either. I've never treated anyone unkindly in my life. Obviously, like don't mistake about it, you're real sweetheart. And you know, even my girlfriend that works at the A&Sian Shaxon. Yeah. He has hit her, it's your mother. So what do you think it is? What's the reason for this? I think it's after the heart rate. I think everyone wants the room. Yeah. I think I think the hurricane literally blew their brains out. I think so. Yeah. It blew really fast. You're right. But all I know is, also like the broadcasting business. I used to be a member of the TV, just like the other side. Yeah. I remember, and new lighting very well. Yeah. I was going to keep in touch with a lot of the people in far more hands. And now watching them. Let me first do that. Yeah. I love this. See, the audience is wondering how come, let me go on. So I'm just curious, how long this can go on. Go ahead. You got all the time you want. Oh, no. I think you are super terrific. And I'm glad you're not really amazing. Oh, yeah. Well, up until this call, I had changed my mind. But I mean, have to make it soon. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Don't think anything about it. Okay. I've seen them come and go. Okay. I'll do it. Say goodbye. Bye-bye. See, there was nothing wrong with that. It was a nice, short call right to the point. We have an open line in date, 751 is pay phone. I'm telling you, if there's someone enterprising person out there in this audience. It's got a little bit of electronic expertise, man. That's where it's at. Somebody come up with a guy named pay phone that you understand what's on the other end. Can't understand a guy named where they're saying on any of them. And that was a Southern Bell one. Oh, whatever. We're saying, well, everybody, everybody, their brothers making a pay phone. That's got nothing to do with this. There's just something basically intrinsic and a whole guy named thing. They just suck. They blow. You can't understand. And didn't use to be that way. This is just something that started very recently. Probably Castro got something to do with that. And you'll be finding out about that during coyote this weekend. Still haven't been invited by the way. And I feel really pissed off. You think I would go off the invited me to coyote, you're right. I would not. Here's, and it's got nothing to do with ethnicity. It's just, what the hell am I going to do there? What am I going to do there? Dance around like some kind of a little fruit cake. I can stay at home and do that on the treadmill. I'm going to have to go down to coyote, I need a bunch of ethnic food, which I don't like Cuban food. How come we can't have? Don't they have a thing called, in four-laterdale? They have a thing called a taste of four-laterdale. You know what I'm talking about? I don't know when it is. And of course, when you're trying not to get any weight, that that's not the kind of thing you're like, oh, well, here's what it is, please come and eat everything inside. But that's the kind of thing that's fun when you have like a, an ethnic festival that has all different ethnic stuff. As opposed to just kind of like one dimensional with a lot of beans and rice and, oh, oh, those black beans, man, just to thought of it. It looks like it's already been eaten, trust me when I tell you. It looks like it's been pre-tried and it wasn't so good the first time. It's like that refried beans. Oh, god, mushy. You like that crap, huh? You like, yeah. Refried beans? Yeah, and black beans. What does that mean, exactly? Refried beans. First they cook them, then they fry them. Ah, yeah. And then they blow them out there in that order. Yeah. They're mushy. Refried beans, yeah. Ah, they have the many mushy. And then they fry them, yeah. And I thought that Mexicans were bigger than that, which is why so many Mexicans, they were that bad. I can think, humans don't have refried beans. Oh, they don't? No, just have black beans, which are great. Which are even worse. Oh, which are even worse, man. Like I said, the last beans. Oh, that onions are just a look at that. You could puke all over your shoe and look at it black bean. On these steaks. No, I don't. A lot of human food is a lot of trouble. Human food is not good. It's excellent. Mexican food is good. Yeah, that too. Yeah. Puerto Ricans don't have any food. They're too busy with switch blades. They haven't got any food. Canadians don't have any food. They got their spam. No, no, no, they have one. They call it their smoked meat. They call for strommie smoked meat. Because they're kind of constipated. And for strommie sounds too Jewish. Anyway, it's 11.35 in W.I.O.D. I can't worry. I heard it. I better you serve. What if it is? What if it is? What if it is? So, don't you know. I mean, there's been two points already. On that side. And you know some, that steaks. The S radio from sign-on to sign-off. And I can't believe. I mean, fuckers are on its own. For a six-mailers say, What if it is the S radio? Or is it the S radio? He would be in the budget if the S radio. Excuse me. What if we take the S radio? What if we take the S radio? What if we take the S radio? What if the S radio? Yeah. Is he leaving? No, but I was a fool. Yeah, right. Yeah, right. Yeah, right. Get in very emotional and very upset. I can tell the difference between posing and reality, man. That's the real thing. He's letting it get to him. Don't let him get to you, Hank. Even though you are full of crap. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, some clients from Miami Beach. Happy anniversary. I welcome back. And what? Another, you're not leaving. Thank you so much. There's something going on on Miami Beach at the recreation department that I think the public needs to know. There's a gentleman. We have a celebrity guest in the studio there. I got you down. There she is. She's working on a shower prick right now. Oh, is that what you came in here for to get one of those? I thought you'd already have your own library at home. She's got every model they've ever made. And her hugged an eight to a happy about it either by the way. Right. Go ahead sir. What is it? I can't understand a damn thing you're saying. What is it? There's something going on at the recreation department at the city of Miami Beach that is somewhat unauthidoc. There's a gentleman named Charlie Newton that has been working with the city of Miami. It's working with the city of Miami Beach and coordinating all your sports in the 1978. Yeah. Is this going to be something really ponderous in terminal because it's starting out that way? Well, like really boring. No, actually it's quite interesting. Channel 7 is going to do a new story on it last night and it got bumped off. Well, what is it? I'll tell you one thing. Your first show is as good as she looks. She'd have a hell of a show. I'll tell you that. Yeah. There's. She's still looks pretty good. Oh, there were kids that were told that they were not allowed to play. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen, go on work on it. Okay. You're killing the show. This guy get out of here. We have an open line in date. 7 519463. Here's Boka. Hello. Me or God. Yes sir. Are you. What is it? Get out of here. We have an open line on the Green Line. 1 800 944 9463. 1 in the date. 7 5 1 WIOD. You know, it's interesting. That wasn't the attain nice man because I saw him at the game last night. Now does that. Did we ever met him before the husband? Okay. I think we've just solved the entire problem. Now I haven't seen her in summer since the day before she started whenever it held out was quite a couple months ago. And at the time I said she looks great. She's got a great ass. She's got the ample whatever whatever you want. She's got plenty of it. And she looks pretty good. And you know something she does. The only problem is she looks fake. Do you know what I'm talking about? She looks fake. In other words, there's something about that face. It just, I don't, maybe I'm not putting it towards. But forgetting about what she looks like. She looks pretty good. But her husband. Now is anybody remember tiny Tim? His name is Tim. Exactly. I worth my cave. That's why she ain't doing it no more. That's why she's so against everybody else doing it. Because she's afraid they're going to be doing it with somebody who looks like him. Oh my god, I feel so much better about myself already. That is a strange looking dude. That is a bizarre. That is what is it. He's got blonde like, frizzy. It's tiny Tim and drag. Maybe he just lost 30 years. It's a young tiny. It's tiny Tim Jr. Make no mistake about it. So next time you call you're in Goeasy Honour. Okay? Because it's tiny Tim. Let's do a pop-in-o. Hello. Hi Neil. Oh, if you could have seen this guy. You know, but you get nervous when you talk all the stuff about people they meet and face the face. No. You're not just, she was just standing right in there. What are you talking about? I know, but I'm just telling me what if you saw Joe Surrell in person. He didn't even jump that. You didn't try to strike. Let me tell you something. When they announced the line-ups before the game last night, they announced not in line-up tonight. Number two, Joe Surrell. Well, there was an ovation in that crowd. The likes of which I've never heard in my life. So Joe would have to take on all a section 125. Yeah, well, it's, you know, I don't know. I know if I talked bad about something. He talks. Look at, let's face it. When you're getting paid a lot of money to perform, don't you think that you're open to criticism? In other words, people are only supposed to say good things about you. Yeah, but if you go out there and you think that you're going out and somebody says you suck, then you either either try to improve your quality of play or you go out and do something that you can do. Yeah, like dig diggers or something. I just, you know, it's one thing to say about it. It struck me. I call you all the time and I rip apart Joe's thriller, but either the know who I am. So I can go out there. I don't care if you know who I am. I met Joe Surrell at Pompano Park. I think Joe's a hell of a good guy. I like Joe Surrell. But that's personal and this is business. There's a lot of guys I like, but that doesn't mean I want to play on my hockey team. Do you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. I like this guy's Steve from Plantation that we met at the game last night. They don't mean I want to go out there playing on Left Wing with the three Barnes. You never know, might be an improvement. It could be. And by the way, speaking of that, how come we got this great kid Garpent Law, which they had the original line set up last Saturday, which we still never have seen that line. You know how most teams that have a coach with a brain, they have one big line. Like the like the penguins, they got Francis and set her between Yager and Robotie, which is, that's their great line. Those are the right now. They're three best players on one big dangerous line. Okay. So why don't we have the original line? The original line was going to be two Barnes between Melodyby and Garpent Law. We've never had that line. They've never played one shift together. That was Roger Nielsen's a moron. Why did they have Andre Lamoc and out there trying to, why did they have a monster? Why did they have a monster? Why did they have a monster period? They haven't out there in the power play when they should have their best guys out there all the time. And how come we didn't get that Rob good row who looks awful good to me for a lot of a man. He was out there on air power play and this kid's a great player. And we could have had him for nothing in a waver draft. And Brian Murray says, Oh, well, there was nobody that we wanted. He was going to be a break. Are you still working on that marvelous, well, we deal with that. Oh, no, he's good though. I like Jason Wolley. He's playing pretty good. He's pretty good player. He's a rock good row. He's not. You're right. Last but not least, Neil. Did you get a chance to listen to the tape I sent you? I want. Did you? I've won. It was a story that I wrote. No, no, you called me there. You're going to call me every day about this? Or do you just call me yesterday about this? I just gave a for you. I'll get to it man. I'll get to it. I'll get back to you Diana. All right. I just, you know, it was important to me. And I wanted to give it away to people. If they like it, and your opinion is very important. Well, just relax. All right. I'll keep holding it and I'll relax. You know Joe Surella. Hang in there, pal. Yeah. Calm down. Please. We have an open line in Broward 524. So yeah, Aaron was in here with her husband. And he's a very, oh, geez. I can't imagine that she's doing it with that. No, and she went in there and George has got all these water. Ox. She wanted it. She wanted it right there. She said she wanted it. And if you were married to something like that, you'd probably wanted all day long. No wonder she sounds depraved and depraved. Why does she hangs out all day with her water pick? She did really want it? Yes, so I gave her Matt's card. Oh, man. When she saw that power, the that power switch. Oh, my God. Absolutely. When she saw that turbo pulse, she just went ape shot. She was jumping up and down like Rumble still. Can you could almost feel it in the air? Is she, is she lost weight or am I memory just bad? She looks awfully skinny. Well, she's the same skinny. Yeah, tall, six feet tall. Tall and skinny. So how can she be tall and skinny and have a great ass? That part isn't skinny. Oh, she has a great big ass. It widenes at that point. Oh, I see. Kind of like the Grand Canyon. Okay. So George said that she's a tall and very skinny and her husband is ugly. And she's got a big ass. Anyway, 130. And that what you just said at W.Y.O.D. After my nine y'all that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. Tonight on ABC, experience, Christmas, the NYBD Blue Way. But naked and wrong. Silvia, I'm fucking home. Whoops. You're naked. And the I'm so fucking glad to see you. I have a fucking surprise. Of course you fucking naked. Not that. It's all there. Oh, you got me a fucking Christmas present. That's so fucking sweet. Thanks. You're shit. Hold big ass. Hold bag and fucking fucking motherfucking poop. I'm at my pleasure. Hey, let's. I better remove my holster. It's Ronsi Fund for everyone. NYBD Blue. That Christmas special. Tonight right after Luther Campbell's Christmas Carol on ABC. By the way, better clarify something from yesterday because we don't want to give it no misinformation on this show. And that is that you of them graduate. Did he graduate? Well, whatever. What is that? Listen to that thing. That baby's going nuts. Warren sat. He did not do no drug. Oh, well, that's what the NFL says. Times the New York Times says he did. And ESPN says he did. He tested positive for marriage. You winy. And what would it be? Sports said that he tested positive for cocaine. And they also said that James Stewart. Remember that movie rear window? He was great in that with Grace Kelly. They said he tested positive for the wicked weed. But the NFL and the U of M's. No, no, no, no. You're making it up and quit the messin with our livelihood. So you believe whoever you want to believe. And that's the way that goes. Okay. So anyway, getting back to that thing about the NBA. If you want. But the magic car great and they got a great team. And of course, Miami being as lucky as we are. They wind up getting the damn heat and they stink that you want out. And they get different owner every couple of weeks and different coach every few months. And everybody beliex about it. And that's Miami. So it fits in like a glove. But I'm just not into a sport where they're like no white guys plan. It's just not something I'm interested in. In addition to which all the even the white guys are like a bunch of seven foot Goons, jam and a basketball. They looked at when you look down to stuff the ball in the basketball. Then you know things are gotten a little bit out of hand. So a screw it. I will watch some of the NCAAs though because that's now there's some good College ball. But if I am watching a game that does this make me a racist. If I'm watching a game, I'm coming across the satellite. All those games are on there. By the way, everyone of them. And you watch a game and you turn on and there's everybody. There's ten black guys out there on the court. And I turned it off. Does that make me a racist? It does? Yeah. Okay. Here's a mobile in for a lot of deal. Hello. Hello, Niels. Can we get a how you doing? Okay. This is I after that. Man, what do you ever have a good phone? It's a good phone. stubby junior. It's a good phone. It's the worst phone. Really? That's what it sounds like. How about now? It's a crappy phone. I thought it was a way out. Okay. But in the meantime. No, just throw it away. I can't just throw it away. How can these people leave? Do you mean there were one minutes left to go? Well, like at a time. One leg at a time. This is Miami, Palgate used to it. I'm here. It's incredible. I'm delighted. We can get out of there now in 20 seconds. Band, no problem. They all look all opiniony as cars that are locking your car in there. They're all gone. You're back up. You're zip out of there. You're gone in no problem at all. You think you're sure it changed when you moved that place or it's not. No, my what it's what does it got to do with where it is. It's the mentality of the public here, man. When it's time to go, they go. It's time to go. When a game starts and you see all those thousands of empty seat last night, I was going nuts. I thought, god, how can this be? I mean, this looks like Hartford for quite a lot. It's a claim starts and there's like maybe seven or eight thousand people in the stand. And there's six thousand other assholes wandering around somewhere. Show the baby to you. Yeah, it wasn't that great. It wasn't that great. I left where I thought I was. Shampoo polish there with his little baby. I need him like I need him roads. How can there be a good that I should. I mean, I was for that. I can believe it. I thought I had to teach me. I'm dreaming. I know. I just I I was a pit. I was really forming at the mouth. I said, what is that? What kind of a greasy goal is that? What kind of a way to end the game is that? I mean, the whole game they're in a coma. And then they give one crappy shot the guy just shooting it in really just a bouncing little piece of crap from the blue line. There's nobody in between him and the beasor. And oops, there it is. It's in the night and goodbye. He's going after 70 feet. Yeah. 70 feet in criticize. A guy who's caliber that steps steps up. What does it have a good thing? And back to you. Okay, bye. Maybe now we know why Mike Richter is playing for the rain. Little bit about a turner. One more time. Anyway, what can you do? You know, you went some you loose some and some you just give away. Here's Volca. Hello. Yeah. Bunger. Bunger. Yeah. That's me six cars. Six dollars. Why is that? Why might it sound my boss's son? But anyway, couple things are talking about seeing that moving fat. Yeah. Well, it got off the pretty fat store. My name is Val. Yeah. I've been over way most of my life. So, you know, you sell a lot of water. Yeah. But anyway, about the Nazi cops. Yeah. And during the summer, I was on a 4,000 mile drive. I need you. Yeah. About a 4,000 mile bike drive between here for Montenegro, New York, and Central Rangers. Yeah. And I met my cousin's husband. He's a newer, superior. Yeah. And we wrote our bike up to Lake Jewish New York. And it's funny you have a license pack that has anything to do with your business. Not the party. Yeah. And, yeah, in my cousin's husband's house, he has all this paraphernalious. All those things that clenched his thoughts and was in the motel of the New York, and caught in my comp. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm not saying a well. Yep. The Nazis are out in the garage. I am not. Okay. Well, thanks a lot for your set of lighting call. We have two open lives. And both on the green lines. I think that guy just cleaned those babies out. 1,800, 944, 9463, 1,800, 944, WIOD, between now and noon, we're giving away those great panther tickets, and the dinner for two at the 1800 club, and the round trip on the bus, and a partridge in a pair of tree, and a day with Denise Potbant, and etc. And so on. And some silk panties once worn by Wayne Heiser, I think. Here's a pop at OB, Chillow. Hey, Neil. I hear it. Okay. All right. Come in. Hold for a day and one time there. You can tell me when the countery play was in there coming here at all. They're not because they're in the Western Conference. Why would they be coming here? We got the shortened season. And if you went to Stoodhockey fan, you would know that we're not playing the Western Conference. Oh, sir. Okay. Well, those wanted me to tell me, I heard the day when I was moved. They're coming here at the same time. The maple leaves are coming and the same Lewis Blues and the black hogs. And the Winnipeg Jets in Vancouver, Conucks. And the mighty ducks in the San Jose Sharks. And the black hogs. Okay. And the Dallas Stars. I do not. You can tell me. Hello. I'm here. Okay. I was wondering if you could tell me, you heard some rumors about them wanting to try them. Bees brought. I was wondering what you think last night's performance would have had it. What affected it? Nothing that they do makes any sense. I mean, I have no idea. And a Roger Nielsen continues to love Joe Surwell. And he puts him out there. He played one good period in the third period last night. And actually, through a couple of checks. And now he'll be playing every damn day. I can't explain what they're going to do. They should have traded as much as I like him as good as he is. They should have traded him a long time ago. This team needs scoring. They got the big defenseman from Sweden. This went in God coming and going to play maybe tomorrow. That's great. But we don't need more defensemen. We need scoring. Maybe that's what we need and have a great day. And I'll see you at the Calgary game. We have an open line in Broward 5249463524Wild524. Jim Dury is God. So anyway, the blade run a girl. She and Janet never miss a thing that Esther. Remember, yesterday I was talking about Craig Simpson and Alexander Morgildi on Buffalo. And she comes there breathless between the periods. Well, between her, between somebody's periods. And man, I said, Roger, check out Craig Simpson during the warm-up. She was hyperventilate. Oh my God. Ah, ah, ah, ah. She couldn't even speak Esther. She was speechless and breathless. And poor Craig Simpson man, his pretty push almost got messed up by Surrella last night. He let him have a shot in the chop. It was a beer. At a boy Joe, we knew you headed in and now pack up and get out of here. You suck. It's 1135 at W.I.O.D. And the time it takes to say, pro-paging, you could have gotten your message already. Give a guide to you. You got somebody in the family saying, How a thing, a birthday coming up real soon is one of those great pubic cubes. I got you there. Here's a four-letter nail on the purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let's sit down between a black guy and a color guy to tell me. What are you talking about? About that lady. What was she talking about? What lady? Don't worry about her. Don't waste it at the time snoring with that bitch. Don't worry about her. That was great, Neil. Yeah, it was really good. I have a, I lived at you to take a dog to. Yeah. I have a golden retriever. Yes. He's 13 years old. Wow. We had a problem with the years when she was a puppy. And I don't remember what he gave through. What he did to her. But 441 animal hospital. Dr. Matthew. 441 animal hospital. 411 animal hospital. It's between Broward and Peter's. Oh, 41-module. Chief dealer there. Dr. What? Dr. Matthews. Yeah, Eddie. Eddie Matthews. So, I think I need to be a base for the brave. Exactly. Okay. Thanks. I think I want to see you. Open line on a purple line. Now we're starting to get some doggy help here. That's what I want. Forget about all this other crap. God, that gets to be so pondressing. You go and you waste all this money. Well, we got this operation we'd like to do. And it's really very safe. And it's only $700. And, you know, the vets eyeballs are rolling around like a guy named Pinball machine. Every time I, oh, it's only $700. I know it's quite an investment. But if you love your dog, give me the money now. In fact, forget about the operation. Just give me the goddamn money. You know, the other night the game was so enjoyable. Even though, you know, wasn't the greatest game in the world. We wound up losing it. It was enjoyable till we gave up that greasy goal. And I kept wondering why we haven't such a good time tonight. And it's because there were some people who weren't there. Can't we all just get along, Neil? Yeah. What do you want, Andy Moss? I just call in the say hi in the chronic. Huh? I got a high degree. Actually, the reason I'm talking to you or not. Where were you at the other night? Where were you on Tuesday? I had, I had to be somewhere. Somewhere secret, Clandestin? Very, Clandestin. Okay. But I'll be there tonight. And I expect a big panther's win. Panthers for caps one. Hi, I news for. If we score four goals against Jim Kere, you can put it on the front page of the Goddamn New York Times tomorrow. 41 Panthers anyway. Oh, chance. The reason I was called. Now, his Roger Nealson going to play that sweet. That's Winston, kid, that I because if he doesn't, they're going to be massive revolts and the stands. I'll tell you that. I don't know if we'd ever play. If we don't have Keith Brown and Sven, Sven, Sven, what a Bruce name is. Plan defense instead of Joseph, well, and Brian Baying tonight. There's going to be serious trouble in that goddamn arena. I'm going to be responsible for it. Good. I'm telling you. Anyway, I was calling because I realized that just as I was calling on the room, I wanted to call them Jeff and Oslo Panther buddies to punch you. Okay, get out of here, Andy. Let's go to a lady. I see this, you know, something you talk about said. We were, uh, John was telling me about this. It was a game not too long ago. Andy Moss invited himself to sit in to a Bob Green seats that were empty with some blood plug friend of his and they're sitting there. And Jeff Moss, Mr. one, uh, same brown suit for 20 years punk, is standing over there by the next section, no, in the doorway. The whole game, this one, is looking at the other one and they're waving back and forth. Not like brothers like kind of boyfriends or something. That was that all about. And now he calls up so because you know, his Jeff is on the road and him and his little asshole, but he's going to hear him on it. Cut the crap, Andy, and grow up already, you stupid bastard. Jesus, God, all my quit using the show is a place. It makes me nauseous. And don't come anywhere near our seats tonight or you'll be escorted out. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, can you help me? Yes, I can. Can you hear me? Okay. Yeah, I'm in the office. But why, oh, that's why you're whispering. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now do you remember why you don't do, um, top, plastic? Yes, I do. But I don't care. I still have no regrets. I think the last couple of days of what I had to say was important, even if the collar's weren't. Yeah, just, just, um, there's, let's face it. I got the prejudices that they all had. Wait, that's my point. That's my point. And when, uh, from an adjournment sits on there, it makes the statement that he's never used the end word in the last 10 years. You know, he's full of crap. Well, maybe it's the same on the occasion of it. Maybe it's there. Maybe it's a big piece of meat. That maybe he says spooker something like that. Or smokey or cloud or, uh, cune. So, maybe it doesn't like to say nigger. Yeah, maybe he doesn't. Or here's my role in spot, yeah. Maybe the therapy, uh, decided not to, uh, that might have done it. You might have gotten a new word. They might have done a little lobotomy there in the Genki and word right out of his brand. I just, I just don't understand. They don't know why people can't just pick it up. They're on their own. They can't do it. They cannot do it. I brought this up yesterday. You would have thought that, uh, I had leprosy. They were running away from the show, like, uh, it were terrified. This is like, uh, when you find out you have a problem. You're on your way to all of the get. And they don't even know they have to go. Right. Exactly. I'll keep it now. Have a great day. Bye. The whispering lady. We have an open line in day, 7.5.1. Where is that guy from the Rogaine spot that was just on the again? He said he wants to know. I'd be glad to tell him anything he wants, baby. I'm just a money that I blew it to track last night. You know, that's fat rich. I'm going to tell you this guy and he likes to play Mr. innocent. He lost his ass there last night, which he would lie about that too, but I know he did. And he just keeps giving me this bogus, just shut up and do all your little numbers and talk to all your good little friends and let me lose my own way. Okay. Love the 7 horse and the metal lands at that one race. On the eight, D.A.D.s got the it talks me off of that horse. The seven was getting clean finishes second ones. The hell of a race. The eight is nowhere to be found. Starts talking to try to think of the driver's show down. The only Tennessee and Jeff Gregory are finishing one, two and just about every race. Mark, I'll tell me this and Mark, I'll tell me that and sign me up and he's up there, bed and his brains up. I plunge my brains on that horse. He's still hitting again, Mark. Beat him again. That's it. Hit him right where they won't don't shine. That's it. Hit him right where they did the operation and see if that helps. See, I know my enlusion. I do mind losing because somebody else opens up a big mouth when they don't know what they're talking about. But runs around a place, telling everybody that they're a guy damn expert. That just crossed my fat ass. You don't understand fat cell? 146 at W.I.O.D. Attention, Kendall Toyota needs fresh trades now. They're ready to pay big this weekend. If you got a car you're willing to trade, you've got big bargaining power to get a new Toyota. Because not only will Kendall Toyota give this week's black book price for your trade, they will also give you a check for two grand to do whatever it has you want with a stick wherever you like. That's an extra two grand to put in the bank pay off your credit cards by a treadmill. You can even use it to the down payment on your new Toyota. Only Kendall Toyota gives it this week's official black book rough price for your trade, plus a check for two grand. Kendall Toyota on US-1 just out the day line. You can call and check it out at 1-800-873 Toyota and get all the tails. Okay. Just home like I have a bond of it. You're doing the Mr. Moms thing today. Yeah. That call before. Yes sir. I got a couple things. One request that I have. Just out of the way. Take that check in the box and put it in the box and bury it. Yeah. That's getting a two month old week for you. Wait. They're coming. They're coming. You know that I had a couple of two facts yesterday. The one thing to hear that again. Oh no. I mean, how can that still be funny? How can it even even remotely humorous at this point? I got it. When they could take a jacket in the box and stick it with the fries. When you put it on, I change the station. I can't even with anymore. Well, I came up to you. I hate tuning up. I have a woman that works for me and I turned around to you last year. And she absolutely loves you. She says her day isn't complete. If she doesn't hear your voice. And she wants to compile your house. You know it's where you live in the acres. Yeah. And she says she's willing to even give you her 16 year old son. Well, a little bit too young for me sir. He's a good lucky. He looks like Orlando. Well, a little bit too illegal and too young for me sir. And tell her to get a life. Okay. Before you go. Michael Jackson's number. Yeah. Two quickly questions. Yeah. One new and one old. The new one. The Uranus commercial. And the old one. The magic fight. Magic. But it sounds to me like your head is in one place. Have a great day. Well, and put you up and we'll help you bail out. Yeah. She wants to give me. It's like they're woman on the, on the Haraldos show. I'd be proud to have my son molested by Michael Jackson. If your car's life is over. Go see Ben Dover. You'll realize what you had was pain. When you hop in and ride your A. Oh yeah. You've enjoyed driving Mercury. You loved your Saturn. Now come and dig Uranus. Love that new car smell. Nothing smells like Uranus. The penability. No one has ever got stuck in Uranus. Say the punch of me. Go rage. Ben Dover and ride your A. And if you like a car that holds the road. You couldn't wipe out Uranus if you tried. Uranus. Powerful. Yet great with gas. Need trunk space. Rest assured you can pack anything in Uranus. And if Uranus is rear ended. Our well-lover kidded joints. Blue Sultan the blow. Come to our showroom and pick out Uranus. And leave that messy paperwork to us. Check out Uranus. Take the dive like great blue. Gain a bend over and ride Uranus. Here's Volca. Hello. You're certain. Hey, you listen. First time I call you as couple. You're just gonna wonder. One of the videos of boy or two. Yeah. Kind of tie it was a great opportunity to call you as a big deal. I took that table for a thing. He was a huge job that right in there. Yeah. Then I put the tape in. And my wife was a little appalled at first. But I'll tell you. Paul, it was. The fact that I won a. What kind of guy is this? It's the kids' way of pouring off. What was wrong with that? Well, it was. Why she watched it for a while. She loved it. There you go. And it changed our lives. Your show. So it was great. Yeah. I realized it must be pretty boring. If one porno tape changed. I didn't pay a couple of guys on there. I think I got him in half. I was there. It was a forum team. I'm not sure. But there's some big individuals there. Good tape. Great. Thank you. Okay. Bye. See ya. Boy, don't take much to satisfy some of these people. Literally. Colorig is gone by the way. Georgia just thought I mentioned that. Here's Poppo. Hello. Hello, Neo. Yes. Hey. I got two things for you. Why are you screaming? I'm sorry. You're a shrill man. Well, you know why? I got a cold and I didn't want to sound. It's clogged. It's a cold today. I got the fungus among us. Oakland Park and Andrews is a great great animal hospital. Shank animal hospital. I was at Park and Andrews. I'm not going over there. Well, it's a little out of your way. But I tell you what. They got a guy that groomed the dog there. Wouldn't believe unbelievable. What? He looks good. Oh, God. Now I'm going. First I got a woman is bringing me her 16 year old son. So I can go straight to jail. And then I'm going to go over to the vet. I'm going to take my dog over there. So I can look at the guy who does the grooming. Yeah, you're talking about the little pink one. Yeah, I bet. He already got that and not much else, believe me. Absolutely. And that is a problem taken over here. Funny story for you. There's a little video store called Beach Video, right? Or where I live in Pompano and right by the beach. And there was a trainer from Pompano Park who ordered four gay. Pornal Flicks. Really? Concerts. Incredible. So you figured out who that is. I'm right. And one thing's going to kick ass tonight. I hope so. Game on, pal. See you. Have a great day. Bye. Okay. Well, we'll probably ask Wally. He'll know the answer that. By the way, I want to say it again. If you were watching the driver's showdown at Pompano Park last night, the first week of our EW competition was very exciting, very competitive. Jeff Gregory did a great job. Wally, Tennessee did beat him out. And I'll say it again. Gary Mills gets to assist. Just like I got to go in a hockey game. He gets to assist. And it'll be interesting to see if Wally can win some races when Gary Mills isn't in the same race during the rest of the competition. Here's the Hollywood. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. First time calling. All right. I listen to every day of everything that you say about people is unbelievably true. It is. I can't believe it. I'm a very proud occasion, guys. Absolutely. Correct. Yes. We went down a key west in my wife. Get away from everything. Get it up. Turn around and come to ride back. Yeah. Those people's canans are living down there. It looks like they're packed everywhere. It's a good place for them. Yeah, right. I'll never go down there. I've never been there. I have no interest in going. But question of what the common I had was. He talked about the vet. Any service place you go to for anything. Your car or anything. They don't know anything. So what do you have? So where do you go then? We don't go. I don't know. Every time I try to get worked on or ask somebody a question, they're just they're illiterate. They don't know. I really don't know. Yeah. My mother, I guess you just did your car and maybe just leave your dog in it would be a good idea. I'm going to do it yourself. Yeah. All right. Nice. Good show. Thanks for the uplifting comment. Thanks for the. See you. Okay. There's a guy that's got me very optimistic about the future of the human race. Here's my any. Hello. Yes sir. Yes, I am. Yeah. I had the same problem with my dog a couple of years ago. Yeah. And no veterinarian will ever recommend any type of nutritional therapy for any kind of infectious. Oh, you're not going to step pedally. You know, what I started using was calcium and scorbate and it got rid of it in about three days. I just sprinkled it on his food. Calcium and scorbate. Yeah. It's easy on your stomach type of vitamin C. Yeah. It's also the cheapest time you can get. Do you mean like human? Yeah. Human vitamins. You make their own vitamins. Yeah. But I mean, you need it in large doses to kill an infection, but it works real percent. And I've used it on my horses. Really? Oh, it works. Calcium and scorbate. Calcium and scorbate. Yeah. And then I've got about 2, 3000 milligrams a day just sprinkling it on his food. Now, this is not going to give him diarrhea. Because I'm concerned about his ear, but I'm also concerned about my carpets. Well, no, it might a little bit. It carpets are a lot more important to me than it's stupid dogs ear. Yeah. I kept my dog inside ahead. You know, I had to let him out a little more often. It wasn't uncontrolled. You had to let him out a little more often. I sound into good. But if you don't want a human being takes too much vitamin C, you don't want to happen to immediately don't you? Yeah. But it worked within three days. What did Dr. Linus and Pauli? The infection started to go. It stopped dripping. It stopped having a clean his ears. And within like a week, he was Steve. He didn't tilt his head anymore because he was in the morning. Oh, yeah. That drives me nuts. Oh, no. They've walked on a sideways. Yeah. He kind of side-settle. Yeah. But anyway, I rid of it within a week. Okay. I'll do this job. Thanks. You best. Okay. Why'd you get your vet painted yellow? So if anybody out there has got a problem with a dripping problem, a little calcium iscorbate. I got you there. We'll make it go immediately. You'll even know it for Aaron on it because a lot of the guys call her show. Got a dripping problem. So tell them about two milligrams, a two grams of calcium iscorbate every day. Just sprinkle it on would be good. And of course, don't forget the one other ingredient that will really make it go over the top. Look at that. This thing is the biggest piece of crap. I wouldn't wish this piece of equipment on my goddamn little dog. That's the funny tune. God.