to be a good day. And we just got a memo here and it just goes to show you that if you're under enough stress and pressure you eventually crack. From Steve Nichol. It says. What is that? Wow, it says, um, tomorrow. I'm not going to be here. Phil's not going to be here. Both going to wait for a long holiday weekend. Even though it's yeah, it's a holiday. Right? It's veterans day, right? They're going to be people not working to mark us. It's holiday. So I'm not working. It says instead of playing four hours of the best of Neil tomorrow, we're going to play one hour between 10. Are you, uh, you know, this year. I went. I just found out right now. 10 and 11 a morning and then they'll air the worst of Randy. Randy Rhodes last show. The worst of Randy are you ready for that? Is that the one where she said, I think so. If you didn't hear herself destruction of your half ago, now's your chance. Boy, that's really nasty and vicious and mean. Ain't it? Well, it's where it goes. And after Randy will do the best to fill. So in other words, what he's really saying is that we don't have enough tapes since I'm going on vacation at the end of next week. Anyway, we don't want to like play him 45 times. So we'll play the worst of Randy. Just as a stork, just as a stick at the back, we'll turn it in there and little twisted and we'll yank it, etc. Okay. Okay. Anyway, it's a 10 past 10 of that. So you IOD, happy Friday too. Look at that set or one total, baby. 25,600 31 bucks. Well, that thing don't seem awful. Out of a sudden, does that? Did you turn that down or what? Because it was just blaring before it was blasting. The needles were rocking. 25,631, you can order your best to recon suds, kneel or and or fill Henry C.D. and cassette and the t-shirts by calling 561- 0078. Do it now. Do it like today. And they're doing a great job of shipping those things out if you want them for like a holiday president or if you want them for like a circus or whatever. T-Shaba, 561- 0078, or you can stop by your borders, books, music and cafes stores and crores brings them to a candle they got to CDs. They got the cassettes, they got the good stuff. And etc. Also, you can dial 100 all kneel because your just getting really depressed. We're not going to be able to retire on that. It looks like buck 49, the first minute, 99 cents a minute after that. 1,900 all kneel. We got all kinds of neat stuff on here and cost a comments from other listeners and the parts from the show and commentaries from me and the stuff like that. 1,900 all kneel. Call everybody in O'N tapah. Call people who never heard of me before. Tell them it's really interesting and make up the story. Okay, they'll dial it. So we've got a whole bunch of stuff going on. Colin Powell, baby. That's why I played dual man this morning because that's your choice. Now, Bubba and Dullah. How what a choice that is. You talk about Dull and boring man this guy. The Republicans are going to self-destruct. That's all because Colin Powell wasn't right wing enough. And because Rabin just got off to the Middle East and his wife started to get real nervous and he said, they know thank you. And now it's going to be dull. Trust me when I tell you. Or maybe Bob Dornner and repap you can and one of those really funny guys. And that's going to be your choice. So no column polls. So all you people are getting ready to start hyper-ventilating like you did over Ross P. R. O. Four years ago. Then of course we still got the Ross factor. He's probably pretty excited. Now he's going to get a lot more for your time and learn to get that tongue out and just look his private. It's like real heavy doing now. Because all we also got to have that we got a lot of stuff going on. Man, we got to have that cart in here now for this hour. That's right out at the bottom of my piece here. And then also we got to figure out I don't have the sheet on it where our kickoff for tickets to the Super Bowl thing is. Since that seems to be changing by the moment. But don't forget tomorrow. We got the worst of Randy from 11 to 2. 10 13. She's probably going to get porked off about that. 10 13 at W. I. O. D. Biscayne's closing. Biscayne is closing. Hollywood bought it and Biscayne's going out. They're going to be like another big condo there. Oh, I was 15 when I lost my virginity. And I remember the plate not the date though. But I was over by the doorhouse under the club in a cow pasture. As you've known, they've been till midnight on news, talking entertainment radio. 16 W. I. O. D. This is the Neal Roger show. Yeah. This is your brain. Any question? 10 13. When the hell did I say it was Friday? I never said it was Friday. Did I say it was Friday? It feels like Friday because I'm not going to be here this week. But I don't think ever said it was Friday. Did I come on here here today and say at one time at any point, this is God damn Friday here today? It's Friday. You best. One is wrong with these people. Turn up your hearing aids. Graham. Oh, can't cut the crap. But to knit pickers. So anyway, it looks pretty grim on the panthers. Now they say, well, you know, the heat's more important anyway. It's the NBA and they got that television coverage and a TV contract. Guess what? Are you both Oh, commissioners? The TV money don't go in your pocket or pay for the arena or going any of the public's pocket. It's going to go right and Mickey Harrison's pocket. You morons. You fools. And I noticed by the way that the attendance here, even though was much better than we have for the Panthers, they still didn't have a cell out for the second heat home game. They want them both. But they had a few hundred empty seats for that. One two last night. How do you like that? All right. The whole was that. So here's something that goes, and this is only the beginning. Only the beginning. Biscayne chief agrees to sell mutual license. All dog tracks grounds will be put on the block. So Hollywood Greyhound is buying out biscayne and they're going to put the property on a lot. They're going to sell it and that's going to be the end. No more. They've run their last race at biscayne. Is that incredible or what? They used to be like a goddamn landmark. They used to be a really great place and they spent tons of money spitting it up and doing all kinds of stuff. And you know, I didn't go any more either. I don't know what it is, but I don't know what it is. Just stop going and evidently sort of everybody else. The paramutuals baby, a lot of moron away out, a lot of moron away out. Thing of the past. Because after all gambling is evil. Isn't that what it's all about? Oh, and also there's another thing here on this memo, which is for broadcast, I guess. It says on Sunday after football, 8 to 10 PM this Sunday will be hearing a program for the country's fastest growing minority. People who smoke cigars. All right. The show is called smoke this imported from Tampa. Uh-oh imported from Tampa and hand rolled for the cigar fish, you know, so I don't know what they'll really use, but it's from Tampa. Oh, cigar smoke or show. Oh, somebody was telling me, you know, that restaurant in the forlaterale. It's called smokers, I think. Isn't that the name of it? Or they invite you to come in if you smoke. Faggot's or cigars. Or even if you just are a faggot, they were telling me the food there is sensational. And you can smoke and not be bothered, not have people threaten to blow your brains out. And that's it. You know, if you want to have long cancer, it's a free goddamn country, okay? Yeah, but that second hand smoke. Yeah, how about your second hand breath? How about that second hand cheap perfume that a lot of these people wear these women, especially some of the guys on the plane. You're sitting there and oh my god, you want to breath from it. That real cheap cheesy perfume that you buy by the gallon of Kmart. Here's a lady in Keylargle, but she don't wear that do you? Hello. Yes, ma'am. No. Good. Ah, first time call her meal. Great. Hey, I wanted to thank you for turning me on to the diet. Yeah. Yeah. It's great. It is great. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. I've lost like 20 pounds and five weeks without even trying. Outstanding. And I tried the Lorenzo's cheesecake just the other day. Yeah. Oh my god. Wonderful. To die for. Oh, yeah, you're not kidding. Somebody sent over a cheesecake yesterday trying to imitate the icons and the George just about, oh, man. Just about brushed in a waste basket. Yes. The best I've ever had. Yeah. Yeah. So I wanted to thank you about that. I have another request. I was trying to get a hold of the guys. I was driving down from Kendall. He largar this morning watching them practice the, uh, the blue angel. Yeah. And they were standing safe. Is there any way I can get some free tickets for my kids? I know you have no available. Oh, come on. Oh, we can't give you free tickets for the blue angels, but we can give you like registration. Maybe to go to Cleveland. To Cleveland. Yeah. For our tragic trip. I don't know if I want to go to the country. But if you, if you when you have to go, is that a real trip or a watch? Yeah. I, I, I never got the details. That's a real trip. It's a real trip. Really. For two. For two. To Cleveland. I've never been to Cleveland. Right. And you can like hang out there where the Browns used to play. Uh-huh. And watch all this people crying and carrying out like a bunch of infants. Uh-huh. Okay. Not so bad. And you can either chuck my or on a radio up there again. Okay. So hang on. Okay. See, she wanted something for free. She got something bad. But hey, that's the way it goes. That's life for you. We have an open line in date. 7, 5, 1. And how about for the family of the year? Let's, let's have a contest. Okay. For the sports rule model family of the year. Is it going to be the blades family that's Brian and Benny? Or is it going to be the consocos? Poor Jose man. At family just can't get out of their own God damn way. You know what I'm saying? Now it's, uh, now we're going to help with that. It's not in the sports section. Is that somewhere else? Cause I did read it this morning about his brother, Ozzy, who used to be quite a sport himself. It must be in the Yoke, oh, yeah. They tried to bury it. Concecule brother charged in a salt. Pembroke pines, the twin brother of baseball Stupid star, Jose Consoco was arrested Wednesday after he shut out the tires of moving van and threatened to moveers during it. It is viewed over his furniture, police said. Police charged as Volvo Ozzy Concecule, who played briefly with the Oakland Asian St. Louis Cardinals, with two counts of aggravated assault in one kind of felony property damage. No one was injured in the 65P. I'm shooting which took place in the driveway. I'll can say goes new home in the chapel trail neighborhood. It's set around so on. I believe that he wanted to look at some of the stuff on the truck he forwarded on order. They wanted to give paid first and they got into a big song to dance. And it says when the movers refuse Concecule went into the house return with a nine millimeter semi automatic handgun, yelling exploders and threatening the men. He came out and fired four rounds from the gun in the tires, flattening five of the suit tires on the truck and threatening the movers. He did not give police his statement. He was booked in the Brown County Jail Lake. Wednesday. All right. They could suckle family. Right up there. Let's have a, let's have a family off. Okay, between him and a blades family. It's nippentuck. It's pretty damn close. Open line and that purple line pound IOD one and day 751, two and a Howard five two four call up today and say goodbye to your Panthers. Baby, it's a done deal. It's not just Hank Goldberg. It's a hippo polymer. Let's night. I dream so can say go. Just like he never let my side know. I'd wait with hope they can say go. He showed me just how to stand over ball. I should all day have to vote. The back of breath was kind of vote. I took off my comb. He kept on his please life. I miss coming round their veins. And fly it into his face. Get the shower with hope they must finish all the body. I have sports family in the air. Baby is it the blades brothers? Is it the con suck up brothers? That's the question today. 10 28 at WIV the winner gets a date with Jose. Doesn't get a date. It's the steroids. Okay, whatever you say. So anyway five six one. Oh seven eight is that center one number 25.631. I have a feeling by the beginning of the week by Monday when we get our next borders report. We're going to be right up there at about 30 grand, which is one hell of a first. Let's see. We just started a week ago yesterday, right? What are you smiling about? We just started the center one thing a week ago yesterday. Am I correct? Wasn't that November 1st? We came up the first. Huh? Wednesday was the first. Oh, week ago yesterday was. Yeah, like I said, God damn it. See you try to make you keep saying it's Friday. I know it's Thursday. It's paid a two by the way. You want my one to check on that. If you're the one that keeps saying it's George that keeps saying it's Friday. Now, me God damn it. I know what day the week it is. Don't I? Well, I'm going to say it's Friday. What does that mean? Here's Latter Hill. Hello. Yes, sir. Just wanted to give you a little spoiler. Okay. Listen to a hip-hop artist. Yeah. And he just kept going on and on about the fact he was five point one to fill four point five. Let me say this, you know, anybody can get a full book and find one demo where they beat somebody else. Okay. If you look at the overall book as usual, Phil beats the living crap out of him. Okay. He's got one demo in men there where he edges him out in one thing. Okay. And besides that, you know, if Hank, you know, Phil hit a right on head yesterday. If Hank doesn't understand that Phil's got more talent in his little finger than Hank's got in his big oozing, puking fat body, then the man's really got serious problems. So it's not even worth talking about. It's a joke. It's more applicable. You know what happened was some guy called up and it's him. He was disguised in his voice. Yeah. And so I wouldn't have been you. What is it? No. Oh, thank you. And he dropped him off the air and then he. Then he repeated the fact that he was 4.1 to 5.1 or, you know, 5.1 to 4.5 and then he just, you know, went on with the next call. What is it? 5.100 pounds? What is that? What he's talking about? He's got, he's got Phil beaten weight. I'll guarantee that. Probably by a couple hundred. Yeah. Later. Okay. Yeah. This Hank thing, man. You know, it's really a sad situation where this guy. Every time he gets a fluke book and his number goes up a little bit, which ever comes down real fast again, where it belongs. Then he starts like peddling a stir. Why don't you understand it, baby? You're on a miserable crappy station that all of the insiders know you went out of there in the worst way, working with a bunch of juvenile kids. It's a joke. It's a laugh. And this guy's on there talking a big story about how he's got, comparing himself to Phil Henry. Anybody with a brain, anybody with even the most miniscule sense of humor knows that Hank Goldberg couldn't lick Phil Henry's ass. He might give it a shot, but he couldn't lick his ass. He's not in the same league with anybody on this radio station, even the sex bitch. Just a big fat glob of pus. Okay. Just a big sloppy New York glob of pus oozing out a lot of garbage. Can't even pronounce the name of the team that he's always talking about that. He don't do the games for no more the dolphins, you know? Just a New York Slob, baby. That's all you're all about. It's sad. I know you wish you were like, you know, here's the guy's got his on his PN. He's on the doos. He's on the ACs. He's on the QA. He's 75 different jobs. He's still ain't making a big bucks. And he's jealous his hell. He's psychotic about it. We have an open line in Broward, 5 2 49 4 6 3 5 2 4 W alde. The man is lacking in only one thing. He's got plenty of fat. He's got plenty of food. He's lacking in one thing. It's called talent. That's the Problem. And I don't care if he has like a 78 here in the next book. Which he won't, but the fact is for him to come on here and try to compare himself to Phil Henry. I take great accepted that, because it's growth test, like he is. He is. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Let me preference the car by saying I listen to you and feel every day and I love you. Yeah. But I think I, I OD made a big mistake by not putting Howard on in the morning. Yeah. He's just a major talent. He fits in with what you were doing. So let me, let me just tell you this, OK? Yeah. When they were making, when they went through all the thing, I mean, if we want to rehash that we can do it. And it's very painful. But when they blew off a reneary, which I told them, please don't do it because I mean, reneary as much as maybe you didn't like him. He had, you know, he had his following. And they weren't necessarily the same people as mine or Phil's or a Rick and Sud's, but he had his following. And they blew that off and they put on that new show that a board of new show and they blew it, and they admitted it. They knew it. And I always do want to keep saying, hey, put Howard on there. OK. That was it the time before Howard was on in the market. I said, if you put Howard on in the morning, we will own this market for the rest of time. Oh, no, we don't want this company and ever put him on here. Then what do they do? They put him on in Chicago and they blow him out after six months because they went into a panic. So, you know, I don't disagree, but what am I going to tell you? Like Jim says, Cox sucks. Yeah, go Panthers. OK. We have an open line in date, 750946. That one man did said. And of course, leave it to an expert because if anybody should know about it, spend it all that time in a guy named Shah, who will own a load of the number 51. So, come on. Open line in date, 7509463, one in Broward 524WOD. Nobody cares about this cane closing. Oh, we must get one of those old guys who used to hang around the dog track on it. What's the guy that happened to my life now? I don't want to go all the way up there to Hollywood. The dogs have just about had it. OK. And I just enjoyed the dogs, not a lot, but like, you know, a few times here, I used to enjoy going to the dog track. It's a fun flag. We're still going strong. We love flag. Of course, they love me. I hope they're doing great. Are they? I hope. But some of the paramutes, who's man, they're right on the fence, they're right on the edge because a lot of it has gotten stale. They haven't developed any new people out there. You go out to some of these tracks. It's the same old old people, I guess. Well, why don't they have any new people? Because their people are dying off. They're dying over there. And they don't get any living and breathing. But I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to go through it. It's not even worth it. Because nobody cares. Here's Pemberpines. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. Oh, good. A couple of things. First of all, you and Phil Henry are God. Yes. I love listening to the both of you. Well, Adam is in there saying, what about Rick and suds? Adam's right. There you go. Well, they're like God Jr. I mean, how are you guys? Great. Adam, don't sit in there and start like stopping up and down. Because before you were producing that show, you used to say that Rick was an asshole. Okay, so stop. Oh, he says he says I still say that. Okay, thanks, Adam, for your honesty. And what? I was watching a movie, which I had gotten from Columbia House the other day. Yeah. Oh, that reminds me, I have a movie right here. But I'm not going to tell you because you already have the long scene to want this. What is it? See, I'm not going to tell you because then you're going to want it for free. I'm giving it away. Well, uh, disclosure, Michael Douglas and dimming more. I got a copy of it. Good. Okay, thank God. Fantastic movie, too. Okay, that good. Somebody might want it then. It is. It's still wrapped at his plastic. Yeah, it's a great movie. Yeah, I want it. And another one of these were Michael Douglas is pretending to be a sex pod running around Naked. No. Oh, thank God. But he, uh, he makes it with Demi Moore though. But, uh, he tries to do some bites. Okay. Anyway, at the end of this movie, I was watching which was speechless with um, um, bro, what the hell is this thing? Uh, shoot. Shoot? No. Michael, keep. Thank you. Oh, how about Buster Keaton? That's more of my style. No, it was Michael Keaton. Yeah, I can't stand him. And guess what music they used in the movie? Louis Spangel. Yeah. Oh, I did. What a lucky guess in my part, huh? Yeah. And at the end of it, it's got, uh, the video of him doing, uh, the two. No, no, no, say two. No, say two. Yeah. Or say, say two. Take take whatever it is. Yeah. I was through for the first time. It's pretty. Where's that music coming from George? Who's that? I'm not planning it. You're not planning it, are you sure? Yeah. Oh, Danny. You're perfect though. I'm not a favorite song. I do like it though. Oh, I know you like Louis. I go. I love it. Yeah. He's great. I was through for the first time. So they have the whole video on it. The end of the movie? Yeah. Well, they do as they show cuts of the, you know, a part of the movie. And then they show him thinking. Uh. You know what I'm saying? Oh, thank you. Thank you, and Eric. It's beautiful. Yeah. It'll forget about that. That's why I need Sarah Bradley. Thank you so much. Don't have that as a bra. Okay. That's for yesterday. I know, but I just want to make sure we still have a right. Even though it was yesterday, so if they went yesterday, they went to the right place. Go head sir. Yeah. Anyway, I've listened to it. And it's pretty. Although I don't understand. And that forget about understanding man. He's he transcends the language barrier man. He's like universal. Oh, yeah. He speaks a language we can all relate to. Yeah. Very pretty. Right. He's very pretty. Yeah. I know you like that. Yeah. Well, thanks so much sir. That was a major suck up. I wish I had something to give you like a million dollars, but maybe next time. Oh, well. Have a great life. I need an audio. Sorry. I asked to came you'll feed us. Where's my, oh my God. Jesus God. I just dropped Luis on a floor. That's it. I'll never be the same again. Jesus Joseph and Mary forgive me for what I have done. I've sinned and I've dropped my man right there on a floor. Because a hard man is good to find. What does that sound good? I'm not going to play it, but sounds good. Anyway, our kick you went to a Super Bowl contest registration continues today. No number one. A big daddy's in Flatagans in 2505 North University, Robin Hollywood in the one today. Look for the Wild 16 armored truck and register. And then today between five and six of Flatagans. How come I've conquered so long? Because I don't want to reach over to the five down because it's so beautiful. Five to six in Flatagans, Bar and Grill. 2600 West Lady, Boulevard and Fort Lauderdale. Two love Luis. That was tight man. Is that tighter? But you're not there for the best. All right, give it a rest to Leo. So anyway, it's 1038 at Wild. So what is that? The 4000-cone we've had about speechless and the fact that Luis is in there. They know how good thing when they got it. And then that one guy that called me up that day. I don't see what you see in Luis Miguel. I see it. If you ever saw that video that what's the one? I'll find a client there. So if he saw that, he'd understand what I see. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers on Wild here. Not necessarily those of the station or in sponsors. All Wild programs are copyright 1995 by Wild Incorporated. No take recordings of transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of Wild Incorporated. I think it's God. I love Hank. I'm having a day of fair with Hank. Hello. Randy, I don't hate you at all. Congratulations. Get out of here, Meg. You want to know something? Trimfully, I'm happy for you. Why are you happy for me? Because I am going to my boat. We're going out for cruise. I'm having for the 4.5 years. My first weekend's off. I'm promoting my video. Yeah, yeah. I figured it was some kind of promotion. No, no, no. I'm just saying that I welcome you to the station. Honest to God, I do. Really? Trust me. I'm not lying. I caught a congratulate. Well, Meg, can I just ask you one lousy question there? Why on your last show? Did you say I didn't have a chance in hell of doing anything? Over here, it's up to you. I'm not. I made a mistake. I made a bad call. Damn right. Listening to you. And I think you're fine. And I think it's perfectly okay to have relax and have fun on a weekend. Honest to God. I needed to. Yeah. How's that? And I've been enjoying listening to you. And it's no full. Now. Have a good day. See you. Don't believe word of it, man. Shout here and trash me for a whole afternoon. A whole afternoon. I said, I didn't have a chance in hell. I had no talent. What the hell was I doing here? Boy, Gary made a big mistake. Now she wants to promote something at our tailgate party. She's going to kiss a little butt. Yeah, she's good at it. And of course, she'd probably be on a weekend right now if that hadn't leaked out. Anyway, 1044, W.I.D. so tomorrow. That's just a little sample of hearing the, well, I actually wasn't the worst. I would say that was part of the best of Randy right there. I love that. That was great. That was ballsy sweetheart. But anyway, you know, Nichols got a bug up his answer. We're going to have the worst of Randy from 11 to 2 tomorrow after the, best of Neil or whatever. Whatever it is, okay, it'll be at least something different. And she'll be listening. Here's Hollywood on the purple line. Hello. Hollywood on the pound line. On the purple. I'm a cellular on the along gone line. Here's Miami. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Are you done, sir? Okay. You got a little for you. Kind of light and things up. You got a one? Riddle. Yeah, okay. Ditto with your riddle pal. We don't do jokes. We don't do riddles. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. We don't do jokes. What do you mean he was giving a speech? What was he standing up at the counter with a big mechanism? He was standing on the bench seat. He was standing on the seat. He was standing on the seat. I swear to he was standing on the seat. I was the only white person in the restaurant. I was looking for him. It does. It does. But he's standing up giving this Malcolm X. He's looking over me saying how the white man has a press to black man. Pointing at me. Now, mind you. I'm the only white person in the front. Are you better cut it out, man? You better be petting next to the Lord for your forgiveness. You better change the ill of your gay ways. Yeah. Okay. Now, what would happen if a white man walked in there? And gather around with 20 white people saying the black man is called in the problem. What would happen to that white man? Absolutely correct sir. Okay. Thank you sir. See you. Glad we could answer your question. We have an open line of Broward 5249463. And we got one on the purple line. The ATD wireless live pound IoT. So I've already had three people in the building volunteer to sign Bob Greene's name to my paycheck today. See this becomes another part of this ongoing drama. Why does he talk about getting paid? There's not another broadcaster in America who in the history of this business has ever talked about having to go and finagle to get his paycheck every week. Except me. Why do I enjoy talking about it? No, but you damn well better be sure I'm going to continue talking about it until we come up with like some, you know, like regular system. Like, oh, here's where it is. Here's when you get it. Somebody signed it. And yeah, it's just a small detail, but here we're pania surprise. But hey, we like a little bit of suspense. I mean, where am I going until to a clock anyway, right? Exactly. So what's everybody getting all God they've excited about since it is Friday? Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey, long time listener. First time calling. All right. Hey, we've got a school of criminal given. What is it? We're all friends because we like every day we listen. You had a kind of given. Yeah. Yeah. We're great guy man. So you're just screwing off right? Yeah. Good. We're like, we know you got a little, we're going to have dolphins, you know, up and down, you know, you're lifting it. When we watch them up and down, you know, dolphins never can sit there up and down there. Right. Yeah. What that song says they're up and down there and not. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I can, but you have to, uh, Colonel Given's, uh, same Thomas came up this this Friday. Really, what happened to this? You know, a big game. It's a, you know, consistent game, you know. This Friday. A big game, you know, we play every, like, we're both ranked and we're pretty high. You're ranked? Yeah. I can almost smell it over the phone. You mean like tomorrow night? Yeah. No, come on. Can you get out of two and again, just like two, three, what takes away for the door human? Tomorrow? Yeah. Okay. I will, but just not a good luck pal. I hope you win a game, but you can't say crap on a year. Okay. The guy would just got really bummed out and depressed. And of course, I could understand that because he's waiting for me to go over there and, uh, root, root for the home team or whatever. Okay. Whatever he said. Okay. I'll put a line in Broward 5249463 to Greenline to not participate in it today. And nobody wants to disclose your what Michael Douglas didn't give me more. Oh, where the hell was our reading in the enquiry? What is it? Oh, well, Wayne's going to sign my check tune. How he said. Let's get all the board ops to sign my check and see if it goes through Adam, George, Andy, and Wayne are all going to put their signatures. They're going to put their John Hancock on my check. Okay. Only problem is they all want to put it on the back. That's the problem. Here is, uh, dear field. Hello. Yeah, I would not count on him signing your paycheck to everybody. And by the way, we're just going to be, he's going to be Nashville, Panthers now. What is this guy get off? I'm pissed. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Well, uh, are you pissed or what? I, I think, I mean, this guy's got some co-honies. Yeah. I think it is before. Okay. Well, let's all stand up and give him a message for the entire town. So I'm like, alright. Two open lines in Broward, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four, WOD, and two on agreed lines, one eight hundred nine, four, four, nine, four, six, three. Nobody wants to disclose you with the, so anyway, I was starting to say that to me more, her mother lives in a car in Vegas. Did you ever hear that story? Her mother's name is Virginia. I heard it this morning. She's a real slut. And she's a slut. She was not going to haul it again five years ago. She's been finally, uh, gave up with her and she couldn't handle it anymore. And the woman is living out of her car. And this slut is making millions and millions of dollars in posing stark naked and, uh, running around, showing off her ample hooters and, uh, whatever it helps she's doing. But in the meantime, her mother, how can you give up on your mother? Even if she is a slut in a miserable old bitch and goes and gets in the drunken brawls and bars and, uh, whatever. And she's living out of a car in Las Vegas, though, less than the desert. She don't even got enough money to go in there and play the nickel slots. And here's the me running around there, second up with every damn thing that's got a, uh, a thing attached to him. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. There's a electric glare, if I something or they got a call dinner, but when happened to McDonald's restaurant. Yeah. Something I'm not a racist either, but, uh, all every time I hear the black man says the white man, a person, they need to look back at facts. Back before the church of the century before he white man is lived any black man. The African themselves would sell their own slaves and prisoners of war. And that is absolutely correct, sir. That's right. So I think they better look in their own backdrop for the point anybody else. I'm not just pointing out that I'm not a racist, but I think we should all look at the fact. Yeah, man. All right, Neil. Okay. See you, buddy. All right, buddy. See you, buddy. Was that jazz? I'll be goddamn boys, boys, your change in Cleveland. I'll be back. Maybe it's that thing on his prostate changes, boys. We have an open line in Broward 524. Well, it does have a tendency. You know, you're kind of like shift your weight and boy, he sure had plenty of it to shift. All of he's gone. So we fire people. So what? 16WIOD. He's my every Ford Latterdale. News, talk, and entertainment radio. 16WIOD. 1106WIOD. You know, this chromium pecculinate business is about to drive me up the wall already. You know, I am so sick and tired. I wish I had never heard of it. Now I got this Bob guy who sends me like facts as pages and pages and pages and pay pages and pages and pages, pages. And he says, I've been listening to all his crap about chromium pecculinate for months and I can't take it anymore. Bob is getting pissed, man. He's getting sick and tired. He's disgusted. He says, I'm a loser. Oh, no. I'm not going to take this anymore. Oh. I've facts to this in 4-2 months ago, but I guess either you didn't get it or just tossed it. I think quite frankly, Bob. I tossed it. As in. Chromium pecculinate is not only poisonous, is it's just playing crap? Please, with 75, isn't it? Please read the attached brochure to get to Stray at School, but of course the attached brochure is like 50,628 pages. Almost. Chromate will give you unbelievable results. There's no comparison between the two. Call me for more info and free samples, Bob. Well, why doesn't he send the free samples over here? Why do we got a column? Why doesn't he send me the free samples? And I'll take him for a couple of weeks if I'm still alive. I'll go in here and say, hey, I'm still alive. Huh? Come on, Bob. Send us the free samples. Send us a bunch of free stuff. We want to be just like the audience so we can relate to him better. Okay? Send us a bunch of free stuff. Okay? Send me my Chromemate right now. And of course, this is like all, you know, he's a distributor of this stuff. So he's got all this stuff in here about this one is good and that one is not whatever. So send it over here, Bob. Now, it's said like about the, you know, 20, 30,000 bottles and samples. And let's give it a shot, even George will pop some. He'll pop anything, even a zit. Here's Hylia, hello. Hey, Neah, how's it going? Okay. I speak at, then we more you're talking about earlier. She was in Letterman last night. She had on this thing that, you know, like her boobs were all out. Yeah. Of course, of course, it was usual. Of course, everybody seen them already. Exactly. Yeah. It was actually put me to sleep. The other thing was about as you can say, how many teams is that I can play for? As the, well, of course, he's all done now, you know, and probably wise pissed off and shoot them up, glory trucks, but he's, so it says he's played for the Indians briefly for about five minutes. And he, let's say, right? He played briefly for the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the A's and St. Louis. Right. Well, not the Indians, the A's and St. Louis. And he, I know he's, he's right out down here for the Marlott. Yeah. Even the Marlott. Even the Marlott didn't want no part of him. He's like that. So like he should own a moving company. Yeah. He better start catching down some of those good steroids as brothers got. He just got no chance. He's already 31. He's over the hill already. Now, I'm just saying he should own his own moving company. He should need anybody to bring him. He's moving all over the damn, then can he just actually right. All right. Take it. You think his brother would be able to afford to buy him is on moving company. But he can afford a gun though. You know, I never forget about two years ago. Somebody faxed me. I, uh, speaking of paychecks. They faxed me a copy of facts of, Oh, Jose can suck those weekly paycheck. Oh, God. 387,000 dollars. For one week. I had a story once where we, uh, the quarterback for the Patriots, uh, Bloodsup. Yeah. He took his car and for repair. And, uh, the repairman was a sooner round as car. And he hit the visor and helped pop that a check for a hundred thousand dollars. He had it just, you know, hooked up in the visor of his car. He immediately called Bletson. They, you know, we got this check for a hundred thousand. There he goes. Now, and it's put it back up there. And like he's answering the person I bought, it needed. He's only going to make 42 million. What do you worry about? What's 100,000, man? You know, when you got millions and millions, just figure out the interest you're making. Like even in a bank, we're still put their money in like a regular bank. But I mean, even if five percent you're making out pretty damn good. It is. All right. Okay. Have a great life, pal. Oh, nobody wants to smooth me. Thank God. We can milk that. We can pretend all day. That's our big thing. I've been to the police. Ooh. The thing is, I was there a Texaner. When I tried to get stupid. There was a clear book. Nobody else over there looking. He told me a lot of it. pretty good here off to a pretty good start to then you're gonna put this puts on the air excuse me what do you want Jeff Moss I just want to say hello yeah hello Jeff how are you see ya what's up see ya buddy are you not having a good day I'm having a great day up until now okay come on a little bit concerned that there's not gonna be any hot shot back here to sign my check by to a clock in which case it's gonna be this year uh man they're gonna be a fire in here that smoke you'll be upset by oh god we don't want that to happen yeah gonna give you stats for tonight stats well the attendance you'll be pleased to know that they did not have a complete salad for the heat last night but that I'm standing up right now I'm excited well I'm just telling you they had like not a lot of empty seats but a couple hundred but the rockets with their cartoon look like Jersey's right oh it'll put jam is someone got the answer last night said it looks like they they faded in the wash yeah faded pajamas hey I finally took care of her he's leaving me alone now I gave him his uh took care of my well yeah that night gave him his little thing too yeah um call to tell you this last time we were thinking well the other night that filly game remember walked by when Jeff was bugging us and said that's good that I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm so why they're about 3800 right yeah including a panter pack well I'm not bad that's even better than what we started out with a filly game well for right now we're on a streak we're in first place we want to for an arrow plus these people should understand that every game could be well not every game could be our last but certainly this season could be so they better get a while I can yeah we got to for a shot and you know we're starting to squirt some gold I wouldn't say his hot well he's playing real good but I wouldn't say he's hot Jody's hot Jody is hot Jody is hot he just needs to shave a little bit yeah yeah I wanted to let you know that maybe you can tell you're on your you're a flyer fans landrasses only got to be out another week it says he're not till mid thesecember whoever told me that story maybe another week right it's not mid December he got to wait no bear right there now I got to know here and I stand corrected it corrected and apologize to your wholeheartedly with Jason woolly it was Jason woolly with the low hit right okay you said Brian's crudeland you are a crudeland would never hit anybody he didn't admit the end of the game but not that I think he was already down and I'd say you're right he was on the head down it was only 1.6 seconds left or something like that I wanted to just make a note all year fondless and there's who are out there who attend our games thanks to you yes they do it we cannot have garbage and live wrapped thrown on the arena it delays the game right we need to we're all wondering how long it would be before somebody would make that announcement because these people yeah and don't say it was my listeners through the live right about there probably QA Amos listeners through them out there I can't come in and I can probably guide them Chris Moore's twin brother through the live right out there thought it was Wayne oh we got my check sign what you say oh it's in the envelope thanks you know it's a lot hard you proud of her what is it I thought she probably said we're Brian Cox it but no she now I would not why would you say that she sets a lovely younger than you don't even know her who is it Leo the account of it well you'd like to know because she writes all the checks first and I'd like to know actually you go all right well what were you saying what were you ramming on I know you'd kill my show jack I'm not killing your show this is the way he rewards me for getting all those asses for hockey and you know we got a killer shot live rat and garbage no live rats in no garbage get the plastic rat on the ice plastic rats only plastic rat's only and the only other rat allowed me to read is Wayne and I don't think he'll be showing up anytime soon again now he's pulling out more died you notice the disappearing act I haven't noticed yeah I know the big hockey fan good in closing yes yeah a same was your question yeah I hate the bird okay thank you see you what a pest it's 114 to W I he's a good guy but he's just a pest you know I'm saying he here we low put Greg from pop it another that was the bad that was from point and beat sorry Greg okay 1118 and W I'm curious that thing about the guy with the story with the guy with the boat tied to black guy and all those black people up there and making a speech and assurment on the mount inside of a McDonald's or whatever what is that see I I know this may sound radical to you but to me I'm one of those people that believes that all retail establishments should ban all of these you know what I'm saying I don't want to mention a supermarket because I think they all do it but they let like the girl scouts out there and they like a cost you on the way in and on the way out and they like embarrass you to buy a bunch of crap that you don't want including some of that candy what it's not girl scouts what is that other thing that they're always selling out there they real crappy cheap sleazy candy in the box oh man you could breath from that stuff huh what about those nurses with the funny hats what are they I don't know nurses with funny hats I know what you talking about and they got the little bucket to throw the money in right I you know when I go shopping I mean I'm gonna go inside and pay a retailer money to buy their crap I don't want to be like a cost it outside I especially don't want to be a cost it inside with some Louis Ferrocont look alike making a speech with his guy damn boat tie standing on the amount mounting on the accountor here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello yes sir yeah from Orlando yes yeah how you are working again I call yesterday yeah one chronic yeah you're um CD yes I I did not get did not get oh you can you have one what I want to free one free what don't make me go back to get out of here this asshole called up yesterday you remember to call a course you do when I gave him the phone number for center one and he said oh well mail it to me and I said yes and now can he have one for free of course not of course not you but plug you suck hole you simple tin you sleazy piece of walking pus man oh man a walking Z j's is got all mighty and Joseph and Esther and Saul what is wrong with you man you got some hutspa just called yesterday and he pretending I knew he wasn't writing down the number and now he calls back again could he have one for free yeah go steal one okay tell us which story you're going to so we make sure that we get you as for shoplifting you slime ball go back to Orlando okay go back there to that fair villa place and go buy yourself some god damn horny videos and keep yourself busy get out of my purse Jeff from Orlando who always calls like he's on Miami Beach but isn't for a lot of day on the purple line hello for a lot of deal that's you hey I'm in Miami now like I said Miami hello I'm from Philly I think you can leave it here don't pay attention I'll look at it yes sir go ahead I think it's no snider I'll tell you that yeah he haven't man is the Panthers haven't man he's no Duke Snyder he pays his taxes yeah well he hasn't no it's not really the support of the community in the government right that's right because he's got a hard ass attitude and he's a piece of crap he pisses everybody off and let him get lost I'll tell you what if we lose the Panthers when this season's over man I will never go to a Marlon game I'll never go to a dolphin game and as long as he's involved in any way shape or form I don't blame you why can't we find someone local to take him away that's fine somebody was some serious money is a good guy at least Mickey Eris and I'll let's find somebody's got some money doing me okay hey see ya purple line is open what did you order for lunches there George got a look so I'm hungry you show I'm hungry well if you all of that hungry all that's right I got my yeah but I'm very upset now because Rick told me that there's all that salt in that the Tyson chicken roll now let me ask you when you go to the supermarket and you stand online and take a number and you buy the chicken roll that they slice for you they're in a market is that also loaded up with all that salt because it you know what I'm saying because you never get to see the label are you following me what I'm saying here you never get to see the label so you don't know what the ingredients are not just a minute Mr. Hotfingers did you order lunch also or free me you oh man what about your free loading butt plugs we got that's all right you're more than entitled after that brilliant payphone challenges morning she was was that chances old squeeze that one that you had their tied up with a gag you would be a gag order we have an open line on a green line 1-800-944-9463 so I got my meat and my profilone there in the other thing I don't have to worry about going out and getting the stuff that's gonna make me do a big little show anyway because the audiences get in tired of me like making excuses and running downstairs and doing a bit right in the middle of the show right I think so I would believe so so we still have a given away a that must be some great movie like the guy said ah disclosure I want to get rid of it I want to get rid of it I don't want to touch you that I want to see it especially with Michael Douglas see I did like Michael Douglas on street to San Francisco with Carl Maldon and the big nose but then he started trying to pretend to be a sex pot in all those movies and oh my god put the clothes back on Michael who are you kidding your two-dam Jewish and Harry it's 1123 a WOD even a Jennifer agrees he's two Jewish and two Harry it's big and it Michael Douglas oh yeah she says forget that what did she say yes he heard about Luis McDonald's he fun to see what about him and you're believing that you believe it you're the news director and you believe that oh my god Jennifer it's big and it's back Jennifer you asked for it and you got it for how long maybe for 20 minutes we're not talking about women we're not talking about women but I was just scrapping young buck I wore leaving you smile all one jeans so tight you could tell my religion I'm a Baptist Elmer Johnson tells us about his pants yep that was the style back then I really packed them to all the Dalies used to call me Elmer big huge thing in his trousers Judson in fact Elmer Johnson tells us more than we ever wanted to know about his pants and I got a little older put on some weight so I started wearing leaving his decades I could still fill out a pair of pants though but with the age comes respect so people called me Mr. Elmer big huge thing in his trousers Judson leave these know is that as you get older your body changes and your wardrobe has to change with it that's why in addition to our ladies jeans and dinners we've had a new transfer line for seniors called Duffers now that I'm an old man my body aim what it used to be so now I wear Duffers but by God I can still pack a pair just not the way I used to that's why people at the home call me Mr. who made a big stinky in his trousers Johnson new Duffers from ladies with convenient easy access zippers in front and back the perfect pants to wear when you're old shapeless and in confidence Duffers just think of them as big blue denim diapers with legs 11 30 a W on these so here's a facet says George tell Neil the restaurant for a lot of that where you can smoke is Coco Pazzo the smokeers is in the same restaurant great food a Titan 2861 East commercial great outstanding still I get no info on at them chromium pecconi that the chromate did Bob sent over a bunch of that chromate stuff yet so we can try it or not and also this damn chicken you know I got to find out we got to get a woman to call in like somebody who's a shopper who knows what she's buying because this white meat the chicken wall is it's good it tastes good it's like got the zero carbs it's you know but three slices have 440 milligrams of sodium that's like a lot of salt now everybody's saying oh it's gonna clog your arteries and you're gonna be saying oh I think all day and you're gonna have like a fart attack I don't think so I think it's okay it doesn't have no nitrites it is that okay because when you buy that stuff now what's going on the other room so good okay you said chicken we thought we were talking about no I was not I absolutely Pazzo you got a one track mind in there right now okay will you just leave that poor thing alone here's a mobile in Boko hello yeah and the first time caller all right season ticket holder the Panthers Marlins and dolphins yes and boy I don't you got you coming and going no he's got if he goes I go yeah I'm sitting with a bill right now for three grand for Barlin they haven't got a rat prayer or get a penny out of me if they're gonna plastic rats prayer a plant the grass what would it be great though why don't you put all my friends have been asked me to call in the talk to you yeah telling put a move together that guys who have Marlin tickets or dolphin tickets don't renew the Marlin tickets to be moved to Panthers great I love it all right that's a good idea do it and we'll be the other way there we ought to have we ought to like spread this to every radio station every newspaper I make some of the sports writers might pick up on it that's right let's start hitting Wayne in the pocket and show them that we think he can take all stuff when he could have his ass would it be something if we were able to prevent that team from moving yes all right okay do it and you got a bunch of backers behind all right pal bye bye yeah I'm looking behind me they're all behind me they're like several yards thank goodness but that is a good idea until we get like our arena until we get some promise that the Panthers are staying here we're not gonna get jerked around that is if you got any of those forms to renew your Marlin tickets your dolphin season tickets for next year I just kind of hold it out you know went and doubt hold it back hold it out I mean I can't influence all that many people obviously because I'm trying desperately to fill up that goddamn arena for just one game would be nice okay for hockey I mean to basketball people well I got that seven foot 10 freak on here for a million dollars and it got the coach with a slick back here so right away the first game was a sellout although even that game was not a sellout until they uh till game day till game time they I my dentist told me he walked up and bought tickets right at the box or a facade game day how do you like that for a heat game I'm opening day but because they had made the big trade just a day before so naturally all the hype about it they were able to solve the first game and last night I did look pretty jam packed there's about 30 seconds of it and talk to a people who were there but but according to the paper this morning there were like a few hundred empty seats and it wasn't you know it was not a sellout for sure but just one hockey game would be so great that we could sell it out and just you know but I you know I've done everything I can and the meantime that guy's guys are a great idea and I'm all for it and I'll do whatever it takes okay just to give it back to wait there you go Wayne right in your post here's Miami hello Miami is gone can't be in posty play when is Diaz the last bitch they're partaking around in the back there do you hear it you lose open line in date 751 Wild and on the green line 1-800-944 so tomorrow first hour best of Neil second than through the from 11 to 2 the worst of Randy Randy's last year on Wild a really low blow a nasty miserable obnoxious disgusting but might be entertaining cut cut I said here's Sunrise hello good morning Neil yes sir are you doing okay let me start off first of all just so there's no shock what the video all right we go now be the end of these calls yes no shame in this one okay well there's no problem I'm trying to get rid of it I don't want it oh yeah I'll take it demi more it's pretty hot yeah she's already I've seen it before it's pretty good yeah and there's they don't look the same they still got the knobs in the same place and you know obviously since I won't be supporting blockbuster video anymore you know I'll have to have something to watch on my VCR right that's a good excuse and I get a suggestion for Wayne besides sucking my Brian Cox I'd like him to bulldoze that wasted time blockbuster video games and golf okay it's a rip off it's a joke and it also way it's like a savage and the people are driving and out of there are like all nuts and they all drive by and they're Broncos and they're you know explorers and they're camries and all like and they keep jerky's yeah oh and the way the dolphin game and home depot and all that off choose what it you know I hate the dolphins and I can't stand the mullets so they're never gonna get any tickets out of me yeah damn it if he moves the Panthers I'm really gonna be human yeah we're gonna stick it to a man yeah he'll better not move our Panthers way and we're gonna let you have it baby he blows man I was like gonna poop in our garbage bags just to get even with that southern sanitation I'd like that body I was thinking I was at the fashion mall you know with Sunday with the Panthers jersey I just you know I just bought tickets for right you know Saturday's game right and and I just you know I'm so pissed man and now they're talking like well you know forget about that it's a done deal there's nothing we can do there we are fighting for the heat Miami wants the heat and Broward wants the heat and Eris and his saying this and that and all the other talking out of outside to his ass but it's kind of like it's a done deal now you know like well too bad we try and that's it some major effort boy I'll tell you you couldn't get me to a heat game with a gun to my exactly watching a bunch of seven foot freaks jam in the ball baby his day started by Ajaki yellow school bus when last scene he was covered with a yellow tart on a sidewalk in Miami Beach 610 WIOD news was there our listeners were there accommodation that ends up to the best news in South Florida news talk that entertainment radio 610 WIOD I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers grab my junior honey tired of the same boring little community in wafers at holiday what was that did you see that what was that huh I think the guy that exorcises is our CD player tired of the same boring old community in wafers at holiday mass open wide delete and prepared a received I see here on Jesus' father-al-malley wafers again now Billy this isn't just any wafer it's not know through the divine miracle of transubstantiation I've turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of Christ why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky spice up your next communion with new Christaroni Christaroni is a special blend of rice spices and seasonings plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forkful and Christaroni cooks up for a perfect every time as he should mmmgai have some more Christ father that's Christaroni Billy a m into that Christaroni the transubstantiation treat loving 43 a wild your devout station we have two open line one open line we have an open line of brow art five two four nine four six three the green lines go and it's tough and man all we get like I said is a bunch of rejects on those green lines that's because they're for like Palm Beach in the rest of the state which makes us feel like hell of a lot better about dating Broward we may have our problems we may be losing our hockey team we may have some serious problems with like decadence and decay and rot but I got news for you we're like hot shots compared to like Palm Beach in the rest of the state especially the local veteran Tampa winner programming for the American fecal association and they're letting them decide what's on the year and who's on the year what they can say and by the way when's done in my kid Ron and Ron coming back on here in this market right right yeah oh man here it is the middle of November already remember boy back early in the year oh yeah they're coming back on any day I just talked to this one yeah okay tell us another bubble my seat pal here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir are you doing okay boy what a brand you got you can rattle and rattle god I just remember when you're full of it man it flows out like a river yeah I said yeah I happen to be I will meant it's a product I just got a pattern on and someone said to me well I know Neil Rogers that me a rudge but the way he's saying is son so he presented to him he says well if you want to package together and you present it to one of my father's people he'll look at it I happen to be talking to my lawyer he says say your way for that man he will rob your eyeballs yeah you will be lucky he will give him a little bit of Wells yeah he may like you have half the company he says and his money's been a rule and he said you'll be talking to yourself six months later right always your time but we had an opportunity to move our product up our our production up to poker but we got some people and Vegas that wanted to move out there yeah I would take your recommendation I'm gonna take the Vegas move now you're talking yeah that's not your way to a lot of sense man in fact the people I was talking to I happen to be talking about you and they said why does he remote his program you see you could settle in Vegas every moment back to Florida you still keep his name you know something that sounds like a great idea God is that sound like a hell of a great idea we had people and I was living in Vegas they probably because Ceno would be loved for me to do the show live right from like the MGM grander the Caesar's one of those great casinos do the show right from there talk to some like famous people dog system living in breathing people and they settle like the show back from there and live there yeah oh what a brilliant idea here's a girl up in the York we used to have a girl in addition to which in addition to the North Shore in addition to which let's see tended to out there would be like seven to eleven in the morning so I'd be off the or eleven o'clock I'd have it a whole rest of the lose my salary yeah he could do it he could be emoted my love it if they came to it we know you're making good bucks take a little cut and let the help paid expenses take a little cut let them go you crazy thank a little cut you're a dream and man oh you're a you're a heart that you made a little cut at the brisk all right I remember yeah I was there I took a big cut yeah I'll tell you that's a that was it when she told me that if I could on a year I'm gonna mention it's a new okay always something for me definitely to put in my under my skull cap yeah okay good luck well good yeah good yeah double U.I.O.D. odd outrageous and shockingly weird we're not talking about women oh oh yeah oh oh yeah oh I love it I love it wow I'm wet we're not talking about women okay eleven fifty one a W I would say we have an open line in date 75 one we got to it, Broward, five, two, four, and a green line, and a whole bunch of knots. Why is it every day when it gets close to noon, or these people think it's time to eat lunch? Is there something wrong with you or what? And you notice all the women calling up, give me all the information about, they know nothing, okay? Try to find out about shopping in the market. You know what, getting the sliced chicken roll as opposed to buy it in the package with all the salt and they know nothing. And if they do, they're keeping it a big secret. Here's Key Largo, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Okay. I see all the time of you, Eena. I beg your pardon. I always see the idea, Eena. Yes, sir. Yeah, I sit just down below you. Okay. And I'm very upset. I just call them on in. I can't say my baseball season to get, oh, all right. So that's that. And I'm very upset with that. Great. Let's start a big movement, man. Let's stick him in a pocket book where really pinches in the most is ball-headed geek. Are you going down tonight? No, I'm not. No. I'm not going to be here. I'm going to be out of town this weekend. Well, I'm going down with a big sign. But there will be people in my seats, so I don't like those empty seats. No, of course. Listen, what should I put on my sign? I see the socks or something like that. Yeah. I'm going outside and stand on those steps. Well, how about Wayne suck my duck? That would be good. Listen, Jimmy, down the keys. No, I have never been to the keys. Oh, you should. Probably not. But anyway, I thought of letting out that guy that had the idea of catching the morning tickets, that kind of stuff right on. You're first in line. Listen, I am. Okay. I'll be right back. Thank you so much. Bye-bye. Oh, you see it just starts with one and there's another one. He said, it is a good idea. Let's stick it to him, okay? I mean, let's face it. The marlin thing. It's really hot out there. It's humid. It's stuffy. It's boring. Let's take it to the place. I mean, let's face it to the marlin. What was that? Oh, that line is still on there. I liked that, though. That was good. He had the radio on the back. And he was listening to his own voice. Lain, I believe you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Who's son of a bitch? Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yeah. How you doing? OK. I don't ever get to talk to him because I'm working all the time. Yeah. And I listened to his really justly. Uh, I got a line. I was down at the game at the flyers. And then guys don't know nothing. The gas relations ran out trying to find out something about the, um, the things someday. About the thing, yeah, about the skills competition. I have my son, please. I talk to you up at sunrise. I'm down here. West Kendall. Right. And, uh, you know, I thought it was something for the kids. So I was trying to find something about it. And, uh, nobody knew nothing. Of course. Ha ha ha. And I said, Neil's right. Nobody knows nothing. That's right. You got it. Oh, man. Oh, man. But, uh, you saw a turn on the hockey. That's the only sport I go to and they're taking it away from us. Yeah. That's terrible. You search for something good all your life. You finally get your hands on it. And they ain't your right out of it. That's right. And, uh, my son is the first year. He's playing these 12 years. Oh, he's up there. It's sunrise. But, uh, it's a long truck for me. Yep. But I heard there, but they're going to build a nice hockey down here in Cutler Ridge. Yeah. Uh, hopefully, within the next year, I won't be making my hour trip every morning at Saturday morning at five o'clock to have a to see my son. That's right. That's right. And, uh, it was nice talking to you. I listened to you all the time. I listened to, uh, breaking thoughts. Feel Henry. And I want to call somebody to do something. Yeah. Uh, Danny, you're, uh, playing, Clayton, uh, Du Spade. OK. Take it easy. Yeah. All right, pal. A little nervous, but nevertheless. So anyway, those women with the white, uh, schmatis on that George thought were nurses that are always begging for money come to find out that they're not nurses at all. They're like part of some religious, uh, outfit, some cults, some soldiers of the cross. What is that? What is soldiers of the goddamn cross? Also, by the way, borders, books, which I told you the boarders, books, music, and, uh, et cetera, what is going to be opening in for a lot of a day like in just a few days. And it's going to be right by the gallery. It will have the exact address like coming. It's coming. But right by the gallery. Here's mommy Beach on a purple line. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Wow. Well, he was nervous. I was a little nervous, but yeah, I have an excellent hockey story which touches all your bases. OK. Let's touch it. OK. I'm actively involved in hockey down here. I play. I coach last August. I guess a couple months ago, I had the opportunity to play with Ed Jovanowski. Uh-huh. Great kid. Yeah. And most of us don't take showers after the games, because we live in the area, and we go home. So he was on his way. He knows he managed, would have proved with Ed. Oh, no, not at all. You'll like this, though. OK. So there happens to be a shower facility. It's the ring up in North Miami. So he comes out of the shower, stark afnaken, an incredible physical specimen. Yeah. He asked if anyone has a towel. Yeah. Nobody had a towel. He continued to stand there naked. We were somewhat in awe. Honestly. Yeah. You can ask me anything you want to believe me. I can give you the answer. Really? Honestly, but nice kid. Does it have like a little pimple on the end? Uh, that close I did not get. OK. It did not. But he's good kid. He hits hard. Yeah. I love what he did to bring to more the other day. Boy was a good clean check. He knocked his socks right off. Man, stop his ass right down there. It was a beautiful. It was a great check. I was a clean check. Yep. And Brenda Moore came after him later in the game and drove an Alcy stood his round. That's right. He bounced them off like a rubber ball off a bat wall. He's not ready to drop the gloves yet. He still has a huge knot on his hand. Yeah. Oh, and he's not. Not. Yeah, on his gland. Yes, on his gland. OK. Yes, but, uh, you're not going to be. You're not going to be at the game tonight. Why will not? Uh, my son's playing between the first and the second period. I'll be damned. So I'm happy to be right job even without me. You're just so huge. Yeah. Yes, that is true. OK. Well, I'm glad you weren't all anyway. I was in awe. Have a great life, pal. Bye, bye. You're luck to us. OK. Purple line is opening. So I'm stark naked and he was in awe. Hey, the real question is, um, what Marka room, shower, you're going to most likely be at? Which one would you like me to be in? Um, well, have you, have you been in the shower at the pretty princess? Those are real men. You check ass two opalines in day seven, five, one, W-I-O-D, two and a-brower. You know, just leave the mad dog alone. All right. He's too busy with Brian and Aaron the shower. And they just got to finish up a little unfinished business. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Ed, yeah. OK. Great. Have a great life. Uh, boint and beach. Hello. Boint and beach. Is gone. OK. Like I said, open line of day seven, five, one, two and four. They just all get locked y'all. Once the little hands get ready to hit the big hand, man. That's it. They're done. They're finished. They got locked y'all. Maybe that's, they're all done. Including that Eddie ass, Holon Pembroke Pines. You're really ought to find a life desperately. Here is Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Let me ask you a question. It's not about sports. Good. Did you hear what happened with Colin Powell now? He's not running for president because his wife is worried. He's not running for president? No. No, kidding. Because of his wife. I mentioned on here this morning, but nobody's talked about it. Yes. I just woke up a few minutes ago. Yeah. So how are you doing Neil? So who cares whether he's running for president or not? Who the hell needs his ass? That's true. Who needs him? Mr. Hot Shot. Who do you think is going to run now? What do you mean who that thinks is going to run? Bob Dole and Baba. But do you think Clint is going to run again? Yes. Well, you vote for him? Yes, I will. Well, Clint? Yes, I will. Why? Why are you going to vote for Bob Dole? You're going to vote for the dull man? And he's got a person out of like a dead frog. And he's rather than Clint? Oh, is it? Yeah. How about Heinrich Kimmer? How's that sound? He's a tech ass. Yeah. You know, Wayne Heizinger. You ever see him in Bob Dole together? No, Wayne Heizinger. You ever see him together Bob Dole in Heinrich Kimmer? No. Yeah. Go back to sleep, pal. We have an open line of day at 7.519463. All a brower to sitting there in a massive coma at 5249463. 524WIOD. The only radio station that doesn't suck. 16WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale. News talking entertainment radio. 16WIOD. Tom Jack. Can I have a like honey? Okay. Okay, 12-way to WIOD. We got open line in the toolman day to him and proud. Purple line. We got a whole bunch of knockers. They're all busy eating out there and just sitting back laid out. That's okay with us. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. We're going to be on the way to the next. Who's going to be resting under civil unrest because does not there is any such Parliament in the course. Thank you very much and thank you for your coming back. Thank you. . . It's a landslide, baby. It's no contest. So if the Republicans want to make sure that Bubba gets in there again for four years, which I will go vote 10 times for Bubba, just put up that old doll Bob doll, maybe it's a given, it's a lock, but your life on it. Here's Boca, hello. Neil. Hey, I've listened into the new station, and the girl comes on and did this. The new station? Yeah, well if you're listening to the new station, wait here what she was saying. Yeah. They did a poll, if I can say that. That's the number one reason why men get Pina out in large. Yeah. And you never guess what the number one answer was. It wasn't for satisfaction of your partner. Yeah. For satisfaction in the locker room. What do you get to think about this? Peter thinks. Yeah. Well that's right because man that you know if he looks down on you if he frowns on it man you got a big problem. I know and I figured you got it right in with Brian. He's got a big mouth and loose lip sync shifts. That's what Brian said. Couldn't believe it though. Number one for hanging out in the locker room. That's right. That one pressed the other guys. What does that tell you? I'm telling you. I agree. Sounds a little fade to me. I have a great day pal. All right. Thanks for the good news. Okay. We don't know what precious you and I better get Luis back up. Because everybody's big into that movie. The small game. What is the name of that movie? Sleepwalk. George. The one at Luis's in. What's the name of that movie? Prathlas. We're now going to get sleepwalk. Me and the other one. Prathlas. We're now going to get sleepwalk. Maybe we'll send a one Johnny. Brathlas? How come if it's Brathlas? It's not like Jerry Lee Lewis. All the Wies. All day. On your Julio station for the 90s. Julio's for Bill Clinton right here. Sign up at the door. Julio's for freedom. Julio's for democracy. Julio's against fascism. Julio's against repression. Julio's against the end of the fall thinking. Julio's against sexism. Julio's against racism and bigotry everywhere. Julio's against homophobia. God forbid. Maricone. Julio's against each other. Which we do see a lot of that by the way. No luck alone. Right? To the old. That with bad. But oh, you know that for the person. New minute. So when your land will get married by the way. We better get till before it's too late. So anyway, the best news of all. Where did we hear that? That was on entertainment tonight last night. Entertainment last night. According to Adam. And they had a thing on air about O.J. Of all things that had come to fight out that O.J. saw that movie Breathless and became. It wasn't breathless. Was it that's not what the guy said before. You're wrong. That's not the name of the movie. You jackass. It begins. It's like speechless. Sleepwalk. It's not breathless. George. What is the correct name of the movie? That's not it. Speechless. I'll spare you. Speech, breathless. Oh my god. Why is everybody calling in here thinking this is the coast today? What do they want? I mean, inside lines, the top lines. All the ways. On 97.3. The coast. The sea. I'm telling you, they might have a lot of things. I'm telling you, they might have a lot of things. They might have an audience if they put his ass on there or tell you that. So anyway, speechless. And O.J. saw the movie and then he got fast that it would Luis Miguel. He was having a concert. I guess wherever O.J. was like maybe in LA. And O.J. tried to get like some freebies and he got shine twice. They had two different concerts. He tried to get in like free passes and backstage and the whole day. And a shine does that say, get out of here. Oh, I love Luis even more now than ever before. You know what I'm saying? I know you're a good guy. I'm not a boy, Luis. Don't hang out with us like this. I'm so good. They see the same city. Why what a boy. So I want to put you can get your panther season tickets by dialing this number. And so the bottom of your screen there. See it? Just dial 1800 early. I don't have a spell as many people. Phil Henry, 26th of EM on news, talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. Bracom, hell, it damn their kiln number. He was the most famous law man in the West. Has ever known. Look, it's wet. Hey. What are you doing? Everything. Okay. Fine, why not? How are you? Okay. Some called him a hero. Others are rebel. In the end, he was a legend. Dispensing his unique brand of frontier justice. Nobody move. This is a hold-up. Not soaked. Fast, Mr. Why? I think of your hand. All right, you. Up against the wall. I've heard about you, Marshall. They say you can kill a man with your breath. They do. Oh, my God. What did you have for lunch? Oh, Samanian. Some garlic. And a slumber-grush-shake. Oh, he got me. Kevin Costner stars in the story of the West's most legendary law man. And the gunfight with his brothers at the OK Coral. Alright, why did it's me and the Clinton gun that is chewing your brothers? Drop. Ready, boys? Ready. Ready. Ready. OK. Oh, I don't have it. There. Lawrence Cazden presents Wyatt Burp. Like you didn't see that one coming. Right. Coming soon with the internet review. OK, 1218 at W.O.D. And a really nifty Friday, which is really a Thursday, but sure feels a hell of a lot like Friday to me for some reason. I can't put my finger on it. Here's the mobile and pop in a, hello. Anyhow, how are you? Great. Hey, listen, now what I was wondering is, you know, I'm playing hockey most of my life. And who the hell is going to watch hockey in Nashville? Nobody. Well, it, you know, I think it's a, even the Japanese never saw bombless big. I'll tell you that right now, guarantee you can go to the bank on it. It just, it doesn't, no, this is making any sense at all. Yeah. And, and I'm really distraught over it. Right. Can you help me? Can I help you with what? I'm just so distraught. How's that? Feel better. There you go. OK. OK, pal. Can I call someone to spend? Yeah. Tom Bragg. There's a guy who shoots a lot. We have an open line in date, 751. The two green lines, Palm Beach. It's really a sad, sorry situation up there in Palm Beach. And I wonder if the goddess has heard, I'm sure she has because she listened to this show on a way to work to get some material. But I love you personally, Randy, but this is business, I guess, that's not my idea and it's a Steve. What's his name again, Dical? He's a dillon around again. He's getting that attitude going once again. The worst of Randy tomorrow on the last three hours of the show. The worst hours of the best of the year. The worst of Randy. The worst show on WOD. And it's almost, you know, it's almost worth staying around in town just to hear that when she says, Well, that ought to be pretty good. Or when she says, OK. Here's Kendall. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Great show today. Lift that damn high thing. Screw him. Screw his ugly bald headed Pimply face dance. Oh, my question. I only got one question. Yes. When Jim and Brian go into the shower, what does Brian tell Jim? We have two open lines in days, 7519, 463, 755. I love these people who do these little set-ups, these little talk ups, like I'm going to, you know. Like I'm going to like do stuff on queue, like they're orchestrating the guy damn show. So, my dick. Here's a Pimber Pines. Hello. That was a good effort. Yeah. Pretty lame, I thought. Really, but a good effort. Yeah, very lame. And Neil, did you hear about the, uh, the dude in California who bit into the taco? With the frog. Yeah. Isn't that amazing? It could have been worse. You could have come to Hollywood, Florida, and see the frog. You know what I'm saying? How does a French Canadian fit in the taco? Good question. You know? Maybe the price was right. Yeah, I guess so. Yeah. I like it. We have an open line in, uh, date 751, what in, Broward, 5249463, what on the green line? 100, 100 weed, don't care. We're up here in Palm Beach. On that's the other story. It's a millionaire up there in Palm Beach keeps the hockey at Chinatown. Oh, he's very interested in buying the team. And it's going to be the West Palm Panthers. I got news for you. I'm going to say it again, as much as I love him. I mean, hockey is my life. I live. I die. Watch the penguins beat up on Ottawa last night. I saw some of the Rangers, a Tampa Bay Blue that game. I saw a little bit of every game. Mostly the penguins, even though Doug McLeod was doing the game. And, uh, Mike Langhead might off. But I mean, you know, something people are not going to be driving all the way. Up to West Palm Beach to go see the pair. You're crazy. Are you out of your minds? God. These maniacs. What do you got there? Brett's a more crap? Yep. Good. The crap just keeps on coming. Maybe it never stops. Oh, look at this. Smoker dinner. What is that? Smoker dinner? Where? What is that? Chardhouse? I don't know what that's all about. Anyway, did I say it's 1221 to WODV. It's a crap on that fact machine. Man, it's, uh, it's amazing. It's a start frightening. It's nose and the wind blows right through. They lost the world seriously. They lost Chasmicate. And now, they've lost their football team. Project Trip Number 9. The mistake by the late. Listen to this sound. See you soon. And qualify for tragic trip number 9. Oh, Mike. God, it's Cleveland from news, talk and entertainment radio. 610 WOD. Hey, stupid. Hey, asshole. Season Benjamin directed Charleston in the classic Burtan Gomandman. Bop-il. Yo, yo, yo, check it out. Now, Cecil B. D'Aman directs O.J. Simpson. A nine-kil mammoth because that 10th one don't hold up in a court of law. No, no, no, no. I'm saying, you'll take it out in the first movie. The payroll was as bad, you right? Inofflex is the firm and that's the heavy. 9 on on on on on. The last 10 years, I have not used a moz as word. The nine commandments were Moses to feisty and pots of ocean evidence. In a take-a-man, Moses sets his people free. Check it out in the nine commandments, Moses people set his ass free. Wee, de Curie, find a profit, wait to rich and cool-looking. To be guilty of anything you aren't in silver. Yo, it's the nine commandments. Check it out. If you don't know which one's best in man, you must have been on the mother fucking jurid. Do you sound of a bitch? Okay, 1227, a WOD. That thing is always just in case, always standing by. Anyway, here it is, right in principle, must be true, maybe. Not Latin, heart, drop, Luis Miguel may have turned down Daisy Fuentes' merch proposal, but not for long. He took her to Tiffany's and they picked out a $68,000 diamond engagement ring, which he wore right out the door. He wore it right out the door at the end of his foot. So, what's night are the guys coming in? How that's the question. Open line at Broward, 524WOD, better call it right now, man. Do you remember how your big chance? Here's a mobile in where in Miami, hello. Hi, man. Yes, sir. Listen, uh, yeah. I'm calling you from Nashville. I'm going to be talking about my amin'. Yeah, right. And we just, right. How long you had that, how long you had that phony accent, man? How long you had that phony accent, baby? How long you had that phony accent, baby? How long you had your finger out of your brain, man? You're making an air hole in there. The air got to blow in from the top. Yeah, take it up your eyes. We have an open line in day, 7519463, 751, WOD, although he did sound. You know, pretty convincing. That sound like the Nashville guy. Yeah, you're going to love Nashville. Uh-huh. Yep. That's what he said. And you know what else he said? Into which I think I already used, unfortunately, earlier, which, but it's always worth hearing again. Corn especially, isn't it? Yeah. Here is the keys on the purple line. Hey, Neil, how you doing? I'd like that guy. Yeah, what a loser. Yeah? Go back to Nashville, loser. Hey, 30 pounds on the accent is diet. Oh! The cops are flooding the keys, tail on the drive carefully. And one of the things, can you play how much for a hummer? Okay. Have a good one, Neil. 25 bucks. Open line in the purple line, pound IOD, one in Broward, five, two, four, nine, four, six. What is he talking about? Where did he come up with something grotesque and discussing like that? Like, we really have something with a name like that? George? Where did he come up with that? Anyway, don't forget, we got the best orangie from 11 to 2 to 12. Not the best orangie. It's the worst of orangie. Her last show on WIOD and George has come up with something really deep. What did he do something like? Special, is it just that nose job that got everybody better not to shave? How much for a kiss? How much for a kiss? Could a get a foreigner? Could I get a foreigner? Yeah. How much for a Manivin' home? How much for a much for a ... How much for a much scarab? I need can I touch your high knee? I got a touch of four of them. I got a touch of four of them. You wouldn't have to remind me. I've got no money to spend. Well, hold, you be my friend. I have time to take a spar. If you'll please get in my car. And I'll say to you, how much for a hum job? How much for a hum job? Could it get a four-an-a-a-a-cook? I'd get a four-an-a-cook, I'd get a four-an-a-cook, can I afford a hum job? A hum job? Doubted. 1230 a WIOD. So what, what, what, what, the guy want to hear? What? I'll put it on in the green line, 1-800-944-9463, 1-800-944-WIOD. We got the Miller-Light, the 16-Kick, the crap out of the football contest. We got the damn trip to Cleveland, the tragic trip. We got the thing with the best of Randy. We got all kinds of stuff up in the air, maybe including the silly little signs that are flying over every event in town. What's the next event? That's going to happen, huh? We're going to be flying a thing over. The annual nose picking parade in the parade. Here's four-laterdial, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. When is top of this, amigo? Come on, Mr. Doesn't this country have any memory about Bob Doll that he single-handedly lost the election for Jerry Ford back in 76? That is absolutely correct, sir. I mean, he is an embedded loser. He is a born loser, and he's a professional loser, and he's a chronic loser. I know, and he, I'll tell you, I need to scare you. In addition to which being a very old man who like goes with a win, whichever way, and of course now that the right wins got to hold him, he is sufficiently being the super-moralist and dictating what's going to be on TV, and who's going to watch this and becoming a real radical board again right-winger in this group. Well, yeah, we would be a military state. Right. What do you mean, the most dangerous person out there right now? He's one. One of the most dangerous people. One of the most dangerous people. He's not quite Bob Dornin and Pat Buchano, but he's getting close. Yeah, I just want to pass the word on him. Okay, pal. Okay, Neil, boss. Yeah. Rest in peace, pal. Don't worry about it. No problem. Bob Doll, a born loser, be a landslide. So anyway, we got, what's his name is on there? Cole and Nick. Cole is Nick. Nick has still got to sure it on, but that'll come off. He's got a schmoth on his head. Nick with a schmoth on his head. That's right. They're working out out there on the farm, maybe they're like, built in a few. Look at that. Nick is the be in the tall boy. That's a cute thing. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. She and me into calling you after months that I got a free tape from you. Yeah. Thank you. For what? What I give you? One of your Columbia house, Ted. Oh, great. It wasn't any good? Yeah, it's great, Phil. How do you like that? And I bet George was very efficient and you got it in just like a couple of days. Oh, he wanted was personal vital information. There you go. Shoot size? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I can say as you're welcome. Thank you, sir. And have a great life. Thank you. Okay. So he didn't have anything to say except thank you. But there's something nice about Sam. Thank you. Like somebody really cares as opposed to most of the freebies that we give away. Nobody even ever bothers to call say, thank you. We really enjoyed it in a great time. There are a few who do like to tickets to the game and stuff like that. Like maybe one out of every 10. And the rest of them that's like, well, what are we getting now? That was pretty good. But what do we got now? Huh? Here's a lady in plantation acres. Hello. Hi, Neil. Finally. Yes, man. Okay. I met you a couple of times at the game and I got to give you a spy report from the Marlins who we used to be seasoned ticket holders. They're going to be calling my house. Yeah. And I got this guy named Andy Major on the phone. He's a funny, new everything about everything. Yeah. And he's giving me a whole big argument because I tried to explain to him that in business, that anybody's in business and they have a lot, especially somebody in high-zingers position. You know, he's not losing anything. What are the ones who paying for his losses and his tax write-offs? The guy's giving me a whole hard time saying, I don't know what I'm talking about. And that he's really upset that the hockey's leaving. And the whole, oh, my yards for a half an hour. He's trying to keep me on the phone to renew the Marlins tickets. And I tell them, get it. We're having a petition going around the arena tonight for everybody who has season tickets to any other high-zinging of homings. And we're going to try to get everybody to find it. Oh, I love it. Great. And by the way, did you get your toilet fixed? I'm still waiting for Izzy. You know, he's a little bit slow. Because my husband does that. We live right near you in the acre. Well, stand by because if Izzy don't get his act together the next few days, I may have to give him a call. Okay. You want me to leave my notes? No, you, I'll, I'll let you know. Okay. Very good meal. And three times a week. Okay. Good luck on that thing. That's a great idea. Okay. We're going to work on it. Good for you. Good for you. Great. See ya. Bye. There he goes. Somebody's taking a ball by the horn. Are they taking a ball in their hand? We can't keep his packer in his pants. Oh, my God. Some days, everything takes more time than you expect. Fortunately, dinner doesn't have to be that way. Because in 30 minutes or less, you can put together a beef dinner. Your family will think to a cow was to prepare. That's why it all means house the kids are studying their field a little crazy. That's the wolfing down that chilly man. And across town the Bradford's are gathered round the toilet bowl, vomiting up the last of their beefy and gelatinous. And even now, Ben and Carole Baker are thinking about that funny tasting meatloat they have put in there while they're being rushed in an ambulance to the emergency room with a worst stomach cramps of their lives. You see, in 30 minutes or less, you may be able to put together a beef dinner. But given all the prep time involved, you won't have time to actually cook it. Raw beef and he could lie. It's what's her dinner. 20-till-one at WIOD day-deline opener. If you jump on a quickly-man, if you're really moved fast, maybe 7-5-1-9-46-3-7-5-1-WIOD. Here's Boca, hello. Boca. See, I don't even know why you put the pombies people on her. It's just, you know, I'm not answering them anymore. Screw him. Here's Bay Harbor, hello. Hello, Neil. Hi, this is Gary from Boston, the hockey coach. Yes, Gary. Oh, hey. Okay. Did the hockey jersey fit? Did it fit? Yeah. And then some. Quick analysis of the Huzzinga thing. What is really missing a bow-none is the kid. What do you mean what he's missing the bow-none? Do you think he cares about that? Yeah, well that's... He doesn't care about that. It's amazing if you can see the influence that he has on the kids. Well, the team has on the kids. They've got everything from the hats, the shirts. Right. Like about hockey all the time. That's right. He don't care. That's amazing. Well, one, two, a constantly hello. Sorry, not going to get the games, and I heard early that he can be out of town. Right. But we'll see you at some points hopefully soon. I'll stop by, say, hello, and have a good vacation. Okay. Well, tell the kids, Wayne says he's sorry. All right. Okay, bye. He's the great, so it's still hockey, baby. That's Wayne for you. So what were you saying about that woman that called before? We have an open line in the green lines that if there's anything... Now, if you're getting somebody up there's going to call him like, say anything. Or even make a gutterl sound. 1-800-944-9463. You people in Palm Beach, man. The biggest punch of losers I have ever seen in my life. Sorry. Sorry as... But when the passion bitch is on it... Oh, Aaron, I don't know. I've got this very tiny penis and everybody laughs at me. That kind of stuff. W-I-O-D. Drop that queer. Yeah, there we go. But week, very weak now. You better work on it. Okay. Really better work on it. W-I-O-D. Drop that queer. 1-800-944-4C. If you really brought him a little bit, they can come up with a good material. 1-800-W-I-O-D. Well, that must have been my call that you heard to Aaron. That's a small penis. That was it. That was me. You don't have to feel bad. You got a lot of company. Yeah. Yeah. And that's it. W-I-O-D. Here's another thing. Let's do a mobile in Miami. Yeah. Yeah. How you doing, buddy? Okay. Let's say, and I'm pissed off about losing the pants or two, but that's not going to stop me from going to the game to rest of this year. No, I mean, I don't know if you're suggesting that. Nobody is suggesting that. Sure. No one is suggesting that. We're not going to abandon the pants just because of God damn Wayne High Pingo. I think they're really playing over their head. And I think they got a chance to show a lot of people. That's because they got a great coach who can motivate these guys. And really put a spark onto the rest. Look, we did for Niedermr Manis. Kid was asleep until Doug McLean got here. Really? He worked nice guys up. He used to look at the bench from before. This was like a morgue over there. Now it was really good. Especially the coaches to stand there with that wrinkled up. Push you never know if it was a mannequin or the real thing. Yeah. I wanted to thank you for the tickets. So, for the last game. Fire game. It was great. That was a good one to be there. Yeah. It was a dynamite third period. It was a little bit. It was electrifying. And there was a few more people but we need to build up, baby. Exactly. Hi, came us across. Yes? L-P-G-A. All right. Thank you. See you. W-I-O-D. W-I-O-D. It's a peddys leave. Wayne dies. Uh, open line and data. Totally the good calls come on the Palm Beach lines. 1-800-9-4-4-9-4-6-3. We don't want to start getting much boss. We don't want to make any threats. But guess what? Here's a hell and Dale. Hello. Hello, Dr. Uh-huh. It hurts when I do this. Nick. Open line and the Broward. See you posted too far, pal. And you posted a little bit too far. 5-2-4-9-4. Oh, look at that. W-I-O-D. Good respect to Howard. W-I-O-D. Hello, Neil. Yes? Really? W-I-O-D. Neil. Yes. Uh, you can't do best of tomorrow. You know that, you. That's that asshole. Asshole Greg. W-I-O-D. Where are the payings up? Isn't that amazing? Isn't that a shocking view that the people in Palm Beach, what do we got? Like 400 listeners up there? No matter what it might be, unless it's a giveaway or an opportunity to show their ass to the world, they can't do it. But give them an opportunity to do either or both. And man, it's astonishing. It's amazing. And let me tell you something, Greg. No matter how desperate we might be on any show on this radio station, you're still out. Okay? You're out, Greg. W-I-O-D. Lock it in. W-I-O-D. You gave me her piece. But the price was right. Who are we doing here? Oh, wait, we're online. Mobile at Oakland Park. Hello. Yes, sir? Leave and sound is from the call. Thank you for the five years of great radio. What do you mean you're leaving town? You mean like permanently? Yeah, I couldn't. You're leaving town? Couldn't take you there. You're leaving us? You're leaving this tropical paradise? I can go into those thick city. Where's that? In the inapples. Well, you got Bob and Tom up there. Anyway, got a great radio show. They are great. Yes, they are. Good. And it's not that they've never called you. Let's keep been a fan for five years. And you're right, too. But you're not leaving now, are you? As far as my last day. You're leaving in the middle of November to go up north? What a mess of this. What a maniac. In Indianapolis in the middle of the goddamn wintertime? Go figure. Yeah. That's all I have. I've got no material. Okay, take a lot of supper with you. Well, do. Okay, good luck. Okay, there he goes. Good luck to our pies on. We've been telling you, it's not like he was under the age of 100. Might have an IQ bigger than his goddamn member. How do you like that? He's gone. They're leaving. They're leaving. It's 1246 at WIOD. 16. WIOD. A thousand milligrams of aspirin is not enough. Voices of this program brought to you by a Mr. Queen. Our purpose guns are Mr. Queen. Makes everything smell pretty. And now, back to our show. Go. Are you? What's the matter with less being offered? Can't you tell we really love hidden balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs, bathroom stalls. When the girl friend is also caddy, she's the friend I'm the bitch. She calls me daddy. But I've got five kumi talker all right. She's still ladies golf to me. My favorite hole it doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway. No sweat because I'm a snapper. Lapper. I play golf and I'm gay. You're something. I miss a machine. Time got hard. You club half. Let me golf. It's the only time that they're got. I'm gay. Let's play. L-U-T-A still ladies golf to me. And riders disgrace chipset. My face is still ladies golf to me. 1251 at W-I-O-D. Happy Thursday. It's a hell of a day. Maybe we got no put line in day. 7-5. One house to crank lines. Come and W-I-O-D. I hate you. Okay. Boy, man, it's been a long time, huh? It's been a long time, pal. Jesus, holy crap. Here's West Palm Beach on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, man? I don't know, man. Finally. You tell us. Thanks, Canadian. Yeah. And I've been listening to you for five years. You're a French-Canadian, you're a frog? Yes, sir. Hey. Cartist up. Yeah. Yeah. Come out. Come out, Max. Okay. You got it, man. Okay, pal. See you. Get out of town. What the hell was that? What was that? No, no, no, no, no, no. Oh, that's what that was. That's what I thought you said something about a big Mac. Oh, it was a French-Canadian black eye with a bow tie that was standing up in McDonald's on a thing, how can I try to get about the high prices that what it was? Here's plantation. Hello. Take it, sir. Let's do a four-laterdale. Hello. Okay. Boy, they're smoking now. They're smoking it. Pembroke pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you hear about the recent Miguel pine of 75? I just got through reading that like five minutes ago. Turn on a radio pal. Get out of here, Jackass. Here is what we do. You're not moving here. It's fast enough for me. Here's homestead. Hello. Hey, look. I'm doing it. Listen, by the way, I've been to Nashville before on business. And there is no hockey base there. There's no human. There is no human base there. There's nobody there whose alive was not a redneck at a nose picker. You know, I just, there's a lot of good things about the town that I'd like. Like what? Like what? Some other people that like the country music. Oh, God. Who? That's about it. Other than that, it's nice place to visit, but you wouldn't want to live there. I have lived there for a month. Well, that's enough. That was more than enough. Like for a week's more. He was a one-day asker. Can I go back to Saturday or Tuesday night again to fly or something? Yeah. No one be had what you could almost break away and got pulled down. Why wasn't that a penalty shot? He used just got through saying it almost to break away. Almost. Okay. Almost on the counts and horseshoes and quits. So you have to have a couple of steps on the different ones. They have to have like a full step. You have to be in the clear and then if they put you down for behind that's a penalty shot. Okay. And lastly, under your hockey players, Rod Brinn and more without a doubt. He's right in the running. I'll tell you that. Although I'll surge you a moment, so give me a hell of a run for it. Good point. That's a good vacation. Thanks a lot. I'm not going on vacation yet. By the way, I'm just going to be here tomorrow. Be here Monday. Don't get all panicky and nervous in psychotic. Although vacation is soon on the hills of that. Like very soon. But I'm not going on vacation yet. Okay. It's just a holiday tomorrow. Everybody else is going to be screwed off tomorrow. So why the hell should I be here? Right? Fill won't be here tomorrow. We got hours and hours. We got tape up the ass tomorrow, baby. That machine is going to be like grinding to a halt. Just like the audience. We have an open line in Broward 524WWWD. Look at those green lines when they couldn't keep it up. W-Y-O-D. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Why are you knocking everybody from Palm Beach County? Because they're more ons. They're more ons. Because they're dead heads. You can't. They just don't move. They don't get off their ass. They just sit on the rest and look at the moon. Why do you say such things right there? Because it's a truth. It's not the truth. I'm good. I'm going to talk about it. What is it? Let's talk about the Miami Dolphins. Why is that? Why not? Who the hell cares about that? I know you do. No, I don't. It's your favorite subject. No, it's not. W-Y-O-D. Yeah, mobile and elva. Mobile and what? Elva. What is that? It's a little town just outside of the bell. Outside of the bell? Yes. Are you shot in me or what? No. I'll be damned. How are you doing, buddy? What can we do for you? This is a cute, a stick. Yes. How's it hanging? It's hanging right up in there. And a cute, a stick too? Exactly. Hey, I'll listen to your show religious news. It's getting darker by the minute. Listen to your show religious news. Right? I love listening to you every day. And bless you, my child. And in closing? Yes. Tony, step an outie. Step an outie. Okay. Oh. Oh. Tony is a Stefanazzi. I love that. We have an open line in the day, 7, 5, 1, 9, 4, 6, 3. Is that like a Feminazzi? A Stefanazzi. How you doing, Tony? Oh, he's not related to Tony at the parking. By the way, I met Tony, the parking guy's wife, the other day at the game. And she's very nice and has a much nicer nose. Here is the Opalaka. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir? Hey, how did my deal? Boy, Nick sure looks good and red, don't he? Yes. Lord knows I don't want to be having, but if the panthers go. It's happening. Can we get a wing to serve off the shoelace contract as well? To sell off his contract? Yeah. Maybe we can send shoelace to Nashville. Hey, that sounds even better. Got another question for you. He'd be good up there. He'd be good all country boy, huh? He can pick it with the best of them. No, they won't like him. He's to quiet. Question for you. Yeah. I heard, um, our Emma Fud. There's something I think was, uh, no Henry. Emma Fud with a rabbit. Oh, that was not on fuel Henry. Were they on you? Yes. I like old Harry's playing Elmer Fud with a Wab. It's Phil Henry. Don't play that stuff. Were they you? That was me. Wow, it was great. I thought it was so Henry there. That was great. And I hear it. So, in other words, it was great. You thought you hear our Phil show, but if it was just okay, you thought you would hear it on the show. That was what you're saying. Well, no. I mean, that sounds like a real backhanded compliment. It sounds like I've fist up my butt as what it sounds like. No, sounds like you're just sticking in there and twisting it around and tearing my guts out. You forced to fart. No, you don't. You're just saying that because you want to hear that damn Wab it thing. Yeah, I really do. Oh, you'll hear it. Thanks, Lyle. See a pound. Okay. Phil says you're a suckhold. We have an open line in day, 7509, 463. It was really good. So I think I must do it on a Phil Henry show, right? Phil is great, though, by the way. Let me say it again, in case anybody missed it earlier. The fact that Hank Goldberg might be all though. He doesn't believe it. He just says it to try to like cover up. But if he did ever believe that he could compete. I'm not talking about numbers, bogus, a few diaries here. I'm talking about over the long term or just based on sanity, on rationality, on anybody judging ability and talent and humor and anything that they're doing on here. If he really believes that he can compete with Phil Henry, this man is in Lyle Landman. He couldn't lick Phil Henry's bald spot this guy, this fat slob. What a joke. And he's on there talking about, well, I had this number. Yeah, you got a number, I'll write, pal. And I think it's about up. Here's Opelaka. Hello. Are you on it with Opelaka? What are you doing there? Are you dealing with my own? Huh? They're gone? They're gone, and somebody else called it. And it's a sweet old lady who wants to send money to send her one. So I'm going to talk to her. Oh, when you talk to her, well, I'll talk to Lyle Landman on a purple line. Hello. Me, oh. Yes. I am so depressed about what? Oh, about the panther. Don't say you're depressed because that'll only make him feel better, okay? Well, I don't want to make your head up high, pal. I like a man. I am a man. That's why I want my boys around so I can enjoy it. Yeah. I'm telling you, I've been walking around with my... I'm telling you. I'm telling you. I'm going to figure up your ass here. And it's dragging. I thought the press I am. I'll be damned. I don't know. I don't know. I'm waiting for the last minute, bottom of the ninth, two hours. I'm praying. I hope that's... I'm rubbing my rosary beads real hard. All right. Okay. Thank you Neil. Keep rubbing them. Open line in purple line 18T Wireless Pound IOD. One of the deadline where a lot of people call on asked George Silly question. All of that is not a Silly question. If you want to buy the best of Rick, the best of Fiel Henry, the best of Neil, the Neil on plug with that great stunt ass on a cover. And yeah, there is a few cuts on the on plug that we're also on the 93 on plug, but that's two years ago and most people don't have that yet. So don't be nitpicking. Okay. Plus there's words here and again anyhow. You can phone in your order, baby, and they're whipping them out in the mail real fast. They do want to send satial job over there at center one. If we say so ourselves, five, six, one, all, all, all seven eight is the number. Five, six, one, all, all seven eight. And you can order them by phone or... And of course the T-shirts too. Or you can stop at your borders, books, and music and cafe, and etc. Stories in cross-brings, adventure, and candle. And don't forget, Boca and Fort Lauderdale, stores will be opening like almost any minute, almost any second. And the Fort Lauderdale store is going to be right by the gallery. We'll have the exact address in the next couple of days, like probably Monday or Tuesday. And we're going to be doing our next appearance. All of us Rick and Sads fill in yours truly Saturday, December 2nd. One to three at the borders in Fort Lauderdale for their grand opening. So keep your eye peeled for that. In the meantime, in our first full week from last Wednesday through yesterday, 28,001 dollars for Senator One, which is one phenomenal degree. I don't think we ever had a first week like that, did we? Not in the history of the human race, did we ever ever start like that? So thank you so much, and keep it up and get your ass on that phone. From the beginning, and still the home of Miami Dolphin, and WIOD, Miami Fort Lauderdale. How a news, talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD.