Oh, that no matter how much you spend, oh, there's Joseph Gackie. Oh, God How could anybody put his push on TV, you know? At a boy Kurt look at that current abit all right just over his glove. It looks like a triple domain of Marlins kicked their ass tend to two of their unbeatable at home So anyway, what was I just saying 30 day guarantee. Oh, yeah about 30 day guarantees on crap Because most of us are like even at goddamn juicer I bought from that phony juicy man on TV on an infomercial I think that was like about a $2 or $300 item Use that once it broke and stuck in the goddamn closet. I got it right now anybody want it And the same with that stupid pasta maker that guy named Ron Popeel thing, which it does work I mean if you want like you know if you like eating shoelaces with the pasta sauce Really weak and He used it a couple of times and then it goes in the goddamn cupboard somewhere around the trash Because they know that almost everybody is too lazy. They're not gonna save the box They're not gonna pack it all up. They're not gonna send it back. It just ain't gonna happen very very rare. They got all the statistics on it. They know So when you get crappy service or when you have problem like the thing on a plane with all little kids You don't sit down or write a letter say hey by the way I'm you know, I may not be one of your medallion level members that flies 80 million miles a year But I happen to be a frequent flyer fly a lot of miles spend a lot of guy damn money with your bankrupt airline How about you know, but you know, but you know a little bit For example, I stayed in a hotel this weekend in Boston that I stay at fairly often Not a cheap hotel pretty expensive as a matter of fact it put me in a room the size of a broom closet And I'm not exaggerating man. I thought I was out of the closet this weekend I felt like I had gone back in small tiny Now they have in our computers. They know how often you stay there. They know if you're regular or not and Yeah, you know, so if I were smart I'd call them up like today when I get home and say hey you want me to stay there again No more posted stamp size room because you know there's no way in the world that they're sold out You know you punch the elevator no problem. The old up and down. It's right there in a second That places empty and a stick in a goddamn place for a 180 bucks tonight You could seriously you could stick a broom and a TV and that's about it Here's West Kendall hello West Kendall yes, hello. Okay Good listen my girlfriend and I got back from Vegas. Yeah four nights five days. Yeah, it was incredible We're just stay. We stayed at the MGM grand. Yeah, and it was hadn't been there in 17 years. Oh my god Oh, man, that's city is two. We haven't been there in 17 years. You didn't recognize almost anything It's exactly correct, but listen something that didn't change the people were were nice They were no snob, no horn honking and I don't know what it is with this town, but what can I tell you? Did you see the thing that they're doing downtown on Fremont Street by the way? No, we didn't go downtown Well, it's not done yet, but in December They're gonna have the whole thing done what they're doing is they're closing the Fremont Street and Terri and they're making it like a big walking mall and Inclos and they're gonna have all these light shows at night It's gonna be phenomenal. They're really booching up the downtown You know, there are so much to do in that city. I mean we could have stayed two weeks and done different things and Well, one thing that I noticed we would win in several different hotels and he hotel has a different atmosphere Yeah, you know everything for I mean a little bit of something different for everybody But I mean this town desperately needs to the town like Vegas Yeah, hold your breath pal. Yeah, but anyways take it easy pal and thanks for all the good suggestions. Okay hang on tight. Bye See you Just hang on tape baby wait another two three hundred years We'll get it down here man the Indians they're doing it there sticking all kinds of stuff Where the hell was it? What was our reading about someplace where they think it's in Massachusetts? That I was reading in the global yesterday They want to put in all the per mutuals are trying to get like I forget how many like 500 to a thousand slot machines put in because they want to compete with the Indian gambling thing that they got going And I think that they're gonna get it too Because they want the Indians want to keep them happy and keep them shut up and keep selling a peddling all their crap in their bingo and their casinos and they're Stale cigarettes But not here baby not here because this continues to be a real place The deadlines all open five two four on the brow we got two of those open seven five one and date all three In other words, we're dying over here now two and a half hours though not too bad for a Monday not too bad on a Monday when a kids are all going out We only talked about 4,725 different guy damn things everything from Brian Wilson the kids that puke on your shoes and a guy named airplane and you name it in between And the meantime every line in date is wide open 75 one and two and a bright and if you think I'm getting excited about your wrong cuz lunch is coming That's always your up for lunch in a casinal paycheck and that's about it and guess what nobody gives a crap Cuz there ain't nothing going on inside this building. I mean nothing Zipity do da. Neuro is up there fiddling and Rome is burning You know there's two kinds of people in the world today those in management and those of us who have to work for them Those on the internet and those who are not I guess is what we're trying to get at wake up because it's 1995 baby, in fact it's almost over get online right now Would you rather be online or get online or stand online the information super highway is here But where do you go who do you call you might be asking how do you get on top of it here? So I'll draw you a map call IGC internet gateway connections at 305 43030 there's South Florida's internet experts. They can set you up on the internet for as little as 1750 a month They can show you all the fun things you can do if you or your business require more bandwidth than a 28.8k connection The IGC experts can provide you with various connections solutions including SDN and T1 services If you've never been on the internet, what are you waiting for because if you want to be in today If you want to be one of those little nerds you got to do it call 43030 for a one week free subscription Serving the nets made easy when you call the internet experts at IGC internet gateway connections serving date Broward and Palm Beach counties sign up today and be sure to ask when you call how you get that one week for free on the net 305 43030 30 610 WID A symphony of words in a very strange key It's happening this weekend at the Miami convention center the Miami drug dealer and gun show Thousands of dealers will be on hand to meet all your plus thirsty knee you can save lots of Millions perhaps even billions of nine Stringers Military genitalia, I mean military meat movie stars like Joseph and the actor who played hitman Willie Cheat She in the godfather that's right. We want a bus us Buffles over we will buff us try the all you can eat feel buffet provided by dimsy It's the best in the city test your accuracy your shoot the tourists target our change Drop the kids off at the free gun cleaning class for children and visit the redneck Ennis in large moon enter the Janet Reno look alike Simple the goods at drug dealers corner See the latest in gun technology like the Kovorky and Devil Floss 38 special Shoot a doctor at the Bible who sponsored by the NRA and goal belly boarding in the artificial way of blood You'll have tons of fun with gun and it's all legal Only $5 to bribe the cop at the door kids are free the Miami drug dealer and gun show It's not just a show Okay, so here's a facts from rich pack deri 1234 Wiod and also I wrote a note down here why to make sure somebody called I was asking who the TV announcer is for the Cleveland Indians Don't we ever get any information that's right anymore? Or this audience has slipped to an all-time low all ten of them It's John Sanders is the guy herb scored as the Indians on a radio or at least he did maybe he's still I don't know and I don't care but John Sanders is the guy who's the play by play guy for the Indians on sports channel Cleveland He is so bad so boring so coma inducing They got a great team and exciting team and they got this asshole John Sanders the all-time worst makes Jay Raid All sound like God damn Bob Prince and Mel Allen rolled into one John Sanders you blow Here's a lady in Jensen Beach, hello How are you doing? Pretty good how are you okay can barely hear you? So going pretty good yeah, yeah I just have a couple opinions. I mean I'm young but I'm believed that women they shouldn't be in the army or anything like that Yeah, I mean it's ridiculous. I mean they should have stopped that when they went through the police academy and and And crap like that. Yeah, but I just want to give you my opinion. Okay, I have a great day you're phone that blows a whole phone system blows I say let's blow up the guy damn phone system and start from scratch In fact, with what calls we got on there now we might as well start that right this second two open lines in date 7.5 are we done? I mean if we're finished just tell me and I'll play Brian Wilson till 2 o'clock Okay, please don't lead me on with the occasional caller to hear like a little tease if we're all done Just let me know okay because I'll be more than happy to put on the Brian Wilson I got the whole album here all the cuts will play him over and over again I'm putting his draw the other in the car like he like he looked last night This is what's America's all about man talk about the jaded guy damn And we're in a wonder there all lined up for windows 95 anything just so we don't have to watch the guy damn Brian Wilson thing on Disney last night and Disney's put it on no less way to lay bring back Mickey mouse with the Alzheimer's that's going to be a lot of fun for the whole family Here's Miami on a purple line hello. Hey Neil great show. Yes sir. Wayne Arnold got a meat lover special. Yeah. Eggs bacon burgers and he inaugurated so on today. The lady at the counter was I could just plug it in. Yeah. And I asked him why I said well it's time to start listening to him again. Turned off the dude box turn your radio on and you were coming on. Well good point man. I think that's going to put me over the top. Thanks for the good news paling. Okay don't the lay off the meat. We have an open line on the purple line pound I would be we got one in the brown we got one in date we got four green lines we got to sever on the pink line there. Look at that for the lavender lines are loose they're on the loose baby to loose lot tracks. Boy in shooting released girl start starts house fire burn detective critical. Pilot pull from ocean. Other than that it's just another goddamn day and paradise. The one thing that nobody has talked about including anything else is the fact that there was one little posse and he just goes away for the weekend you think I miss and what's going on wrong. What they was this this is oh it's yesterday's yesterday's Sun Sentinel buried. This should be a big story but of course because it's something positive we don't want to. You know let's not get too carried away. Arena search comes full circle incentive leads heat and panthers back to downtown Miami. And it looks like our teal junior the Metro Commissioner general is an asshole but in this case we love him. He says they may be able to raise 80 million dollars in public financing and they may vote on the issue. The commission at least by September 14 and maybe we're going to build a newer arena downtown which is what I suggested weeks ago that. You know they got all that land right around the goddamn present one you know by up a few blocks all that slum down there. Tarrat down build a nice brand new beautiful arena take the present one tear that down build a fantastic nice modern parking garage. And you got a place you got a place. So that's a little bit of positive news because other net those panthers will be long gone after the season if we don't get that done. They'll be like or any hardwell would say long gone make no mistake about it. And by the way all and also I wanted to correct see can say anything these people never recall you on it. I said sit for an and is on Friday wasn't pitching anymore he's five and one with a fillets with that fat ass. I can't believe that did you know sit for an and is was still pitching. Oh my god the only problem is the mr. he missed the turn of rotation because he's got a strain back again. You notice how he's always got back problems because he can't stand up straight supporting that what that ass. How the hell does anybody with an ass like that stand on that goddamn mound. Cecil Fielder and Moe Vaughan put him together man you may have one cheek. Here's a mobile in Miami lake. Hello. Yes sir. The question for you. Have you ever seen David half a half in Dan marino in the same picture? You have a Danny drives a better car. I'm sure he probably does. Doesn't talk back to me either. No but he you know just kind of look the same. Yeah good brother. Okay. Okay bad really bad. Yeah Danny looks like the joke or in Batman that's a little mascara on there. Come on Danny a little just a little bit of that white face trust me he's got to made put that Jim Kirito shame he's got the lips for it baby. How's Louis lips doing? Can you wouldn't it be a great that would be great Dan marino and Louis lips. So I can just hear bills in for right in the middle of the third quarter of the Ejets game Irving spikes his wife. She's on the 30 and sick and fast. Nobody cares about that like I said Bobby Cox Warren moon Mark Fitzpatrick just a whole bunch of jokes out there they beat the crap out of their women and that's just the way it's supposed to be and if you women don't like it too bad. I mean what kind of crap is that and these people were supposed to admire them and pay for their autograph Irving spikes you slime ball you piece of crap. It's going to be a long year for those dolphins you mark my words it's going to be a long frustrating tool mulch who is year and I don't want to mention any particular names but somebody's going to wish that he would have hung it up with a hand of the keys of the kingdom right over to Jimmy there and let him have all those problems baby because it just ain't worth it. I got looked for something else to do and fast. Here's Tamarack hello. Hey Neil how you doing okay. I was going to see if you would see those commercials a channel four has on for the dolphins like promo spots no and they show like a breeno plane and they say oh they've got to got they've got this and they've got that and then they have this picture of she'll come on and they say they've got the brain. We need some help. I was waiting for what they say they have the brain. Oh my god they left a stem out. They left a stem out that's all I wanted to say. Incredible. Thanks a good news yes. Could you do one favor whatever you like. He lives on queer street. Okay. Thank you. See you. We're cause here today. I don't know what this is cause we only know there's only like ten faggots in the world and I'm one of them. Just never bought gold said in Bob Dorn and let's see that's two more faggots in the West. He lives on queer street. Well Danny. He lives around on queer street. You're a bag of Danny. He has a house and garden. I would love to see what happens. Hages, toes and pets is monkey. Women call, they can look real monkey. He has always wears and knows what to do. All right. He wants me and he. He lives on queer street. He reports we're all the creatures being. I wonder what they're doing. He says he likes to just find. How they can. If you know juicy like I know juicy. I love the. He lives on queer street. Linker's around on queer street. He has a house. So that leads me to ask the musical question. Where does Louis Oliver want me to? He is on queer street right now. Here's Miami on our bad line. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Talk about somebody who should have hung it up long time ago. Somebody who's over the hill. You ever seen Shua and yourself in Samarut? Oh yeah. Great call. Brilliant. But you're a list in Brawl. That's all that counts. The price is right and you're a list in. How did I know that's where that was going? Open line and day. See that's your typical dolphin fan there right there man. Can't cope with it. Can't deal with it. 751 Wiodd and day. And of course they're in basically shell shock right now because they lost three out of four to girls teams in a preseason and they know they've been talking to big game and they still got 3,000 unsolved tickets for the goddamn jet scale. Wouldn't it be embarrassing if the jet fans outnumbered the dolphin fans like that giant scheme two seasons ago. That would be real embarrassing wouldn't it? I kind of think so. An additional which guess what pala check looks real good every Thursday. 1244 Wiodd. Have you had a snap a lately? Have you had a good cold one in your hand? Somebody had to choose from. You wouldn't believe it. It's like a goddamn smorgous board of beverages. Real brood iced tea. Fruit drinks. Fruit juices. Some fantastic flavors of the sodas. All kinds of great to like the snap up for all you superjucks who we're going to need to cool off after get pissed off when a jet upset the dolphins on Sunday. It's going to be an embarrassing thing man. And if snap a las and make an aflavi want like right this minute, they're probably working on it in the laboratory right as we speak. No preservatives, no antivis, no crap, no artificial anything. Just made from the best of honor. That's the snap al-Model man and that's why snap al is big. Coast to coast all over the goddamn world. Pick it up for finer beverages our soul. 610 Wiodd. Once a bloody glove between friends. After twenty-one years at sixteen albums, the grand daddy is a punk rock. I'm trading in their leather coats for flannel pajamas. That rock is rock and roll, that rock rock, rock rock, rock and roll. It's rock and roll nursing home. But farewell CD from the legendary speed metal quartet that made punk almost famous. When it's twenty-twent-a-four, I wish to go. I'm going to be creative. Pull the head off real quick, just to clean it my room. Hurry, hurry, hurry, see for a minute. You'll also hear great songs like it's him to have a replacement hit. Making stare and there's soon to be classic. I was a tapioca flea. Rock and roll nursing home. The guitar gilded goodbye from the pioneers of punk. It rocks so hard it'll make you have to sit down. Rock and roll nursing home. On holly den breakfast. Okay, let's see if we can't help pull Brian out. Baby, let's take up a collection for Brian Wilson and Brian Blades. Everybody else named Brian. What was his name? And life of Brian? Just Brian. Opaline and Broward. 5249. 463. 524. Wiodine. Now what is this? They're running promos. CBS so break. Next money. What does that? They're running promos for the young and a horny. On a young and a horny. But I guess that's for the so break. So don't drop it. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes. Did you see Bob Greasy on Saturday Nightman? I only talked about that 75 times pale about the fact that his hands look like he's got wax paper on him and they're all modeled and got round spots. Yeah, I figured he did. And liver spots? I think he's spot. I think he's spot. I think he's spot. I think he's spot. He's spot. There's another good call. Yeah. Closet fan. Yeah. In the dolphin closet. With Louis Oliver. Interving spikes. Two open lines and Broward. 524. See what I mean? Childish. Juvenile. Your pathetic man. Your comebacks. Your lines. That's the same guy. Oh yeah. And there's a group of people at the f Disneyland restaurant where he gets inspired and he would get in a moment. Who sht do you want to eat or shot in Stinkin' Fish anyway? Even a smoldier can't get past. Here's West Boka. Yeah, sir. I did. His way is bow shop. Yes, sir. One great point about Bryan Wilson program last night was that. The statement against drugs. I mean, here's a man who was on top of his prepared dog. Those are very agency. I don't know why. Just be a friend of mine and see. All the Andrew Holdham took an man out. Those papers saying that Pet Sal was one. co-banded by the way. And as a gentleman and Jimmy Hendrix and what's her name? Jim Morrison doing it. Here's a guy who's alive and you can see the difference. What do you mean he's alive? He was on top. He was the best. What do you mean he's alive? He's a show. What do you say he's alive? It's a great point for anyone who's doing drugs. Look to watch that film. That'll make a stop. Yeah, right now. That'll make a stop. All right. There we go. Okay. Nancy Reagan, your small potatoes sweet heart. Take off the red dressing. Let's see what you got. Baby, I'm sure it ain't much. Just saying no, pales into wincing. Difficult. Just watch that flick last night on Disney with Brian Wilson. What is that out of the corner? Like that. And you'll stop doing the drugs right now. All right. You know, they say this show is just about your crap. But I'm going to tell you. Every once in a while we come along. And we solve one of the great problems of the goddamn world. And right there is the man who did it. And thank you so much, sir. Just saying no. Now, come on. You can do it. Everybody get together. If they offer you anything that's like bad for you. Even if it's goddamn caffeine. Just say no. There you go. That'll chase him away. Two open lines. It's Broward. Five, two, four, W-I-O-D. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. Two on a green lines. One, eight, hundred. One, nine, hundred. Call whatever to hunt you like. Okay. Let's get the sex bitch on here. Let's get Dr. Laura on here. Let's get Gary Burbank on here. Let's get Chris Baker on a guy, Damer. Let's bring Meg Greenback. Once shecky Patterson's start, what time does the Joey Reynolds show start? Here's a mobile anodious. Hello. Hey, hey, how are you doing? Okay. Gary Burbank. I do like him. I wish he was on it. When the sex bitch was on. Yeah. But I've got a couple things saved. Doing the Patriots kick ass. And they sold out. Unlike the Dolphins. You ever do a game sold out? Airbie game. And they're probably going to sell out next year before this year. Right. That's right. Through Rose House. Does he look for trouble? Evidently he goes after the most savory guys you can find. Right. That's it. He actually nailed. I can't believe I haven't read that. Yeah. Drew Rosenhouse. Man, there's another guy that Difa was looking his ass here a few weeks ago. He's knocking it up like it's a big joke. Well, you know, Brian, he's got to play football. He's got other priorities besides his son, cousin that he shot. And Irving, you know, I'm sure he's very distraught. We'll have to find out what the, what it's all about, what the bitch's done. Yeah, Drew. You're a hell of a class guy, baby. There's another guy named Prostitute just pouring the money off all these guys. He don't give a crap. What the hell he do as long as they don't jeopardize the contracts so we keep getting his guy damn cut. That's all he wants. Just give me my guy damn share and keep your nose clean. That's the whole deal with Drew Rosenhouse. Two open lines in Broward 5249463. Here's a mobile and four-loader nail. Hello. Hello, Dacer. I don't you'd be interested in this. I know. Uh, that's about Drew Rosenhouse. Yeah. He gets it all play his bike. Take a practically no percentage on the road. There's a percentage on their signing bonus. But his father invests all the millions that they get from the board players. And his father has gotten the bank. Well, see, has been in bank, well, see. How'd you like somebody managing your money that's been in bank. But see, cannot manage his own. Great. Where do I sign up? Go ahead. I say where do I sign up? Just call Drew. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. But this is a factor. You can check that out. I'll check it out. Thank you. Yeah. No rock. Speaking. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Can't hear you. Yep. I grew up in this area. Serious. Really. Yeah. And then all over the country. Travel. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. How come I can't hear this call, George? Is there a special reason why you came online, suck? Oh, because the phone line, suck George said. Because I'm engineering departments busy playing pivotman downstairs. But have a great day, pal. See, lost the call. The guy just disappeared. He feels bad. He feels like it was a wasted guy damn effort. The guy sucking all over my guy damn body. A great call or a good guy. And he's gone. Why? Because the phone system here blows. Because every guy damn phone line is worse than the other one. And Steve Ziggler is down there. Stick at his guy damn ass for ratis in the mid-wines business. God. All mighty. And narrow green is wandering around a building with food in this post. That's a boy, Bobby. You're really doing it, baby. You don't have to worry about that new building. We'll just turn this one into a parking lot in about six months. Open line and bro are at 5249463, 524Wild. So how about that new arena? Let's get something going in this town. You sound negative, knee. You sound, yeah, right. I'm negative, okay. I'm just sitting here telling it the way it is. Banging and pleading and praying that something good happens. That we get struck by a miracle lightning bolt from up above. That's going to do something good. Here's Dierfield on the purple line. Hello. Hi, hey, doing Neil. Okay, sir. You're a pretty smart guy. Can you explain to me what the logic is of channel 4 switching with channel 6 with their Lousy signal? It had to do with some kind of a deal that whoever it is that on channel 4 made with whoever it is that on channel 6 they purchased a station in Philly. And part of the agreement on the deal was that CBS was going to get channeled with own channel 6 here that they would get the facility of channel 4 that has a much better signal in exchange for which channel 4 winds up on 6 would have it a crappy signal. I would have it a part of their deal. So it's just they're like an appendage. See what I'm saying? They're an appendage to the deal on Philadelphia. It's really strange. Something that they've done on the show. Just wait till channel 6 gets on 4 and people will actually be able to see Dave Game. Then there's going to be riots in the streets in this town. The interesting thing is channel 6 just improves their signal about two weeks ago. And you can actually get channel 6 in the south方 beach County area. They did it. Yes. The signal is the same as it was right after the hurricane when they were using the antenna a little bit further north. When they had to switch back to home. Well are you talking about that? Are you talking over the error on cable? I'm talking about over the air. Really? On channel 6 you can now get it. It's the picture sometimes is a little bit grainy. Yeah. But we don't want Dave game to be grainy. We wanted to be clear and vivid and massive man. Well it's not it's not perfect. It's not a lot better than what it used to be and you can actually see it and hear it. And want to be a shend that Brian Norcross and Tony Segretta with the silly suspenders are going to have to be on that much you know that inferior signal won't be bad. Well you can still get the sound real well. It should be pictures a bit grainy and you can get it now. I mean it just happened about 5 to 6 days ago. And now you can get it now. Well maybe it has some maybe it has something to do with it. I wouldn't be surprised. Isn't that happen on like on September 10th? Yeah. So that was the FCC apparently wasn't going to let them boost their power. Probably somebody paid them off. You know the FCC. Yeah possible. Okay pal. And have a great day. Yeah I think it's happening on September the 10th. They've been promising. They've been threatening it and it's going to be real confusing. And in 5 minutes you'll be used to it. It'll be the same old crap. You'll have Jenny Jones and you'll have Montel and you'll have Sally Jesse and you'll have Carlos Chavez, Junior Schwartz, whatever that guy's name is Perez and you'll have what's the broads name The blonde who yet? Christina. Christina you'll have that bitch in the film. Maybe if he don't go out of business because NBC they're dropping them off WNBC in New York or whatever the hell of Filly he was on there. Dropping the Donna you show and you'll have her while though and you'll have Sally Jesse and I say Montel and you'll have Murray Puppek. They'll all be on there. Okay. With all the couples that make believe screaming and yelling and all the domestic and we're worried that everything spits beat up his wife. Maybe he was watching the guy damn Richard Baschel. That's probably what's set him off. He was watching one of those guy damn TV shows. He was watching Jenny Jones. That looks like a good idea. That'll shut the bitch up. And he just gave her a little watch for. Okay. Put his hands around her neck. He will struggle and knock through the ground to get out of here. Okay. I got a I got football on my mind. All those drew growth in the house. We got football on our mind. We don't got time for this crap. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey there. Yes sir. How are you doing? How are these fulms? Uh-huh. Hello. What was it? Are you aware of the fact that Alan Prussia's project is playing sunrise tonight? Oh yeah. Do you sure? I just wanted to know if you know. And Kansas too, right? They didn't Kansas. So tonight tonight's the big night. I bet you're pony tail will be there. I guarantee you. Stay away from him. Thank you. Okay. Open line. Never trust a man that paints his fingernails with a bunch of so little, you know what I'm saying? In fact, he probably has got a gang going over there at the pizza loft. They got damn Jeff Cohen. Wouldn't surprise me if they have their own gang over there? And that'd be great if they have pizza loft gang jackets and outfits, huh? We could make a million selling at Crap. Open line in date, 751, one in Broward, two on the green lines, the women of course are long gone. Long gone, Matt's lying there in a coma, he ain't speaking on the young in a horny. And he looks uglier than ever and there's Victor talking to himself. What do you say, Victor? Come on. What does it spit it out? He's whispering. He can't be. Victor that's unusual. How did a man who whispers ever make that much money? He must be a crook. Victor must have been a crook too because nobody who whispers makes that much money. Do they? Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, you ain't big sports center fan. As you are. Sports center? Sports center. Really? Really. I can't start my deal without that show in the morning. Do you want an O.I. HATE sports center on ESPN? Why is that? Well first of all, when you say in the morning, that means you're watching the tape from the IP4. But number two, the fact is that instead of getting a... They have a morning show. Will you listen to me? Okay. What they do on ESPN, which I hate. Is they'll give you a couple of highlights from an American League baseball game. Right. Two or three games. Then they'll go off at a some other guy like women's tennis or something. Am I right? Yeah, you're right, but that's good. It kind of brings up the... No, it's not good. I don't want to have to sit through golf and women's tennis and buy them and hurling and stuff to get the rest of the scores. Right. When I went to a scores fast, I switched on headline news real quick. I get them all on the bottom of the screen and then I go back to the weather channel or whatever. Well, the thing is those guys on that show are just really talented that you know what I'm saying. The local guys on here are terrible and just the way they present the sport. It's... I'm going to tell you who really makes me sick on ESPN radio that they have on QAM on a weekend. Is it Tony Bruno? Is that the guy's name? I think he's got a feather up his ass. This guy, he's all... Ah, ha ha. And a guy that's within their land. There's nothing funny going on. There's nothing even remotely amusing. And he's playing remiss shots and all that. I think ESPN radio is going away of QAM. They're trying to do entertainment because they realize that nobody wants to your all sports radio all the time. Right, right. Okay, thanks for the call. Can you tell you listen to that? I got you down song. Can you listen to it? Can you play that for me? I can play it if you promise to listen to it. I will. Your promise? Promise. Okay. And now one more thing. Jim... your disrespect. Okay. Jim managed your aduished bag is what he said. Now, I think the song is like gone. I think the song is out of the... I think somebody took it out of there. Remember, you remember the origins when that thing first got in there? Where is it, George? I didn't take it out of there. Oh, my God. We're going to run away over on a goddamn news and it's going to be we can't play the whole thing now. We'll play the whole thing after the news. How's that? And then we'll play it again and again. So, herring spikes his wife, is that what you say? Hi. I'm Aaron Summers. And you know what? I don't know. So, we'll play the whole thing after the news because that don't want to come in and do a music and a ruptus would be bad. Open line in Broward 5249463524. So, we're going to keep our eye very closely. Believe me, we're going to keep our eye peeled very close. I mean, they're going to sell out. Right, 3000 seats by Thursday. The game is 4 o'clock on Sunday. They got to sell it out by 4 o'clock on Thursday. In order to lift the blackout on TV. If it's not sold out, shame on this town, it's bogus, baby. We don't follow the judge. 30,000 jet fans. Because we can't even get the rate of 1000 dollars in the game. What a joke. You've got an entertainment radio. 610, WIOD. Hi. I'm Aaron Summers. And you know what? You got me talking on the passion phone. Tell me the story about how you got flown. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh. I'll tell you what smart before I hang up here. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you what smart before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I'll tell you what smart before I hang up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Oh, oh. I got you down. Here on this show, there's a new topic each night. Who'd you hear sex with with a blacker with a white? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh. I'll tell you what smart before I hang up the phone. I got you down. Okay, 107 at WID. So what were you saying about Soryland Green? Or was it Bobby Green? We have an open line at Broward 5249463, 524WIOD. Neuro is Fiddland with a baby. He's Fiddland. All right. When's Matt Green? Let's do it. Let's put this thing down to about a point two on a weekend. And then the dolphins can bail us out. By the way, do you see QA? I'm in this last trend tonight with a Marlin baseball for all three months. Had a two share with Marlin baseball. If I was the Marlin's man, I'd be a little bit suspect about that. God, they make believe radio station at their games around because that's. And especially when you consider that's a TV broadcast or so bad. That many, many people turn on Joachael and Dave O'Brien and turn the sound down on J Randolph and Yuri Carter for obvious reasons. And in spite of that, they got a two. Here's Hylia, hello. Hello? Yes, sir? Oh, listen, Neil. I just wanted to call you on the first time. Call her. Yes, sir? And when you started talking about Schula, I could understand where you're coming from really because you know, on Schula, at one time, you know, I had a relative in my family that was very young. She wanted that signature from number 13, you know, the quarterback. Yeah, Danny, what's his name, right? Yeah, you know, I'm not really a dolphin fan myself. That's okay. So basically what happened is that when I got around the, and there you were, we're Danny, we're standing. Yeah, where he could see me. Yeah. I threw him a shirt, you know, for him to sign it. And he looked at me and he started walking over toward the shirt. She looked at me and pointed him and gave him a no signal to go away from the shirt. And I thought that was pretty low of a person that, you know, that everybody's so pumped up on. Yeah. So I really want to thank you very much for holding to your morals and everything else. My morals, yeah. I love your questions. Okay. Thanks, Coach. Okay, have a great day. I'm sticking to my morals, baby. That's it. Whatever it, how that means. I'm sticking at baby right now because they don't come any more moralistic than done. Shula. He's Mr. Hot Shot. You know, it's just it's stupidity is what it is. They just can't wake up in smell reality. That's all. These people are living in the past. You go out there to the stadium before the game. They're showing highlights. Here's greasy throwing the war. I feel that's that. Here's Larry Zaki's breaking away. Zaka's at the 30. He's a, you know, who cares? That's ancient history. Don't get me. Ancient history. Julius Caesar was once pretty goddamn good too. That's what they say in Rome. But he's not feeling too good these days. Okay. God. Isn't that what Irving Spikes a wife said to us? He was getting up off the floor. A two brute. Open line and day 751946311524. There was no such person as Bobby Neuro, but it does sound, you know? There was Peter Neuro. Is that who we were thinking of? Yeah, that must be it. He was the pianist. Let's go to a mobile in my attic. He had one of mobile in my own. Hello. Hi. Over the weekend I was listening to a sports show. Yeah. And the guy on the radio made a really good point. It doesn't matter how many number one draft picks you have on the dolphins. If you're not going to utilize their talents and use them in the same scheme, you're never going to have a better team like Oliver Doddy has about as much, you know, the guy just, they do the same place over and over. Yeah. All this down. And I guarantee I don't care what anybody says. Gary Stevens. I don't care how good Bernie Parmalie is, which he happens to be very good. Right. I don't care how great he is. Gary Stevens will always go away from the running game. They'll never stick with a running game. They'll try it in the first half. And even if it works good and if it like when they had higgy, there'd be times he'd be good in the first half and then the second half all of a sudden it's day.