W-A-Y-E-S-U-C-S Now, the new Roger show on news talking entertainment radio, 16 W-I-O-D Alright, this is G-Gorton Litty and they don't come anywhere's then new Roger's Stephen's a go, throw up the screen in undersea Well, you blew all those terrors away, are you a green beret? No, I'm a cook. Now, the cook is back in a heart-stopping sequel Hey, who are you? I'm just a cook. Well, cook is three being salad blows What do you mean? It's bland, it's tasteless, it's boring Well, maybe this is spice things up for you We're gonna be dead Anybody else have a problem with the food Oh, I'm just a ranger Stephen's a go, returns in the sequel to Undersea each undersea's end Okay, so I'm not a very good cook But I still have my pride You'll eat what he puts in front of you and you'll like it Undersea's end, coming soon to with you to near you Okay, 12-07-W-I-O-D happy Monday, today here's my mebe, shallow Miami Beach, hello, yes sir Listen, I called about Nikola's important for you to stand I glass in for you Yeah, 41 Join Say, this count, I glass, place that's been there for years But, yeah My son works there and does I'll give you a hell of a deal This count, you mean like for a buck and a half? No, no, they got two and three hundred dollars last But you get them in the right place Yeah And We don't think you go down there, just ask for a chair Or a hair and They'll do a hell of a job Okay, thanks a lot Okay, I'll stop there in a way to slimy's We have two open lines What are you laughing about? Everybody's going to slimy's a better go out there and get the good stuff Before it's all sold out that special Africans bread that they got on special sale today For like 50 cents a loaf And they were working like feverishly all morning They said till noon we're going to be baking up a storm and they were putting it on sale 50 cents a loaf First come first served and they go off half baked is what they said Two open lines in date count he's 751 9463 751 He's eaten mecha damianuts right there on here He's two enemies loving him they're good they're from Hawaii These are the monolo, the real good ones from Hawaii The real nuts Here's Miami under purple line hello Good morning, Neil. Yes sir Did you get the Athens cook cookbook? No, I did not. I just got it. It is fabulous I'm not nearly the chef. I don't go cooking Well a lot of the stuff is pretty easy to prepare It just adds a little variety It's as a diet you know after a while you can just go crazy with hamburgers And and stakes him like that I know it sounds funny But you know it gets a little boring What a really wrong boring. None of that. I can't even have my cheese What I really called about was a letter to the editorial and Saturday's paper about Some lady who got lost in the Miami design district Yeah, she pulled over to look at her maps So she wouldn't get lost any any worse than she was in a pretty bad area and a cop stopped And not only did not give her directions Rotorick ticket for paying it a lot Nice Welcome to Miami, man That's right. Yeah, right. Okay, Neil have a good one. Okay. Thanks a lot Open line on a purple line pound. I would be one in date to on a green lines for in Jupiter Jupiter's gun Tony they're all open in Jupiter. Okay, you should only croak up there in Jupiter. Okay for calling us and not hang it on You shameful piece of walking turt on two legs Here's a tamarack hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. We just got back from LA Okay, and we took the drive from Bundy to rocking him. Uh, takes maybe five minutes if you know where you're going So if he has an alibi that he got you know took him too long to drive from point A to point B. He's fully you know what I kill Nicole and one last thing. Yeah, we took American Airlines Miami to familiar to Miami and I don't fly very often I don't know if you see this when you go to Europe, but they make an announcement that when you board the plane They're gonna allow people who are handicapped first class and oh, I know exactly what you're going to say Everybody got up we will life you know something I'm going to tell you and glad you brought this up because I travel a lot I am so sick and tired of these airlines who just let the public I guess because there were you know most of them been losing a lot of money And they don't want to piss anybody off They just let the public do whatever they want they make the pre-boarding announcement In fact, lately a lot of the planes I've been on they make a pre-boarding announcement They never make another announcement. They don't even call any rows because everybody just gets up and gets on a plane All they have to do is want and you see what happens is all you get on a plane if lucky you're in the first 15 rows Any discover that there's all these very healthy looking people are already on there They got the overheads all filled up and they're already got on a hitty you and they don't belong on there Exactly we waited 20 minutes or at least to the line finally disappeared If they would start enforcing that and say look if you're like obviously got a handicapper your traveling with small children You and the first class people you can pre-board otherwise go sit down like judge Edo said sit down Okay, I didn't fly period Clamps but the first class people were screaming about that I finally got up we're in row 30 something I ended the ticket says that did I missed the announcement about row 30 to 50 Yeah, she says no this happens over time we have to make this announcement because they won't They because they won't enforce it and if they win it of course it they could board the planes in half the time Because the whole idea of boarding it from the rear is to get the people in the back So they don't stand in the middle of the plane and block everybody off It was on a plane the other day and so helped me God there was a woman I should have shot her as she was standing there Potsking around very close to the front of the plane and we were like you know in row 25 whatever way back toward the back of the plane And you know and I'm looking at the people behind me I'm standing right behind this bitch and some other woman is trying to help her she's carrying first of all There's only supposed to be two pieces of carry on she's got a whole crampload that she's got on this cart Okay, and if the airlines don't start enforcing this people are going to start a rebellion They're going to start walking to wherever they're going you got it that's exactly it and they take a lot longer or just swim there But at least they won't have all the aggravated lady and we'll just couldn't get on right exactly because all these other Handicap people who need extra time or whatever all these healthy living and breathing young people They're slipping through on here and the guy demeralines won't enforce it you people suck that let that go on Well, I'm last thing that this was pretty funny we're never They made an announcement for Jose Lopez to come to the ticket counter 45 people showed up Okay, but they have a great time Yeah, they were Miami and they asked for Julio Martinez to show up in 4,000 people got online We have an open line in date 751 Wild this business you people with airlines you'll better get with it man I'm telling you because see once upon a time they used to enforce it and they would keep making an announcement They would say now we're only boarding at this time infants people traveling with infants and small children and people who need extra time Who ever got the handy crap people around the verge of a heart attack and believe me the way they're doing it now It's a miracle most of us aren't on the verge of a heart attack because it's just chaos and everybody just gets on and they go whenever they're healthy Please and then they're all standing all over the plane all over the place blocking off all the aisle and sticking There's nothing over here. They're 85 pieces of carry on which is only supposed to be two and I think the airlines are scared crampless because they're afraid They're going to lose the customer. They don't want to pit anybody up God forbid they should tell you but a sit-out and shut up until it's their turn And you think it's bad here. You ought to see the way allotalia boards their flights in Rome. Then you'd really pee your pants See with the Italians they're wonderful people but a little bit of chaos they kind of like So when they get the indication when the person steps into place, it's going to start looking at the boarding passes everybody gets up 300 people get up and they all start like pushing an elbowing. It's America half-marin in the goddamn penalty box It's 1214 at WIOD 610 WIOD news to keep you informed talk to make you laugh your ass off. What's a succession with hope? A marin is favorite black private dig returns but this time he's fighting crime 90 style Richard Roundtree is shaft in cyberspace Who's the cat the world logo when they're syntax all of a Check out the ship's up there's a mouth I'm just booting up show and he can film yes he's right on and online It's shaft in cyberspace downloading soon at a PC near you You've been in the lake. Okay good idea. 1218 at WIOD and I just finished with my nuts whole bottle Here you go right in the waste basket. Well, that's 28 grams of carbs. That's too many But what if I don't need anything the rest of the day? I got an idea. What if I just eat my diet y'all the rest of the day? You know the stuff with the new Trisweed in there? I bet you anything. I'll get on the scale tomorrow and lose weight. You want a bet? You want to make a bet? I guarantee it. I won't make it up either. I'll tell you the amos. I guarantee I'm going to have a diet Y'all I ate my things and I'm going to cut out to meet the register's experiment. By the way, those of you who are very frustrated because you like a little Post the sauce on your whatever maybe like on your burgers on your meat. Yeah, I mean that's unusual But there are people out there who are like a little bit of that tomato taste Shlimi is not only has that great bread from the Eccons recipe book. They've also got carbohydrate free tomato sauce Shlimi is 1.97 400 east talent out in the ill beats full right. What do you laugh at a lot? It's a lot of numbers, but that's the address over well. I'm shlimi over there. You know, well That's too bad. Okay, they were baking up a storm while morning. They're ready for the big push 197 400 east talent. They'll be full of art. I get there before they run out of especially that sauce Mama me it's supposed to be the best They got this little Italian guy in their squeezes at fresh. Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Hello, yes sir. Neil. I just thought you might appreciate this. Okay, where your tax dollars are going I just drove down a one a about a mile north of Oakland Park Boulevard. Yeah, and there's this gorgeous red head Standing out there. So I looked and saw somebody pull over and she asked the guy point it to the parking lot And she walked over to the cars been a minute at the car and about 20 seconds later about Please cars pulled up. Yeah, I couldn't be another one of those decoy hookers could it? No, not too bad. I mean Good looking head, but I unbelievable I hang around here for about ten minutes. They got five guys Great. Yeah, one every two minutes. Where was this? Just about a mile north of Oakland Park on a one a in front of the mark 2100. Great. Thanks for the warning pal You got it. Okay. Bye. Remember once upon a time they were doing that in the daytime hours during the show up here on Biscayne somewhere That's original and anybody sees any of that sting crap with the undercover hookers going on with the a plain clothes hooker a fake or cop whatever that decoy's Call in immediately on a station and we will put it on here any time morning noon and night and they hate us like poised for that, but too bad That's not police work. Okay, if you want to do something about it legalized prostitution, but quit crap it around with people's lives And then they got a stick through name in a paper the next day and this one's a school teacher and this one's device president and some gone dad prestigious bank and this one runs an eyeglass place. Oh Like I said keep up the good work guys Runs an eyeglass place You I mean you can't complain about quality and florida because basically they're ain't any Schlok, Schlok is our middle name. Here's Miami. Hello Right in yes, sir. Oh, you sure my one. Uh-huh. I wasn't a guy that couple lives of them. Yeah, man. Yeah, yeah I'm Jennifer What's it look like? Oh, she's got like two eyes A bright one on each side of her nose and two lips and a chin and the hair and the two legs We have an open line in date 751 one on the purple line and not only that pal, but you got no chance with her trust me What I try to 1222 she's not in that rostomate 1222 W. I would do you know I left 16 W I O D still the central characters of Larry King's nightmares G-march these hot dogs are the best past the mustard will you? You know hot dogs are more popular than ever Sometimes you can't even find them in the stores and all that popularity drives up prices by the end of this month wholesale prices for hot dogs could be up at least 12 cents a metric ton He's right, but you can do something about this price gouging thanks to the craftmatic wini people Just call our 800 number and we'll send you everything you need to make hot dogs in your own backyard Wow, look at this march. I just made a hot dog that's eight feet long You'll receive the snouts the lips the pancreas and kidneys You'll get the tail hooves ears eyeballs and sockets We'll even throw in a bunch of those little white things you see every time you bite into a top quality wini Look, March. I made a hot dog 12 feet long You'll also receive hatchets cleaver snips gougers and heavy-duty grinders plus rubber apron hat and safety goggles So don't be ripped off when you could be having the term of your life Look, March. I made a hot dog 16 feet long order your craftmatic wini kid today 16 foot bundled separately 1226 to W I O D. I'll never guess what I just found. I'm falling and I can't get up 4-Until I mean Pretty Hey Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Yeah! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! Get up! I don't think she's going to... 12.27 a WOD. so after scouring this dance studio, I finally found it. You're welcome, by the way, whoever called about what was it? Four, five, eight hours ago. What word doing for you? I really should read this memo on here. I don't care whether it's his not-for- Broadcast, anyway, it is the most stupid, any out of piece of swill. And then you know, you come in here and you look through the copy file, and it's the same stuff. Even Ben Franklin would be embarrassed by the stuff. In fact, before he was born, is when most of the stuff was written. Here's a Hollywood, hello. You're Roger, please. Speaking. You're doing it. Mr. Roger? Oh, God, I love that. I love these guys that are like setting up the material. They got their tape plan, and they got their little actor put on, and they're running here for like about two seconds. Open line of day, 751, one and a-browered, five, two, four. Here's Hollywood, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. I just returned from vacation that that gave you a call here. Give me a report. Yeah, give you a little report on it. Nice. With the Costa Rica, San Jose. We were pulling it and pushing it. We had a great time down there. Yeah. Beautiful, beautiful country. Wonderful people. Gambling. Yeah. It was the best. It really was the best to get out of town for a little while and see a little bit of the country. Not for me. It was nice. Oh, not for me. I know you're like, you like your countries we like are. Oh, that's great. I'm glad you had a good time. I just did not end Latin America at all. At all, not at all. Well, we, uh, we don't know. At all. Yeah. One other thing, God, before we left, I thought I'd get a little book to read on the trip. Yeah. Yeah. So you know what book I want to go get? Yeah. I'll go to the library. Of course. Of course. Of course. Now, I went to a four or five different bookstores. And of course, uh, nobody had the book. Come to the, uh, saw grass online. That Saturday to pick it up. Right. I went out through the day before they wouldn't sell to me. They were holding them for the big promotion on Saturday. Right. So they wouldn't sell you just one. No, no, no. They had 750 for, for Saturday. So I had to come back on Saturday to, uh, They won't have, won't have him. 1,300 of them. Oh, no, kid. Yeah. Well, I'll have to take a little ride out there and, uh, just, uh, just a little call to welcome myself back and, uh, let you know we're all listening to you. Okay. I'm glad you're welcome. Uh, one other thing if I may? Yes. Uh, little Gary, uh, Redneck Bob, Major League douchebags. Okay. See ya. I'll still, uh, whatever. Now, I'm no Latin American for me. Okay. I'm just, uh, not into a barbarism. We have an open line. I'm sure Costa Rica is beautiful and very peaceful and very calm, etc. If I want to see someplace beautiful and tranquil, uh, I'll go to Hawaii. Beautiful. I mean, just breathtaking. Crowded on why Kiki, yes, but like lots of living and breathing. You know what I'm saying is like, uh, combination of everything. And anybody here, you know, years ago when I used to go there, went there six times to Hawaii. And people would say to me, what do you want to go to Hawaii for? You live in Florida. It's just like Florida with a palm trees. You know, it's same, uh, the ocean of palm trees. And I would just laugh myself silly. You little, simple, and perocule asshole you. I know there are other people that want to go like to Maui and they go to the big island. And they want to see the lush forest and the scenery out great. Whatever you like, okay, it's your money. It's your vacation time. If that pleases you, I'm happy. When you live here, generally speaking, you like to go somewhere where there's some living people, or there's somebody under the age of 100, somebody who just might speak English, somebody who looks like a living and breathing person with all the body parts in a right place. And where it's also a great place with a great climate and the trade winds and just all great food, whatever you want. In fact, if the, I bet you they have macadamian nuts there. Anyway, we got two open lines in Broward. Well, you know, at least somebody's gotten nuts. And my biggest problem is I don't want to fall. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3, and Broward and two on the green lines. Another tragic, tragic Monday in the desperate city. It is so desperate as we continue to search. You know, the thing with the glasses is really pissing me off. You know what I think I'm going to do? Just because I'm in that kind of a mood and I got to real hear up my ass today. I'm going to go to that place on the corner of university and sunrise where I bought these. And I'm going to seek out, especially that big nasty bitch, the one I cannot stand. He's got a personality like Hitler on a bad day. And I'm going to make them make these right. Okay, I bought the frames there. I bought the lenses there. I don't know how many pair glasses I bought there. I've spent both cool cash there. And they're going to make it right. Instead of just, you know, it's like me with a watch. I show you what a schmuck I am. You know, you get these battery operas. Say, go now has a new watch out that's got a lifetime battery in it. Like one of those sun jobs. And you never have to replace it. With me, I get these stupid watches and when a battery dies about a year, a year and a half later, I just put it in the, in a thing, in a drawer somewhere and I go out and buy a new watch. That's pretty lazy, isn't it? I mean, that's just stupid. Or you can do what I do and get a nice battery from Freddy's and then put it in your watch and still doesn't work. So you still have to go out and buy a new watch. Like I had to do over the way. Why didn't it work? Because I guess I don't know what I'm doing. Why didn't you have Freddy put it in? Because I didn't have to watch with me at the time. So why didn't you take the watch and go back to Freddy and have him put the battery in? I just left all the way back to the saw grass when I can just go to see her standing corner and get a new watch. See you see what I mean? Just like me, lazy as dirt. Here is my me. Hello. Yes sir. Hey did you hear what happened to those car jackers and brohards? No. Oh man. They go to a car jacked as a guy in Alexis and they put a gun to his head and they put him in the trunk. Yeah. So they're driving off a couple miles out and he hears some noises in the trunk and he gets they get off and they thought he had a cylinder phone with him. So they opened the trunk and the guy has two revolvers pointed at them. Oh no way. All right. One for the good guy. I'm falling and I can't get up. Yeah. Isn't that great? Beautiful. Thanks for the good news pal. Chocop one for the good guys. Oh good good guys. See you guys to show you. Keep some loaded weapons in your truck at all times and if you have a vet I guess you got little problems to come under the seat. We have an open line on the green line. 1-800-9-4-49-463. Here's a mobile in Houston likely. Story. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? I was down the bridge. Brower County finest and y'all would accept the collect call from me. Yeah. I got out last Thursday flew back home and I just wanted to call and let you know I thought you had a great show. I got to have people there and Brower Jill listening to you. All right. That's great. Great show. Would you do a couple of people line your hear something minor like that? No. I had a truck problem. And the judge just thought I should spend a few days there. Yeah. But talk radio out here or inter-talk radio we have none in Houston. There is none at all. Well I bet you got that fat Nazi on here over there. You probably got a large ass on some station that would be surprised. Well I could say we have no talk radio out here at all. Exactly. I couldn't put it better myself. But once I got home I wanted to give you a call back and let you know. I appreciate listening to you two months I was there and a great show. And hopefully now I'll never make it back down that way. But keep it going. If you're lucky. No. Okay pal. Good choice. Have a great life. Okay. There we go. There's a guy that's going to have a good life because he ain't coming back here. This is hell. It's hell on earth. And yeah they pay me a lot of money. That's the only reason I show up in the movies. And I stay in this place. And I'm not going to sit here a lie about it. I'm not going to blue sky it. It sucks here. It blows. It's a local town. It's a nickel and time. Yocal make believe fantasy kind of a town. It could be paradise. But the politicians, the people, it's just it's sad. Sad. How come a more green didn't come here? Instead of Vegas. He went. He went somewhere that was like wilderness out in the middle of nowhere. Why didn't he come here for Christ's sakes? How come guy damn Michael Corleone had to go out there to guide them. Vegas with Frado. Couldn't come to Florida. For quite a lot of myor landscape. He lived right up the street here. What that was wrong with him. Too much walking at dog. Too much monkey business. I think we'd at the bitch. The dog I mean. 1235 at WIOD. 16 WIOD. Burning up phone lines all over South Florida. Oh, Neil. My queen. God. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. Oh. Bye. Oh. Bye. Oh. Bye. Oh. Bye. Bye. Bye. Oh. Budvisor. Beer so crappy. It makes even algae covered frogs sick. 1240 at WIOD. That is the best. I mean, if they don't, one thing about overkill. My God. If they haven't shown at spot 40 million times in last five minutes with the three frogs. And I keep telling. Every time I see that spot, I just can't stand it. I was yelled back to the screen. But I guess I can't have that. Who's the old bastard though? Exactly. Now it's damn frogs. Where are we going? We're going to a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Just our listening today. I heard about your glasses incident. The story you purchased at. I don't know if you know that's not to closing for good on Saturday. Are they really? Yeah. On a corner of university in sunrise? Yeah. It rhymes with Earl as a Monroe. Oh, is it called Pearl? That's the one that big horse one. What did they used to be? I don't know. I don't know. It's been Pearl for quite a while. Oh, see? I don't got a backward. I thought they used to be Pearl and other something else. I guess they used to be something else. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah. But that story lost their lease there. I was. And you'd be happy to know that all the personnel in the store. They didn't get transit. They all got canned. Oh. Oh, that one. That one. You want to see. It couldn't happen to a nicer person. The Tubby One with the white hair. I don't know what color her hair is. But boy, she is just nasty. Yep. Well, you bet if you want them fixed, you better go before Saturday. Cause they're moving it on out. I will be there this afternoon. And now that you give me that information, I'm really going to make their life miserable. That's it. I'm going. Thanks for the good news. Got it. See ya. Totally. There's a God. We have an open line at Broward 5249-463-524-WI-O-D. How shall I be doing by the way? 1.97-400 East Islandale Beach Boulevard. I bet you they're lined up from here all the way to God damn St. Augustine. Just to get that incredible bread. The doctor, Akins, Bread, no carbohydrates. And that fantastic tomato sauce right from Italy with that special secret process. Whatever it is, no carbs. Zero carbs. I don't know what you're going to put it on. Maybe just drink it right out of the bottle. Would be good. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Hey, hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. Okay, first of all, I did have a question for you. Yes. Cause I'm leaving here. I'm going to go back to the game. Go to school. Yeah. And you can't be that gay to meet. I got to go back to school like it like two weeks. Oh, and two weeks. Yeah. So I got to listen to you. Right. I have a question. Do you like broadcast anywhere up there? No. Cause I can't. Cause I'm going to have to one time up in Melbourne. I picked you up there. But I was the first to get. Yeah. So you're not syndicated anywhere else. Unfortunately. I mean, okay, and one more thing. Did you see in the local section of the Sun Sentinel? That they want to like band skateboards and the rollerbladers from the strip. Of course. We want to ban everything. They're on South Beach where we have the cruising law. Now because the kids were cruising up and down a strip and that's against the law. So they're like marking their tires and whatever else they're doing. And now we want to ban skateboards because guess what, all people don't do that stuff. I'll make that. Just like spring break. Exactly. Kill in the end. We'll all the young people get them out of here. That's what they want. Yeah. You know, what can I get out of your bad? You can say that again. If you're smart, you won't come back. Just collect your laundry. Can't beat. Yes, we don't want those nasty teenagers. It knows young people with their role or blades and their surfboards and with their booky boards and with their booky wuggie and with those t-shirts. You old people have destroyed this town, baby. Once upon a time this used to be almost a goddamn fun place to live and play and work in vacation and whatever. And the old people have allowed to take over this goddamn place. Old people and boat people. And I say, a poxon boat of them. That's what I say. You mother's scratching bastards. You miserable disgusting old farts. God, all mighty. Can you imagine if you could sell to jam by the pound you could retire here. You can smell the death a mile away. Another thing I like about this town is that it's got a world-class transit system too. You know you go to Boston, you go to Toronto, you go to like a real city New York. And they got a great subway system. You come here, good luck, pal. Get a car, get a beautiful jelopy, get a piece of crap car and go out there on a road and kill somebody. Or give it your goddamn best. World class city. You jackasses, you clowns, you phony baloney, chamber of commerce lying sons of bitches. You idiots at the newspapers with your stupid editorial. There's no crime here. It's just a perception of crime. It's just like that idi... Shmendrick there. He didn't get shot near me. He just perceived he got shot near me. He's just standing out there having a little con-fab with his body five-thirty in the morning and mirror. What's he doing out there having a con-fab on the street five-thirty in the morning? I wonder. Maybe a planning going downtown, Eddie Brown. What that all about? Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Important to fire report. Yes, fire report. I've seen this happening several times. Yes. I've been investigating the other night. A location, Hollywood, book and video and 441 about a couple of miles north of County Line Road. Yeah. Nothing happening inside the store. But I've seen this red Corvette parked outside. Convertible brand new. Yeah. Extremely good looking guy in the car. Very friendly. Now I go there. Very friendly. Yeah, very friendly. I go there several times to return and rent tapes. I go in and out. Nothing. I don't respond. So finally, last Saturday night, I decide that I'm going to... Just see what's going on. So I go ahead and when I leave, I park up at a block away across the street. And I just watch. Well, finally, he hooks somebody. I noticed also that he had one of those little badges on his license plate. Mm-hmm. Badddis? Yeah. Well, just got it. Just got it. Yes. The second badge is this guy. Well, in a Volvo, actually he bit. In a Volvo? In a Volvo. He obviously bit. He bit it. Oh, he bit it already. Yeah. He, he, he, the Corvette takes off. They guys follow. And about a block behind, I follow. They go about two blocks behind the bookstore. They go into an alley. And I just wait about, you know, half a block away. Just aren't looking. And all of a sudden, about three police cars. Just behind them. Yeah. Wow. What a surprise. Uh-huh. Oh, yeah. I was so, I ever glad I didn't even say hello. Yeah. So, I guess, find gentlemen that the Hollywood Police Department are really taking care of business. Oh, yeah. Up in Deerfield, too. No, I can't much tell me the other day about up in Deerfield. He's got all these clients. The same thing is going on. They go to, um, I forget exactly where it's taking place. But they're like, uh, send these real good-looking young guys. Cops. Dressed provocatively. Real tight clothing. And they pick up these guys. And then they are, they're busting people. They're not doing anything. But for proposing, for example, one of his clients invited to go to come back to his house and do something, not in public or anything like that. But invited him to come back to the house and do something. And they arrested him solicitation of a loot act. Exactly. Because in the state of Florida, if you want to really get right to it, sort of be covers anything, well, you know, the old deal with that. Oh, yeah. Anything and everything. And I can tell you this guy like, I got mad that night. Uh, there's nothing that could have gone on. It wasn't even like three, four minutes. Yeah. And the thing is that when I, I think, I think, I've seen this red corvette parked in the parking that they're flirting around. And I just happened to, on the second time that I saw him there on the night. I looked and I saw that they were in the bathroom. I'll bet you, dear. And they said, I got that little police badge. So I said, huh, this is smells, you know? Yeah, something stinks. Yeah. So I just parked and I said, I followed him. Well, I'm poor. I tell you, man, I just amazing. Amazing. That they do, cool steppers around, man. Yep. Oh, okay. I'll just sort of, we said that by this port of me go. Parking lot, hunk of the book and video. And if you smart don't squeeze anything else. Two miles north of, uh, county line road, be here. Which is grassiest. Okay, guys. Yeah. There we go. They're out there again in trapping and destroying people's lives and screw around because God, we all know sex is evil. And how do you thank God for all those good squeaky clean, and we're a publicans on college campuses, everywhere from coast to coast, painting those nice little swastikers on their foreheads. 1249 at WIOD. It's starting with a low speed freeway chase and it's been that way ever since. So people versus OJ Simpson. Put you in with his right hand holding a night slitter throw. Give him a stationary type of medical as you have said, yes, I believe that that would be possible. Jennifer Ram keeps an eye on OJ and brings you the latest every hour. Like Sam's through the hourglass. The best news with Jennifer Ram on news talking entertainment radio. 16 WIOD. 16 WIOD learning to be humble, but not making much progress. Man in chains, just the way I like them. Some stations give you a call. Some stations give you cash. But this station is going to give you the one thing you want most. Shit! And lots of that right. We're going to turn you into a babe magnet. You'll have women hanging off every limb. Just read the text, caller. When you hear this sound. And we'll surgically implant our high powered magnet in your forehead. Little generator powerful electromagnetic field. The next time you go out any woman wearing metal with a 25 foot radius will be instantly attracted to you. Literally. Yes, they'll be screaming and flailing as they hurtle through the air to Orgue. And there will be a damn thing they can do about it. Because you'll be a big magnet. And they can't help being stuck on you. Disstation accepts no responsibility for other objects containing metal that they also become stuck on you, including animals, real spikes, kitchen appliances and pimple teenage boys with phrases. You'll be a babe magnet. And you'll be able to post notes on the refrigerator with your forehead. People listening for your chance to win. Call 53 at WIOD. Two upper lines in dates. 7.5.1. One in Broward. Green line. Blue line. Yellow line. Orange line. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Hi, Nile. Good afternoon. Hello. I don't want to change the human about Latin America, but this one country we'd like to go with Argentina. Oh, forget that. Believe me. Paul and Nazis are hiding that. Oh, look, I'm Jewish. Okay. I don't have any problems. Hmm. Oh, I hear you. Yeah, here you can't be there, me. Believe me. Be the best excuse of the best people or the European. Argentina. I don't want to change the human about it. Who far too far away? No, I always say, only eight hours. You take a rolling as Argentina 7. Okay. I call you. I want to this week and to be looks. See. The Luxembourg is right now this place. Oh, because of the gambling. Oh, I got it. Why don't you have anybody go there? Because they got gambling. I'm like, I don't know. I think I said, I said, let's see. I know it's a casino. I want to grab a little. Look like M.G.M. Grabbing. Look at this. Look in good today, baby. I'll tell you that. What is it? It's in the ground. Man. Inclave. Yeah. I agree with that. So I went there to have a look at him. They're not good for Friday. I got a build up real good. I have to fight with the people to get a room. And a hundred and a dollar a night. And I spend a little money. Beautiful. The food is incredible. The south and the hospitality. The nice, the have a nice beaches. And they open like a casino. Nice beaches. That the beaches. Oh, beaches, yeah. I'm so tired. You know, sometimes I act. Yeah, I got it. Okay. Well, there's a lot of guys out there looking at some nice beaches, yeah. And I have the people in the town. And they say, we just open like here. 4700 people. Incredible. Okay. They work in the ground. Yeah. We only want. Well, thank God. We don't got that here, man. Well, because we don't want people having to go to the time. Uh, this. I don't understand. I don't understand. This below. How long have you been here? 15 years. Well, then you should understand it. I understand. The people here are not supposed to have a good time. You're supposed to be just like them and have a bad time. Every day when you get up in the morning, you should be suicidal. That's what Miami's all about. These are a bunch of old people. Exactly. It's a bunch of dead people walking around taking up space that could be used by living people. Neil, I like you. You want to the most intelligent American people that I will see. Damn right. Believe me, I like you. You say they're a day sons and they're buried through. America is Porto, the garbage. McDonald's. Yeah, that's right. We got now. You know what the name of the game in America is? Media, Media, the more mediocre it is, the more Americans gravitate to it. They love it. Media, equity and violence. That's all they know about. Have a great life, pal. Thank you. See you in the box. Okay. What a sad comment. That is, we got people spending their money. Gotta go to a boxy, Mississippi because that's where they have to go to have a good time. How do you like that? And I don't care what you say. Amy's got a beak. Sorry. No, it's not all right. You know, I was noticing that the other day. It was on a plane somewhere. And, you know, you look at people and you see the distinguishing feature in their posts. Is there no? Do you know how many people, I'm not talking about those jobs because people with nose jobs, you can sniff them out a million miles away. They look ridiculous and they start drooping and they got one nostril where they're asked to supposed to be. Forget about that. But that's the one thing that nature really plays with havoc with your life. If you got a good nose, the chances are you really look good. If you got a screwed up nose like most of us, you're probably pretty damn ugly. Like most of us. Daydelines. Why don't it, baby? 75, one, all three of them now. Man, the energy that this man has to put out day after day. We at least haven't had a resort to music yet today. It's almost one o'clock. We know Luis, we haven't had a wind up his chain today. But boy, it's getting pretty damn close. Is that, you know, here you go. Here's your little, your little connection to life right here, man. And you're just letting it slip right away. That's the sad part. You're letting it slip right out of your hands, baby. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Listen, I've never called you before. Why not? But I don't know because every time I'm driving in my car, I can't call you. But anyway. Okay, right away, never called me before. And the tenth word out of his mouth is shot. How do you like that? And that great. There is a great guy right there. Never called me before his one chance to stand out of the sunshine and be a human being. And he orders crap right on the air. Poor Andy, wishes he could take him on himself and this guy's talking about it. Two open lines in Broward, five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. W-I-O-D. And let me say it again. Shame on you pathetic juvenile little leagueers over there at Koyam. Wasn't bad enough trying to rip me off. Now try to rip off Phil Henry and do stick and have fake guests on all of Jesus. Man, you talk about embarrassment. I guess there is no embarrassment. In fact, you're over there at all. That's why they had to bring all these 10 year old kids in from Broward, Kaskoo. Here's a mobile at Taral. Hello. Mayo? Yes, sir. I don't know if you touched on this. Did you see yesterday's interview with I think I was Tony? No, I did not. I don't have the stomach for watching all that ass looking. Oh my god, the suction was so bad. I was just a lick up. Just lick up. Yeah. Oh god, I mean, a little more. I mean, that's what he was up at Kappa's suspenders there in front of Wayne. Wouldn't surprise me. Oh my god. He's the biggest, he makes defo look like a piker. He's the biggest ass licker in his town as segretto. Oh my god, horrible. If it has to do with Wayne, if it has to do with U of M, those are the two categories. Man, he gets his tongue. He's got a tongue 75 feet long in those two areas. I mean, Larry King has nothing on him. Oh, what are you exactly? Yeah, my goodness. Only better suspenders. Yeah. Well, I'm out of material here. Well, thanks for the good news and now I feel better because I missed it. Can I call somebody a disrespect? What just happened to your phone? My amylake. Oh, there you go. Yeah. Eddie at the inspection. Don't fall off the ladder. That's not any brown is it? No, he's a lighter shade. Okay. All right. See you. I'm out of shade of pale two after stand out there in a three car. That's more getting shot in the arm. He just standing around got shot in the shoulder downtown. It he brown. What's it with all these damn U of M football players getting shot all over the guy to play? So shooting it up or whatever they're doing. Man, there's something really stinks. You can't spell scum without UM. Open lines and brown 14 of them right now. 14 open lines and brown. Five, two, four. When we come back after the news, I want to see a 170 eight calls on a Broward lines. You know what happened at Broward? They're all on a way to slow him. He's right now. They're on a way to slow him. He's invited away. That's they're putting all that stuff on special 50% off. But the sale ends at to this afternoon. Hey, Newt. We got your contract right here. 610 WIOD by any Ford Latterdale. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Hey, good evening. Jennifer. Jennifer's going in the next six months. All the ugly people are going out. All the good looking young guys are coming in. Way to go sweet. Oh, I'll get entertainment radio. 610 WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show. To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in date. 524 WIOD in Broward. Outside the 305 area code. It's toll free. 1 800 944 WIOD. And say the one customers can call pound IOD at no charge. Now the Neal Rogers Show. A news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. So what is the two hour? What's the matter with less being off for can't you tell we really love hidden balls? Yes. The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls. I'm a girl friend. It's all set. I'm a catty. She's the fan. I'm the book. She calls me daddy. Must I? That five kumi talk. All right. Still ladies call for me. Rectom. My favorite hole it doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway. No, quit me because I'm a snapper. I play golf and I'm gay. Rectom. I'm a key time guard in the clubhouse. Let me golf. It's the only time with their guts. I'm gay. Let's play L.G.T.A. Still ladies call for me. Just lick up. And write a disgrace chipset. I'm my face to still ladies call for me. Okay. It's official now. We already knew it. It was in the papers and I told you about it days and days ago. I told you they weren't going to go out and hire a big name because they don't want to pay the money. So, Panthers general manager, Brian Murray. You remember the life of Brian? Concluded is two months search for a head coach by promoting Doug McClay and the team's director of player development and a post got to that position. He becomes the player. The panthers second head coach replacing the brain dead Roger Nielsen. Maybe that's the thing. We want to have like all brain stems. His coaches are the professional teams here. So there we go. Doug McClay and keep that name in mind. It's a good Canadian name. McClay and McCloud proud foot. All those good Canadian names. Look at that phone baby. What a sad sight that is to me. Two open lines in day. Two in Broward. The two green lines. The two out of state lines. The two in town lines. The out of this world lines. It's desperate. Deadly. But I'll wait. And we still have a head one person to watch that thing on A&E last night. That thing had a lot of hype. A lot of hype. I missed the hype and the show. Well, I haven't had a lot of hype here. I had a lot of hype around the country. So if you missed it last night, consider yourself. Whatever you were doing instead, consider you spent the time. I held it a lot better than if you watched it. It sucked. It was a real pseudo intellectual. Basically what it was. It was a hatchet job on CNN number one, which I think is totally uncalled for. And number two on right wing of talk hosts. Which I also think is uncalled for. See, that's the way the right wingers always have felt. Is that, well, if we disagree with you, then like the religious right. You know, then your opinion isn't covered by first amendment. It's only people who agree with us. Well, that's a bunch of crap. But now all of a sudden we have pseudo liberals turning around saying, well, it's all these ultra right wing alarmists on here. They're the ones creating the problems. Bull crap. The people are the ones creating the problems. And if that's the kind of people we got while we're going to, you know, that's what's going to happen to us. Well, after suffered the fallout. Got it? You don't got it. Two open lines in Broward. I will wait until every goddamn one of those day in Broward lines is filled. And I'm not going to make a move. I'm not moving a muscle. I'm not moving Mr. Mussel. I'm not even touching it. By the way, we got tropical Chevrolet on the air, which thank God, they're great people. They've been very nice to me over the last couple of years here. They take care of my corvettes. They do a great job. They got great service. And I'm going to be buying my vets there in the future. And I just, they sent a brochure on the 95 vets. Because the 96 is coming out of the day. And I'm looking at the colors here. Do you know they have the car that I've been looking for forever? Dark purple metallic. Now, I know they've only got a handful. I think they got six vets left on a lot. But man, if they had or could find for me a brand new 95 dark purple metallic vet, I would get rid of one of those 94's faster than you can say, slime ball. Man, is that a beautiful color or what? That's exactly what I want is a purple vet. Not that burgundy. I mean, there are some colors close out of the several vets I've had. What was the one with the 40th anniversary? What color was that? Navy. No, no, no, no. It was not blue at all. It was like a, it was kind of like a purplish. Burgundy, something or other. Do you remember that 40th anniversary? One of one was extra expensive. But this color here, at least what I see on the thing man, that looks like it. I think I just struck the mother load. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. No. Yes, sir. I just came back from vacation. I was up in Washington. He's with my wife and two kids. Yeah. The people up there are totally different. I mean, Maryland, Virginia. You go around and say, hello to you. How you doing? The people everywhere, I totally different. Yeah, absolutely correct. You know, there's no question about it. I'm originally from Connecticut. I went up the fox with. And he talked about an ultra conservative state. Connecticut is very conservative. But they have the gambling up there. And they do. Seriously, the place is rocking and rolling. It's bustled to people from Massachusetts, New Jersey, or going up there. It's unbelievable. New York. It's incredible. They can't get gambling down here and understand it. Well, I understand it. Very, very well. Because I've been here long enough to understand these people. Stone Age. How's the diagonal? The diet has come to a screeching in limbo. Uh-huh. Just call me Mr. Limbo. I lost like I only needed to lose like 12 pounds. Yeah. I lost 12 pounds within two weeks on this thing. Great. I'm not getting any back. I'm just a neutral line. A guy calls before and says, well, you got to cut out the cheese. You've got a yeast problem, which he does talk about in the book. And I mean, I'm just frustrated because I think I've been doing, you know, with a couple of steps and it's pretty damn well. I sure haven't been eating any sweets or anything really bad. And I just can't make any more progress. Were you, were you, I was out of town when Dr. Ackens was down on the 14th. Oh, we had a, we had a turnout that was incredible. Yeah, a lot of people are interested in this. Thousands. You're doing a good job. Okay. Thanks a lot. I think they're all doing great. And I'm, you know, 15 pounds in holding. I was actually, I was up to about 17, 18. I would say 15 right now to be very honest. And I'm just stuck there. Just get on that scale. And I actually, more like 16 or 17. But I get on the scale. Just stays the same every day. And even on days like yesterday, which I thought I did pretty damn good yesterday. I did damn good. And I get on the scale this morning. And the same. It's still stuck there. Come on. Kick it, jam it. Kick it a little bit. Bang it around a lot. Do something. And it's still just sitting there like a damn lump that needle on it. The meter there. And it's getting me pissed off. See if I were smart. I'd be saying to myself, yeah, but look at you getting rid of that diabetes medication. You're got almost all of your blood pressure medication is gone. I mean, it's miraculous. My blood pressure is great. I'm hardly any medication anymore. So I should be ecstatic. But I'm not. I created the monster. And now they're all playing with them. I'm sitting on the sidelines watching. That's the bad part. You know what I'm saying? They're all having a good time. And I'm the one that's just hanging back waiting for some miracle to happen. In addition to which we still can't find what we're looking for in here. Instead of eating those nuts just now. It's another example. Instead of eating those nuts, if we have like the we need place. And every guy at the in place we hear about, oh, and our clothes, to the middle of the log is they're closed to logists first. That goes to show you again what kind of a horse and buggy town this is. They're closed. They could have a blind up from here to Savannah, Georgia. If we had a place with this stuff, you know, we talked about it to Lombloon and a face. They're all closed. You can't find them there. But our our fat boy down there. He's going to see that meet place today. The one in plantation. And I wouldn't be surprised if he leaves there about four or five of a clock, they'll probably be all out. 114 in Wild. 610 Wild. Dad are re-there yet. Sales people are ice holes. We're going to sleep a jury. Wake up. Sleep a jury. Wake up. Sleep a jury. Wake up. Oh, damn. 12 hours sound asleep. Windows and number several weeks. You can kill them cold. Try this over. It's quite a shock to each of those really great. Wake up. Sleep a jury. Wake up. Sleep a jury. Wake up. What are we going to tell me? Yeah. What do we tell? Marsha Clark. What are we going to tell our friends when they let? Oh, Jay Waff. We felt a little woozy. We took a little snooze. Well, those expert witnesses put you right to sleep. Yeah, they're better than sound would have can't you? Wake up. Sleep a jury. Judges don't get a fury. We got him his trial. Are you? Round up. A new jury. Wake up. Line up. A new jury. Wake up. Okay, 1-18 and WI would do. We got two lines and dates. Still sitting there. We'll quiet like. Because it's Monday, man. And most of them are out of town. And leave them alone. And they're much lazy assholes. Guy called George and said that the whole thing about cheese and the yeast, which I'll admit. That's not a section in the book that I paid too much attention to. Because, you know, I do a shower fairly regularly. I didn't assume I had a yeast problem even though it's a different kind. But anyway, the guy who called you said that's a cheese that you eat. Now, let me get to straight as long as you eat like the regular cheese. Like my yarlsburg. That's okay. But we need to process cheese like those slices that we got like a bunch. Again, that's that chemical thing, right? That's where you got the problem. So what if I made my cheeseburgers and just like sliced my yarlsburg, didn't it melt it out in there? That would be good, huh? Huh? You think? I don't know. See, that's the problem. Nobody gives me any good information. They want to suck from me all the information like about slimy's. But they don't want to give me anything. Because they basically don't want me to lose weight anyway. For a lot of deal. Hello. Sometimes you just go on a plateau. But for how long? Nine days? Well, it's a long plateau. Oh, man. I'm not going to stop. And you want to jump. I got a few things to mention. You're like I'm right on the edge of it. Over the weekend, I happen to catch for the first time on Channel 7. Cinnamon Stover. Oh, my God. That puts the chew got on on Saturday morning. Then red neck, it is. My rib is brainds and as asked. He does. Because she is nothing. You're right. She's nothing. She's pasty and putrid. You mean, he thinks she's hot stuff. Cinnamon Stover? He throws her name out like she is a goddess. Oh, God. And I mean, I first thought, I can't think of his name. But I'm a, I'm a, I mean, her. Her is Baker? Yeah, I think that's him. Yeah. Yeah. Another, and then I have a question for you. Yeah. Fat rich. Yeah. Does he have a license plate to says fat rich? Yes, he does. Well, up until now, I thought that you'd been cruel sometimes in your description. But I believe you know. Oh, no, wait a minute. He's lost the ton of weight. No, I just saw him driving. Yeah, but he's lost the ton of weight recently. You should have seen in the old age. I just saw him sitting behind the wheel. He's a, you know, fat rich reminds me of my mother. He's a giant in the industry. He is just a miserable looking thing. Well, that's a bad thing to say, even though it's true. Well, he's a big guy. He's a big guy. He used to be enormous. What? He lost about 60 pounds. Oh, well, I'm trying to envision that. Well, then one, then no thank you. And especially envision him in that little car that he did. Okay. Yeah. Now you're getting the picture. Yeah. The other thing I want to talk to you about still caller. Yeah. One of your favorite subjects. You should like Bill Carter. Every day when when the radio station does its late in the afternoon of early in the evening, when it goes through, he used to call the pattern change. What is that pattern change? I mean, when it changed power change direction. Well, I've listened to Io decent. He came on with an area in big Wilson. Right. And Larry King don't forget. Yeah. He made Larry King. Right. Great entertainers. Yeah. The great entertainers. Right. He made Larry King. That's for damn sure. Because King was never ending by himself. I'd like to see Bill call her with with with Phil. They remind me a lot of each other. I think of that all the time. That would be a great thing. Yeah. They both have the same kind of sense of humor and the same hairdo. But every day when I'm listening every time I'm listening to the station to go through the pattern change. Now this is going on for like 18 years now. Yeah. Every time Bill call her comes to mind. Every time I hear that because he used to make a big deal out of the pattern. Yeah. Yeah. He had a great sense of humor. He was fantastic. Great guy. He was unbelievable. But just that just wanted to I know that you really appreciated him and you liked him. You better believe it. But to see him. But you know something. Andr would. But this town never really did appreciate him. He was never. He was never a big success here. I know first rate of the hell out of him when he was on a station two or three different times. He did okay, but never all I great. And then of course he was on a QA. Aminamoring. They put the final nails and bills coffee. They really stuck it to me. He did. When he was on in the middle 70s. Yeah. Through that creative time. I think the audience that he had really appreciated. I hope so. He was just he was brilliant. He was a great guy. But hey, I had a chance. Thanks a lot. Have a good see you. When he found this by the way. Sometimes I feel that life is passing me by. Sometimes I feel that people don't want this mind. But when I listen to your show. You make me smile like a child. And you can help me get by my friend. Be cold at on my radio. Be cold at on my radio. On my radio. On my radio. Mmm. Yes, I am. See the reason I could fight a car for that day. It's in the DCS. Where did I look for it? Be tell out of me. 123 a WIOD. 16 WIOD. Ask us no questions and we'll tell you no lies. Neil? God? I'm out of here. All right. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. I'll just so there is no misunderstanding. Everybody be seen. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm making this easy area. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. Everybody be seen. I think that I was going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. I'm going to stop you right here. Are you a freighter from this class? Where do you say it? I'm 27 little Andy just came back from the doctor. I don't do my job as well when I'm constipated. But hey, how can you tell the difference? Anyway, he's okay. The doctor checked him out and gave him some boy a guy your age to be going to the doctor for bowel problems. Isn't that said? Man, I can just see Andy 50 years from now. And his little condo and Holly would on the beach. Oh man. Look at this. Look what I just found. This old bottle of fiber con. I remember from 50 years ago that Dr. gave it to me for a similar problem. Oh, it's in the bag. Man. But hey, you know, maybe something about this area. Now, maybe all of the young people are going to start getting constipated because I think it runs off. I think it's catching. It's in the air. Here's North Miami. Hello. No, honey. Okay. Let's go to a parkland. Hello. One thing for sure. You never saw a 69 me. Here is a Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, you don't listen. I saw that on any last night. Yeah. Oh, you're the one who saw it. Huh? You're the other guy who saw it. Yeah, I'm the only one who has four hours to get all right. Oh, man. Cool. I think butcher does the word. Oh, by the way, first of all, that color purple. You're talking about for that vet. Yeah. Man. That's outstanding. Dark purple metallic. Anything we look good painted that. Yeah. I agree. I think the craft tomorrow. But, uh, not the carousel. Okay. I was just thinking, uh. Yeah. It was good. Yeah. It was good. Yeah. Yeah. The first hour was the best part. You know, even though they just had that dumb little bitch from York, Pennsylvania. Right. Yeah. Right. Right. After that, I mean, what the hell was the point? I mean, if you like CNN, fine. If you don't like it, that's okay. Did it chop them up pretty much? Yeah. They chopped them off. I don't see what the purpose. I mean, it's at all a new station. So naturally, when there's a major event, like when the challenge you're blew up. Right. never naturally when it early on the O.J. trial they're going to get a much bigger viewership. So, I was like they were trying to make a look like Ted Turner started to warp a rating. You know? Is that it? That's what it sounds like. I'm going to of course the thing was true about the goodwill games nobody gave a crappy lot of an A-show the empty stands but what just true nobody cared about it and everybody knows that already. But I was thinking what if they had instead of using that lady, you know, a standard, some of the phone he's down here. Right. That would have been good. I'd tell you I saw it and the other thing was the other talk show host like Russian. I didn't know how big they were after watching that because I can't stand any of those guys. But man, there's some dumb people. The ball for any of this crap. Exactly. You know what I mean? But that's the point if the people are that stupid then that's what we get. You know, this is a nation of stupid people. Education means nothing in this country. So we got stupid people running around and they're buying it a bull crap. That's the way it is. That's America. And then we got to watch it with two hours and then keep going in our next hour and then in our next hour. Oh my God. Too much. All right. I'm not the only one who wasted my time. Right. Thanks. Bye. Two open lines. We got the news. We got the news. Now, our wife. He just said we got the news. Where's Jennifer? Oh, she's in there with Brian. She's teaching him. Two open lines and browse. Five, two, four. Cut the crap. And one in the day, seven, five, one. See, this nothing will ever change. That's why you got all these people even at this late date. They know they're probably people getting really panicky because they said the defense said is only about a week and a half left in the O.J. trial and everything. And if that thing is over in a couple of weeks, maybe this there are going to be millions of people in this country are going to need therapy. That's going to be the newest deal is therapy, O.J. with draw therapy. There will be millions of people who have absolutely no life whatsoever. What are they going to do with their whole day every day when you take away O.J.? O.J. Like my mother. She said to me last week said, you've been watching the trial. I said no, it's boring as crap. But of course when she says it's boring as crap, that obviously is the tip of right there. She's watching it every minute and it's on. Sad, very, very sad. Take up Majog, mom, it's a lot of fun. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going? Okay. I got some questions to answer down. I'm going to September. Do you see McDonald's there? I'm going to be there the other one there. Second week, I'm going to be there. So the weather in Amsterdam is generally pretty bad. Nobody goes to Amsterdam for the weather. It's generally pretty murky. It's pretty close to England. And they have the same thing with a lot of drizzling and clouds. It's in what time of year? Middle September. No, that's a matter of luck. I mean, you could not get along you on for five days. Well, after I'm going over to Paris for four days. I would expect weather like, you know, in the mid-up or 50s, low 60s, you know, it never gets real real cold. So maybe down to like 45 at night. And it's just a matter of luck. You know, you might hit a hot spell. Like last year, we went there in July. In early July, and it was like 87 and humid. It was like boiling scorching, which it almost never gets that hot. So it's just a matter of luck. But don't expect great weather. Take a number, I'm brilliant. I'm serious. And as far as getting around, you took taxis. Is that how you're from, like, wherever you're going throughout the city. I know. No, you walk really. It's easy to walk around. The others, crappy. They have, they've got a trim system. They've got buses. They've got cabs, cabs are pretty, you know, you really don't need cabs. Right. Great. Pretty easy town to walk around in. The only problem you'll have is the names of the streets. Right. So get yourself a good map and get an idea of, you know, because, uh, would just, uh, Bergwall and vestige. I mean, it's an east and west. It's, they all sound the same. They all got like 400 letters. Right. But once you look at a map, it's not that hard. And as far as sight's not the miss. I mean, I would go see the end friend coast. Yeah. And, uh, other than that, I mean, depends on what you're into. If you're into art and fancy stuff like that in the world palace, you can go see that. Right. If you're into, like, uh, living and breathing people, you just go outside and you won't miss anything. So walking gets around pretty much everywhere. You bet. Perfect. Have a great time, pal. Yeah. Yeah. Amsterdam's a hell of a place. It's a little bit too sleazy for me to ever want to be there a, a, a, a, a, a long time. But, you know, a little sleaze once it's a while is okay. And like down here where we don't want any slees, we want a little white. We want it so perfectly clean. We want everybody to be like a unique down here. That's what it's all about. Everybody should be a unique. Don't even talk about it much less do anything. That's the deal. And it's God damn Jesse Holmes and nude king rich. Oh, yeah. We love that cigarette lobby, baby. See, that's, but that's nothing. The Republican party's always been on the side of big business and let them do whatever they want, pollute the year in the water and kill people with every kind of poison product that's ever been invented. We regulate everything for fun and profit. So why should that be any surprise? While this homophobic fat jackass from North Carolina's run around, well, we don't want to fund no more AIDS research. Could all of them faggot thud doing these, you know, they're, they're, they're, they're own destructive behavior. Right, just like the smokers, it's their own destructive behavior. So let's not spend any more money on cancer research either. Brilliant. Okay, that's a great idea. Jesse, you jackass, you fat tub a crap. I mean, if you ever thought, if you ever doubted that crap could walk, just take a look at Jesse Helms, okay? Because there is crap on two legs, make no mistake about it. Of course, he's a big hero down here because he said the right two words. Lieber T, power, shoot. Or three, whatever it hell it was. Husped Alstauder doing by the way. She's doing Larry King. 135 at WIO, do you? Oh, no. Yes, sir. Hey, don't first time call. All right. Bless us. Great. Well, thank you about that diet. The acting is diet. Yeah, you're doing good, huh? 9 pounds in one week. Oh. Great. You want to read you on my car? Yeah. And I heard someone go call the hydrate bread. Oh, I slimy's, yeah. Where do you get that at? Slimy's market. Swimy's? Slimy. Where's that at? Oh, let's see. What's he dressed again? 197, 400 East Hellendale Beach Boulevard. 197? We have 197, Ford, WIO East Hellendale Beach Boulevard. Oh, great. You know, that recipe's gotten a back at a book for the bread? Right, yeah. That's where it's at. Oh, good. So you don't have to go through a parking lot making it yourself. Oh, because I've been going crazy without no bread. There you go. But I've been eating a lot of hamburger steak, lobster, shrimp, everything. Can't beat it. And the same people started, no caffeine. Right. But I'm living on self-suffering. What's wrong with that? No, it's good. It's all right. OK, keep it up, pal. Thanks a lot, Al. See you. Bye. Open line of day, 751. I'm going to keep giving it my best shot. I'm going to go for another month. I'm going to go for another five months. I'm going to do anything I can't just to get that needle on the scale to move. Move it already. Move it. Drop it. What I'm going to do, I think, is just psychologically, I'm going to move it back myself. You know how they have that little, yeah. I'm going to move it back to so it's about 10 pounds below the zero. Get on there and say, all right. Oh, look at that. I've lost 80 pounds just since yesterday. Must have been those nuts. Sometimes nuts will do it for you. Here's the Miami. Hello. Miami. New. When is top of the day? Oh, my phone's going crazy. Hey, new. Yeah, I'm a frame rep. I saw an optical frame. Yes? I'll get you a couple weeks. I was thinking you do need a new frame. Yeah. What made you look that at me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You got plastic. You need a nice metal frame on your face. What do you mean a nice metal frame? What are we going to plant a frame now? No, I have a metal frame. You don't know what you're talking about. Metal, metal, metal frame. You want to plant a frame a couple weeks ago when I met you. It was real big. It was a little big for you. It's not a plastic frame. It's a little big. They're metal. What just happened? What the hell just happened? He said his phone was going nuts. This is your. What the hell happened? Is it his phone diers? Is that just a nut? Plastic frames my ass. Where the hell is he? Have you understand that? Out of all the bizarre things that we've ever had on the phone? I mean, here's the guy that calls me. Hello? Yes? No, my phone crap. I'm sorry. You're paying for your phone. Oh, you're at a pay point. Back to the quarter. I heard you on the radio saying where he goes. I called you this time soon after where I bought. Oh, my God. I don't wear a plastic frame in years. I apologize. I said, it didn't look to me. They just look crappy in Chinsies. That's what you're trying to say. They're a little oversized. You need a nice Italian designer. What do you mean they're oversized? They're a little big for your face. They're not. I'm the expert here. Trust me. You're going to pick out what I like. Is that what you're saying? Well, I want to make a gift too, yeah. Absolutely. It's what I do for a living. Yeah. Why don't they go to beer? Tell me when you want to. Do you want me to send them to you? How you going to do that? Well, that's the thing. I mean, you're going to send me frames. In other words, you just make the frames. You don't know. No, no, no. I'm a rep for a company. I see. I'm going to give you one of my samples. They're not used or gorgeous. You have to get your prescription lens put in, of course. Oh, my God. My lens. I'm not changing. This is what I was telling George B. For off the year. This is one of the great rip offs that these eyepaces have. You get your lenses, which I just got these like couple of months ago. Right. And they're, you know, perfect. I see great. You've got them at one of the chains, by the way. I did. Yeah, I know you shouldn't of. But I did. I know. And the bottom line is that when you say, OK, the lenses are fine, but I want to get new frames. Oh, no, you can't do that because those lenses are made to fit the frame you picked out. No, no, no. Neal, detros me. Yeah. Okay. If the frame I give you is smaller. Yeah. You're wearing them in the frame you're wearing now. Yeah. You can put down your lens to fit your frame. Oh, you have to do a thing. But these, but these, I'll tell you who to do it. Will you, will you read? I'll listen to me. Go. These aren't single vision. These are like the better. There. There. Does not, what do you got to buy? Folklore. Right. It's not a problem. They can cut it down. You live in sunrise. I've got a ton of the camera. I love it. Sunrise. You live in that area. I'm planning to make it. Don't ever say I live in sunrise. Please. Please. I want to see the camera. Exactly. You got to buy 50 to go. But I have a lot of accounts out there. I'll tell you. I got up for you. Of course you're next to the Austin. Okay. Beautiful new frame. Great. Now. If you're going to pick it out. If I don't like it. I don't want some little tiny frames or look like some kind of a geek. I don't want you to have a granny glass. I understand what the best case scenario. I mean I'd be more happy to just take my taste and send it to your poor. You want me to come down and give you a few to pick out. You pick one out. You want it on that set. during the show anytime to show just go downstairs and say hey I'm here for the frames just come in here and they'll they'll get George on the horn and he'll say oh yeah it's the glass guys the free guy I'll be there tomorrow and the great thanks pal thanks a pile hang on a second okay yeah George wants to get the allot on because you know otherwise we'll have like 80 other guys here oh we got some stuff pretty well like a plug and maybe we'll have a little lunch yeah I think that's the solution I'm gonna cut out these lunches on Tuesday at mommy's I'm calling her later and say hey just the buzz off okay I'll send you your check in a mail and just for a few weeks I'm staying away because she's killing me too okay like last week I go there to hamburgers she puts the onions in here again I said I don't want the as she's got salad she's got beans she's got all these different vegetables I said I can't eat all of those things I'm what are you talking about? Matt it's in the book you guys even gave her a copy of the book but because he's got a list of all these different things she thinks I'm supposed to eat all those different things at a one meal you see what I'm up against forget it you just gotta become a hermit you do it yourself and screw all these other people well that's nice see we're gonna get some nice frames in here and some lenses and maybe I'll be able to see something like maybe if that Brian comes back how you doing Brian Brian said he never heard a show like this in his life and what is it that I'm talking about it's better off you don't know sweet heart here's a hell and they'll hello any are you doing pretty good pal all right hey I'm calling you got the number for that bakery I'm lost and I can't find it you're lost yeah where are you I'm out in a on-deal on an East Talondale Beach Boulevard yeah I'm down here by the diplomat yeah what's the number there uh 1750 1750 yeah East Talondale Beach Boulevard oh no no women it's West oh West Talondale Beach Boulevard okay I'm on the wrong side yeah I'm on my way West you go West young man okay we have an open line in date 751 Wiod and two on a green lines 1-800-944 how's the Everglades baby maybe it's in Naples anyway 146 at Wiod I was saying before about tropical Chevrolet we are so excited that they're on the show I can't begin to tell you because tropical Chevrolet is like our pizons they're right up the street they've been there in the same spot forever and ever for 44 years 44 years that's like a lifetime and they're doing some construction right now because they want to give even better service than ever before so they're expanding the service department they're remodeling they're doing the whole thing but naturally they are open during the construction tight goodness but they're breaking ground to bring you even more service than ever before a tropical Chevrolet and let me tell you when it comes to service they know these Chevrolet they know your car inside and out I have all my vets go up there for service in fact they come right down here they pick them up they treat me with velvet gloves now here's the good news for you if you're a vet lover like I am and believe me out of here you can spend all the money in the world you'll never at any price by a smoother riding a more beautiful a more luxurious a faster car put all those things together and you got the hottest car anywhere on the road believe me and if you're hopefully me go over there and drive one but they've got a half a dozen 95 Corvettes still on a lot of tropical right now and for the final eight days of the month they ready to do whatever it takes to get you in a car you want okay and some of you may have rated automatic news in the USA today right now the company is given a thousand dollar a consumer rebate on Corvettes that Chevrolet that's doing at and right now at tropical they've got a red coupe that's one of the six 95's they have left it's a 95 with Kila Centri leather Interior standard equipment at least a 37,390 but tropical Chevrolet is offering a thousand dollars back from the dealer on this one car in addition to the thousand dollar consumer rebates who can get one hell of a deal on that get your ass in there fast and ask about it because that's going to be gone real fast tropical Chevrolet the best in sales the best in service you can't be with a stick in Miami shores they're right up here on Biscayne and the Biscayne and what's the address up there Biscayne and like what's the address George tropical Chevrolet in Miami shores right up the street at Biscayne Boulevard and whatever it is come see the great 95 Corvettes in all the way to Chevy said tropical Chevrolet what is it 88 80 like I said 88 80 this is game Boulevard okay well that would be nice to have and here I just mentioned that I know I didn't pick a lot but hey I'm just a miserable old bastard and so training camp is finally here while you're in your air condition comfort and thinking about a little heavy hour after work think about the dolphins small pads in full sun and getting down the business we're getting down to with 610 WIOD sports talk live from Dolphin's training camp will be there for every drill every grunt and every great way training camp live with default in the dolphins on the home of the dolphins news talk and entertainment radio extend WIOD it's 10 WIOD this talk radio stuff is good for you your endless is pretty sure bonjour enough I would like to take a few moments to deliver a little mess is from the family of the ticket master family we know that there have been some harsh words spoken about ticket master from some the sprint of members at the time in order to ask you there's this anyway for family to treat you the of course it's not we would like to thank a good friends of the justice department for not pursuing that little cut case against us and perhaps one day we may as to just as the department to do another small favor force I'm sure that they would be happy to do this why because they're family and family always sticks together capish also I would like to tell all the consequences of that it's take a master still the safest way the little thing tickets to your favorite shows and believe me when I say that set the can be a very fragile thing let us suppose for just a moment that you have to set it that you want to see a show but you foolish that you have to buy your tickets from some other ticket service you're standing in line when all let's say a large vegetable truck comes speeding out of control and slams into the ticket outlet kills everybody in line this is most unfuncening I know what you're saying they're saying that this kind of accident could happen anyway but believe me when I tell you that they're on the accident on please allow me to send this personal message to my good friend Eddie Veda Eddie I just want to let you know that all is forgiven come back to the family let's put a list trouble behind us but if you feel we still have differences that cannot be worked out we could meet somewhere to discuss it further absolutely told both I'm so you remember the one which I am referring or maybe Louie's in a broth until he went there often so anyway I wonder if James come which was worse the told both incident or what's in a can't he baits 151 at Wild here's see the problem was it was business and he was taken at personal lady mobile in four-laterdale hello hey Neil yes man I heard you were getting frustrated because you got stuck on that guy and you're the only one who cares nobody cares they're all taken from me they're sucking his diet out of this book and they're all doing great and I'm the one that's sitting here just to know what it's screaming or push bananas I care I'm here to motivate you okay I got stuck for a week yeah and it and then the following week it was a four-pound lot yeah I couldn't believe it I'm a slow burner so I'm doing a quick burn right now I don't want you to lose hope because you've been the motivating factor for me I'm not losing hope but I'm just you know I could come on here lying say oh gee I lost 30 pounds since I was here Friday and I could you know make it up as I go along but what's the point in that because I got to go out there and face the public they see me they say wait I'm at that guy's the fat slob still don't worry about it you're gonna next week it's gonna happen you think but I mean next week you mean this week when you get on the scale but stuck getting on the scale every day that's not how you're wrong you got to get on the scale every day I do it once a week that's bad you think yeah because then you have no idea what's going on even the doctor says every day as long as your little stick is doing something then you know you're on the right right well my little stick is doing something I'm sure it is yeah okay thanks you take care keep it up okay she says as long as your little thing is doing something here's Miami hello okay I talked to you last week about I since I talked I cut out the diet coke yeah cutting back on the night rights yeah I'm up to I don't know it's almost a second we tend days I guess six pounds okay it's okay yeah it's okay okay I'm wrong with that but I'm fine everybody's gonna lose 85 pounds in the first two minutes I'm fine tuning it you right have a suggestion for you okay I don't know if you do any exercise yeah little I do not know I'm kind of kind of person who does it normally right you have a pool right yeah I bought these things called swimcords that I heard advertised uh actually was in the paper and they let you you tie these to your ladder and then to your ankles to my ladder to your ladder or anything that's next to the pool what ladder that has a velcro's got a ladder yeah my ladder you have a how do you get out of the pool it's got a step bent okay you have a railing anywhere nearby no you need to find something to attach one end of it though yeah the other two ends you attach to your ankles and it lets you swim without having to turn laps well why do I wonder do that I mean I'm not as lazy as you are I'm not because it comes to the shock you I'm actually like lap it no it's better than doing it because you have resistance oh I it's like twice as hard to swim you get twice as much twice as hard in the water it's hard very hard it is very hard especially the water that's unusual I thought it would be the other way around not if you have no suit on it gets very hard uh well unless it's real cold water yeah but in a new rate um that and cutting back to almost you know I cut back I was it like nothing for three or four days can I tell you something and this is not an excuse but if I've got something that I can sink my teeth into and I'm not ravitously hungry all the time but there are like certain times of the day when you want to eat like like a lunchtime and dinner time and you know pretty much that's it but in this place like today we we're lost now by now after all these weeks on this after the great success we had with the doctor and everything else wouldn't you think that they would every goddamn day the weed we've got a couple of days thanks to Woody Graber and only thanks to him that we get some stuff rod in here but thanks to our sales department we got squad nothing zero zippity due to accept a lot of bad copy that makes no sense that's all we got in this joint you need to at some people should be salivating for crying out loud you better get on the phone with David Lorenzo George right after this show and telling that we want some of that great stuff they got down here like on Tuesday tomorrow you get some help well last thing yeah we need some help like sureless as we got to have some help I'm not giving up on this thing you should I'm not either I didn't say I was given up on it I'm just first right after me ask if you said whammy is this and they were just there's no such places that place I can't do it to there's no such play some lady called last week and I thought she said the bread of life she I heard or the day I called right she did say that she did say that but the problem is we forgot what it was and we got all these people calling us up bugger us and they're one of the bag that called it to be getting in the show bugger me because we just can't give them up information I thought she said the bread of life but I thought they said no they didn't know what I was no they said they didn't know what I was talking to the bread of life so we're back to square one of you we don't know we haven't got any idea what I can't find the soy a powder I want to make it myself forget about bread forget about soy a powder forget about that stuff if you're having a slow time just stick with the proteins and the fats trust me believe me down the road later on and by that time we'll give you the right name of the place we want to make it up devil bags right whatever you say okay pal good luck okay there we go a little bit of oral encouragement there for me because I need a desperately to mark him we work on something for tomorrow I'm calling mommy okay I'm telling her forget it I'll see you like in a couple of months I'll see you one of these days don't make me no more lunches okay don't because I have to go through this big psychotic episode well I'm just trying to make whatever's in the goddamn book damn it if you don't why it don't eat it and I get there and there's like 17 different things on a table 16 of which I can't eat and then in the hamburger she's got the onions in there I told her already don't put no onions in there ma God did it does cut their crap okay just go back and watch OJ and just have a nice life and get out of my face but all that stuff and then of course she brings out the little salad with all kinds of tomatoes and mushrooms which I also can't eat and she's got a special salad dressing I don't want no salad dressing even when I was not a diet I don't like salad dressing I like the salad plane I know that's unusual but that's a bonus I don't need no salad dressing yeah the try it it's like when she makes potato pancakes and I or no not what was it she makes it she always my oh like jello when she used to be for the diets he would make the diet jello for dessert and she's got that ready whip you know the low cow I don't want whipped cream on my jello I don't need it I don't really like it on jello on a big hot pot sundae yeah but on jello no but it's good so just relax and you know just cut the crap and I'm going to bring it something in for tomorrow's Wednesday or we get in Woody back here again our front friends at South Point because that guy called me and to thank me for the great job South Point seafood and steak house on the beach and then maybe Thursday what are we doing the embers again and if I have one more asshole calling this station and tell us that Hank Goldberg owns a piece of that we know it it's a great place how do you like that okay and if he'd stop eating them out of business they might actually make a profit someday I've had Hank owns a piece of that I'll bunch of yentres out there that's all you are so much a guy they're overgrown yentres and by the way that hideous no more that thing he did on the on the mound the other day that was disgraceful it was disgusting just see that and even did it on a slant here's the water hill hello water hill hello yes sir yeah Gary coin yeah Gary that's place on earth I was just cut that from Italy yes you're right exactly and I was told where did you go uh vinaz farns wrong to prey Milano all right and was heaven on earth just like you're talking about did that work the food the people the climate the terrain the sights the I mean what what could you want excellent yeah and then you're talking earlier about the airlines what a little earlier yeah the guy coming back in the united airlines now they tell everybody to sit down until you get to to the gate right everybody stands up before we get there this guy puts on the brakes and sits there for ten minutes all right good for him you get over the way out speaking tells everybody sit down and English empanish i love it do you think they sit down though really now they once now so the door to come up and down the aisles and tell everybody to sit down he found we finally 15 minutes later he moves the pipe back to the gate good for them nice go and united excellent job he didn't were great though but Italy was heaven on earth they meant to that see and Roma thank you audio so we've had their tpona ceremony home of new Rogers and the best legal staff money can buy 16 w i o d Miami Fort Lauderdale use talking entertainment radio 16 w i o d don't forget to look inside the trunk of the Lexus good afternoon it's