Aphaness Kökänchen Palmonor Pebbles over this performance by the golf... Shummafer that now will enable Patreon! As you see, yes You're some of the better Oh You are not just fallen, just tasteful, but dolphins are cursing And man, it's disgraceful, because Brian caught send the rest of them Stop my t- Make my b- She's got a new mother Birds of love, they toss in the microphone But don't but you just can't seem to be left alone And all of this is because they like saying Stop my t- Make my b- She's got a new mother Oh But they play football badly I can't play well How did the patriots kick their ass? So fun Well, they make it to the superbowl But with another two as bad as theirs What if tossing our hopes down the stairs? Oh, man You're a nuke, a nuke All in this case, both the dolphins are cursing And man, it's disgraceful, because Brian caught send the rest of them I'm singing Stop my t- Make my b- She's got a new mother Yes, they're saying Stop my t- Make my b- Mother Tell their saying Stop my t- Make my b- She's got a new mother Oh, but don't but you just can't seem to be left alone Make my b- She's got a new mother Hey, happy Monday to you, tell us seven And a W-O-D The natives are a little bit psychotic today Not a psychotic as Brian Cox was yesterday But to be expected, I don't say When he cigars And are killing me Any breath, any puff could be the last one So how about those dolphins? How about that game yesterday? How about that turnout we had on Saturday? That was the good thing we had over the weekend Did we have a beautiful, a lovely and attractive and large And a well-indouled turnout there on Saturday we sure did At the fountain shops By the way, Melissa Rodriguez, suckhold bitch Can you believe that? This goes to show you that if you just finger them a little bit That all of a sudden they try to hop back in the line This is the same bitch who a few months ago When the couple of months ago when the CDs first became available Wrote that very cryptic column about the fact Well, if you're into the WIO of D-Craft They got their CDs and cassettes Of course, if you're not getting enough of them But already with the shows and the tapes and the audio And then of course we found out that she was a bitten down They board up from a big 106 Which is why every column on radio in the Sun Sentinel Was about big 106 and about how we're this And about David Ross and the great guy and the restore free train Et cetera So you can imagine my shop When I pick up the Sun Sentinel on Saturday morning We'll let out of its sleeve and the paper too And look at this radio column by the same Melissa Rodriguez That's been betting down with a morning guy there from Big 106's producer And he says best of the aradges If you can't decide what to stuff on Wayne cousin Joe's Christmas stocking with Head to board his books and music and pick up either of Neil Rogers Best of CDs or cassettes These songpure, these are truly hilarious Though a bit off color for the more stayed listed And the product are worth every set of their $20 list price The money benefits the AIDS organization set of one deal It is Mary's 610 WIOD men Phil Henry and Rick and Suds will appear at the fashion mall In plantation today from noon to two Well listen, so we were at the font and shop Not the fashion mall that was one to three not noon to two She made sure to screw that up there at the end God forbid that anybody extra should have shown up Well guess what we had to stay next to 20 men in any way We didn't have time for nobody extra Bitch But it's just the idea it goes to show you that if you just bring these people out of the closet And rig a bit of the sunlight and shine the flash light on them And show that they're full of crap That they got some vet that they're doing somebody else's handy worth Which is the case in most of the media That somebody is just smearing some friend of theirs and asked Or somebody that they're a bidding down with or whatever it is or both Nice school and Melissa used stupid idiotic bitch And then here's a great column today Which goes to show you that if you're right enough of them sooner or later one is good Tom Jick of the Grinches it's got a UFO wire cast away an anchor And a boy Tom it's about somebody at time somebody in this town gives credit to somebody who does a good job The lovely, the talented by close personal friend Barbara Sloan who is one of the best and one of the sweetest people who's ever worked in this town She gets screwed by the people they're a channel for And you know something they made the big switch to be channeled for the crappy signal And everybody said well our numbers are really in a crapper because nobody can see them And so they switched with the four and now it's WF or they're over on a big signal And their numbers still suck How about that? And they've lost one of you or me I'll tell you that I'm watching even channel seven news once in a while When I'm in a really good mood or but I really depressed and I want a few last I'm even watching channel seven news Or channel six or channel 10 or CNN or anything Or even the CDC news on a satellite as opposed to channel FOR we screw you over So we can have those great news men is a little bimbleda bringing in from Atlanta where it helps you come from or she come from from Denver like I said even worse So we got the beautiful Dave game on your covering up the screen We got Dr. Steve who can't find his way out of the brush Bush And we got the Camberl Marshall that was Martian lips We've got a hell of a cast of characters over there on FOR you can take your news And then the last straw for me was not only they can borrow his loan and screw her over but Friday night or Thursday night On your sensitive of six o'clock dinner hour newscast when they show that Santa Ria got with all the blood and the chickens and the goats And that they just kept showing it over and over again In addition to which they're very very big very very big On that pew can I don't see that too much on the other red channels but channel 4 man if you don't pew from watching Dave game in Cabo Martian You're going to puke and Joseph Gaki Now how'd you like to watch Joseph Gaki in the middle of your lunch hour huh? Oh, I mean, what am I going to do about this? I guess they're in the break for my media with switch that over because Rick was so enthralled with somebody bailing him out of that night at 10h So thanks Tom Jika for writing it like it is about the great Barbara Sloan She'll be alright she'll be way to hell ahead of the game getting out of a toilet like that I'll guarantee that Our Santa one total is way over 80 grand. I have no idea what it is because another little miss muff that he hasn't shown her I lovely pushing here yet this morning so we don't know what they'll be did on Saturday We don't know much about anything because it's the holidays now from now to the end of the year It's going to be a lot of parties a lot of usvent holidays And that's why I work in a way a bunch of adult videos here this morning Because I'll tell you one thing after that thing we went through with the CDs last week I will never ever by another show given away a bunch of stuff except today. I'll make an exception And I think we got some hockey tickets coming out Wednesday We're almost coming in and Don Sherry's going to be on our Wednesday I think I hope and then we'll probably give away a bunch of hockey Well, so holidays isn't this the time to give away a bunch of crap to everybody Isn't this the time to like open up your big posts and say hey I love you even if I don't really Hi, this is Mari povich. Which is you are happy to connect it Okay, no forget our biggest trip. I'll give those numbers in a minute We got to get a whole bunch of people signed up for that five years at the month, which means we got about two weeks If we're going to have 50 people signed sealed and delivered And by the way speaking of that, speedy wonder will be flying the plane 1013 at WIOD it's another Kendall Toyota exclusive right now It probably only from the next 30 40 years Kendall Toyota will pay at least four grand for your trade no matter what condition it is in Even if you got a tolting, yank it and push it and shove it in and the car to They'll give you at least four grand to the purchase of any brand new 1996 Toyota preppy event folder and a revolron super to comrad a camera yalee camera wagon Camera V6 select a 200 pickup to come extra cat to go a 200 extra cat to come a pickup or land cruise or And start got it everybody who buys a new Toyota right now Kendall Toyota also gets at no extra charge in AT and T say they're to phone and maybe even gets to sit down and have a smooth with Don Cots So get your ass down there and don't forget as always Kendall Toyota will beat any other price on any other Toyota Toyota for many other dealer advertised or otherwise so if you want to waste money, go someplace else If you want to best deal available anywhere in the world you had for Kendall Toyota on US 1 just south of Date land the suffer based on MSRP Excutes to sells corollos and pass a OZ and of course not a conjunction with any other offer I want to hear about the negative stuff we've got it done. I mean how all why I don't go we want to gain I want to hear nothing negative. I want to read no negative in the paper tomorrow We finally want to gain Until the work is out of town We get rich like my daughter Put on some machines and join the parade Fucking all you ladies are new way Please I I Said my I Said I You I You You I You I 10, I'd say that WOD, so here we got a manifestly irresponsible, out-of-control asshole named Ryan Cox, who has the big play of the game on his shoulders. This isn't an imaginary play and imaginary tackle at the allegedly made against Atlanta two weeks ago that they kept talking about all the yesterday which he did not make that play, and Tim Bowen's did. It's just like when I've told you this before, Van Patrick, who used to do the Lions games games for 100 years, was such a big fan, such an ass kisser of Josh Mid, that even when Schmidt was on a bench, and there'd be a big tackle in a game, and Josh Mid makes another great tackle to say the game for the life, and he'd be on a bench. So it's another fan-tanker that Brian Cox made two weeks ago, but even assuming he made that one, yesterday, Thurmond Thomas ran through him, over him, under him, around him, and up his ass, to quote Harry Neal. Up his ass. Throughout the entire game, Rushed for nearly 200 yards, single-handedly defeated the dolphins, running over, under, under his legs, and then, of course, the gains saving play potentially, which might have given the dolphins the bell back in a chance to tie it up a win. And here's Thurmond Thomas and Cox's demand to make the tackle. There he is right into his arms. Cox seems to have some stuff, and as you oops, there he goes. He's squirts out of his hands, dies for the X-Criart in the half or two yards, makes the first down. And now comes the emotional out-of-control offers one more time for the East Coast. So there we go. Punching in the Eleanor, of course, the Guider on the bills. He knows how to punch his buttons. I mean, it's easy. Is it hard to punch Brian Cox's buttons? It's the easiest thing going. And I want you to keep in mind. Here's your guy that's suing everybody in the world. He's suing their state in his suing the NFL. He's suing Phil Henry. He's suing the God. He's suing everybody. Because it's everybody else's fault that he looks like a buffoon in a jackass to his kids and everybody else's kids and grown-ups and people that we haven't determined what origin they're of. And that's the problem. It's always somebody else's fault. The Brian Cox looks like a weaving lunatic and asshole. So there he is. Walk it, waltzing off the field. This is the same Tundra where he gave him the big finger, the big one finger salute. We said the time we all thought was amusing. Right? But now when you put it in context of his ongoing overall behavior, you realize this is a frightening guy, frightening, pathetic who doesn't contribute when he's really called on to make the big play. It's fight of what the media says. And here's another example of why many of us have been saying all along, Schuola has lost control of these guys. He never would've had an Irving spikes on a team or a Brian Cox 10 15 years ago. And I know care how well Irving spikes return kick off yesterday. There's another disgrace. What hell is he doing on that team? They've hide by the way. Nice going again. Dave right on target. Cox is spitting image of a team in trouble. Yeah, he is full of spit. You're right Rick. He's full of spit. Unbelievable. Spitting. I wish you would like frozen right there in the middle of the frigid air in Buffalo and like done a back at your right. His early post. Spitting and spitting and just circulating in the flailing and keren on like another group ball out of control. So the kids really respect your Brian. It's only Phil Henry. He's responsible. That's why nobody respect you because anybody who would see your beautiful behavior on a field. See you make it those big plays. They'd have immediate respect for what a genius you are. Su in the NFL because he's being discriminated against because he's black. There's racism involved there. No, what would you say 60 70% of the players in the NFL are black? At least 60%. And how about those cowboys riggling off the hood? Oh my god was I praying. I you know, it was too good to be true. Losing to a girls team like the Giants to lose three in the world. I was very swishier standing around the sidelines. Look, what is this? Let's go and I out there. I'm surprised when they got down ready to kick the field. They're at the end of the game that he didn't punch. I mean, this man is an accident. Way to happen. And D on was a $35 million. He's fighting the big one. God nice defensive holding pedal either in the first half. That's about all I remember him doing all day long. $35 million. Another hot dog, another asshole. Okay, don't forget Carl Rocky and Regal Travel if you want to go to Vegas with a April 18th through 21st. We're going to stay at the MGM tower in the new MGM grand the new tower. Three nights, the Lux rooms. This is Vegas at its best. It's doing a double right. It's like you know, marginal middle of the road place. 599 bucks per person for a double including tax baggage handling and a bunch of extras were throwing in. $569 per person for a triple and 552 for a quad. They need $150 down payment per person by the 7.30 first. The balance you pay by February 1st. So you'll still have like two more months to pay. But in the meantime, if you do want to go, I urge you. I'm trying to get like a sense of urgency on this day at a gravy spots on Friday. Let's keep it up this week. As we want to make sure that this thing flies, you can call it from data-browered, Rocky and Regal Travel called 445407740. 4457740 from Palm Beach, it's 989 8888. 989 88 or toll-free statewide is 186861161. 186861161. It is going to be great. I'm starting to sound like Chris Collins work. A little on the Raspi side. These cigars are killing us. Did you hear that chill again? By the way, he had on Wayne's a dance. Wayne Farts of the Lions who went every day like 144 to nothing or something like that. Talked about stickin' a cigar up his ass. It was great. A lot of good comments about that show too at our reference. 1024Wild. What? The one who played his review at News talking entertainment radio, 16WI-Mode. The Rowson in for blocking support. He had parlorally in the eye formation in the last few. Why out these were? Loach it from mixed up. He had all the counter-ghosts of Parlorally. He's at the three. It is in total. Touchdown Dolphins. Bernie's parlorally behind the right time was usually the Andrew Braindler. Andrew Braindler. Wow. He's got his parlorally in his fantastic and a great drive for Miami. I'm sorry, 1028 at WID. So they lost the game. Life goes on. He's still got a shot at the playoffs. Grim and Slim is in maybe. So let's give away these 10 to the old videos. I'm done. Don't smoke this. I'm done. You kids out there. Don't you dare. I'm done. I'm done. Don't smoke this. You kids out there. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. I'm done. Everyone in Dio. Decent. There's going to be 25 hours after the first year. When beat them all this to begin. As Satternads game was going to be the biggest game in the history of their franchise. We goal in Europe and kick their ass seven to two by the way. Congratulations to Barry Jackson for being one月 honest person is thermcher of the CRISARIE is the worst. Local play by playing Oscar for any sports in the history of the human race right I don't know. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I just wanted to ask those little gentlemen if that would be what Jibber watched a game or I was in the car driver. I was going to get a car. This guy is totally off the wall. I have never heard a more ridiculous analysis though that is. I mean, in far shows you have to be impartial in your own little way. This guy is, I mean, somebody who is from out of town, so listen to this guy doing a dog game would be out of their mind. This guy is totally ridiculous. Or they might be alive to ever run a show like before that this guy can get on the radio and do what he does. I mean, the guy just did this thing on his file. He's coaching with something. I know he's definitely gave. That might be an idea. Man, it's for new coach. Yeah, it's a totally ridiculous thing. And then he goes for an A. Yep. That's just totally ridiculous. They just never heard anything more ridiculous my entire life. Bush League, maybe. Yeah, absolutely. Fuck it. Lots of such an okay. Heavy do these such and come in from that broadcast booth. Not that you have to fuck, but I guess it feels good. So anyway, here's the names of the, I can't give you the names of all these videos, huh? But it's one I can't read. Finger food. Here comes lunch, squirt, squirt. But no, it's, these are from Mitch's video, as by the way, right? I hope. I mean, I don't hope, but I'm sure that they must be. Right? Aren't they? They're from Mitch's video, way. Yeah, right. Okay, well, I'm not 100% of 99% sure, but he's the last guy I want to give credit for something if it isn't him, Jesus. But no, it's me so horny. What am I, them must be that the new one that's CNN put out, that's the Elary King's story. Me so horny, that's the one. Other people's posse, gushard rules, ass pounders, road old rammer. You can't fight. We got 10 lovely adult videos there because it's the holidays and what better thing to do on a phonica than sit around and watch Peter North, right? Or somebody like that. And of course this was the big topic conversation here all morning. I'm trying to get a little bit organized for your all what tells go it on here. It Adam and Georgia haven't like fist fights, trying to, you know, take a grab and see what the hell is, which is on which box. So which one was the best box? First for a lottery on the purple line. Hello. Go on. You lose to bad, you lose. Whatever was you wanted, whatever you wanted to say, whatever you wanted for free, whatever your life was all about, you lose. Okay, how do you like that? By the way, our center one total is zooming up there very nicely like I said, we had a great, not a good but a great turnout on Saturday in spite of Melissa Rodriguez and in admission for nation. Seriously, somebody is going to take care of that bitch. I'm Tony, you just feel it. You know, I'm a smell of it. Look at that, that is a beautiful thing. We must have had a humongous day there, huh? We did 5000 there. All right, sports fans. How do you like that? 85,000, 499. I want to tell you something about that crowd we had out there on Saturday, a living and breathing crowd. There were some really, and they're not slandily lady was there. She was very shy and very embarrassed. What did she embarrassed about? She looks great. She's lost over 70 pounds on the Atkins by she looks sensational like a different person. She looks phenomenal. And we had some other people who looked to be honest with it pretty phenomenal. It was just a living and breathing crowd. That was like I said sensational. So anyway, and then a guy with the eyes had a show up. Here is a mobile and Jupiter, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I did want to say what a peep the garbage frying cock to. Yeah. Yes, and it was good to see both campers stand up. I'm telling one of the peep the garbage. I knew here I didn't hear both campers. What was he saying? One, four trap obviously last night. Here. Oh, we lost. Damn it. Here's one guy that's going to give us some good information and his mobile crap. So, damn it. Somebody also told me. Because I didn't hear any of that. We have an open line and grower at 5249463-524-WID. Because I got to get all his Mike Lang calls even though Pittsburgh lost last night. By the way, the leaves want 3-2 and overtime. I mentioned that they like how does a pistol, baby, my leaves. But that was hell again. The penguins and the flyers. And of course, I hadn't been. So I got 5 penguins goals on there for Wednesday to piss Rimmer off. So I didn't have an opportunity to listen to a bow camp and all these other mavens on here. But it would be real interesting to find out if we hit. Because I told both campers in a hall at the day. Especially when I saw how big and scary he is. I said, you're the one guy in our sports staff that's got some balls and tells it like it is and that isn't afraid. It isn't cow tongue and it's shoe-a and that whole door door door door door organization. You got to admit it was a hell of a game. Buffalo gave him a Christmas and a kind of a get they gave him 10 points. What about they had done nothing, Miami the whole first half. Offensively or defensively, nothing. Buffalo comes out and said, okay, we feel sorry for you. We know you came all the way up here to this cold weather. We're going to get a bad head cold weather. You'll give you something here's 10 points. We'll let you back in a game. Just to turn out to be hell of a game. And Marino I don't care what anybody says and I do mean anybody. Here's the one guy on that team that's got balls. He dislocates his finger and gets it caught in the guy's helmet luckily on the electam. He misses one play in which Bernie Kosa comes in and throws a little girly pass that wobbling duck that still I think it's still wobbling over the skies of Buffalo somewhere. It's probably over Hamburg right over Buffalo raceways we speak and we'll probably land somewhere between Fredonia and Depue because you could smell it a long ways away. Even a little girl could have thrown a better, a better looking pass. It's like wobbling in overhand like a kick off. Bernie I tell you sweetheart you are just got a bunch up a little bit. And then Marino comes out with a left hand to take up. He's got the dislocated finger. He comes out in the second half drives him down to field after those turnovers. They get to field roll. They get to touchdown after Buffalo takes the lady drives him in there for another score. The only thing that the fickle fans in his tower remember is he threw one really smelly bad pass there that got intercepted and set up the game winning field goal. They won't remember that it was Brian Cox who let Thurmond Thomas slip away with like a minute and a half or two minutes left in the game that would have given Danny Boy a chance to drive right down to field again. And you have the feeling if he's got to ball and McDuffies catching like he was they're probably go down there and you know do it again. No they won't remember that though because they're fickle baby. Like I said three weeks ago this town was ready to get a lynch bond together to fry his shoelas asked to go out there and hang them in the goddamn Everglades. Now they want a couple of games and wow Super Bowl he's okay. And they lose to the bills yesterday in the game of the century. Like they do every December by they've never beaten Buffalo in December. Ever in the history of the two franchises they have never ever beaten Buffalo in December. Ever. As the word choke start coming to mind. And now first they're right back on a bandwagon to get the rope and the assa and the the hacksaw there again they want to take them back on the woods to the woodshake. 1037 at WIOD did you know you can buy a Dolphins football helmet rolling 999 and after yesterday line high. It's true it even has the official logo of the Dolphins right on it. And what's more it's the most delicious football helmet you've ever popped in your push. You see this football helmet is the newest ice cream cake from Carvelle. It's a cheap lucky helmet decorated with Dolphins logo and hand made of rich delicious ice beauty in rich stadium. Your participating Carvelle ice cream bake we are favorite Supermarket has them fully 999. And with proof of purchasing sit in for a free spiral football. So look for the Carvelle football helmet case you're participating Carvelle ice cream bakery or your favorite Supermarket. They're only 999. Succeed by a whole bunch of them for the holidays. And don't forget when you do buy a sit in for that free spiral football. The Carvelle football helmet is waiting for you. It's waiting on you. It's waiting in you right now to your Carvelle ice cream bake we because Carvelle believes everything should be made of ice cream, even Dolphins football helmets. And maybe even a little bit of that spittle we saw in Buffalo yesterday. The opinion is expressed by the most guest of Colors on WIOV. Your mum has to surely do some things and more expansions. Although we will be programed in Copyright 1995 by WIOV Incorporated. No danger for courtes and transcripts may be created or distributed without prior means consent of WIOV Incorporated. Buffalo's! Bills! Thoughts! O! In 1971 we bid a tearful goodbye to the doors. Well, they're back in the 90s as the windows. Windows 95. The bill gets computer high. My computer just went down and I came this around with Windows 95. The windows. Their music isn't exactly poetry to the ears of computer users around the world. You can put your spare wood. All of how matters for me. Don't take the moment against the subway. The window will bring high rock to your high drop. I'll do. I run you with the moment or it. The F. The sweet me I should get it from free. The window. And the windows 95 tour. The free to crash. It's been a lot of time with us. 10.41. WIV did that center one. Total is looking really good. 85.499. You can order your best of CDs and cassettes on the atteshearts too by Colin Center 1 right now. 5.61. 0.078. Or you can pop into your borders, books, music and cafes doors. And other like all over the place. It's probably like one you look out to window. There's one right there. Their scroll springs. They're an adventurer. They're in Cannell. They're in Boca for Waterdale. They're in Cannell. They're in Cannell. They're in Cannell. And they got our stuff in here. And our next appearance is going to be on. Let's see. Saturday to simmer 30th. No need to. To the borders and cross springs. Taking our lives in our hands. Facing all of those gains up there in cross springs. That's from. No need to. 30th. Here's a Roberto. What is this? The Roger. Are you? Okay. I'm glad to hear you. I had a great turnout. It was a beautiful crowd. And a beautiful crowd. And most of the morning to the age of 100. When I went to the fashion center, the woman talking with Rick Riley. It looked like he had a fight with a brick truck and block. I'll play the. Yeah. Okay. Well, it's Rick's crowd. No, actually, you're right. We didn't have a very, I remember making that come. We had a big crowd at the fashion. All the very ugly. I know, right. And I'll pardon you. I went to the crowd. Let me. Let me. I'm going to make it. Yeah. Who does? Yeah. Are you cereal? Yeah. I'm going to. I'm going to do a show report. I had to ask you something. If you guys don't make the quarter of 50 people. Is it time to 31? Right. You guys, and I like to get refunds. Are you going to count on the 31? It'll. It's going to happen. No worry about it. Okay. Great. I just had to stick everybody with a pin up their ass because it was starting off real slow, which partly because I didn't have all the information that makes it different. And number two, because, you know, people are nervous after the last two years. Right. Bob Lincoln may have scared a few hundred people away. I don't want to suggest to you did. But he might just as scared a few thousand people away. Okay. Listen, I think to a casino before, but he would get that white dress that old, you know, where you're going to cruise, so it's like that. Oh, it's a good thing. Forget that. Never mind. I'll tell you. Once you walk in the MGM brand, you'll think that you've been missing your life. Every day that you've been breathing, you've been missing life. I'll tell you. Once you're all takes a look at the boxes on these videos, she's also going to know she's been missing it. Oh, the video is well, I'm not calling for the video. Thank God. She just looked at the first one and said, oh, my God. I've been listening. I've been through Europe. I've been all over the plane. But I've never been to a car. Oh, my God. Yeah. Let me ask you what? Wait a minute. Why are you propped up against the wall over there with that box? What which one is it? Here comes lunch. Yeah. Well, there's lunch, breakfast and dinner. What's wrong with that more than you ever saw sweetheart, with that Jewish judge. And the other one. But anyway, what were you saying were very concerned? Let me have a record. I mean, you can dress. Like sloppy. You can be fancy. They sloppy are the better. Okay. There's no dress code. Even in the, I would say there might be maybe a couple of restaurants in Vegas where you want to more a sports jacket. But I don't think you're going to beat near. But, uh, Jen, even even in that real expensive one, what's the name of that place, George? The restaurant with a lobster down there, um, oh, damn it. With the big lobster on the sign where we ate, uh, you wouldn't know. It's about your price range, sure. But, uh, but even a place like that, you don't have to go in. You can go in very casual. Okay. You just want your money. Well, I want to call Rocky today. No, it's, uh, it's, uh, it's, uh, open until what time you get out of work. Like, you know, middle league. But, but, can't you call her now? Well, because I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a legal break on the phone. You're not probably the pair with. So you can't take like two minutes to call or do anything? Yeah, I can do it. I mean, it's two thirty two legs. No, of course not. Okay. Well, great. So I'll get a touch with the threat. Great. Where's it? I'm. I'm okay. Well, do you want no difference? See you later. Okay. Thank you. We have an open line in day 7509463751WildD. Every time we had these adult videos in here, which I think are relatively tame to be honest with you, Cheryl comes in here and has to finalize the boxes. Or that once you were squeezing that box, so tight I thought we were going to have an accident. But my favorite is that Larry King won. They are Larry King's during me so Hornier. That's my favorite. Here's Port Saint loosely. Hello. Ryan the foul temper. The first old man really hates I-O-D. And if you'd like to talk to him, he'll do you just like Bill Hadry. Some of these. All of the other stuff is used to laugh and have some fun. Yeah. They always follow faster Brian. And now with whether season gone. Yes. Then one Sunday after noon, the brain stemble from his bath. All I he claimed Brian caught for a few fast. Could feel Henry made him look like an ass. But the soon way more bring in Jimmy. Cause you were thin living in the past. So much. And Brian will have to cut the crap there. Or give me all this trade in. And. Remind somehow. Jimmy will trade in the. And rest of them too. Okay. See that's Greg from Boiton Beach. If he just calls like once every four years with something like that, we love him. We have an open line. Of course he said, don't be given no stuff away on the air or else I'll call in and sing something. Open line on a green line there. 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3. We got these in L videos here, which I'm going to milk nothing. I'm you know, buying calls given stuff away. Not after that traumatic game yesterday. See the audience. They're back. The whole town is right back on a bad wagon. And let's have the lynch mob for the brain. Stay. We need some help exactly. Who the hell is this man kidding anyway. Okay. Talk about life is passing them by. What the hell of day one like in the last 23 years. Once in a great great while. I'm a rarest of occasion. They might win the division. Might. Really. But hey, when it comes down to the big games. But I remember that AFC championship game three years ago when we had that really good season. And Buffalo came in here and hopes were high. And that was the year we were going to the Super Bowl. And this team pulled it up like a goddamn accordion. It was pathetic. Talk about not even showing up. Not that we want to put a lot of pressure on Don. It's just time for the Don. Like they said, the Don is slipping with all the respect that Don is slipping. And Marv Levy out coaches this man game after game after game year after year. Especially the more significant there is in the outcome of the game. The more Marv Levy out coaches him. And if you read Dave Heids column, they were astonished. They were shocked like they ran that they ran the end around place. And they were in 85 times yesterday with Steve Tanskir. And he would have thought that after the first 650 times they would have seen it coming. Nope. And he talks about that. And here's saying that the bills coaching staff was just shocked. The entire team was shocked that they just kept running the same place over and over again. And nobody adjusted to it. Even the great Jeff Cross said some of the simple lead plays to Thomas. They just kept running him. And Thomas must be good enough to win. Says the great Jeff Cross. How do you like that? We just must not be good enough to win. And the most amazing part of it is, first of all, Carol Iow, you do realize the story of the Century in sports. They're probably going to wind up 500. If they went next week, they could be the first 500 expansion team. Certainly in the history of the NFL. It's on herd of. And when you stop and think about it, even if Miami wins. Next week against the pathetic St. Louis Rams, which they probably will, is should. They might. But they wind up 9 and 7. Carol Iow, which is a girls team with that little pucky kid that quarterback, care from Penn State. They're going to wind up possibly 8 and 8, which is only one game off of that. Just stop and just stop and, uh, try that old Brown Little bit and spit it out. 1049 at WOD. Listen, Ryan was just listening to what's your name, Dr. Marion. Remember Dr. Marion, the Grabowski, the sex bitch from you of 10 years ago? When it doubts, spit it out. You always said it. There's a new choice. A smart choice for cellular service here in South Florida. And that choice is Mobile 1 cellular networks. Which over to Mobile 1 to get these three stocking stuffers? A Carlite O'Power adapter, a leather carrying case for your phone. And a motor roller pager. That's 150 bucks worth of free stuff on your switch over to Mobile 1. Along with your free stocking stuffers, Mobile 1 will give it the lowest individual rate plan anywhere in town. You'll pay just $19.95 per month and then includes free airtime. And on the average extra airtime will cost you only 33 cents a minute. So Carl Mobile 1 today at 1-800 phone M1 and make the switch to Mobile 1 cellular. South Florida's new cellular choice. You'll get three stocking stuffers worth 150 bucks. And most importantly, the lowest individual rate plan available anywhere at South Florida. Call them today, make the big switch. 1-800 phone M1. 1-800 phone M1 Mobile 1 cellular. Connection TV required for your free motor roller pager. We're covering the news of South Florida on the government test for summer news stations. But they don't have the people we do exist in WIOD news. Doesn't matter where this story is. Doesn't matter when time and happens. We'll be there. The last news. Twenty-four hours a day. Every day news talking entertain the radio. Six-ten WIOD. Holy cow, Aaron's coming by new you are coming. I'd a big decay. Tonight on a current affair. Checking videos of the Brady bunch is all night, Western Oil, Orangey. Have I considered you ready for it? Yeah. Well, never before seen episodes. Too racy for network television. Come on, come on. Come on. Congratulations, honey. I'm going to tell Alice the news. He's here, room. Tonight on a current affair. Ten fifty-two a WIOD that set a watch total just keeps zooming up there. Baby it's incredible. eighty-six thousand seventy-three-nine. You see when you kicked these bastards in the ass a little bit. Plus the fact it's like right in the middle of Honocanov Christmas is only like seven days away a week from today. We're going to have some really great programming for our next week. Aren't we? I think like dead air. Did we sign off overnight last night by the way? I think we were off the year last night for like technical maintenance. What is this I'm seeing on Latin MTV right now? Man, oh man. Father and son said and done. Boys on? Boys on what? Here is a point in beach. Hello? Point in beach. Is gone? All right, that's a good move. Open line on the Green Line. 1-800-944. Here's a mobile in Orlando. Hello? Hey, how's it going? Okay, sir. I wanted to talk to you by another God-look wonder. Dan Reeve. How does the code of the New York City? The New York Times. The team is going nowhere. Yes? The going nowhere. Right. They've got four minutes to go in a game against the division leader. And they can't fulfill them. And they pun. They puned with four minutes to go. To get down is back to ball with four minutes. Wait a minute. I saw the last half of that game. The last three quarters of that game. Where were we talking about? At the very very... Well, where were they? Where was the ball? It was... They had the ball somewhere between 30 and 35. The rowing, 35 yard blind. And it was fourth and what? Right. And they puned the ball. But it was fourth and what? How far did they have to... On the wrong 30 to 35, and you wanted to go for it when they got to two-point lead? They had a few point lead. I know. I know. But the field code... They've got nothing to lose. They've got nothing to lose. I understand that. But the point is... Listen, the kid for Dallas to feel a little kid or Bionuel has made like 700 kicks in a row. You made one of that game already. But the point is... So if you give them the ball on your way... If you don't make it... And you give them the ball on your own 35 yard line... Right. That's already only a 52 yard field goal if they don't make anything at all. You're not gonna do that. You're gonna do it. That's a little bit of a point. Dallas have been driving the ball. They... But they have not gotten into the end zone. So you back... So you back them up in their own territory. That's the point. You back them up as far as Sir Yunhoff and about football. You're a bozo. You're an idiot. You're a clown. That's the dumb... This guy called up very switcher and give him a touch with his go. Well yeah... That is the dumbest call. I mean I know they're most of the people down here are totally unknowledgeable about any sport. But that's just... That could be the dumbest call I've ever had in my life from a guy that sounds like his IQ's bigger than his penis. But maybe not. Well if it's three... I mean that's just amazing. They should have gone for it on their own 30 or 35 yard line with four minutes left in a game and they got a 2 point leave. What is this man talking about? What kind of cock-off are we talking here baby? Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Did you like that call? Oh yeah. Is that an knowledgeable guy? Yeah right now. He wants to develop very pusher this guy. Yeah right. But anyway. Yeah on inside NFL HBO show. Yes. They call me Connie tried to hit Schula right between the eyes. But it was a good question. Yeah. Oh that's a first. Yeah but Schula died to the heart. He'll never talk to him again or you're a T of that. Well he kind of asked me to hate Coach. Team seems to be in a rage. This a rage. Yeah. There's screaming at each other. There's screaming at the coaches on the side line. He says why don't you just kick them in the ass. Like you used to do that. You're ready. And Schula came back with something like... Well you know I was just bigger bigger than you guys back in the post day. We need some help. Yeah. Now he's just a shriveled up old man. Yeah. He doesn't have control baby. He or her eye control. The natives are running the asylum of him. Yeah. He needs physical intimidation. Could be able. Maybe he's just afraid. Well, I think so. Or worse than that. Yeah. He might sit on him. Yeah. He might sit on the old brains then. Yep. Which of course we know that's where Brian's brains are anyway. If he's got any. So how did you like that performance here at the end of the game yesterday? Didn't that like bring great credit to the Adolfing organization in the city of Miami? And our entire NFL. For all the little kids that were watching at the 4.0.0 on Sunday. Well he doesn't want to be a role model. That's why he's in the pool. Right. Fred the word. Okay. Thank you so much for whatever it is he was saying. Thank you Terry for whatever this is. Mounts in Buffalo. Miami dolphins. The linebacker. Brian Cox. Now what is this from? Or from the Palm Beach Post. Spits at Buffalo fans Saturday as he is escorted. The locker room after being ejected from the game. He's a little bit too much credit. So what is it about? For fighting late in the fourth quarter. The low Buffalo fan uses the side to send Cox a message of his own. The fan is holding up a side that says Brian Cox proudly wears his IQ on his chest. Brian Cox wears his IQ on his chest as in 51. I think the guys give him a little bit too much credit. So what is it about 48 points too much? Unbelievable. Here's the keep his game. Hey, how you doing Neil? Great. Long time no cocky. Alright. I'm your buddy from Washington North. Sure. But we lost you on S.U.A. So I think we got to move down here to hear you. Good. How you doing? I'm doing okay. Holy body. Happy birthday to you of me. I'm sorry. I couldn't get to you before I've been working. Yeah. I work at the U of M.E. You're a TV fan? Yes, I do. You work as you doing what? I'm running that pitch. One of the capturers. Oh, good. I tell you, you put a lot of good stuff for those people at the airport. You're a terrible. Yeah, I bet you don't. You listen about your cigars. What are you smoking today? I'm smoking Garsher Vega. Go on taste. Okay. Can I pass by and drop the off one? I got a nice cube in 40. I don't smoke though. You can drop it off for George. I won't smoke it. I'll tell you that right now. Oh no. He's the one of those big gut wrench. No, no, no. I don't like a hit out of this. I'm not going. I'm not going. I just hit the team. I just hit the team and throw it in a hay. Yeah, drop by a nice, busy Cuban. Yeah. About 580. About 580. 140 pounds. 580. About 150, alright? No, here on the chest. Nice black here. Good hard. A lot of the man when I got here. You're inside. Yeah. You're out. Good hit. And he'll connect the corner of your take. Sure. Which one? Which is the whichever one you choose. The send it on. Well, me so horny is right on top. Give me that one. I'll give it to you. Oh, right. If you come in, we'll swap over to cigar. It's the Larry King story. You're so horny. Yeah. I'll do it on the way home. Okay. I'll give this. You probably will do it on the way home. Okay. Hang on. Line 3. He's so horny, baby. Okay. Give this beautiful thing. Look at those pictures. They're on their front. Look at that. Oh, my God. She's having breakfast. She's having lunch. She's having desserts. And this guy. I can't take a look. This one. How come most of the guys, except for Peter North and one or two other guys? Most of the guys in adult videos are also ugly. Ugly. That's in those straight videos. Of course, in a fact videos, they're not going to put up with the too many ugly guys. Okay. Once in a great while, though, putting like a token ugly guy in a fact video, just to prove that there are some ugly fans. Well, speaking of that, look at this. George Michael on Latin MTV. So anyway, don't forget to vagus trip. Get on a horn with the rocky 4, 4, 5, 77, 44, and set a one. We're like almost 90 grand. We are, you almost get to feeling we might be doing it. Almost. Almost. Almost. I'm not familiar with these odd things. The wing things are. 610 WIOD. By any word, Latter Day. How new is talking in a payment radio. 610 WIOD. Brighton versus Doc. Brighton versus Diana. 50 rounds, in a side, who will wear the ground. And, Matthew. Matt, no more, you're hanging in the back. Who's your mate? Brighton. Why? Tasty one and a fight that would break him the box. Yes, right. Brits is Diana just wanted to beat up a man. Get him, man. I should run too so hard. You're never so funny. Yes, you can get it. John King. And the queen, reset. Tyson versus Diana. Rodden's got the mama, you sure, food around a back in his truck. I don't know where the crown is. You guys will take your family to our hangover. You're not good, but you miss your mama. Yes, now is in the palace. Tyson and Doc. I don't put her on her key in fucking me. Brighton, I don't pay for you. Okay, tell our six to WIOD. Happy holidays to you. Happy Wednesday. Happy whatever the hell you got on. Happy Quanza. It's said, well, what is that? What is that? Quanza stuff, huh? That's like the 26th. No, I don't mean like when. I mean like what is it? See, I'm trying to say anything that would like eBay, the obvious at this point. And thank God, Jeff rumors here. When and how would I ever think I would say that? Thank God, Jeff rumors here on this particular day. Money, stun, halala, haze. Why is this day any different from any other day? That's because Jeff rumors here to save the day. He might have been okay here this morning. But that's another story which we'll talk about later. I'm sure we will. I might just have one or two comments to make. But, you know, not now. Let's not spoil a good time. So anyway, Don Cherry's going to be with us on the phone in about 20 minutes. Don't sit back and a chair like sit up there by that thing. Some microphone. I don't want you to use to see. I don't want to interrupt anything. Yeah. After all, it's stimulating radio call after all. Oh, see, you're going to start. You're going to start. Hey, what time is your show on? I don't have one. Yeah, exactly. That's by point. Well, I know. Okay, that's best I don't see it. Let's all just to like go hungry now. No comment. No matter what it is, no comment. Okay. No comment. Let's see if we got anybody listening this morning. Okay. Now, how many tickets did you bring by the way? No, I have to check it here. Now you're assuming something. Assuming what? Then I'm going to give tickets away today. Yeah, I've got a second to look for. I never said I was going to go. I just lost her into this ego thing. Oh, come on. You ain't get alone. See, this isn't 2 a.m. We don't sit here and play these like 2 tea little games. You know, everything is like 20 to 25. These two, five arguments between ass and what's there in the little dog, whatever the guys them. We don't do that. No, we don't drink people on here to stick their head up. We don't have that. If we want somebody to kiss us, we got depot. We don't have that. You kiss and ask. Well, listen, I was listening down on my way in here up the dial. Yeah, they're defending Brian Cox. You can say, catch no. You can. They're defending Brian Cox. They're defending Brian Cox. They're defending. They're defending. They're defending Brian Cox. They're defending that radio station on Thursday nights. Well, that's on sound like a conflict interest to me. Give me your phrase. Yeah. Anyway, it's a terrible state. Did you tell me they said, Joe's in New and Dyke went to Pittsburgh? Yeah. First of all, who would believe that? Didn't the penguins just unload robatine on both Samuel's since because they couldn't afford to pay well on their still in financial problems? The penguins need more scoring power. Like I need more hemorrhards. Well, Joe knew a dyke did get traded. He just tried to trade it. He was a late last night after the deadline. I might have. Yeah. The trade wasn't made by midnight. I just looked at the late edition of the USA today, which doesn't go to bed until 2am. And there's no deal in the newspaper, but for all hockey fans tuning in this morning, doing Dyke went and it's just a bogus trade. He went to Dallas for Dallas. Number one pick. First name Jerome, second name Alphabet. And Corey Millen, who was in the international league for most of last year. Now I don't for a fact, or is it that he like when you couldn't pronounce the name on a P.A. that one gave me the same thing again. We can't pronounce his last name, so it's Alphabet's tooth. He's at number one pick. I got a Camlub British Columbia. I like it. I like it. My favorite place Camlubes. Yeah. Camlubes. Next to medicine. He's with fruit loops. No, anyway. Don't start on the knees already. Where are you? I'm not starting on the knees. Give me a plate. The matter is, New and Dyke is traded to the Dallas Stars. I had to fight with what I got. I got that. I got a team that made it. They can't score. That team is so god damn boring. So maybe there's some justice there. Because they eat it by a dandelion. It would have been nice if the least would have got him. But I mean, being realized if the Panthers got him. But the Panthers are doing great in the big article today is how they're doing great with the low pair. So they're not looking like to pay anybody gigantic money with all these subscribers. We're here now from Wayne. So Brian Murray tried to get to do a dyke and in fact I know that we couldn't afford a pan. No, it's not. That was the thing to do with what was it for them. The Panthers offer the better package of players. And Dallas. Then what Dallas and why did we get a range of offered better players? Why did we get them? Because the guy that's now running the show, Doug Ricebrug at fire, Al coach was a great player. I was talking last night to a hockey guy who told me that the general team had a trigger because there were a lot of us around here today. Right on the end. I think I walked into building this morning. I have never seen it. There were like 50 people. All the people associated with the AM in this building. We're sitting around getting preparing to play Russian. We've let the only problem is the guns were all fully loaded. So that should paint a verbal picture for you. How things are around here. But anyway, he was selling out coach. He was reluctant to make the trade. And certainly obviously he trades him to Dallas when really there's no question that in these trick conference alone with the Rangers and the Fires and the Panthers and the Devils. He could have made a much better deal. Why would he want to trade him to somebody in his own conference anyway? Because they did. They traded in Calgary and the Dallas stars are in the same conference. They played a nice game last night against the penguins Calgary. 7 to 1. I got blown out. Anyway, you were asked to me about tickets. And why would you assume that I'm bringing tickets? I already told you that because Jeff Moss said, you tell me what they were. And you tell me what they were going to come on and we're having like a contest to see us going to bring you the most tickets. Which to me indicates probably like two or three pair of piece. All right. And I came as I want to see what I could move job of you. I mean, that words are my gift for coming. Yeah, we got to get more. You got to get right over here, Reverend. You're giving to be done cherry on the phone at about 10.15 minutes. The best. The best. Don cherry. And what is that? God awful show. I was watching on KBL on Sunday night. It's an old show. What were he sitting in the bar and he had he was interviewing. Oh, don cherry is great. Yeah, what is that? It was two years old. Well, they're rerunning the best of done. We don't want to. We don't want to let the best of this morning. WDC. There he goes again more shots. See, if you want to suck your way back into this place, which I know you're desperate to do. This ain't the way to do it. Remember, I'll pay that right now. You know what? We're not going to be on. We're going to. Yeah. See, want to just for one time, you say on the air, what you tell me off the air. That would be a first. The first for everything like that pot fan guy. But we'll get into that in a minute. 12 minutes after your mic saw 12 after 10 at WOD. Jeff, remember the voice of the Florida Panthers. And by the way, I should mention the first place in a conference in the league Panthers. Still because, thank you New Jersey. They finally scored more than two goals last night. Every time is for the two goals, they win a game overtime. They beat the flyers. All right. Oh, you like that. So thank you so much. We're still in first place in the league. 12 after 10 at WOD. And the WOD, I deal out of motive and truck accessories. Has the biggest inventory of bedliners for your truck. If you're packing up, they're going to get out of town. Here's the way to do it. I deal price and selection on bedliners. The best in South Florida. In fact, they'll beat anybody's price on bedliners. Always over 2,000 in stock, including New Bodyguard. cargo grip surface bedliner. It's gripping. This bedliner is up to four times less likely to let cargo slip and you regular smooth surface bedliner. It increases the resale value of your truck and its resistant. The products like gasoline, chemicals and acid. And you'll find that ideal automotive and truck accessories. Ideals got that big one, baby. A 30,000 square foot shawl that is jam packed with everything you need. At wholesale prices, bug shields for cars and trucks. Toolbox and accessories for your truck like running for. It's visors like covers. They've got it all at 7.01 northwest 57 place in Fort Lodderdale. So zip on over there are column toll free. 1.86 to 164. 1.86 to 164. Nobody beats their prices. Nobody beats their selection. Ideal automotive and truck accessories. They be the best. Go tell me what's your secret this evening, my dear. I'm here for that. I got one wager for $1,5. Let's fly a plan out of this. That's the term. Safety and cementite. A news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Oh, Neil. My queen. Go. The damn bag. I can't stand it. 1016 WIV. See what we just said about the news. We got a real epidemic. I want to talk to Cherry about this. We have a real epidemic in hockey. And I'm one of those people who's a real nut about listening and watching the hockey games. And have great respect for great broadcasters. I don't want to get into a big thing about that. But whether you're good, better and different. The jockocracy that Howard Plesselle talked about. He's ex-jocks who think that their God's answer to whatever the question is. No matter what it is, and everybody wants to hear them. We don't want to hear them. And I know it being the name drop or that you are. You're always love talking about John Davis and JD. I want to salute red fissure that old fart up in Montreal. Ripped to the dance and hockey night and candid over the weekend. I just awkwardly. So John Davidson is a big, he's a big pile of turd. Okay. And I'm going to tell you the same thing. I took, see, when I come on here, I tell the same thing that I tell you on the phone. I don't waffle. I don't cover my bets. Okay. I don't like a whip out in Kiss As. John Davidson never shuts up. That's where it pizam grows and out of suem for like, he should. He should. He ought to suem. He's killing this man. JD is knowing around the National High Court. He goes with Premier Annoyce in the game. He couldn't look here in heels. Well, hey, that's your interpretation. It's also beautiful. It's also beautiful. I think John Davidson from an information point of view is for an analytical point of view. I think he's terrific. I think he's great. Yeah, you're of course you do because he's a personal friend of yours. Even if he wasn't a personal friend of mine, he'll pick you up. He's a little bit of brawl. He is very strong. So I, other words, in what you're saying, so in other words, you will like as a play by play broadcast of yourself who's like, whining to be on the phone. I'm not people talking over you. You will like having the color guy, the ex-jot. Talk and why you're trying to describe the game is that what you're just saying to me. I think there's a time in a place for it. Yeah. I think there's a time when there's a lot of neutral zone play. There's nothing wrong with coming in with a time. And that's the key. But when you're incessantly talking and getting involved in a conversation that has nothing to do with a play, there's a time to understand a fairy told me the last week you got all over me, which fairy was that. I don't know. But you know, a lot of them were like, that's what I hear. The tooth fairy. Yeah. How's that? Tell me you got all over me because we were discussing what was going on on the other side of the race. That's a Boston rules game. Got a two on one. Break, we got a great chance to put the game away. Wasn't a two on one. Break when we started to stress it. But normally you were going to get nine times out of ten you're going to be able to complete. You're going to be able to complete what you want to get in. But there is. There's a lot of play by play guys. It don't like any any analytical commentary at all during the play by play. When the whistle stops fine. I don't mind it. I don't mind it at all. And John Davidson and Sam Rosen. I think are terrific. I kind of like. If you like hearing guys have a conversation that has nothing to do with watching again. If you enjoy somebody making the game exciting. You also understand it's it's a television school. Yeah. It's not radio. Now radio. It's not a play. You don't have to do as much verbal. I agree. You see things. You can like to do a little more diversion. But nevertheless, there are people watching. There are people who are veteran fans and understand everything that's going on. There are people tuning in for the first time. You're trying to make the sport exciting. You don't make it exciting to them. You're talking about Kaka. So you're saying there's an epidemic going around the National Hot Chili right now. You're saying that major epidemic. I told you about Saturday night. I'm watching the Hot Chili night in Canada. They're the Lisa Pottingley Kings by the way. Lisa winning every day. I should mention it. And here we kneel who usually and I just told that. I think he's the best on color. He's talking over Chris Kuffford. Now listen Chris Kuffford. He could have been doing that morning. Show here this morning. He wouldn't on the difference. Chris Kuffford is weak. Okay. So it's bad enough that we get Bob Koldo in a Montreal game. And we got to put up with Chris Kuffford doing a least. That's bad enough. Here we kneel is talking while Leigh score goal. The man doesn't need to get a chance to score the goal. Later on into game in the third period. At this point it's 4-3 Toronto. It's only here in the O was the best. You know you're saying he's talking while there was a goal. Because he's catching the epidemic. It's like it. No matter how good yet. It's not like Ebola. No matter what a good person you are. It's in the area. Catch it. And then later on in the third period. It's only 4-3 Toronto. It's a tense game. It's a tight game. I like making a bit come back. And here is Ron McClain. Another great guy. But he's the studio guy. And the game is going on. He's interviewing Rob Blake of the Kings. Who's injured and not playing. And they're talking while the game is going on. Here's Paul D. Pietro scores the affifth. Which sure not to be the decisive goal in the game. There's no call. There is no call. There's no anything. And Ron McClain says here I am talking again when Chris you should be talking. And he still doesn't stop. He still goes on and finishes the interview. How can you be interviewing a guy while the game is going on? I guess the epidemic has continued to write through not only hockey, but now the NFL. They have the play by play an naturalist game where they have Bradshaw. But this shows me that the paint, the powers that the don't think. They don't understand the importance of the great play by play broadcasters. Who can paint the picture either on radio or television. They don't appreciate it. They think that everybody wants to hear what the jox has to say. Like Paul McBlier, who's nothing but a big pilot craft, a big buffoon who laughs at his own material. Or Chris Collinsworth with that gravity voice. That's what things that you know, maybe he's auditioning to be doing that night time. Sports show they got on air. QA, but that guy with the gravity voice. I don't get it. I don't understand it. I think there's got to be a happy medium. I understand what you're saying. There are a lot of hockey fans that I thought you did agree with you. But when there is neutral zone play and there doesn't seem to be a great flooring going on, I see nothing wrong. The great flooring. We're going to hear cut by the way. They had him on last night. The Pittsburgh Calgary. He's on the cover. I don't need to see needs to hear cut. Now there's a great little pair that somebody should get. Calgary will never let him go. But there's a great little player. They can't. And they wouldn't let Nune and I go if he would have agreed to go back. But they bearish. I understand he enjoyed hanging out with the guys at Cornell as the rumor that I get. Well, he did enjoy hanging out with the guys. Yeah, a little bit too much from what I understand. Wow, no, that's not true. How do you know that? It's just a joke, but what are your defensive? See, you start starting to succumb all those pressures, all those stories again. So when he will talk about Chris Morph or moment when we come back. What are you doing? It's just a joke. It is a joke. I'm trying to loosen you up a little bit because you like such a loose and me up. You're the guy that's all fired up today. Not me. I'm fine. I was looking forward to coming in. I'm going to write to divert my mental process from the internal things that are happening here. Don't you just wait as a ghost again to go see your not on television today. I'm going to tell you how to remember Alice. You're in a blue shirt and you're white in your memory. The movie of Christmas Carol with Alice. I'm ready to put on that silly hat and the gown and start dancing around. Just to try to avoid the reality here, which is a pretty ugly thing. Okay, you got to go. We'll get cherry on the phone. And I'm going to give him really holy hell. I give him holy hell, but he's got no power anymore. He just talks to good game. It isn't good anything done. I've got to ask him about his tie rate against the Canadians or the fans of my career. Don't worry about that, about the frogs. Yeah. Okay. They get rid of my keen, the X-Cat and Kethens are flying out there. If you don't speak French up there, if there's anybody down here that thinks by Lingulism words, just look at that election they had up there. Just look at the whole Montreal-Coinette-Canated organization. They had to bring in Pierre Touzron and all those frogs to satisfy them. And anybody who dared to make a comment about it like my keen was the last captain. You're out. Okay. Kirk Muller is out. My keen is out. You got to have a frog. Pork. Captain's including guigarbonal. There's a Frenchman that got traded. It's a dog. It's a frog fest. What it is. Anyway, 1023, a WIOD. And so it's a story on the tickets because these people hang up. They think you got free tickets for tomorrow night's getting off the way. I guess I got to make you feel. So I'd like to. 10 pairs. Oh, 10 pair. Okay. You can be sure that Gupe Paul never match that. No chance. 1020 pairs for tomorrow night. I also want to mention. If you can't Jeff Moss, you'd be lucky to have one pair. But that's another story. This is a feather in your cap. Do you realize, remember when we watched them were out, we gave away the icebreaker? Yeah, which was a six ticket voucher too, and you didn't even understand. And the John Van Van the book autographed right. Well, John is not very happy with you right now. Because he's had to sign quite a few pucks. Yeah. They had a soul. They have a soul. A ton. Great. Of the icebreakers. By the way, they will stop selling them as of Christmas. So still time. They still got like five days. That's a great holiday. One day, 100. A ton of people. They call up 1-800-GOPANTS. And by that icebreaker package, we'll tell you more, but that's like for six games. And it's with the puck and all the other six tickets. It's not six games. Are you going to start again admitting that you don't understand what it's for? It's not for six games. It's six tickets for one game, or you can use, but unless you're going by yourself, you can use it for six games. Or three games or three games. But it takes six tickets. Six tickets. A few said six games. It can be. We have a lot of people. They go by their people and they saw the exit go by themselves. Okay. Got the crap. Okay, 10-24, W-I-O-D. Are we still as this station still on the air? We're not. George says we're not on the air. So don't take it too serious. If you're short on holiday cash, need to buy Christmas presents. Where are you going to get to money? Right? Here's the answer for you. I'm glad you act. Fast out of loans. There are your one solution whenever you need cash. If you've got three in fair-tabletier car, fast out of loans could put 2500 bucks in your pocket today. Don't be fooled by the imitators. Why not pay in way too much interest. Fast out of loans isn't a pawn shop. You don't pay in some gigantic balloon payment. And you sure as hell don't sign over the title of your car. Fast out of loans just has a lean on your title. You drive the car. You get the cash. That's the way it works. No embarrassing credit checks. No longer approval process to sit around waiting on. So call now for instant approval. And the cash will be in your hands within 24 hours. With special holiday rates. Will you need the money for a month or a year for a lifetime? Fast out of loans is fully licensed by the floating problem. And they participate in BBB care that's a program administered by the better business Bureau of South Florida. Three convenient locations soon to be for. They're in drower. They're in dayd they're in Palm Beach. Call them today. Get some money in your hand. 1-800-910-F-A-S-T. This is Rick Riley. I'm going skiing in Steamboat Springs, Colorado February 17th through the 24th. I'd love to have you come with me. So let's go pick up the phone. Make the call of Peter Glenn Travel and come on out to Steamboat with us. Check this out. You're going to be getting round trip air to Denver. Bus transfer to Steamboat accommodations at the ranch. It's an absolutely gorgeous place with an outdoor heated hot tub. Cool, sauna. Plus a five day lift to get to Steamboat's champagne powder. And an on-mountain barbecue. And an ass star race with trophies and awards. All of his starting is just $999. But hurry up. Seats are going fast. Time is running out. Call Peter Glenn Travel today at 1-800-FUN-2-Skeed. That's 1-800-FUN-2-Skeed. And make sure you don't get left behind. Get your reservations now. Call 1-800-FUN-2-Skeed. That's 1-800-FUN-2-S-K-I. 6-10-W-I-O-D. Set your danger in five minutes. This is your ball in the voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. Most in hot-eating Canada on CDC. Rookie by most in export. And says it all. 5-4 to Canada. Where quality is John Wondens. It's working. I am here in Ireland, Esports, OCS. How do we want to go leading sponsors of UK and Canada? And why? Pepsi. Gotta have it. Okay, we like to balance things out a bit. We got one guy here that's a buck-kissier and don't tell it like it is. We got another guy. We figured we'd better balance it out and get grapes on here. Time-share is here who doesn't kiss, but does tell it like it is. Most of the time. I knew he was that team. All the Canadians down there. That's got killed right now. That's one of the greatest teams of all kinds. It really is. I can remember Bill Hewitt. I want to put that bug in here again. Remember him coming in here. Sure do. But of course you don't have mental Hall of Fame yet. You know I give it an easy assignment. You're not? That's because you made too many enemies. That's your problem. Hey, grapes. Get this guy off my back. Get this guy off my back. Okay, now listen. I know the market is right here. Rage the 90 only to an American North America that tell a like it is now. Just now you're being nice to him. You're not a good one. You're not a good one. You're not a good one. You're being nice to him. And sucking up to him. You're ready to carve him. Wait till I get cherry on here. I've got to straighten him up. I'm going to carve. Now you're saying he's the only guy that tells it like it is. I'm saying this is my coffee. Good. Good. So anyway, I was just talking about his good friend, JD, John David. To the Ups drop in names, Ramino. It's good buddy, JD. I know that JD you think every now and then is full of crap. And of course he keeps talking through the game and forestand. Rosen got to put up with that stuff. And now I told Rammer it's catching because Saturday that I'm watching the least game. And you guys are out there with Los Angeles. Harry is talking over pork crisp. You know it's bad enough. We got to put up with crisp comfort. We want Bob Cold to do an elix. We don't want to do no frog games. We want him on the least. So we got to put up with crisp comfort. Harry is talking over while the least score the first two goals. Then Ramaclain is talking to Bob Bob. Rob Corob Blake there. When DP at Chris scores the goal. And I went down this goal and on here get these old jocks off the air already. Got the bad and the old doesn't matter. It's all along at Forty's quarter. Great. Well we figured we talked about the frogs today. That's one of the coaches corner a week. Not this past Saturday. He was telling Don to see the other day when I called him. And by the time on your show meal, the show before this last Saturdays was one of the best. One of the all time classics. And I got you a little fight for that one. I'll hang on to your seat tight grades. The suction start. We're going to throw up there. Get some better. Okay. Well that one was better. That one was a lot better. And I'll tell you what you went after the fans of Montreal. You went after Ray John. And you went after Mario Trombler. But I was a little disappointed. You still haven't used the word frog yet. You're coming close with that frog. So I'm not. So I'm not. But you still are using the frog yet. Well when I was the guy to start it. I don't understand. I've never heard of Raw Wax. I'll play that. Raw Wax. Yeah. There goes. I mean, this is one of the greatest stories in the last 10 years. And what are you guys going to get out of already? When you go and learn, we got the best coach going. That's going to be on the OSTR team as you can believe that. I was there as the least of it here is ever made it want. And if they had a first place to offer, if you could be in the OSTR. That's right. The Merc Prophet. I wanted to come up with his own video now. Challenge you. Oh, never go. You've got nobody cut you thought. And we're not over 200,000 of this here. Unbelievable. Rockham Sockham Shabban. Yeah. You haven't sent Neil and I are cockies yet. You haven't sent Neil and I are cockies yet. You haven't sent Neil and I are cockies yet. You haven't sent Neil and I are cockies yet. You don't want it. It's just a tough easy to up here. That's got no, the 36 points. You guys though that Cody Hall, what's 17 leads to Lake in the cutie for 30? There you go. Cody Hall has got. I've been saying that all along. Guys, guys don't know what they know what it's all about. I tell you, they've got character guy through the end of that. Gritty Mercky Hall. Yeah, you guys ought to get a little bit more on those panties. And at hockey night in Canada, teach some of those guys up there a little bit. What about a great hockey team, so all about them. The fact that you don't have to pay guys million dollars to play well either. Great. You know, this guy's being so nice to you today. Now, one thing you don't want me when I tell you something on or off the air. It's going to be the same. Oh, my God. Hey, guys. Hey, guys. Hang on. Last week you saved me. Remember? He's just a little bit more. I'm going to let me finish here. Every time he finished his cross. He's brought to me. Oh, there we go. He's saying that is exactly here. Hang on. Hang on. Let me just, I'm going to dig a hole. Look at you. Hey, get out of here. What was that of this one here? He says, wait, do we get grapes on? Because now I think clip lectures listing too much to grapes. We've got bar artner. So many times. Go me and dummy and all these other guys. That's before my message scored to two goals. And I won game. I was saying the love of the guy like the mentor and how about the call BPS role. Hey, that's a great, that's a great story. Deep P.H. It'll come back from like a blivit and score right off the bat and the kids doing good. But anyhow, let's get back to you guys. Well, let's talk about the least for just a second. You know, you can look it back to them. We'll get back to them in a minute. But how about giving our least a little bit of credit. There's seven games over 500. They don't have that great of a personnel. But pants got them playing pretty good. Well, there's tough to put that long as fuck that they've been rolled. I don't understand like somebody does block it. He's doing good. That's got gold tender. He gets in every third game. I don't know if it's better like somebody does make a thing. Your bro's good using the bronze could use them. That's for more. They might as well just have an empty net. The bro and they got no gold tender. I felt sorry for playing lock. Yeah. They're they. He exploded after the game. They didn't speak. It was almost lost to games. You know, he's second year in the league. You don't think given a positive reporter. That you they'll remember and they'll get them. That was after the Florida game. Yeah. And he said we came back almost got even in that game. He's also the same goal. You know, Tom Don or Jerry Cheevers last year. Grates after he was struggling for a while. Cheevers the Hall of Famer your former goalie. Cheevers went to help the kid out and said, hey, listen, the game's changed. Thanks. I know you're Hall of Famer. But no thing. That's exactly what he told them. That's what he told them last year. He said, you don't have to help me. I know how long you to play for you. I can't imagine if that's what he would thought of that day. So he was pretty pissed off. Well, I would imagine. I never heard that before. Well, hey, here are a lot of things. So let's get back to this frog fest up there. Montreal, you know, we all watched with just amazed and shot the dead election up there and Quebec that crap that went on there. And and now you see the same thing. A microcosm of it on a Canadians where unless you, you know, my king comes out to catch it on a team and he made one little comment about, you know, people that speak French and about if you don't do this and all of a sudden, his ass is gone and it's true. They got to have toured on and all those frogs up there. And it's a sad thing that they got to build a hockey franchise, based on something ethnic instead of talent. Well, I'm truly great. And what about the guy in Denver? He said that he actually said that the hockey dude said that he has a choice between an English guy and a French guy. He's the French guy, so he's the one that you got a PR guy out there that's French. He can't speak English. I think they're still in Quebec, is that it? That's it. And, you know, it's totally, you know, I'm always, but the, the odd fellow guy, he's, he's the guy that stood up in the grassroom and said, look, okay, that's great there. Let's start up and let's start playing hockey. And he's, he's the leader of this club that unfortunately, the first day of the year, so he was brought to campus. Here, actually, right. Nobody says that up here, and he's, absolutely, great. We got, believe it or not, we've got a street-priced guy with this saga. We've got French-type doll over the place, 40, 40, wet mud. I hope they'll be in part for the street-priced guys with this stock. It's unbelievable. First of all, the, the, the new, the two parties that we got running out here both, both are days, they're all, they'll figure it out. And by the way, speaking of Pat Royce, since the ambulance got him, which I predicted is because I think he's washed up. They're not winning their games anymore. Well, through the box a little, that's all you need. You got to roll in the lobby. You could do the same thing at four to two, like some, uh, great food under some, like, that, throw that little chemical out. They're not going to trade, children. Oh, I know, they're not. I just said that, like, a character guy. And if they did something like that, throw the chemistry off and you're done. But speaking of trade, how about this new and dark deal? You can't tell me sitting here that, uh, there are a number of teams, including the leaves, meal Rogers Maple Leafs, and the Florida Panthers, and the Devils, we don't have the Rangers that couldn't come up with a better deal than what Dallas has done in getting Joe New and D. Well, I'd say a new day, because one of those, uh, guys that better, you can turn the whole franchise around, but what happens in the Calgary they're sitting there, they gotta make the playoffs, those problems, there's nobody's coming up for the better deal. I mean, when you've got to come to your head, like that, the same thing is no very in, uh, in the, in the, do we, your calendars, you've got to come to his head, and, uh, they're like, sure, the GMs. They just sit and wait for your week of home, and so I just think they're, they better get pumped up for him before the, the deadline. Well, they made the trade last night. I know if you heard it, but they picked up the kid from Camlipsu as a number one pick up a Dallas, uh, last year, obviously a future. He's not going to help them make the playoffs. And Corey Millen, who Dallas did even bring up from the minors until the last week or two. I mean, that trade, it's fixed. It's a guy that's, it's a big deal, you know, that's, uh, and you gotta do something, it's the old deal that's a better to have somebody there than nobody there, and if they don't get going to do, they won't make the playoffs, but you know, and hockey, if you don't make the playoffs, you're in deep, deep, deep trouble fight-off. While out coach, I think shielders don't pay those to the future general manager in Calgary without you. They're not going to make the playoffs. They're going to know where that game they played against Pittsburgh last night. They met as well as state home. They didn't even show up. Pretty rough, uh, pretty rough, uh, you know, when you have guys like that, uh, and, uh, you just, you said, just lost to many guys. He did not want to let auto go. If we let out of the kid, it's going, you can see they were going down the fight, you just started that, that's about burden goes. You didn't want to pay the big buddy in. Then we don't want to pay the big buddy's point to anymore. You're going to end up like that. Then I'll tell you they're playing no defense. His Trevor Kiddle last night he looked like he was in a game playing to game by himself, man. It was an ugly thing to watch, especially when your playing was penguins. Well, nobody's going to play. No, no, no, no, no. You're there in the mood to play. Yeah, and they want to play at Baratza, the record starts coming through. They're going to be at the finals, but it's sometimes they just go up. They're not ready to play, but boy, you're going to play. Boy, the boy can they put on the clinic if they want to go. You bet. Okay, hang out a second. Graves have been doing a little break. We'll come right back. Don, cheeries here in the Jephramers here to hold his hand. It's 21 to 11 at WIOD. You're going to love it now more than ever. It's the new Pomp and O Park Racing for the thrill of excitement of life. Harness racing action in nightly full car at Samo Casting from your favorite track. Come visit Pomp and O Park Racing. Now we see you be Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday. Like tonight with first post time 730. This Friday nights, co-features will be the Philly and Mirrolton pace. And you open track for a full night's worth of edible entertainment. Start off at the top of the park. Restaurant gives you self-aggregant meal and you have beautiful panoramic view of the skyline and plunger brains out. Come check out South Florida's nighttime hotspot for food for fun. Excite and take 995 or the turn 5 to the Atlantic Boulevard. Exit that South to Power Line Road. For good times, good food and great racing. It's the new Pomp and O Park Racing. And the best news is, Jackie Lee won't be there. We're getting finished with sprays by the most guest your callers on WI-N-C. You're not necessarily those of the situation or its sponsors. Although we wanted these programs to have you ride 1995 by WI-N, the Incal Granted. In turn, recordings and transcripts may be created on a stringent event prior to the Incal Granted. This is right, Bill. You seem to ride it when the hockey news, they don't come any better than the old Rogers. What the heck? We need to get out of the play of that. We're going to let it go, Steve. Okay, so we got a little bill here on there to try to put the Atlantic City in Shari's mind again to get him in the Hall of Fame and quit postponing me. You know? Well, I do the best they can. I'd not be positive with the Hall of Fame or the River Goals, but I'll do my best. If I put the word in for me won't make it to surf. Yeah, I saw it like you got Neil Rogers syndrome. Yeah. So Neil is happy to be here. Remember said to me, you said, you know, every time you're out with Shari, you never play one of my calls and one of those great calls of Panthers, Squawley's goals. Here we go. I'll play in a Jeff Rimmer call of one of those great goals. Today's today I'm going to do it. So, so, Cherich can hear some of your great work. There's branches and four. The final goal. I think it's a beautiful view and it pairs the ground. So you have to come up with a call of sun. The bunch of branches now, that's the Sanford view. You turn around and see if you guys still can descend on you. They're all kind of back to one more time. Neil again, it's almost as close to France as you can. He's here. He wants it. He's got a team here. So, he's here. And, he calls for a young call of Stringer at the East Smump of Lago Pan. So, you're going to be on your left hand one of the money. You'll burn you and get a tiny hockey game. Yeah, I'm very young. He's starting to sun more like Mike Lang all the time. And he grapes. Yeah, you know, I, but I hear stuff like, you know, I want to absolutely wheat. You know what I mean? I hear this guy eat a lick of this. You will. Where'd it go, babe? I love you, grape. I know this was set up ahead of time. It wasn't set up. How much was the check for? How much did he send you to say this? I can't. I, look, hockey, I go all the stuff we come in with. Pan and on our head. We're pretty good. We're going to be the old couple. Boom. We're going to have a little bit just running around. That's the score. That's Chris Moore does that. Right? Chris Moore does that. You already says that. All right. I just, you know, Jake's ball and for the day, since those 1800, we make four road changes. We have guys coming in. How about this one, Rimmer? Feel the holes at the top. Uh, I let the one, uh, Yes, water won't move the 70 sideways. Keep the fuck in, I guess. We've heard, huh? Or, me that seems he turned it to back. How about, well, how about this one? The harder round. Oh, the harder road. Yeah. Sounds like something sexual to me. Yeah. Yeah. Shoot it in on the harder round. I don't want to tell you rumors to one. That's it. That one by the way. I don't like the one where they say the top goal. I don't like the one. Well, that's another sex thing. See? That's, that's pot-fant again. Denise. Hey, Chris. Great. Great. Let's get serious here for a minute. You're coaching in the subject. You're coaching in the National Hockey League today. Yeah. And this takes over for a debate that Neil and I had last time. I was in here. You're coaching in the NHL today. You have your choice as your number one center. Lindrasch or Lumu. Who do you take? I'll pick Lindrasch. All right. All right. I've been here for years. I've been here before in my life. But this is the biggest setup I've ever been putting a bit of it in my life. No way. You've got to shut up. The last time I got set up like this with those Cambridge Diet Thakers. They've came in a set up all the calls of it at the time. That's like 15 years ago for crying a lot. This thing is all planned. It's all scripted. I can't believe even Sherry's got a price. You see that. Oh, okay. First of all, the eighth pickup all the back. Yeah. And Lindrasch is a complete pack. He's good. There has been a lot. Right. Come along. Like it. Big drop hit. Fight. Block shot. Or let's put the question a little bit different. Right now. Forget about who you'd rather have for long run. Right now. Who's playing the best in league. Well, I'd have to say Mario when he plays right now. There's no doubt about it. The Lindrasch has been heard a couple of times. You know, it's hit hurt and block and shot and that's one thing. Mario will ever be. I'm going to tell you, Mario scored a goal last night. I don't know if you're zero. I'm a huge out of the highlights. It's about the third time I've seen him. He's behind the red line. It's an impossible angle. And somehow he slides it across that red line. And just it just curves in that I'm a high anybody. He's walking along. No, that was he somebody. And he's done it three times. He wants against the Panthers. Right. Bobby Orts said that he has ever seen a guy. He's the best he's ever seen. He's still alive. Maybe not the best player. But still alive. He's the best he's ever seen. Like that was when Bobby didn't look in the mirror. That's all it. Yeah. But he's got to feel he made a move on board two years ago. For a rabbit, boy, I'll start. No, it's come up with the knock. I didn't even put him. He was sort of so afraid of the guy. From the out one where he'd give it to him. Come back and walk around. And he does things that it's probably involved. He was a flotter. The first four or three years. He would definitely was a flotter. But he went to keep Canada. And he saw a drift. He'd he saw a clock. If you guys like that, it's showed up every night. That's when he turned into a hockey player. Well, you know, there's some guys you talk about Bobby or there. Some guys in this time. I want to say who they'd like to pretend that Denise Potven was a better defenseman than Bobby Orts. Well, it's to be. Looks like not not to pot that he was. He was tough to. And he could put the. Fuck it. And he could make plays. He could block. He could do well. But you put him in the same class with Bobby. I put him right at Rayty. Hi Bobby. But he's fine. I'm not talking to you. But I thought I thought I don't think Bobby. I don't think Bobby. I haven't right behind him. Well, listen, if you could have. You could have. You could have. And you talked to Danny. And he could say I'm right up. Well, it's pretty good. Third to the bar. That there's players. Star. Super stars. And then there was probably. There you go. The first. Third to the bar. I read yesterday that he was interviewed for the auto-wide general manager job. It's pretty. I couldn't fit the minute. I thought we got again. But Roy was got you doing some. Well, I want to have me to what. To put up the. Well, we're going to have to. I got Neil go on. What was that again, but third. But I was going to say, sir, survived. The story was. I read yesterday in the Boston Globe that he was. At least. Interview and being considered for the GM job in Ottawa. The boy they hired beer. Go. I don't have to say it's after the thing he was after he got fired and he was a weight-soap man and his guy is River of Pia is a millionaire. He doesn't need that occupation. I'll say that right now. But that'll be good because again you have to have a rich guy in Ottawa because Poles, Redder Foss, Rivers and they're trying to get to the French people. That's why they give Dago a $1.5 million. I know he's overrated in the game most overpaid player. Oh, whatever. In the history of the court. Yep. And in the meantime they're not drawn flies in there and when they're going to build a big bigger arena and they're still not going to draw flies. Let's say I got a product. What are we going to get to talk about the court? I'd like to... OK, let's do it. And I want to hear more about Florida, the hockey net and Canada so all these people all over the world with their satellite. This is can hear what a great team and a great coach we got. I fully had, you know, he would under just a play with under a very focused nut job because everybody said I'm going to say it. So he reached the gutted was that Brian Murray is the friend and that's why he got it. Yeah, I got something to that thing. That's what I believe. Yet as somebody said, well, Brian got it because then he could fire a little in the he could back coach again. I guess he stole the ball. stole the dog. He I'm telling you this guy. He is one of my favorite players. The guy comes down that left side joy in his side. And when he hits, you find you know you might have Lindrock in a way. He hits our heart. He just does this, you know, hits the hits. He hits the press everybody. And one of great kids loves to play the game. Great. Always with a smile on his face. And I had to laugh one time. What he was in the final few years ago. They brought all the first brothers. And I remember that by September, you remember that by September, I coach his quarter. And fortunately, I was afraid it said he had busted that a real thrill to meet Mark Vestier. You know, after the cup, he's gone all the real thrill was going out. I coached horror with great. That's right. That way. I know there was another reason. I know you're not to dig on those Europeans, but this kid Redax Borac. This kid's going to be a star. Well, Chuck McFade said he could tough the guy. I can't compare to the pieces. So we woke with it. I thought that the staff come around and then he's going to get Terry Parker plus 14. Oh, anybody. He got a lovely blend here. You're anybody wants to fool around. You got a lot. He can create the boat. And everybody talks about the beef truck and the other day. What do you tell them? One. But I know we're here. Anybody talking about this Patrick. Yeah. Yeah. Why did he play phenomenal. That's right. They're both see they old. The only name they know down here unfortunately is bad. These are like the son of it. But fits his play great too. Of course, all this stuff about the Europeans, it must make you a blood boil when you watch those red wings out there. Again, great regular season. We don't know if they'll choke in the playoffs. But they put that all Russian line was five rushing guys out there. You must be going nuts. Robert Boyg got Paul. Talk to you. If you thought the boys can't make part play. They're going out with it. And all I got to say when I was going to talk about the police police on the K. They threw the motor against those European pair. They had a good battle fraud. You got to have your guys. I know the Europeans got to have pop in the gold. But the playoff. People look at the guys that come through in the playoffs all the time. Now one guy is on Detroit. You can't get on the ice sister rally. I never get to go. I never get to go. Without Rimmer getting sister rallys name in there. They've been fighting. You got to. You don't need them. You got to go. You know, it's got to be fought before they got to. I get here in the guy that's your best playoff guy. They don't play like he did in the playoff like you're they might have won a fairly. Thank you very much. Okay. We're going to let you go. But let me just make your prediction right out. Put China spot. Who do you like in the finals? I like Detroit. Pittsburgh in the finals. And you won't believe this drummer. I would almost want to said. I'm almost proud to play. At the very opening. He had a you know how he had the talk. He's got about a minute to go. He's got to fill right out for that before the season started. The first team. He says who's going to win the Stanley Cup that who's going to be in the final. So I guys, what you didn't get to have these is. You got to tell me right now I should Detroit win the first. And that was before. Did you know. In your spirit. I am amazing. You think this is. You think this is the year they're finally going to forget how to choke. Is that what you're saying? This is the year they're going to tell you choke. But I'll tell you about it. By favorite people watch, I got to stay right now. This should cause a lot. Tell you something like you're not doing very good going. When they. It's up to move on the eighth. Yeah. They come to play. At pro. It's playing the best. The other play this way. But I'm going to tell you. Eddie the Eagle man. Pretty shaky the day. He's not playing well in the. Well, they got to get to hockey there. Eddie the Eagle. He had 29 shots to gain and lost some both. The beat. But get that some time to the in a period. Right. So we. This is the self right. That's just the long he played. What he wants to play. You got to get hockey there. He's what is. Three. They grapes. What's your prediction for the Panthers in the play? I. It's all the best. Again, he go back to the. You know, the beat. You have a. You're in. You got to team that you get up to a three. You have to a three serious injuries that is. But you know what it's a little different though here. And this is something you can talk about on hockey night in Canada. A little different with the Panthers because they don't have a superstar and Doug McClan can war for lines. And when it gets to the play, I think tighten up defensively. The Panthers can play that well. They've got a decent back line. And they've got as you know like it. That's happening.ariat and such. I hope, know you look at your position here a couple of times they got great gold鬆ing. So they're going to be in the play off now. They play 500. From here on in, they're in a play off. And ah, and the aording. That thing, as you low know, , coach the Bruins anything can happen to the playoffs.利 Thing I showed up the wall on the you see them there before are time. But it's tough time for that Okay, thanks so many have a great holiday grapes and we'll talk to you soon. Okay, say how to roll 1056 a WIOD did you know you can buy a dolphin football home at for just 999. It's true It even has the dolphins official logo on it. What's more it's the most delicious football home It you've ever come into contact with that's because this football home at is the newest ice cream cake from Carvelle It's a black-a-home. It's decorated with the dolphins logo and had made of rich delicious ice cream Your participating Carvelle ice cream bakery your favorite supermarkets got a fully 999 and with proof of purchase You can sit in for a free spiral football so look for the Carvelle football home a KC to participate in Carvelle ice cream bakery or your favorite supermarkets They're only 999 so pick up a bunch for the holidays no forget to sit in for that free spiral football too The Carvelle football helmet it's at your Carvelle ice cream bakery right now because Carvelle believes Everything should be made of ice cream even dolphin football helmets We're just he messages telling 610 WIOD does the radio station with us news traffic and weather Let us channel those and that's why they called us No man came whether they appear whether bro is on news talking and a number of radio 610 WIOD Okay, we're almost up on news now, which I never ever do that, but in the case when you got grapes on a phone You don't muck a right monkey run a cut of short and it's real fascinating to see like I said when you're had you admit it You see okay, I've been had I know this was a setup deal during the break now Remurdment and he said a nice check up there and I saw all of they check the tape Enough, you're riddle five flying a big ass Give us some answer about Eric Lindras and you know everybody's got their friends You