Kip Bush. Hi, Samo. Kim Mandage. Kim, O. Let's shut up. I've got the damage. You just talk an entertainment radio 610. WIOD presents The Neal Rogers Show To Talk With Neal Call 751 WIOD in Dade. 524 WIOD in Broward Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free. 1-800-944-WIOD and say the one customer is called Pound IOD at No Charge. Now, the Neal Rogers Show on News Talk and Entertainment Radio, 610-WIOD. You let 5-0 my hand go break. You let me go break. You do like Bush and I. Yeah, I do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush and I. You do like Bush. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I don't hear my guns by ground. I don't hear my eles corps. I'm gonna be a little bitilding. I'm gonna be as good as normal as him. I'm gonna be a little bit shy. I don't hear my deu molting. I'm gonna be damn wildcious. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be like a lil kid. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. I'm gonna be a little bit tired. 10 past 10 at WIOD. Happy what the hell day is? It's Wednesday, too. When you have that extra day holiday, you just lost. Happy Thursday. Let's get out of here for the weekend. So I did see that thing on channel 4 news last night and it proved to be on a shadow over-doubt. What a silly goose that the segretto is. Did you see the part where he looked Ron Bennington right in the face? And he asked him that stupid question. Have you guys ever seen me chose Dina Sue? I mean, I thought to me that was the probably the lowest piece of trash I've ever seen in the history of urinalism. And how about that nude gingrich and his mother on CBS this morning? Oh, yes. She's a bitch. Oh, sorry. Did anybody see that? That was a beautiful thing. I thought he was going to get up and smack Paul Azana a couple of times. Beater up around the shoulders and the armpits and just to haul ass. It was a beautiful thing. By the way, speaking of freebies, I do have something about once a month. We have a periodic thing. If I can use that expression, Shindler's list. Look at this double offset, double video cassette, Shindler's list. So if we have any like old Jew that wants this, it'd be more than happy to give it to you. Still is plastic container. Shindler's list as in boy. So anyway, the big news which we had it on here here first like weeks ago. How many weeks ago do we have that on here? About Casternova going over to Zeta? About two weeks ago? Yeah, at least something like that. Maybe a 10 days ago that Casternova was going over there that Ron and Ron would be dead meat. And Rick Riley, of course, has all been out of shape because he feels that we've been treated unfairly or that he's been treated unfairly. And he ought to get used to it because that's the way this town is. The local media in this town sucks. There are a bunch of morons. You have a bunch of stringers who write for the newspapers. And if you think that they're going to ever give you a fair shake, all they know is how or this and how or that and Larry King this and Lard asks Limbaugh that and Michael Jackson this and Madonna that. And that's this about 10 and Rosanne. We can't leave her out. The hype people Arnold and Slice Deloam with this $20 million movie that has been written yet. That's what the life is all about man. That's what it's all about is hype. We're not the hype. Like I told Rick, we're not the masters of hype or the masters of being comatocinist place. Oh, we got a great station. But let's not tell anybody about it. Don't say it too loud. Somebody might find out. Listen and enjoy it. Okay. But anyway, I told you about to run and run thinking about Casper Nova. Are they up to the teas yet on Zeta? They're doing their A through Z. Like I told you yesterday. And then they're going to go to their progressive. They're all alternative. Whatever it's going to be. They're going to be right up there again. She either going to be doing AOR. And now we're going to have two AOR stations to split the 2.8 share that she's been doing. So they can vote through about a one something which will be right in line with buddy Bud Paxon's territory. Here was the only claim to fame. Here's a guy that's got a $12 million house owns 75,000 radio stations in a bunch of other crap and did it all through that slot home shopping network, which is where he made all of his money and also buying and selling a lot of distress radio stations for a fun and profit. Who knows nothing about this business? Who wouldn't know a good show if it bit him on the ass. And the only claim to fame he ever had in any of his stations was the Ron and Ron show whether I liked it or not that was another story I've already spoken my piece on it. But that was his only claim to fame. So now he's got casted all over there playing the more music more often on radio or rock revely whatever that means starting tomorrow morning. And going to do about a one five or two share in the morning. They're back to obscurity like Zeta has been since somebody I know left there in the morning seven years ago. They're going to go right back in a crap or. And buddy Bud is going to be at least be consistent. That's what I've always said life if you can't be good at least be consistent. That's what they are consistently invisible in a ratings. They have no audience whether it's I and Z. By the way, did we ever tell that Elaine at tourist during in detail? Do we know any more about that? The fact that she got blown out over there is news directorist and the reason that nobody is talking about is because she is suing them in a sex discrimination suit. She started suing before they blew her out. Oh, I see. Well, I can't imagine why they blew her out then. She was suing and then they fired her. That's a surprise. A smart movie, Lane honey. Nice move, baby. And get that nose a refixed. She had a nose for news that Elaine at tour. So she gooseed them up to about a water about a one share. So this market continues to amaze in the ston so there's an article in a Harold and one in the Sun sent over which I'll get into. Also I have got tons of crap today, man. Oh, what are these people want? They want that chindler's list? Look at that. I sat down here like bake an empty board basically. Nobody gives a crap about anything because they're still looking at their ones about the U of M and boy, I got plenty to say about that too about the University of Miami and that outlaw football program. In fact, this whole thing that goes on in sports today, this step in fetching mentality, which is totally unacceptable, totally unacceptable. And most people they'll talk about it in private, but you're not supposed to talk about it in public. I think the NAACP ought to sue every one of these universities, especially the University of Miami, for allowing this kind of behavior to be seen in public. Going out there and acting like something I was stepping fetched from like 50 years ago, putting on this damn I'm telling you, if you talk about promoting stereotypes and prejudice, that's exactly what these guys are doing with their stupid clown act. And people are really, you know, people are laughing at them. They're not laughing with them. They're laughing at them. So black people in this country want to continue to be kept in the dark ages. If you've brought another expression, here's the perfect way to do it. It's keep fulfilling the stereotype man. Just keep going out and having these guys go on there and do their step in fetching routine and meanwhile, everybody has laughing at them. Trust me when I tag guaranteed. Everybody has said this is the same thing. They don't want to say it on here because well, just we don't talk about these things in polite conversation. Well, what's polite about it? It's rude. It's crude. It's obnoxious and it's unacceptable behavior. And screw these guys. So anyway, we got the press release from Ron and Ron here. Also, did not see the thing on channel for news last night where Tony Segretto asked them. Have you guys ever seen me tell us do you need a food? But I hear about George saw it. You saw it yourself. And, you know, of course, there's several sides to the story and generally speaking, there's a lot of liars all away around. Like on a one hand, you know, Mersky saying one thing and then on the other hand, they're claiming that it was the announcement of the DS's wife having AIDS, which is why the show got yanked off in Miami and Jacksonville, which is not the truth because they already knew about that months and months and months and months ago. And now they're trying to say, oh, gee, just a couple of days after the announcement, the show gets yanked off the year. And that's why they're taking us off the year, which has nothing to do with that. So, you know, that kind of reinforces the things that we're hearing 10 days ago about the fact that they were using this announcement to try to build up sympathy and to try to get the packs and the renew their contract. You know, I mean, you talk about crass. Okay. I know there are a lot of guys who like their show, young, you know, 18 to 34 meals, especially. They had an audience, although it was diminishing rapidly and Howard was blowing them off the map quickly. And they were already on the way down. Rick would be very upset if I didn't mention that. Rick and the suds were taking plenty of their audience. They were already on the way down and out. But to use something like that, the guy's wife's illness, she's got AIDS. And to use that to try to explore the situation, which is that a lot of people perceive it to be is about as crass and low as you can go. I mean, that's just unconscionable. But there are a lot of people who believe that that's what they did. It didn't work. 10 17 to WIOD. So we got just a pilot crap to go on here. Who wants that to stay moving by the way? And those old Jews on the fall? Unless they're an old Jew, they're not going to get it. At least over the age of 200. I want Shinelist list. What's the old giving away? And of course, if they're old Jews, they probably don't have a VCR anyway. So what's the deal here, huh? 16 WIOD. Three mature modulation. Hi, it's P. We Herman. Take it from me. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Today's fast-paced world holds its share of headache. There's a thumbprint on this report. Don't get it. Oh, yes sir. Got a problem? No, sir. And under some pressure, huh? Yeah, I feel like my head's going to explode and ask for a doesn't do anything. Well here, take some. I've you profane. I've you profane. Well, try anything. I'm dirty rotten stuff. I'm put up. The big thing he's talking to. I don't make it little. Do we it on report? Feel better? Yeah. What's the inner of you profane? Well, nothing we can admit to on the radio except our secret ingredient, screw them all. Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind. Oh, here comes your boss. Look, I want this report done, even if you have to work through your lunch hour. Okay? What are the nuts? What are you going to get off your, to do some work around here? Oh, I see you take ibuprofen. Yeah. I take it too. You lazy pieces. Oh, no, gentle. The crap. I do something. I use only a spoon to wrap it. 1023 and WIT. So anyway, let's start with Pat Curry, our good-closed personal friend who now pedals her crap to the Harold as the radio writer for the Harold, a son, sent a little bluer ass out some ashes over the Harold. Is she still right? I didn't see the piece. Oh, Puts? I didn't see the Puts piece. So what were they talking to her about? What does she know about anything? They let her get like a certain same. Yeah, I got a sense for her 10 to 20. Bitch. So anyway, Ron and Ron are off Zeta for a cast and over and brewer replaced them. Fans of radio's raucous Ron and Ron. Sure, when for a disappointing drive time today, the city hit a show with drop Tuesday by Zeta 4. Zeta 4 and its owner, Packs and Communications announced Tuesday after knowing that the 6 to 10 a.m. show had been replaced. Effective today by South Florida radio veterans, Paul Castro no balls and Ron Brewer. Packs had also dropped the show Tuesday from its Jacksonville station, but it continues on the air on the it's Orlando affiliate. I didn't know that. They owned a station in Orlando that it's on. So what does that mean? I don't understand what that whole that means. In addition to which if they were dropping the show because DS's wife has got AIDS, how come they're leaving it on here in Orlando? Probably because the contract is enough for renewal. I would imagine, but Pat Curry doesn't go to delve in deeply enough to give us that information. I'm sure somebody in the audience like the Phantom and former can let us know what to deal with with that. In response, Ron and Ron show official's issued a news release implying that the show had been dropped as a result of an honor announcement in December that Ron DS's wife Debbie is suffering from AIDS. We're surprised because we had already told Packs and Communications that were going through a transitional phase. Cohost Ron Benington said, we told them that Ron would have to miss some dates because of his wife's illness and they told us we had the full support and love of Packs and the full support and love of his holy highness. Mr. Born again, Mr. Holyer than now, Mr. I would stab my grandmother in the back if I could make a few bucks on it, buddy. But another one of these good born again, Chris Denz with this $12 million house. $12 million house, people are starving on the streets in this man is building a goddamn $12 million house attribute to greed and being a good born again, Christian with his Christian manual. I wonder if Paul Kestler always read that baby yet because it is mandatory reading Paul. You're going to have to turn into an immediate J. Barker. No touching below the waist, no touching above the waist, no touching anything. Hands behind your back, or straight up in the air. Anico Zano about the ratings in a sened and about Neil Mercky, the program director says it was a matter of ratings. They were off. They were going down. Papa, Papa. And then of course there's a son Sentinel spin on it, which the son Sentinel on page 2B or not to be or 2A on the inside people and those stern bumps Ron and Ron. Which ain't even mentioned basically in the other article. But the Melissa Rujieri, which is Rogers and Italian, Chris, remember the family. Stern bumps Ron and Ron just four months after invading the San Florida radio market. How the Howard Stern show has claimed it's first casually. The first of many Melissa were all going off the air because Howard's on here in Miami as in, oh, we're all packing up our little kid bag and leaving. Now, Melissa, you stupid bitch. WZTA home of the one time ratings grabbers, Ron Diaz and Ron Benington officially severed its ties with the duo syndicated morning show on Tuesday. One of several changes the station will unveil today. According to Neil Mercky, program director for Zayda, the station had been searching for a new morning program even before stern ended the market in September on WBGGGG, which that now that's that's bull crap. I don't believe that for a second. They were kicking ass. They had gigantic numbers. Why the hell would they put it different morning show on? See, why do you have to line Neil? Why do you have to be as the public? Ratings transindicate Ron and Ron's often crude show had declined from a 4.8 to a 3.5 year, over a two month span by comparison two months after his arrival stern boosted WBG G. G's morning ratings to a 5.5 year from the 1.3 year of the station held over the summer when it was WACC FM. The full arbitrom ratings fall book which covers September through to several booths released about two weeks. Stirring may or may not have been a fact when Ron and Ron's decline murky said they've been sliding for a long time in the decision to carry the show anymore was purely a rating thing. Packs and communication which owns Zayda will also yank Ron and Ron from its sister affiliate in Jacksonville. They do always tap a base show it aired on Zayda since 1993 will continue to serve its nine other affiliate markets including Tampa and Orlando. And then it was on about Castra Nova and Brure. So anyway, then here's the press release from Zayda. Boy, I got just crap up the old shoot here this morning. Ron and Ron devastated after being dropped in Miami and Jacksonville after AIDS announcement says the press release from their corporate offices unbelievable. Then actually syndicated radio program, the Ron and Ron show is devastated after being notified today that it is being dropped by Packs and Communications Corp Stations in Miami and Jacksonville after making the much publicized on air announcement prior to their Christmas holidays that Ron DS is wife Debbie a suffering from the AIDS virus. The Ron and Ron show hosted by Bob I will continue to serve Bob I Bob. We are shocked and said in the Ron and Ron show a service of these markets extremely well. We have a very strong bond with a thousands and thousands of loyal Ron and Ron listeners and promised to be back on a year as soon as possible with another radio station which is why they were sucking up with me by the way and also over here. Remember that business with the with the AIDS announcement and about the best of stuff and peaches? What to be appreciate they help by the way but I don't think the motivation was quite as honorable as it was made to sound. We feel as though we've been as matter of fact I happened to know, be on a shadow of a doubt that they were sniffing around to try to get them on this station a little bird whispered that through the door. We feel as though we've been left down after Packs and Communications at Pledge to Was There full and complete support as late as last Friday the program director of Zayda and Miami told me that they were committed to us as their morning show and that podcast for no one would be doing after known. We obviously underestimate their level of support and their amount of lying. You see again because they operate by that good Christian creedow over their own Zayda. They would never lie to you unless of course in this case. This time, this time I'll make an exception. Okay, this time only you can ask me about my business. Just like Michael Corleon, the same the odd father strikes again. Let's take a call from sunrise and you're going to take a look at this. Hey, hello. How you doing Neil? Okay. I just got to tell you one thing. Yes. I usually watch the dolphins on TV even though I'm not a dolphin. Yes, but I was working out in the yard on Sunday and I listened to your new broadcast crew. Our new broadcast crew. Yeah, you mean on the game? Yeah, on the game. You mean, uh, Bill Zimford? Yes, Zimford. For us in flute? Yeah. Yeah, but I get to tell you where they held this man that's come from. What does that mean? Well, what does that mean? Where did he come from? I think he's the old tight-end man old number 88. Yeah, well, he's the great former tight-end man. Does he suck? What does that mean? You're knocking the mad dog now. Everybody loves marriage. In fact, he was in the building yesterday when Aaron Summers came in and said, look at the son of a blonde man. Yeah, only she's not blonde, but hey, he wasn't looking at her here. I'm telling you, I will never listen to an early dolphin game when a station is long as he well, why should you be different from anybody else? That's why they're on television. Yeah, well, God, I've just had to get this off my chest. Okay. Well, feel better. Okay, kind of middle-aged you get the snow. Calls in here, riffs the mad dog and he wants he wants me to give him shenlers list. This guy is out. He's history man. He is off ripping my good buddy Jim Mandage. Yes. Boy, talk about Hutspa. Oh, geez. Oh. Okay. We got just too much crap around here today. What is this? Here's a this is from today. A judge has ordered professional football player Cleveland Gary. Whatever happened to Cleveland Boy, Gary anyway, by the way, speaking to the dolphins and his wife to pay American Express more than $35,000 in back charges. Remember that story that's been an ongoing thing. Pay up already. Okay, pay it now and cut the crap. He's got to pay $13,000 $576 is wife Simone got a repay $22,000. The credit card company sued an October claiming they'd failed to pay their $28,842 bill on their American Express gold cards since February of 1993. February of 93 and this is goddamn January of 95. And God don't know how much money that often is just handed away for him useless as as teach on a frog. And in the meantime, he's just hanging on probably sold all that good stuff that they bought. What does this brought the best of 94? It kicks serious ass as in Managed It says this fact. So raise a crap up above. Jay Barker is uglier than Al Goldstein's ass. Jay Barker is uglier than Al Goldstein's ass. Yes. Okay, big. See, takes the helmet off. And out of the way that there's from what we heard yesterday, another born again Christian was running around shouting from the mountain tops. I'm a virgin. I'm a virgin. I never do not man. I never touch that thing. I don't want to know nothing from that thing. And then we hear yesterday that he's a booser and Carouser and banging everything on campus is what we heard. Now that's just a rumor. But what do you believe? Folks, here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Good man. Uh, just hanging in here. I had this trickle here was one of the chances list. But um, she wanted one. She wanted a chance. She was a little bit less. Uh, tell her to forget it. Yeah, I know. Is she Jewish? Well, she's Jewish. Yeah. What else are the things she took from us? Yeah, probably not. But I'm going to make sure she gets sick of herself. Then she gets it. Yeah. I'm sure she'll get it. Yeah. Hey, what's happening with the tickets man? With a lot tickets. Always be Lord, where we both want to tickets now. They hoping on my home, you'd be San Diego and the two really losers. I didn't see nothing about any tickets today. I've been on for half an hour. I'm saying one word about it. I've been wondering about it. I've been wondering. I've been mentioning the fact that you still have the perfect ticket. I don't want anything. Good. I'm just good for how long. Okay, let's go to Cooper City. Hello. How long is Sonny? Yeah, I'm an old Jewish man. Uh-huh. Actually, I was listening to the ball out of 45 hour live. What is it? I was listening to here's glass, the back to the drill. You said, you're going to be sat to get Phil Henry. Anybody ever hear Sonny and uh, and uh, that goofball from Philadelphia together? What else is name George? Go ahead. So I was listening to Phil Henry yesterday. Yeah. The first time I ever found him to be funny. He was a star. Well, what are you people all talking about the first time you ever heard him to be funny? You're out. You're off the air pal. Yeah. All these people that we got a whole new deal, man. This must be uh, this must be Paxon's people over here called into the trying to flood the lines with BS here. First guy's ripping mandage. Who everybody loves mandage, right? Yeah, there you go. Even old sower pie over there. And now he's ripping into Phil Henry. One of the great talents in the history of our business. The first time he ever heard, why did you call him and tell him that you spinalist piece of turd? You walking jellyfish? Call him and tell him that. God, Almighty, talk about I see here I go through a 33 minute monologue. These people would know Ron and Ron from uh, from uh, they would know Don I'mus from Don Amichi. They would know Tony Segretto from Tony Alamo. Jesus Joseph and Mary. We're in Hell, all these old just because I said we want to hear from old farts. It was a joke. Okay. Go away. Please. Oh, hey. Here's a lady in Haley. Hello. Hello. How'd you like to flower? How'd I like to flower? Yes. They were beautiful. You received them. Thank you. You're welcome. They were lovely and you're still a douchebag. Thanks a lot. That's okay. Why? Because you uh, I don't want to go through that whole thing again. Can't you move on with your life now? No, we'll can't you stop saying something about it? I haven't said a word about it. This is when you were talking about the dolphin. Yeah. And it's true. It's true. I give things away. I have valuable things to give away here once in a great while. Sometimes which I purchase with my own cash and then I give away to people who don't use them or just taking for granted or even worse, lose them or make up some cock and bull story about losing them. It wasn't up or sorry. It was a bull and cock story about it was. Huh? No, it was. It was a well-known truth. Well, regardless of somebody did pick them up off the desk, if that bitch left them on a desk like that, it was pretty careless to do something like that. I'd slap her ass around a little bit. Well, I take those flowers and stick the stems right where the mundo shine. Turn her ass into a flower pot. I'm serious. I'll never forget that as long as I live. Fine with me. Have a nice day. Boy, have we tested the waters here today? Are they in a good mood today or what? Huh? Yeah. It's 1036. That you're happiness station. Happy New Year, by the way, for this is a great way. It's the 4th of January where we're right into a brand new year. Everybody's really in a great mood. They're full of vinegar and whatever goes along with douche. It's 1036 at your happy station. Oh, I have that feeling coming on again, George. W-I-O-D. I spend the most guest for colors on W-I-O-D. You're not necessarily those of this station or it sponsors. All W-I-O-D programs are copyrighted 1995 by W-I-O-D incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior written consent. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers or any fighter and Hank Goldberg. Hey, hey, since Richard broke his mouth, hey, hey, let's get a fucking hour. What was his thinking? That girl is fine. Is Richard stupid or just out of his mind? I'm feeling good. Finding God of Science should be a factor in your pay-al-says. Just give me a second. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you turned 20 till 11 in W-I-O-D. The amazing Phil Henry who just took a little shot on the air here from that other guy, which really just it frost my ass. I can't believe that anybody is that stupid except the people who call in, of course, and get all better to shape about Margaret and people like that. Those are the three and then have the balls to say on a year. Oh, is that woman is really stupid? You don't feel? She's really stupid. Yeah, she's the stupid one, right? Yeah, here's Tamara. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? What is it? I had a radio accident today on the continental's worst vision. Oh boy, they got the worst cable. They got no channels with pain for no channels. On channel 17, they had these people that were like over 185 years old, they're doing calisthenics in the in the in the in the in the in chair. Yeah. We'll share calisthenics. Yeah. Reach up turned to dawn up through the shuffle back and forth while I sitting down. That's only for sunrise. That's only for the people in sunrise. They have that walker aerobics is good at talking about. Have you ever seen it? Yeah. They do aerobics on your walk. I thought I was, I thought I was totally a could not believe what was seen on the TV unbelievable. Yeah. Not able vision is put well, they're all appealing to people who you know who believe the canning has a different meaning that what my with a Michael Faith. I'll tell you this time next year I'm going to say my money in this time next year I'm going to have a dish. You'll only wait a go. That's what I got to do. I got to get one of them 18 and go out and get one. Hey, take care. Have a great life. I hope it landed Broward. Michael Faith, what they'll ever happen to him. He he managed pretty fast didn't he? He didn't make it on the years uh, remember a big list. Faded off into obscurity. Once they found out he was doing drugs and was a punky little piece of crap and had a real bad complexion and didn't look as good as we thought in the first place. He was kind of like the Jay Barker of drugs. The Jay Barker of canings, you know, from far away like over in Singapore. He looked you know who's all right. And then all of a sudden we saw close up. He was a real piece of crap. I think Larry King was the one who exposed that facade. Just like he exposed Ross for having those big ears. Right Larry, you idiot you suck hole. suck hole of the year. Once again goes to Larry King. Oh, just looking and uh, lathering up all over everybody's body, which is why they did their lined up at the door to be on that show for those marshmallow roasts. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. This is your just a Cuban prostate fat. Yeah. How is it? Mine is fine. How's yours? Mine's uh, okay. You know, was hurting a little bit over the holiday because I had a little bit of liquid entertainment. Oh, but um, by the way, I have a little uh recommendation for all you mail prostate sufferers out there. My mother, my mother finally after spewing up bull crap all these years. Finally told me something true yesterday and that is stay away from Citrusville. You know, your doctor always tells you to take like a little, uh, I hate to say stool soften or laxative because that makes you sound like a real old fart. But the bottom line is don't take that Citrus else got citric acid in it. And like over the weekend, I thought, oh, gee, I'm getting all better from this thing. It's just about 98% gone and starting all over again. She said, throw that crap out. It's got citric acid in it. It will tear your insides out. I threw it out and I'm feeling great. Yeah, anything that's acid. That's right. We're hurting. So watch your acid in the prostate too. If you have prostate problems, watch your acid. Listen, anybody even if you name ain't said, anybody who calls your show ripping, managed, I hope he gets a word on the top of his head. It's a stupid thing. It's obnoxious. You jackass right. If it wasn't for managed, you know what the show will be like. That's right. He's the only thing that keeps the goddamn game on me. That anybody would listen for the sure not listening for a comma to his in for their listening demanded. It's despised at anything up and go ape shot. Yeah. There you go. I rest my cases. Well, Neil, I just want to see how your thing was doing in your prostate too. They're both excellent. But I'm actually running out of material. Obviously, it's okay. Have a great life. I feel like if you're a finger on it. We have an open line in date 751 and one on the bell soft mobility line, which amazingly, I'm one in Broward. It looks like three. Just when I thought we were starting to build up some gigantic momentum. And who wants the Shindler's list damn thing? I want to get rid of this. It's a double a two for one deal. Two of VCR of V yeah, two VCRs. Two of videos. How long is that damn thing anyway? Boy, you talk about morbid. That must go on and on and on. Three hours and 17 minutes of self pity. Oh my god. It just goes on. Huh? You're not going to watch it. Why do I want to watch it? It's a good movie. I don't want to see it. I watch all I watch all those damn A and E. And I watch all of those that I've seen 80 million. I watch public public television, whether no English likes it or not. I watch 800,000 hours of Holocaust movies. I know all about it. I've seen all the bones. I know all I don't know. Nobody has to convince me that it happened. I'm as well aware as anybody except maybe those people who were survivors and were there. I know all about it. I don't need to see any more. It's not a documentary. What is it? It's a good story. It's a story about this guy. I know what it is, Mr. Goia, show cup. I know all about it. I don't need some little goi sitting in there tell me about some Jewish movie. I know all about it. They don't have no, you're thinking of Europa. You're open now. No, this movie. I don't want to see any naked men. I want to see naked Jews. I want to see naked goi. I want to see Jay Barker dripping wet in the locker room and see just just what the real story. The inside story is there with that punk. That thing is probably like a purple at this point. It's probably raw as a beat. A lot of naked old people. There you go. Any horny old queens out there. A lot of naked guys in this. Over the age of 100. Here's the four-laterdale. Hello. Good morning, Mr. Sir. Back to you. Hey, I took your advice. And got the autobiography, the unauthorized. Oh, the Michael Jackson book. Who? Yeah. Talk about height. Yeah. Unbelievable. He's doing it. He's still doing it. Yeah. There's not going to be too many people that'll stop him. He's got the do. He's got the bucks and that part about the, if you finished the book. No. Did you give it to the part where Latoya was going through the closet in the house and never land. And she found all these a canceled checks like for a million here in Tumili in there. They written the parents of all his little boy friend. I read it. Well, hey. And it's just like that woman that was on her wild along. Never forget this line as long as I live. She comes on here and gives stands up very indignant big fat black woman. And says, I'd be proud to have my son molested by Michael Jackson. What kind of a statement is there? What kind of an ambassador do you have to be to make a statement like that? Well, see you. In other words, if it was father-in-law tool, that would be a sin and you know, who is asked and so the church, but if Michael the molested, then it's a wonderful thing. It must be okay. He probably even used that sequence. I love to do it. He's driving a new life role. Oh, yeah. Right. There you go. He's rolling it. Hey, why not? Have you noticed how good Rick's answer is? Look, lately. I don't watch that station under penalty of death. Do you know, occasionally I flip it on? How good he looks has compared the water of what green turd? You know, he just has a slimy slick hair. His complexion was kind of a... Yeah, but Jay Hiler bunched him up on. He's going to be the best man at that wedding. In fact, Jay Hiler said he's the best man. He's had in a long time. So whatever that means, you're figuring it out. I thought it was Marilyn Mithle. Anya. Thought it was one? Marilyn Mithle. You know the health reporter? I don't want to see him. I don't know who any of those people are. What will say, Gway back? He's getting married to Jessica Aguri. Can't us must, Macho, Jessica Aguri are and Bishop. Yeah, but is he circumcised? Uh, you're about the only one who wants to know. Have a great life, pal and go back and read the book. Obviously, you need something to keep you busy. Anybody that's obsessed with Rick Sanchez needs serious serious help. Just the aroma about those 20 gallons of oil. Wow. It's a 1047. You know, I'm a smell that over here and they're like several yards away. 1047 a WIOD. How's Jay Hiler doing by the way? And if they set the date yet, now we invited? Is the paper boy going to be the best man? He won't be the first man, but he might be the best man. 16 WIOD. The biggest Dick and South Florida. Kids, you say hang out at the beach in Singapore, but beach boys are up. Hang in the past. Now, case mail records gives you the chance to meet the new generation, the mall boy. Well, we spend a lot of time hanging out, but we don't buy a thing now. And the muffle leaves head is what we know they can't do the thing now. Why not grab your woody and hang with a mall boy? Just grab much is now. I think I could eat a cow from it to prove to me. The mall boys are they ain't unless you cast a drip on the pair to be your life or are they just waiting for their parents to pick them up in the beaver? Well, I like to walk around and smoke a cigarette. And I think I look tough, but I haven't started shaving yet. The mall boys, they're not a lost generation because you can always buy them at the mall. When I grow up I'll be in forever and the one. The level two. 1051 and WIOD and let's see. We haven't given away the shindlers list yet. I want this off of my hands immediately if not sooner. Let's get rid of it. Here's for a lot of nail. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Okay. Hey, listen. I woke up up in the corner that shindlers list because when I saw the movie, yeah, recognize my great of my grandfather was one of the cards. Well, one of the Nazi generals. I know most people call a grandfather was a Nazi general. Yeah, and they showed him in a real life clip of the movie. I almost predicted the third movie. What was his name, Marshall Limbaugh senior? No, no, no, no, no. Oh, I'm short, cop. Anyway, Neil. Yeah, I'm always still on. I know what's amazing. Keep going. Anyway, Neil, so I was when I realized I saw the dollar movie theater at the AMC Ridge once. And when I stood up and said, you know, Marshall, that's Grandpa out there. I would use turn around and they were like, you know, looking at me as a son. Smart move. Yeah, smart move. And you're still here to tell the tale. So, you know, we were in a game to the. Hey, yeah, I'm probably good. I was. Anyway, I know it's not right because I know what he did was wrong and stuff. And I just like that. I'm a movie set of one clip of them, you know, because he wasn't. And over here, you're the grandson of a Nazi and you want me to give you this movie. Do you realize what a disgusting and grotesque act that would be in my part? But Neil, listen, I mean, I didn't say you're not getting it. I just want to ask if you understood how disgusting and revolting that would be. Why do you want to see it? It's not really disgusting or voting because he was a great general. He was a great general. Hermon Geering. He chose of Germals. George Goble. When he was so alive and I was young, I asked him and he said he regretted it and he was forced to do it. Yeah. So, I don't have. I never have a picture of him, you know, he's a gas scientist and they would all pet well. He's dead now. Yeah. Yeah. You're great. You're also a... I am. That's why I thought... This would be even I can't stoop this low. Can I give it to this guy, George? He's making it all up. You're making it up, George said. What was his name? What was your grandfather's name? Gentle, sports, call. Okay. I told you he was making it up. You're lying, sack, a crap. And I want to look, if you got to make up, I'll give it to anybody. But to make up stories, this is bad. If they're doing for tickets or something for a ball game, that's one thing. But now you're making it up stories to get a goddamn video tape. I mean, that's pathetic. You can go ahead and it's shock buzzed if we're only about 100 bucks. And if your Jewish 200 bucks, oh, sorry Wayne. We have an open line in Broward 5249 for, sorry, creator-posts. How's the runner-run doing, by the way? Got nothing. You know, something, why did I waste all that time on that? We haven't had one call about that. Nobody gives a crap about that, evidently. We didn't get one call about it. Nothing, not a, not a one. Zip any doodot. Here's Miami. Hello. Run in run, finally gun. Oh. Thanks Howard. We have an open line in date, 751. Who the hell was that? Sounded like a familiar voice to me. As in perhaps, hey, it's Howard. How it's bam. Let's see, Miami's gone. Let's do a lady in Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes. This is a little bit political. I think on the only person that's outraged about these Cuban refugees who escaped from Belgrade prison, convicted first degree murders. What? What? Wait a minute. Wait a minute. My psychotic friend. What? What? What? There vines is a make with that they're Cuban refugees. I'm not, not Cuban. I'm saying any refugee. Just these five happen to be Cuban. Yeah. And that's what the, what have you, what's opened up this? Yeah, out of here. She wants to start that crap all over again. Go call up. Amy, shape. Okay. Go call up the school teacher. Call up. Enus the penis. Sure. Call him up. Once I start all that crap again. Yeah. We already know that nobody knows it better than I did. He sent every, uh, the general, every douchebag, every devious dangerous crew. We know that. So go scream at Lardass Limbo. Okay. Laptor, tada, tada, tada, go scream at his fat ass. Get out of my post. Why is it? You notice 99% of the time, it's women. The women in this town. They're like, I've sest with this with this, but call up Sandy paint and she'll be delighted to hear about it. Okay. Call up Sandy and just say, oh, you're so right, lovely lady and have a nice day. There you go. One more time, Sandy. Have a nice day. Oh, she still hasn't lost it. Has she that's Serapy, phony, jappy sound. And also I'm not getting any of something. I better don't get one call about this today. But off the year, everybody that I everybody I run into comes up to me and says, boy, you sure are right about that. The, any of them is only one example of it. Deonsanders would be another. But of course, deonsanders is a professional look it up in the book. So there's not too much you can do about that. Even though it's still just as disgusting and nauseating or people are laughing at him like some kind of a like some kind of a jackass who ought to know better. But these guys, I mean, on a college level, if the coach and the athletic director, the people in charge don't have an up control over these assholes out there to say, hey, this this looks like crap. This is pathetic. You guys look like how much an asshole is doing this crap. Strutting around like step and fetch it. And with all this trash talk in the fighting and all the other garbage that you, and then of course the fans of all that stuff, the Kingsman, it couldn't win if they didn't do that. Yeah, right. That has a lot to do with athletic ability and with competing on a field and being articulate and literate and educated, etc. And so on, which of course being articulate and educated and literate are some of the things that nobody wants to talk about in this society, especially if you happen to be minority and especially if you happen to be black, don't get an education, just go out there and kick some ass. There you go. And be pissed off. That's what it's all about. And everybody else is laughing Erass off. And at the meantime, this is like the apinical of success is to go out there in the strut around like some kind of an asshole on in heat. And it's pathetic. Kendall. And you know, yes, we look for safe and convenient on the FM. Now, should we look for why? They've been in the Queen for what? And said it's going on charges. What, what are they going to be on? On, you said, well, yesterday, Castro and Ovis do in mornings over there, Ron and Ron around. I mean, that's the switch, huh? Yes, they, the coast was going back to the city. That was it. You can't add it here. The sky is falling. Oh my god, how is it possible for there to be so many stupid people in the world? How is it possible for there to be so many parats out there? Do you think for yourself? Do you have a brain? Is there anything functioning? Is there a function at your junction? My god. You said this. Yeah, the sky is falling. I got $6 million in a briefcase. I'm going to send over to your right after lunch. Warren Moon is a, is a clutch performer, a new King, which is a genius who's going to lead us out of the wilderness into progressive America. What, what are you talking about, man? Let me ask you something, man? Are you a moron or what? Was that Ron and moron on the phone? I said yesterday, Herman and Ben Bean start next Monday and a morning. I don't want to get David K. Schwartz up, said over there on the coast. WGTR. He even got the monkey back in here, and the think I've got to be for Michael Jackson shaved his ass. Boy, just in the nicotine. Oh, that, that call right there. You marked that one for the posterity. That was astonishing. You said just through, yeah, yeah, I say a lot of crap. Okay, you've got to be able to pick and choose between a crap and the truth. And truth is something we know nothing about on this station. Although we were the first ones to tell you about Paul Castro Nova and about Zeta and every other guy damn thing that happens in his market. Right? Damn right, freaking A. Here's homestead on the Sterlin. Hello. Morning. Morning to you. I want to say it was the guy who called earlier saying that yesterday was the first day he found, uh, uh, Phil funny. Yeah. Was the first day he got it. Yeah, that's right. And, uh, what a what a putster. I'm showing you. And I wanted to mention something about I'm going to sum up South Florida and I'm a little state in 30 seconds. Okay. Um, you know, every year at the end of the new year, they they report on the first child born in the new year. Well, in Miami now, we're reporting on the first person killed in the new year. Right. And go over it, no over it, no over it. And that's it. And the starlines still works. And guess what? Now that we don't have gambling, we can feel real safe this year. Yeah. Have a great day, pal. And a girl here. Bye. See ya. Like I said, George. See ya. The station too big for Randy Rhodes. News talking entertainment radio. Have a nice day. 10 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale. News not happy with Connie. Good morning at 11 o clock. I'm Terry Griffin. 610 W I O D news brought you by Phil. Floridian. Done as dirt. Look at and stick. He's in the lake. Oh. News talking entertainment radio. 610 W I O D presents the Neal Rogers Show to talk with Neal call 751 W I O D in D. 524 W I O D in Broward. Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free. 1 8994 4 W I O D. A rat. So you know, one customer is can call pound I O D at no charge. Now the new Rogers show on news talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D. I already have a homosexual relationship with Neal. So I might as well have one with you too. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh Oh, my baby. Ohhh, my baby. Oh, how these upto 21. Boys, please help me with my Bubbles. Come on. Come on, oh. My baby, what are you looking at? Hello. My baby. My baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, my baby. Oh, I promise you to open your sittings. Me, baby. Ha. What do you want? My baby, R estezeeeling my baby. Moved for us, you dis big, more miserable. So, are you coming away from that I'm dumb? I hope they last Dr. I went to a tamarack as listening to this boring big fan of the show Big fan of hers too and the first thing he asked me when I walked that he offered to How's your rethra? It's a level of eight in Wild Happy Wednesday to you We are really rocket and socket today not We're talking about Ron and Ron today, which nobody wants to talk about because they had no audience left I've had only also we're asking a musical question how come I know his college bull games over the weekend all those Virol football players were holding hands in the hotdle That's the new deal now see they won't talk about the padding on the butt that's bad enough They can't they just oh they look the other way they pretend that's not going on They will never respond to that that imports it's okay for one guy to pat another guy in the butt But anywhere else in life in this country if they did that they'd all be like raising an eyebrow on Whistling at the top of their thing But now the new deal is these football players and even on the pro level some of them are doing it Every time not just like once in a while in a crucial spot in the game like as it lets me together man We got to stick together Because I pissed off not at that point of the game, but like every time they go back in the huddle They're like grabbing each other's hands and whatever else they can get they're holding hands guys holding hands Now what is that to teach a bunch of young college athletes huh? No one of those countries going to hell on a hand-cast get man and Nobody's got shindlers list yet, which I don't understand it. I'm dying to give it to somebody and the movie too Here's Weston hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes. Yeah, I just want to tell you one of my relatives Survivor of the holocaust yeah, and that's lucky and They haven't been shindlers list. Yeah, and well, they'll bring back a lot of bad memories So let's keep it that way we have an open line in bravern five two four I'm not gonna give it away just because that kid made up that story I'm gonna drag this thing out the whole show today I mean all the other movies that give away generally speaking nobody even acts for him Nobody even wants to God damn things, but I got this big a well. It's two two tapes and if you're smart enough to put a little Scotch tape over the bottom there You can actually tape over these huh? What's wrong with that? These are a nice virgin video tapes. I probably cut you least 399 a Kmart Here's what do I just do? I do Western. I believe so while you were Jenny Flecking. Here's a Westchester. Hello Hello Neil. Yes, sir. Um, Neil. I've got a problem. Maybe you can help me. Yeah, I think I'm falling hands in a hotel Is that it? I would go for it. Why do guys hold hands in a hotel and football games? I think it's like a Like a sense of brotherhood just like To live themselves in the being like one unit or a unit? Yeah, yeah, I love a lot of units that hold hands But you got a point. I think you got it. Well, what's the other story? Neil. I'd like to shinders list like movie. Yeah, but I'm more interested that I think I'm falling for Jim Mandage. Yeah, I mean I've ever since you played that that screaming Yes, I mean I just I've been heart and bothered have you know I mean anything with the fact that he used to be a tight-end Okay, I think both campers more his type we have an open line in date 7519463. Oh He wanted to movie dammit. Let's go to Jupiter. Hello. Hey, no, I do it pretty good great Got a really report. Yes, yeah, I do your stay Just as well She played the thick and cider bed We're playing a couple times Nice nice judgment there sweetie. Remember a couple weeks ago Especially up there in Palm Beach with all those nine hundred euros far at set. I go for a really big Ha ha ha ha ha I'm gonna look today Yeah, salad you sour crab. I'm assuming you know a key, man, huh? So many in though a key. Yeah, right it sounds like it Remember a couple weeks ago in John's letter. Joyce one that blew it out The post out an article about the evil the masturbation the assume we're gonna get yeah There you go. That's me little slow. They used to teach it all that and I could send you the article Oh, yeah, I know that and it's not that many years ago back in the 40s and early 50s the the public line The AMA and all these other geniuses a masturbation would make you uh, you know I'll hear on a palms of your hands and make you will mad and All the other crap and of course you had a where we all thick lenses coat bottle lenses and all the other crap Even that apart where he would put pages on some kids Because we've alone like us right and of course there was John Crawford used to tie her kids hands behind his back And I went she went we're any went to bed. Oh, yeah, so he couldn't like accidentally wind up touching anywhere Still rub like that. Yeah, all right believable guy that movie sure Okay, let's get it over with okay. This guy's on a given the damn shunlers list to give us a little Randy Spirey for it They're on Dickens cider We have an open line in day course these coat fall these falls will all cone off now How's David Cohen doing by the way still getting a grip on life? Open line a day 751 9463. Let's do a lady in pepper pine. Hello. I just drew us. I wanted a good morning good morning, Darius Did you see the topics magazine Sunday the one the topics magazine about the tropics The tropics or the topics yeah, right the world wrong the white and I didn't I didn't see it Tropics tropics or whatever it was I didn't see the tropics. Yeah about I thought the picture of Cherokee and Enharging was one of funny scriptures I've ever seen follow one of the funniest one Correctures or cartoon correcture Whatever I'm simple today, right? Correct, correctures Carricatures Why the funniest pictures I just mentioned him David Cohen one of the funniest pictures I ever seen He sure had a lot of bull in the pen Yeah, yeah, he had his hands on it. I told you you've been saved my life since I moved here in 80 Yeah, you're my sunshine. Oh, yeah, yeah, well, I know you have better calls than this I sure hope so Darius You have a nice day. Thank you. See you. Okay, bye bye. She's becoming a character of herself to be honest with it We have an open line on in fact we have several but I noticed that One in Broward five two four nine four six three five two four Wildi just call up George and Whistledixie yeah that guy's got in we got the green line open of course. It'll never ring again today And the the great news is that the star line is still a business still working there Bell South mobility has not yet Not yet committed that interpret act of disconnecting it, but I have a feeling that any moment any day any second any hard beat Any deadbeat. It's gonna happen and at that point if it might have does happen There is gonna be a revolution on this show the likes of which they have never seen it Bell South mobility I guarantee them to you that trust me when I tell you By the way, I mentioned it's 11 14 at Wildi George you're taking a break now How many how many have we got three yeah and we don't want to take one now Well, usually the way when you take your normal break About 12 When we do three usually take it around 20 yeah So in other words, we have a new deal now. You're gonna tell me what we're doing to break Is that the new deal like they do any of these other shows where they know you're the host on a weird where the host come in like They're lost and they can't have their own program lock. I want to tell you something and they're really bothers me And I hope that Rick Riley is listening to this and everybody else who does supposedly does a show on the ear If you are if you're just that A dizzy and of course in his case he is so he's got he's exempt from this But anybody else if he can't like keep a copy your program logging you don't know when it's time to take a break And you don't like have control of the structure of your own program and you have to allow on Reliance some prepubescent a but sucker like Andy Calber anybody else to decide to format your show in that case You need help I guarantee a fill Henry don't do that In fact, I noticed on Friday when he's out there in a road he gets like foaming at the mouth because they're trying to make him take breaks when there are any even any spots And he gets all better to shape about that. Yeah, but let me say something for let me say something later So now it's 11 Let's take a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello Hey, deal It's plenty. Hey, you're not out of here Okay, that'll do it now. That's a good us up to break time. Can you believe that I've heard him call and feel? Let me say something to you right now. Okay, let me the limo driver We don't want I'm speaking for everyone on this station including Rick Riley whether he goes along with or not because he's too much of a pussy to admit it and put his foot down with anybody We don't want to speak to you you are a knit-width you're a you're a turd you're a troll you're just a goofle We don't want to talk to you you're a pain in the ass You're chronic you are beyond chronic you're useless as As horns on a frog's ass So go a vague go drive somebody because you drive at us nuts Now that to it 11 16 at the Let's take a mobile in the four-laterdale. Oh gone. We didn't get to him fast enough damn it They probably thought we were gonna take a break. Sorry to open lines and broward probably on lany 5249463 and one on the green line at 1-800-944-9463 1-0 we have it at one Ron and Ron call that they not one I went through 30 minutes of Nashing and get rid of the article. I talked about their press release about the ends in the outs and the ups and the downs not one talk about an impact And of course Rick was sitting here this morning tell me oh, yeah, we got the whole Ron and Ron audience over here now They're all over here, man because they tuned out and see that this morning They're all pissed off. They're really pissed off and they're not over here I don't know where the hell they went, but they sure ain't here. I guarantee you're in damn tea there right now So it's 11 let's take Miami on the purple line. Hello. Yeah. How you doing Neil pretty good Listen, I call the suck around for those movies that they're already gone. They're gone. That's right. They're history No more suck in the line. I want to do a radio show. I don't want to be radio a giveaway here I want to talk to some people who are one little verbal intercourse. I'm action here I just call it into suck around for something for free. Let's intercourse each other. I not pass Know that bill South crap when they disconnect yeah, we finally class action super tumors Yeah, there you go good thinking. Hey. I mean you got to get them hustling somewhere I got news for it on the day that that happens I'll conduct a massive cellular one. I'll have more new people signing up than they had in a in a in a in a burlful of monkeys That did I'm whatever it'll at me. I used to when I had I had no South for a while and they screwed everything They make me sick. I get I go home get my mail yesterday. Here's a bill from Bell South mobility We're disconnecting your phone which by the way I had this connected we're disconnecting your phone because of the unpaid balance hundreds of dollars Which has already been paid like two weeks ago I called the turd burger up and I say and I'm getting a build here and it's a and he checks the thing Oh, yeah, there's a zero balance you want to get it reconnected I said no thanks have a nice life. Goodbye Well, I had the same thing. They can't get their crap together for a lover money over there I had the same type of problem that had called on my bill that I didn't make I you know I contested it it it came down to the owes of $18 they took into court at random hundreds of dollars of I feed them in court good for you Stick it to them that's it stick it anywhere we can okay. Bye. Have a great life Purple lines open at cellular one. That's our favorite line not at pound I would be 11 to 18 at Your Well, you see took and play this game. You know, I'll just drag it out forever just keep you right on the edge of your seat I mean if you want to take the break when I want to take the break great like maybe I had to go downstairs and do a little number A big number maybe I want to do it right here in the seat. I don't know But all of a sudden you're still well. I don't you take it don't stick thing. I'll just blow and smoke because I wasn't ready for it Yeah, you're blowing something in there. I guarantee you that I tell you what he was doing. He was spinning around in the chair looking to spot where Aaron Summers dropped something yesterday She was in that control room and man. He was wheeling that little chair back a little further the further almost into the guy damn window back there Aaron Summers is okay and everybody's booking is building. She's really she's a lot better And I thought She's gonna start Monday 8 a.m. on a station. I guarantee you she'll have the highest rated show in this market Make no Mr. AMFMPM BM shortwave. She will have double digit numbers at night Aaron Summers and even though she has no idea what she's talking about that's not what it is important She's got a great ass She's got big very very well shaped tutors. She's got a and I tell you something you know Christie you are brinkly I mean, I'm sorry, which one am I thinking about now now I'm getting confused See I always get those two confused and I'm gonna say the wrong thing and everybody. Oh, good. You say that Which is the one I'm talking about? Cindy Crawford. I'm sorry. I always get her confused with Christie. Brinkly and I apologize to Christie. Brinkly because that was a shot What is the big deal with Cindy Crawford? Do you think she's a hot band? She hasn't molded. She's she's got a skanky looking face man Her nose. She's needs a host on nose job. She's bad Cindy Crawford. She couldn't lick Christie Brinkly's ass I'll tell you that right now Or Aaron Summers although my pee I have a lot of guys would like to watch plenty past eleven at Wild Some things in life are easy to describe like the way Madonna looks at five in the morning The stadium the morning after a night game in the hangover after too much to kill her But how do you describe the fill-hindry show on 610 Wild Ginger answers to Wild Miami 33141 and in the meantime imagine turning on a nightlight rolling over to see The filled hindry show two to 6pm Monday through Saturday on news talk and entertainment radio 610 Wild 610 Wild Where the seven words you can't see on radio are down to two Mr. Mary Madditch Saturday night on CBS eat it is back from the dead It's the 20th anniversary of all in the family All rookie death if it ain't John Jellie we Daddy don't be such a cool She's now whatever happened to my little girl who catches why don't you push yourself away from the table, huh? Maybe have a salad once in a while Daddy don't you know how many of the world's people have never had a decent meal Again with the charity spill on Because why don't you send them the bones from the turkey you had for breakfast You did that daughter was pushing up days Now watch the last episode was all a bit Seems so bad to me Look who is it back there, baby? Who's today off he and get me in it at B 20th anniversary all in the family Saturday night on CBS Rock to you by IBS home car respondents school where you can learn Automechanics God repair You're so cool Have you seen her lately? She has ballooned up now they only show her from the forehead up I mean her face is that she's got a head that says fat as large as limb was as she is just gigantic She's a monstrous she looks beastung Like an allergy how about beastly? Oh man is she gross but hey Gloria you're the bath and old Rob Riner he's looking really good too I didn't yeah here's north Miami hello Hello, yes sir. Okay. I'm one of the Ron Ron All right and well I listen to them in the morning and then I switched to your show and then to Bill Henry and I'm really mad about this set of four garbage man. Yeah, they're gonna get what they deserve They're gonna get about a one share over there in the morning Yeah, I really like rock and roll music in the kind of garbage they put on you Just a bit. Yeah, and it's gonna get worse. Yeah. I just Ron Ron was only thing I used to listen and And that's all There you go. All right Kissed as a good buy pal. Yeah, I got it and have a great life. See you and get a new phone We have an open line in date 75 one one and Broward five two four and that green line We gave away shinlers list to somebody on the green line I'm sorry I apologize what an act of stupidity on my part I can't believe I did that where's that guy live you got his address where we sent in that tape to jupiter All like I said that's okay. I thought maybe he was in Boka. Oh god would that be disgusting if we gave it to somebody in Boka. Oh Fair Here's a lady in Pompano on a starline. Hello. How's the hang in the ill? Okay. How do you linkers in the acre straightness? How's the why? You're on your zineakers. I don't see him too much Except every once in a while when they're sitting up there on sunrise over by the corner of 118th Chuton your thing down a street and I'm always going nice and slow I might call somebody a douchebag. Okay, go ahead. We have an open line in Broward five two four one on the starline It's star iod one on the green line one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three Are we gonna hear from a woman today who's got anything to say about anything? I mean, I just can't believe that course we didn't have a good friend Doris She was kind of a caricature over so and then we had who else did we have the bigot lady? Oh yeah, they're woman from Boka who wanted to talk about those Cubans again about those god damn Cubans again Thank goodness no white people can it crimes that's right. Thank goodness the Charlie Manson was Cuban and David Brookowitz and a guy who's shooting up the abortion clinics he must be Cuban too, right? There's even a few white people commit crimes out there honey. How do you like that? You'll be getting it old bitch that they just can't the can't let it go they can't let it go No, say the it albanho or Dalekuerta amirelo All right there you go stick that and you're a little up pocket book honey and twisted And a green line is just sitting there look at that okay. Oh, I guess we forgot about these the tickets We got for the big game there isn't any big game, but we got a bunch of tickets and we're only given them way to people on the green line at 1-800-144 W. I do let's give away that golf cart absolutely free little used a little use golf cart Almost in pristine condition like that pristine bullet that went through John Connelly's wrist body John Kennedy's brain and Jack Willen's head And the offender of the limousine Let's go to a South Miami hello Hey Neil yes sir. I've got a title for the sequel for sender's left. Yes, sir. She's this Starring on those fourths on anger. I thought was gonna start Brian cock Well, we can on his soft man. That would be great. I can just see it right now Breaking in the fortnight to buy more juice. Uh-huh. Well, give it to both of Brian maybe you can do something. Okay. You're lucky We have an open line in date 75 one. We do have that shinlers list uh thing is that did we ever put that in here? I doubt it's not really all that great. It's okay. I might even play it. I doubt it Let's do uh we did South Miami here's the lady in Westchester. Hello. Hi. Hi. I uh I don't want to give you a suggestion I suggested of what uh about W I O D if that is saying that say nine four six three Luckily I just remembered the number that's all I got you. Uh-huh. Luckily for who? Well, what will you say W I O D if says say double I O D nine four six Okay, just call nine four six three. Okay. Just okay if you're in date nine four six three. Right. Okay. Okay. Every time everything's alright. Yeah, that's good. I'm listening to something. Well, I'm playing I'm glad everything's alright. Okay. And don't forget now nine four six three. Oh, you say that. I say that and how do you say that and Spanish? How do you say that and Spanish? I can't speak Spanish. No, Evie? Well, yeah, what does that say? No, Evie? Quattro? Oh. Quattro? Yes. Sace? It trace. Right. Just sent it trace. Huh? You taught me three words. There you go. Here's another word. Here's another word. All right. Adios. We have an open line in date seven five one one on the green line one eight hundred nine four no Wait, no, I'm sorry nine four six three. If you're on a green line in Boca West Palm Jupiter Uranus nine four six three. Okay. Don't dial anything else. Just keep pick up that phone and keep dial it nine four six three. My allergies act and up again in here today. I have a feeling that very shortly. I'm going to be Dashing through the snow just like Santa and his reindeer. I'm going to be dashing through that giant pile of mung. Oh, I'm sorry. That's Jeff. Hi. In a hallway. There. I thought it was a pile of mung. A mung pile. Well, same difference. Here's Pompito Beach. Hello. Hi. Is this nine four six three? This is it, Sunny. You know Sally's brothers. So huge. The only thing I can think of the compared to would be the size of Russian windball head. Yeah, like I said, like Russia is Russia's ass on a bad day. If you're seeing a size that head, I mean, I accidentally turned the channel and it took a whole damn screen. Who hers her his? I've never seen his head nor do I have any desire to see it. Well, Neil, this is a red red. I think anybody could find it. We have an open line in date 75 one one and Broward five two four one on the green line one eight hundred did he get cut off? He started talking at head stuff and he got cut right off. That's a shame. He is off limits. Now he's out. When do you agree? He's you are beyond chronic. You have nothing to say. You're beyond chronic. You must. I'm going to do your big favor seriously. I'm going to force you. Even if it feels bad in the beginning, just like a little less than him, I'm going to force you to find a life. Even if it hurts, you must find a hobby. Badminton would be good. You can go out there and play with that old shuttlecock. You can take up a surfing would be great. All the way. I think shuffleboard might be the board that you're looking for. Whatever it is, just grab it and go with it. But go somewhere and do a fast grab. Go away. Please. In fact, maybe let me limo driver pick you up. And the two of you can have a long chat about chronic doses. Oh my god. He's just out of control. And just, you know, it kind of starts sailing right along. Oh, this is great. Get out of here. When one thing I don't like on this show is chronicosis man. I don't want no chronic. It's the kissadeth. I don't want to hear no talk show where you have the same goddamn half dozen people every day who have nothing to say. The same old people like old Bonnie from candle. Now Bonnie's bringing in the family. The got some of his bus has moving down here so she can line up the verbal artillery down there. And then it was sandy and Bobby and this one and now all these front running phony's who are looking your ass one day and then all of a sudden the next day before even washing it off they're looking somebody else's. I think that's disgusting, rotesk and certainly hazardous to your health. 1232, see it's not 1232. I just do that time to see if you'd react. It is somewhere like probably out in the middle of the ocean. It's 1232. Maybe in the Bahamas Mon, maybe in Brazil. You know what I haven't played in a long time and I'm just dying for it right now. Like time Hopkins would say I'm really horny for it right now. Where the hell is it? Played a little clip from it but I haven't played the whole uh like I said anytime I'm looking for something for get it. You know it's gonna be gone. Although in this particular case I just happen to uh finger it right now. Hey Can you imagine the Andres Cater and managed together that would be a broadcast man you'd have to get new speakers after every game I quite into you that 1133 a WIOD 16 WIOD delivering daily without boarding sickness. I need help. We need some help. I need help. We need some help. This is Rush Limbaugh, servant of humanity, talk show host, hemorrhoid suffer. Folks with over 300 pounds I know the agony of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen I'm here to tell you there's help with new preparation Rush and my rush to excellent repositories. Now you can end the pain and itching of hemorrhoid will teach you just with my picture on the box of repositories and the applicator tube. The other fine products from OIB the obesity and broadcasting network. All right okay 1137 a WIOD on an ass kicking a Wednesday somebody's getting a kick somewhere I guarantee of that. How about those dolphins huh? All right let's wagon. You know this we haven't had one call but we had one call about Rodden and Rodden. Thank you so much your sure sir for making me feel like I didn't waste a half an hour one call and then the thing about the the shuffling off to wherever they're shuffling oh there's shuffling their feet maybe they learn that from Olihency and pop at O Park. Sorry Oliye just did joke as he signals on which horse is going to win the race. Right fat rich ride at a boy richy you're so full of it man it's coming out your nose and I just don't understand I told you that they wouldn't respond to that I mean forget about the guys holding hands in a hotel they won't talk about that they don't want to think about it but the fact that these uh and why is it that only black players are allowed to do that is that just come natural that the step and fetch it routine and all that givers crap and then getting down kneeling in the end zone and uh doing all that stuff is that is that a black thing did Alex Haley write about that so you don't want to say it either but we're gonna say well it would work too well I don't I don't know but why do they want to that's my point I don't understand it because everybody else is laughing at that just like when people are illiterate and can't express themselves people don't respect that they frown upon it and nobody wants to get that message across it's kind of like you know this is the way things are supposed to be by design and it's uh said that nobody you know and uh I'm telling you it's just and the same thing with Frank Cost to get an nail for losing that game the other day not that I want to rehash the fact that Nebraska beat Miami New Orange ball but what is that because he's Italian do we have some kind of an I'm gonna call you out Italian definitely right now I'm gonna get on the phone right now the same people who were very very right in protesting against the godfather I remember when Joe dodgyola who grew up on day go hell can I say that in St. Louis with Yogi Burra he did that's what they called a day go hell in St. Louis all the Italian all the telena are the Italians live there all the Luxion and uh as in Luxion Colette's noodle pudding see you're learning what what what what what what what an education you get from this show what a tremendously educational show this is in fact probably it's too good to be on PBS and New Gingrich agrees what a little fat what a hypocritical little fat faced slime ball oh CBS was so on professional just because he never responded the fact never denied that he told to his mother that that uh what's your name Hillary is a bitch what's your post she's a bit of course she is here's a mobile and stored hello pretty good it's good to talk to you this came over the Tampa area all I gotta say is the start taking issue in Paul say are going down baby are they really oh my god yeah so it's was over there for vacation over New years they said that they sounded comatose oh it's it's terrible I'm sounding like the pulse now put him in the emergency room right now another thing I'm not gonna also I'd look at for it to the uh yeah last it or I talked to last of he said they were kicking yeah I'm looking forward to football this weekend but I've got to say as long as Wilmic down is around a miracle will never be beautiful okay thank you and he's got I can you see Wilmic Dunna and uh and Wayne Huzingi together again the crater pie it's uh 1140 yet uh at uh around and around and about here's sunrise hello say Neil yes sir are you doing alright you said listen around and run like I got a backstab this morning and yeah it's quick to do you know it must you must be bleeding and then they rubbed the salt in the womb by putting that podcast on over on it's really that's really rubbing it I can scrape stuff from underneath the refrigerator it sounds better than he does I hope they really do not think that's gonna help their rating than he they they they're not gonna have any so they won't have to worry about it they won't have ratings I mean he's got off on his friend there uh Ron Bruer there what a waste of airtime that is yep so you know I'm listening to uh reconcers over time now alright now we're talking now we bring the people back to AM where uh the real crap is going on yeah no and I can pick you up everywhere I'm sorry about uh finding the station for running around anymore exactly so uh I just like to say both taxors do you pack okay thank you let's do my job open line of proud see buddy but you're not fooling anybody you're about as credible as Jay Barker I wouldn't be surprised if the two of them are doing it open line and Broward 524Wild one out but I sure hope not one on the green line one I uh oh I'm sorry 9463 on the green line if you're in a bokeh del Rey just pick up the photo down 9463 and Georgia Lancerett no problem here's Miami on the purple line hello yeah yes sir oh no yeah this uh to you first fall I want to thank you for the city you were grabbed my daughter which oh the one I signed yeah yeah when you signed uh and did you see that magazine that brought in about boss Vegas when did you bring that the same day I dropped off the magazine uh boss Vegas five oh yeah that's right well that's uh a while ago yeah oh it's about a week and a half ago right that to me that's a long time ago yeah yeah when you're old in senile man when you're old in the feed royal but just uh that article about the waiting's over yeah can you imagine one hotel employing 12 thousand I understand but I don't see it's too depressing it's only the fourth of the year we don't want to have to go through this whole thing again about how uh you know our cake this place is and the fact that we live in the dead estate in America because it's it's true but it's very depressing it's morbid yeah it's all we all we have to say is Florida sucks there you go two words some at all we had a great time out there we were out there for about five days and uh have a great time I want to get you to you have to have a great time in Vegas if you're not you have to have your pulse taken if you go there don't have a great time you have to be a deadhead you have to be a moron and we don't gamble my wife and I don't have to gamble no it's fantastic that's right and uh the triple cheese is cheaper than taking the cruise right oh please don't you know you're really getting me going gambling and cruising imagine's a both on the same day don't do it pal but we did find a fabulous Chinese restaurant after our shopping center of all places really yeah what's it called uh change of uh Las Vegas yeah uh the uh the shrimp were fresh there's a common they have a tank right there a jumbo you know giant shrimp and so we ordered shrimp Malos Chinese shrimp I think is the operative we're always yeah and then uh uh they had a fish tank there where they caught the live fish also in case you ordered a fresh fish beauty I'll market on my list on shinlers list yeah well have a great day paly okay you sure in front of me but there's another guy just had a great time in Vegas we don't want to have that here we don't want to evil of gambling here God forbid by the way see a pop at a park tonight oh sorry we don't want no gambling in this town do we no way Jose or Eva or Esther we don't want no gambling here because that would bring in lots of crime thank God we live in a community where everybody can be safe if they pat locked the door and never leave the house maybe maybe let's go to a Miami Buenos dias hey Rob how you do it Rob yeah yeah all right Rob say job take a break from doing that great piano so it's a first out well it's not a first out sorry about that I thought it was a first out anyway yeah what is that okay I know you want me to get the card out didn't want to do it I didn't want to do it like Al Jolson said you made do it and I do it where the hell is that card now see that's the problem you start looking for those damn cards that you can't find out okay I'll think we got a little bit more compression go to you with a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a graveler I got five spare hey 75 degrees and a magic city hey we've run cast in life hold on a second let me stop that over 75 degrees and a magic city hills you're a great song oh come on down with it we're gonna get down to that we don't get grouly it's the right time hopefully hell I'm talking about I still I'm just amazed at that that couldn't have happened twice yeah I hope that Phil Henry's listed right now you talk about a blind talk up man no timing no you know see that's the old trick I mean you know getting in fact that's what really pissed me off is when he used to start putting the times of the musical intros on the cart I mean anybody can look at a timer into a talk up what kind of town does that take the kind of town that you find on FM that's the kind none bunch of voices all so much a kid carries all sound the same man no talent no personality no not nothing we have an open line in date 75 I'm sorry 9463 and what on a green line in 9463 here's a lady in key largo hello he logo I've been waiting so long I'm almost in for the city I'm on the stretch all right you're making progress you're almost heading towards civilization and if you keep going a few hundred miles you'll make it I know you know several times I've ever called you why not I just we know I think it's because you get so used to hearing you all the time yeah and I know I got this mobile but I never call but the thoughts that bell sounds is gonna pull out all of a sudden this morning I'm in a feeding frenzy it is scary when you feel that they're gonna pull out that's right you know can I say something about the Miami doll you can say whatever you like this is America until Congress convenes today you can say whatever you like I think they're playing great ball and I just can't wait for the day when Jimmy Johnson coaches the team oh right so I didn't wait for three years yeah I keep thinking when's it gonna happen here's another vote against rain stem shoo like I can't believe it I've been that way for four years but nobody wants to hear me yeah you know up until a year ago when you said that it was like they were gonna dump my own more teaming on my head but now people are willing to listen now they're willing out there all uh Johnson for it yeah yeah I can't I just really run Eric since through the ring are here please go right ahead I think at the team now about before you go into that and well maybe that's what you're gonna talk about are you gonna respond to what I said about the Javasd Turkey's out there in the field I can like a bunch of assholes no why not you don't you know because I don't think that's the issue the issue in the area I didn't see whether it's the issue but you certainly must have a feeling about that that you probably do not wish to articulate that so yeah you want to do that play great ball I'm saying more power to it oh I don't agree but it is time to shut it it's time to shut it down and get down to the game you can have what do you want to do what does that mean they lie it's a college football team they lost the couple of games I mean do they have to win every week but that's not the issue do they have to win every week to get a few fans to show up yeah what is it what is it what is his story be sad he drinks too much milk what is the problem with that he's already isn't okay go go when when a team when a bunch of young men who are playing trying to play their hard out anyway I don't think you like his I don't think you like his kids complexion that's the problem his son's got that crater face too I don't know I never thought about that but I've never thought about was that his son that's not his son Craig Erickson that's not Dennis Erickson's son I don't know about Craig Erickson I don't think so he's got a kid that plays football that wasn't his son wasn't George I'm listening but I'm interspersing some interesting stuff and with the two go ahead well my problem with Erickson is that these guys are like a little more than halfway through the season yeah he starts talking about entertaining other coaching jobs yeah what kind of way is that to act what do you mean they're having when you win a minute when he's you're a minute when did he say that when did he say that when the how did he say that what about a month or so or a month and a half ago he was looking around he didn't say that a new year he didn't say I heard him saying during the season he said it and walk away well well we'll pack a masonry genoclasm milk I think so Jimmy Johnson back at um yeah well no I don't know who's gonna coach you am in the end but the defensive coach I think does a fine job he'd make a good hit coach okay let's bring Garnt's barger in the coach you have it let's bring in let's bring in Joe paterno let's bring big up what he he would never find him he would never fly he would never fly because he's afraid him and Jim John Madden they would never fly it on here either one of them they're scared crap looks a flying have a great day you too come down hey listen one of your attention in closing yes this is like a bushlink town for radio there's nothing I mean your stations out there and there's nothing to look at that's right this is the only radio station in the market how prism I always knew you knew what you were talking about and sput about that crap about dentists erics and but the fact is that this is the only radio station in this town that anybody should be listening to and as you drive around seriously is your on the road right now look around you and I do this every day ask yourself as you see these bizarre people in these cars in front of you behind you next to you on top of you with this person be listening to Wiod and you know beyond a shadow about the answer is no way Jose probably not we got airbie geek airbie illegal alien airbie old fossil airbie no speak at the English we don't got nobody at that we'd have an 80 shearif this we're like a real place well okay well I don't know maybe there's a Spanish station out there that's really good but I wouldn't know I don't understand the language I'm real anglo yeah I wouldn't get that at all but so we can look there is a good to Spanish station out there I would know about it yeah well how about that how about the what is 6.7 how about how about a radio and romance radio and romance they play the weasemaghe all of you we're got a lot of patience looking on it oh give me a little squeeze for me oh I like to use it got you someone to stand with the actors that's okay if they say it the right way if they get that tongue in a right position that's all it counts every day like that don't you ask the cameo of it is I sure do or I may be fine get my tongue in a right position right Louise right yes we have an open line on the Starline use it or lose it baby use that Starline if if the people at Bell South mobility perceive that that line is dead for more than like five seconds they're yanking it right away in the line too I don't want to start playing butch boss Diana it's 1150 a WIOD 610 WIOD for better reception take off your clothes and raise your antenna not to be out done by the mad dog the coach released an album of his own a collection of hand tissue sung by the coach himself because you will see one five day you look at me you've got to know what's out what's it what's it what's it what's it what's it what's it you're gonna want me oh you did ve's sounds tra- The white top bell forever She's in love with me I feel fine Ever a change of taste The coach is all fine Favorite my GALA's Red Hot You're GALA due to Squat Well my GALA's Red Hot But you're GALA due to Squat If she got my money, now she's really got a lot Good, well he's so fine So back You were the same I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy I'm so happy Yeah, we need some help We need some help 155 WIDD There's BrainStam Shula Singh's My favorite Let's go to North Lauderdale Hello Hi Neil Yes sir In the end zone right I don't know if anyone called in about this After the Detroit game I'm a season ticket holder And a bunch of players gathered at mid-seal For the kneeling down and the prayer Really Do you know who was involved in that? You mean dolphin players? Yeah, I don't think Not just dolphin players Dolphin Denny Dolphin Denny was involved in that Yes, he's down there at mid-seal on his knees He got a prayer You're into that He was on his knees He's a dolphin Dolphin And in closing I have a comment to a new King Rich Yes, listening Our black brothers have a very clear definition about something Our black brothers say that a hoe Is someone that will do Everybody A bitch is someone that will do Everybody but you Smelly bitch Okay Have a nice day That was Harry Smith calling in by the way from CBS this morning We have an open line in Broward 9463 and one on the star line at star iod Yeah, and of course Like I said, it doesn't delight he's a foul mouth Duplicitist Wife stabbing I mean, oh man, she's done a cancer in a hospital Come on honey sign on this Divorce release here Let me out of here so I can go get a good piece I mean, so I can get out of here now Come on, so I can go be a hot shot Dot the eye And then maybe they're in a feeding frenzy They got newtitis I mean, Bob Dolph is boring as he always was But they've got an obsession with this fat part They're just a fat-faced piece of turd Here's a Davy, hello Davy Hey, doing Neil Okay First time calling man, I've listened to you a long time I usually work in during the week I don't get a chance to call you And you're off? Yeah, it was off yesterday too Listen to y'all the yesterday Did you get a chance to see Hank Goldberg They had him on, they were showing him on TV this morning Really? Yeah, you were sound a little bit depressed Now I think I know the reason why He was talking to some people I guess he was this radio show But they had a camera on him or whatever Are you serial? Yeah, yeah And now I know why he does radio But that was funny That was Hank Yeah, and he was talking about the show-booting and stuff And they were talking about, well, people were calling up You know, saying they ought to get airs down there And he was saying that the show-booting is nothing That's part of the game It should be a lot of... It was not part of the game How come, how come it is that the white guys don't do that And for the black guys got like a separate set of rules And unless they were allowed to show-boat And that's like a bunch of Javas, turkeys Then suddenly somebody's stepping on their fun Now I will say this All these unsportsmen like penalty calls on the spike in the ball Or excessive celebration I think that's a bunch of crap Whether they're white black or both or a little bit of each But as far as all this, you know what I'm talking about The shuffling and jive and all Oh man, that's just pathetic It's a... It's a... It's embarrassing Well what he was saying is that it was all right when Johnson was there And he were winning But now that they're not going on this... Well, you know something I hate to break the news The Hank, go in Johnson was there and they put on that thug routine And they wore those fatigues and they went out there with the fiesta ball And they got their ass kicked by Penn State and the fiesta ball People were bitching and groaning and moaning about it Then too So he's got a short memory in his usual He just as an ass kisser That's Hank the biggest ass kisser in town He must have a tongue as big as his pussy Yeah, he was pretty much crossing it the mouth too Because everyone was... I mean he really looked like a rabbit dog He was going up on the... There he go So, this one I want to let you know about that I started this morning And so you got a great show I want to call a couple guys a douchebag Yes sir I'll tell John and Keith your bunch of Don Shua Loving douchebag Okay They were great day, pal Open line in Broward 5249463 One on a purple line One on the Starline Starline Don't tell me that's disconnected Now bell soft mobility You better get on that baby Because like I said I give them the Yemma's man I told him they better use it or they lose it Like many other things in life Use that Starline Fondal of Corresid love it Because they're going to yank that on us any second