Music Use Togget Entertainment Radio 6-10 WIOD presents the Neal Roger Show To talk with Neal call 75-1 WIOD in date 5-2-4 WIOD in Broward Outside the 305 area code, it's toll-free 1-800-9-4-4 WIOD And so you know one customer is called Pound IOD at No Charge Now the Neal Roger Show on News talking Entertainment Radio 6-10 WIOD 5-2-4-4-4 WIOD Hi, this is Aaron Summers, and today on Passion Phone I want to know if you think Phil Henry is an asshole Europe, I want to know from you today on Passion Phone Now let me give you the phone numbers, okay? Date 75-1 WIOD Rowered 5-2-4 WIOD Outside in Tampa or Lando Jacksonville, Fort Walton Beach, Bogellusa On outside Atlanta, in the Carniers area, 1-800-944-9463 I want to know, do you think Phil Henry is an asshole I want you to go back into your experience, I really want you people to tell me I want you to open up with me tonight, let's talk a little bit about them We're all friends here, is Phil Henry an asshole Okay, alright, let's go to a phone call or two here Got a mine, uh, here's Jeff and Miami, hi Jeff Hi, Aaron How are you? I just have one comment to make, and that is, uh, you just lost the listener you pass a hole Okay, I got you down, I got you down, let's go ahead of Miami Got him down for asshole That's a wall Hi How are you doing? What are you doing, Peter? I'm doing Phil, what's Phil pulling? I mean, what if I told him his mother was dying and just thinking out the joint Okay, don't get out the joint I'll mark you down I'll mark you down Hi, we got down two asshole, it's Phil Henry an asshole I'm Aaron, sorry Here's Fort Lauderedia, Lisa, hi Hi Aaron How are you? Pretty good, and you? I'm good, I'm beginning to hyperventilate Oh great A lot of times when you expel too much oxygen And you take him too much carbon dioxide It out Lots of air for my eyes Climb Yeah, hi I think so, not enough, but it's listener's eyes Okay, I got you down, his listeners are a pack of asshole I got you down I'd love to get you down Okay Aaron Summers It's Phil Henry an asshole Here's Miami, it's Tim, hi Tim I'm the fashion club Hey, I just glove if you are, are you working? Thank you Hey, Aaron Let's see I think he's more an effective mark An effective smurf With that being asshole, is that right? If you were to put effective smurf on a scale of 110 If an asshole Well, it isn't asshole, I got you down Okay, killer, we don't want to kill it for tomorrow We're going to hear the best of Phil tomorrow That'll then be on it Right, what time, five o'clock? Five PM tomorrow From yesterday, one of the great hours in the history of broadcasting For all this past eleven months I've been telling all these people Phil Henry, one of the radio geniuses And history of the industry And now we don't understand it's a pondress We don't homerde it is right This man is absolutely unbelievable He is And he sure does a great errand Summers Okay, let's go to our thing here We got Rosa standing by by the way We're keeping our finger on it And by the way, the bad news is that if Rosa should be going Like it about 12.55 Too bad El Presidentette is doing a good news conference Today at 12.55 Or want to clock us up And so they're dumping out of Rosa for a few minutes Something that he's got Who the hell does he think he is? Here's Papar O'Beat, hello And I would say he's got the same credibility that she does Hello Papar O'Beat? Yes sir? Oh, hello, congratulations And back to you Let me thank you Did you happen to catch good events? I was there in the analysis Red of On Dijk, I didn't see her yesterday She said that She was hoping with Eva von Braun She said she was eating Chris on these lunch She was making a full lot of them Chris died Who's that? How could it help? I don't know what's making a full lot of everybody else said They made her look like a clown Like a circus clown Her circus clown Her circus clown She's eating his lunch Oh my god I'm believe this bitch O'Jay could get up right and I'm telling you she is so I guess she's being paid just to do a purpose I'm pissed off He could stand right up in court with a straight look on his face and say A kill in the cold And she'd say boys, he got a sense of humor or what And what about the seven hours Chris should have said Rosa You mean to tell me for seven hours all he did was keep saying Tell the truth Tell the truth I don't know Seven hours? Yeah What other thing? Incredibly yes If I may Yes, you know your friend from Canada who calls you all the time Yes, I do I think you're missing something there It's not the birdstander You should have him on every day As why don't you go back to Canada you two bastard Okay And have a crossfire type thing on a different subject every day for five minutes We'll work on it It would be great See ya Okay Bye We got it down We have an open line at Broward 5249463 Don't forget our DFO We have a clock to that on Sports Talk in the second hour of power Shower power with Greg Lucenus on tape by the way There will be no live questions on the phone Here is the Fort Lauderdale on the Purple Line Hello Yes I am Good afternoon When is Tardis? Hey I'm wondering when your listeners are going to realize that Talk radio is like the WWF They don't get it I don't like that old guy that called me about 10 to 10 to no It was like well what's this? Are you leaving? I keep hearing my wife and I What is that? How many did you have to draw them a diaphragm? Well you have to change the pens at least They just don't get it Also secondly I think it has been an interesting 19 years And I'll miss it badly I just wanted to say that it's about time That wanedig deep into the craters of its face To pull out some cash to get some offence for that panther Oh please Please He probably got plenty of cash I'm not saying it again That kid Rob Goodroy you'll see him once The idea for Otto again is kids been playing real good It would have cost us pocket change for him he was available in a Wavord draft and he wasn't protected by San Jose And his kids are real player and he's a fast skater And he can stick it in there in the puck too And we didn't want him I mean I just don't get it I'm missing something Well they need a total package player Somebody that could really score and that could hit And break some teeth There you go We want some agai who can really score Thanks a lot, Pally Have a nice weekend We have an open line on a purple line Pound IOD And they're like addressing the judge right now They're addressing them, they're standing right there Johnny's Conquin There's Chris Darden and there's some other guy who's the Always net the guy who's one of the attorneys And she's got two of them by the way now Rosa She's got two attorneys She's got this guy next She's got that hamburger bitch Marilyn Hamburger And Hamilton Burger I guess you watch too much curry Mason I think we're breaking up with this The only is handing out a bunch of pages here Which is people signing up for the judges out of biography For some personally signed autograph Copys, that'll be nice Are they honest thingy at or what? How do you like one there's that Greta von Brown Again in the bottom right hand corner on CNN Got somebody out of just a bitch slap that piece of crap I almost said the seaword right there Hasn't seen you next time Greta 1213 at WIOD No rap, no hard rock No wimpy elevator music Because we got better things to do than play the same old songs Over and over WIOD Maybe you melt my jockey shorts Here's my story set by true About a girl called Siffle and so I think we'd had a fucking round and round Give it to every guy in town Oh my god Hey Oh Oh Hey Oh Oh Oh La la la la Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I should've known it from the spot on the left I didn't know where the url there would be I bought a bowl always be with you So stay away from a syphilis too And it took a cause I should've seen our sights Just build the scent of a friend of mine You got to think that now I've got to do So keep away from a syphilis too Yeah Keep away from that girl Hope that I'll see you live well tonight Keep away from too She likes to sleep around Yeah It's dinner with my best at home We didn't get a sign of to come Now I'm afraid of falling off Here's the moral of the story from a guy who knows Use the home, where there's fungots, girls And scanning for all that she ever knew A keep away from a syphilis too Yeah Keep away from that girl We'll be back with a couple of interesting facts And here's the 1217 at WOD By the way, for your time watching this group The replay tapes Anyway, here's a facts from Chris And for a lot of the ill abused youths you see this It's a beautiful thing He's got the band symbol over a frog This isn't just your ordinary frog It's a frog squatting with big goofy eyes And it's got like a little beret on it said It's got like a little French beret Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Also, here's a facts from all the chronics They're getting in here today Yes, I got your anniversary card Alberto, thank you so much in get a life Here's Roland, another one who needs a life And it says from watching the game life Tonight the maple leaves terribly miss window Clark, they look slow on motivated It's set of events so on, yeah That's right, they stink and the no argument Now here's a fact This is the kind of facts that really gets to me Okay, especially the timing of it is great What time was this sent? It was sent at 1025 Almost as soon as I came in this morning I made my girlfriend's to We got you down I was talking about that And then we just got through playing about five minutes A Phil show from there And then it says, Neo, why haven't you mentioned Yesterday's Phil Henry show which happened to be the greatest radio show in history Isn't that what I just said in the played five minutes Which I've never played five minutes of anybody else's show It was the two o'clock hour in his passion phone His Phil Henry asshole Phil God, I went my pants I just got through playing it man And saying it and doing it and I agreed I've been saying that for the last eleven months Yeah, but wait a second And now they're starting to catch on They're a little slow But we do got you down Here's what is that? All the finger man, yes sir Where is he? Where is he? Hello Hello Hello He is a news Yes I call you for to congratulate for your nineteen years in detail Thanks I know you're to blame myself for being listening to the presentation for sure There you go What a bad mistake that was I changed to your education Around two years ago I had to thank you a lot because you helped me Together I was to close it Where my experience That I'm much better You're right I also thank you a lot I have to figure it out right I think you were a fraction one day I believed that you was going to quit But I found that it's not true And I am sure I'm happy to have you It's just a big yoke Yes, you were a bunch of big yoke But he knows you, that we tell you I had something to believe in I had to end and I said, oh my god What I do is I'll meet now Yeah I'm very figured it out No, yes I've been there now But don't mention anything like that I'll let that do that I'll not get that too deep again I get depressed when I hear about the figure I know Because I can't make a face when you are listening I was out of the cross and I feel free now Free Hello, Louie Thank you, Louie We're last I don't want to say I was to keep no me to stay him Take a personal Our station's hotline anchored program Okay, I'm glad I went to cover the faulty voice already I've heard of the sensitive remote And what? He begins on AP hotline And 21 minutes pass 21 minutes pass She's on here right now Talk it what that is wrong with him This AP man They stick the big one 60 seconds We don't need you guys Okay, we'll wait Here she is No, may we're quiet though No, may we're quiet though No, may we're quiet though I don't know Yes sir Yes sir I don't know But I'll tell you I don't need you I don't need you I don't need you I don't need you It's three minutes before 1920 And the other one over there Says 1920 You're on the interpreter Will make a request Would both counsel and witness The advantage to be swayed for interpretations If that girl on a, not the crap In other words In other words, custody's back to child I can only go so fast You can relate to that Your little lady, I jacked She said It's like 1917 The large clock Which is never so high Is that real fast? Do you want to see honey? I did it that time I was right there They're right at AP This is just a banana Now he's trying to get her to see if she can read Time first of all she doesn't wear a watch Most of the time But that night she happened to be And of course it was the interviewer She suggested they're just possibly They private dick Who suggested her that maybe it was around 10 15, 10, 20, 10, 40 Some time after 10 like between 10 o'clock And night in five o'clock in the morning That she saw the guy named Bronco park there Of course what's the little driver Picked him up and took him to the airport Guess what The Bronco was still there But don't confuse us with the fact It's a 10, 21, 10, 21 God this is a goddamn slow show And no homintosh in either 12, 21, a WIOD 6, 10, WIOD They're only good Canadians They're still in Montreal But if I am guilty Of anything It is of giving all that I have to have All that I have to give If my penis My butt hurts My lower torso Thighs And any other error That they wanted to help children all over the world A kill in the cold A kill in the cold This is a beer beer Correct Correct I think so Okay And you can see If you know You can see some type of arthritis condition And if you know This is a super cold glass of treatise condition Sometimes they sometimes see And the dog is allergies And the beer has allergies Yes, yes And the dog is always being taken to the better an area When I was playing 저� Roxas I was busy playing alone We've been to the dog with the dog Everybody knows when I play as a general man The具 my are where she is and the dog moving his area And a lot of workers where he is Someone comes to treat the dog That's why the water pilot has to hold it And someone comes fromerman He's been viewed just for 6 people It is because of the dog's age and medical problems that Mr. Salon has told you to never take the dog out to the street, correct? It's Dad who has the dog and the medical problems that the senior teacher told him to take the dog out to the street. Correct? Correct. I don't think so. I just don't think so. That's not why he's a director. Well, Mr. Salon, you did tell you not to take the dog to the street, correct? Well, Mr. Salon, you're saying that you don't take the dog to the street, correct? I don't think so. Okay. There are no sidewalks directly outside to Mr. Salon, just home, correct? No, I'm not. I want to present you to the house of the family of Salon, correct? No, no. I'm not. Are there sidewalks directly in front of the Salon, right? I'm in the front of the family of Salon, right? I'm going to the yard, sir. I'm going to the yard, sir. The yard is good, correct? Yes, correct? Can you say that I'm going nearby? Yes, sir. You didn't take the dog out to the street, correct? Mr. Salon, you're right, correct? I didn't take the dog out to the street, correct? Well, I'm not. You're talking to a dog out. When did you take the dog out? When did you take the dog out? to have a read something off the monitor, which is like two inches in front of her post, and she couldn't read it and everybody in the courtroom was given her their buy-focals, and she still couldn't read it. But she saw the Bronco, and she had a watch, and it said her one so on. And it was sometime between 10 o'clock and 5 o'clock in the next morning. Here's a lady in the hammocks, no less, hello. Leo. A lady in the hammocks? I'm not no lady in the hammocks. I'm not no lady in the hammocks. I'm not going to be a gentleman to run online. Hang on, like I said, here's a lady in the hammocks, hello. Hello, Neil. See, like I said, I can't see a damn thing. I don't know what was going on there. Neil, I'm Rosha out. Rosha? I don't know what to do. She's trapped in my house. I'm oozing. I have the chicken box. I don't know. Really? Yes, and I wanted to thank you. I congratulate you, of course, for your 19 years. I've been listening to you all week, and I have a shame, Mr. I say a box on, I'll Rosha as well. I also, my God, it's the worst. How could anybody, you know, Johnny Cockburn, all these guys, they're sitting there, of course, to get paid millions of dollars to put on a good post. But how could anybody believe this woman? She's like, it's like a comedy routine, even Lucille Ballas fitting in her grave. She looks like the crypt. I am, oh, she's scary. I think she might have been on Dork Shadows. I don't know what to do, Neil, because I'm trapped. I have nothing else. Nothing in my life except for you. Don't know what about me, honey. Am I having a new baby? Shocked liver? That's certainly not. But I'm not sure what to do. But I'm not sure what to do. But I'm not sure what to do. But I'm not sure what to do. But I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I'm not sure what to do. I have, but from where? You're not a yuppie, are you? Certainly not. Bistro Mesa Luna. And for Lodden Hill. Ronal Goldman. Bistro Mesa, oh, that's right. Mesa Luna. Look at how this ties in together. I don't know if I want to go there or not. I don't know. How trendy is that? Getting to the garlic mashed potatoes at Bistro Mesa Luna requires the dexterity and endurance of a steeple chase runner. There are obstacles to overcome. The rest rock. The rest rock is in a strip mall on 17th street causeway next to a do boys pizza and a dry cleaner. There is pretentious yet friendly valley parking. This by tons of open spots outside the nearby Walgreens. No reservations accepted meaning way to over now on Friday night. The weight staff don't sound regular but a can ignore first time dinners. And don't leave your glasses there. All we believe because the garlic smashy potatoes are so damn heavenly that repeat businesses assured. These potatoes are moist, fluffy saturated with garlic and drizzled with butter. They go well with everything from the yellow tail snapper to the grilled primary up chop. We've tasted no better mashed potatoes anywhere. How do you like that? Perfect. In fact, I think Henry Barrel once ate there. I have tasted just snapper. How do you like that? I like it. No, I bet. Neil, could you do me a big, big favor? Yeah, I think he is a small favor. Wow. Not a real big one, yeah. What is that? I need to hear the man that you do as to dry up my palks. The man that you do as the two things were easy and easy to solve. Oh, the man that's saying yeah. Yes, please. No problem. I love you. What do you know? Would you rather her man that sings? Would you rather her arosa? A great day. That's a close call. Thanks Neil. He loves you. Bye. Or just he'll. We have an open line in date. Seven five one. Pocks. The mad dog is out of control. And you'll find out why. When you hear the latest release from Blackfuster Entertainment, Jim Mandage sings duet. Well, I'll ride. Run around in three, well. All right. Here's a mad dog. Commend it. Sing classic rock. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Baby, it's all right. And now. All right. All right. All right. Bring it on. Man, it's just. All right. Crack! Round the line. One. One. Two. Four. One. One. Eight. One. Right. One. All right. All right. All right. Jim said he felt a little bit foolish. Oh I can't. I knew they could have horea. But now he says I like this. I don't like this. The man dog just can't kiss enough for that cottage cheese bar. If he wants for the thing, God plus America and Pace-Dee's in the G-Spring up here. I'll do it. You got to go! And everybody knows that is so rare! Whoa! So rare! Listen to the man dog, sing himself happy. I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud, I'm proud of you! Jim added things you asked. They're available now. It all blocks us. They're still in. Rosa has convenient left her buy-focused in the car in El Carro. And what the hell is that all about? I don't know! So now she, Efflee Bailey comes over with his buy-focused. He's getting my as well do something. He's just sitting there like a big guy damn lump because he ain't getting paid anyway. And now she's got, I can see it on the big thing over there. give me the pointer and give me this and she's kind of like Boston the whole guy dancing including the little a jab judge around too and it's getting out of control I think that what's your what's your name Greta von Brown is right Chris Darden he should not be doing this my still say Marsher Clark should be slicing this bitch in ass here's North by me be chill out happy nine team thank you so much couple of things yeah when I watch the hockey games every time they showed you know the camera goes to the bench is at a cardboard cutout of Roger Nielsen right here's the first guy realized that life is on a town his expression I've never seen this guy move once every time the camera goes the real Roger is on vacation I'm telling that that is a cardboard cutout yeah another thing you know if they want to solve this trial real quick they can do it with the dog you want to know why yeah the dog is in the key to write in the key to comes from Japan what is judge Edo oh there you go talk to the he can say speak you right they would find out exactly what happened the dog has to know and the dog only speaks Japanese dog will be on a stand Monday now another thing you want to get good pizza yeah he knows in the sky like more in the sky like more I'm telling you we love pizza and we can't find anything good I have to go to see you really guys to go in a sky like like you imagine all the blue hairs in there they said he'll set him up and they're trying to get him with our purse good pizza you're ready can squeeze through you should try it okay I'll go and I'll go and drag thank you thanks a lot open line in date seven five one here's another one by the way I just can't these there's four hundred and fifty pages of best restaurants and interesting enough four hundred and fifty yards I wonder if there's any connection with that best Italian restaurant expensive here's another one never heard of it primavera eight forty east Oakland Park Boulevard in for Loderdale a bastion of solid Italian cooking the pasta's our fresh and generally well cooked as is the fish the wine list is oh cares about the god damn wine list god I mean you know you can get the you can try the wine anywhere including up in the bathtub and at all guys house with Malcolm McDowell for a special evening you can't go wrong by coming here appetizers seven ninety five ninety five main courses thirteen ninety five like in pasta and twenty five ninety five for the loobster the primavera never heard of it here's a mobile in Miami hello you sir hey listen yeah you talk about buying in death bill Henry stuff the other day when you were out sick I was buying into your show I thought it was live for the longest time yeah and then you came on and you said something about that freedom from relic from religion yeah whatever you were doing a tiradette and you said well maybe the next day I'll bring in the information I never I never did by the way well and I'm thinking it's the next day's gonna be tomorrow and then I find out it's a prerequisite could you bring that in it sometime it sounds like a fascinating thing I don't have it I looked at home to see if I have any of their stuff it's called the it's in Madison Wisconsin okay so anybody wants to call maybe they can get us that info like call info information or something get a phone number and address when I get freedom from religion foundation Madison Wisconsin okay when I get the office I'll do it and call you back okay thanks thank's grassy us we have an open line in date seven five one w i would eat how's rosette doing beat for itself at this point sit on Johnny you're dead meat baby sit on half my mom and she'll sit on and shut up of you face oh he said let's take a moment because he has got a break thank you very much Chris like I said you don't a masterful job 1236 a w i o d and w i o d the only appliance you own that talks back it's right there you best okay 21 till one a w i do I think they had to get that bit your glasses here's a lady in Wellington hello hi Neil how you doing happy anniversary thank you I have to say it's my one year anniversary of listening to you are you cereal I'm cereal and I'm very appreciative that's just for us very much that was great I was sweet I think I'm the only woman in Wellington that calls you I call you every couple of weeks and don't let the word get out I won't but I I am trying to convert everybody that I talk to and as soon as you say my name they say well I just want to say shame on all the women out there that listen and you know you have many that do and don't call because they say they're afraid of you isn't I pathetic you have net you have been nothing but a gentleman whenever I call there you go and I hope to meet you I'm going to the last talkie game of the season against the rangers yeah and maybe if you know they don't bore you too much I'll see you at that game well I'll be there I'm always there when loser dry or even if I take a good nap you know can't be dead section 125 right great also I'm just curious have you ever like bumped into Aaron since he's been on the air I have not she came that first day I mean she came in that first day and in fact I don't think was the day she started it was like just before she started and I gave her a big welcome and a send off we were playing her her phoneied up audition tapes that she sent down here and that was it that's the last time that I saw her and her gigantic ass yeah also I'm I'm doing it to where she'll no not at all not at all you're not missing my husband he listened to he listens to a few minutes every night on his way home and because he can't take it for more than a minute and a half because it is just like it's just like Phil Henry show yesterday I mean she cuts everybody off and it was just you know he says he's terminal yeah but let me say something first let me say something yeah that was the best hour of the night incredible it was great it'll be on again tomorrow between five and six we ought to get an 90 share with that I will be listening and one last thing Neil see any of your Spanish speaking listeners I'm wondering if the translator is really any good because I'm a news here in what's calm last night they had some translation expert and they said that she is totally botching up the translation really yeah something I don't understand and that is I'm because I was watching it during the break here every time Chris Darden asked a question and they come back and she starts interpreting it she starts at a vinyl and then she goes on and repeats it I don't what does that mean because Rosa saying well no no she she's not interpreting her answer she's interpreting his question he's not saying well she just starts every sentence with a sloppy but she's getting a gist right not repeating now yeah he knows not you know have a great week and back to you okay there's a lady from Wellington we also had a lady from what was the other place before that I couldn't even believe that we never had uh... always it began with an age who's with an age hammocks the hand hop we never had a call from the hammocks before well we're making some real progress now man we're building in one of the time best fed restaurant according to the readers of it not the readers according to the editors of excess the uppies california pizza kitchen and uh... for a lot of dayl in bokeh et cetera it is to classic pizza what denies is to breakfast you've had better but the convenience can be intoxicating what does that mean by convenience I thought they had like long lines here that you had a wait forever for eighty five thousand yuppies online who are practicing for later in life down here they'll be wonderful at the rascal house here's uh... peberg pine hello hey palic yes sir how you don't great that's one as you question uh... on that tape of jim mandage when he says uh... aware of the peace in a g string if you want me to you talk about we in a thing of course all right that's the guy he's pulling all the strings baby all the g strings yeah yeah that's a lot of the media you'd like to hear okay i was in a parking lot of of public son i had a fantastic yeah and i pulled out and i was driving through the aisle there's a big link in town car stick and halfway out all right yeah and there was a deal metro in the same spot facing another car in the opposite you're trapped in there i love it trapped by a jookin who i can't believe on unbelievable congratulations thank you so much first time calling one time listener well it's about time i want you to play the bridge tender thank you okay all right see you we have an open line in date i will play it someday open line in date 75 one one in bowered five two four and the passion lines of course and one eight hundred nine four four nine four six three how's arosa doing what's the say that show correcto correcto i mean courting of the courting of my court answer you didn't want the person outside to see you correct you didn't want the court that was outside the right no sir no sir correcto the correcto correcto correcto that or you afraid that that person might harm you that person realize that you were there you mean you just a person to let you go to the world you said that person has been told that you were there and you don't know what i mean that's right no sir that okay if you call the police you're not sir what for correcto correcto what i was frightened but well and this person wasn't supposed to be on the property well look at the California senator Ben night horse Campbell switches parties what do i say California said Colorado giving the GOP a 54 to 46 age in the senate what would everybody's becoming a republican now they put a gun to his head and they said either your signature or your brains will be on a plate and he said it'll still be empty in either case on freaking believable okay let's go to a hell and they'll on a purple line hello hello yes how's hell and they all how and they all y'all right by the time you guys got to me i'm in waspoma ready thank god thank you so much you know i felt like we're a little right that first day the second day i say the first day i i i kind of figured it out but the second day after you went there uh she is yet he's scared for it not only is he a genius but he's also the luckyest man ever seen in my life he just fell into a bucket of stuff there that second day when i got you know i was i was getting ready to come to work and i took those goddamn zinc tablets and i'm puking all over the place and he just looked into a whole deal there beautiful i'm taking along to the track great listen i want to say something to somebody who's listening to me right now is very important person to me okay can i just mind who is he? mark genital fact this is what we call him i mean he's a i don't want to say he's last name but i just want to tell him that we're in his area we stole the lot of machines and we're taking all his money okay i'm out of doubt open line in day george is a non-plus to say the best open line in day 751 purple pound line in pound i od and one in brown this is our biggest law of the day so far and probably cause arrosan i look at a CNN's going to commercial breaks so here you are here's a little piece of the inside that you will get on see i always turn it on sir she always turns it on the water pick i think arrosan's got a water pick and so even though you were very frightened that night it's just that as you know the thing that you used to you used to have a lot of miedo that night you turned off the burglar alarm you used to be a pago the alarm of the security bar you left the house with the security bars salio de la casa you just stay i finished a question you want to get these things you need to go you need to see week one at a time darn okay drama diaphragm will you twelve forty eight and w i o d ten w i o d if you're old, gray and wrinkled too bad for you hey i don't put the panthers are ready when the hell those are base policies i'll begin anyway you believe what would you like for your birthday my own lilyville slugger break it if you're kid likes eight hundred dollar business suits expensive cigars and would rather bet on his little leg games than play you know we're proud to introduce the official nineteen ninety four baseball strike trading cards yes each card features an action photo of a sleazy power attorney who helped bring America's pastime to a screeching hall wow damn remember this guy dick rabbit he really played hardball behind closed doors and he's wearing in our money the backs of the cards give stats to here's a scumbag is batting over six hundred in favorable court siliments i know it says he shut down an airline i school system two city governments and now baseball collect all fifty owner and player rep cards frame them trade them or flesh them down the toilet like they did the baseball season okay billy time for bed don't try it dad i'll slap it in junction on you so fast it'll take the shine up those cheap lovers you're wearing the nineteen ninety four baseball strike trading cards it sports in the nineties about fifty two wog i think we had just a momentary loller and i think the reason to be in it it's almost one o'clock and the baseball game is almost getting underway baby don't forget uh better tune over right now because joe angel and davle brine are gonna be doing i wonder if he'll do some of that today and do a little of his own ball game they're gonna be doing the replacement players pretending that there's a real marlins and the real astros and it's gonna be a real lush it's gonna be a shamman even book shambi is upset about this piece so uh don't miss that whatever you do they ought to have to have their expecting thirteen other people today should be phenomenal i can't imagine why anybody anybody would pay a dime to go see that i think that everybody who shows up at those games should be shot immediately first in the leg is kind of a gentle warning so anyway i'm looking through the uh things here the categories i did find what i was looking for and here's the best steakhouse i'll give you eighty five guesses who it might be shoulless steakhouse legendary mommy dolphins coach done shoulless made a name for himself off the field with shoulless steakhouse say yaddi yaddi yaddi yaddi how specially 28 ounce primary would sauteed mushrooms and onions twenty three ninety five and you know what all that meat tends to do gigantic amounts of meat clogs the arteries and gets to the brain that's what it does you want to put all the hinders you can't think straight you can't see straight need some help we need some help so that explains it too much uh and that's why he's got that gigantic puppet too and how about that great tight end Randall Hill default what is that man talking about here's poppin o hello yes on the hill uh my buddy uh has horses uh uh with neppo a tonne o junior yes at poppin o right and they went up to the metal ends and he's racing up there tonight in one of the races in a couple of races one from the metal ends one from uh yankers yeah and uh the night on satellite there i pick you up on top of it's another horses is jet center right exactly play by the rules table right uh yeah they're going up uh to watch I I wonder the tell you what's the one I can pick you up when you're on uh popping o on the satellite is yeah and I picked I pick you up that night that you gave out uh a whole bunch of winners the nineteen dollar horse right ten ten winners right you are unbelievable at that I guess what I'm not doing it anymore sir oh you're not not doing it any more because the drivers have very thin skin very upset they didn't like my comments and the so I said you know uh screw you guys but normally you can't pick that up on satellite no it's supposed to be scrambled they probably forgot can't just ask give my panda plugs but tonight go ahead sir I saturday night at talk to field good to the regulators thanks a lot okay I'll punch your brains out open line of dates and brought i mean whatever it had places five two four nine four six three I do notice by the way since excess uh which is I guess it's mainly more of a browwriting than a date isn't it yeah new times is more of a date one and excess more of browwriting but on the last day do cover both date and browwriting here the all the categories but more of their selections on restaurants are in browwriting and rightfully so because most of the good restaurants in town are in browwrit making no more to take about that here's the north mommy beach on a date on a browwrit line hello okay like I said there's an asshole on a browwrit line wasting a lot of somebody's money two open lines in browwrit five two four nine four six three see what I'm saying the baseball game is coming on out it's not Rosa Lopez oh and that's right they're gone CNN has still got it on there but AP radio is crap it out because I'll present it they who also has a bad memory and keeps swanful on all of the place like her he's doing a press conference so AP radio is crap dot on us so a two bad for us now we're really between a baseball game and Rosa on CNN we're done we're finished here's uh Miami hello hello yes sir Neil see uh I don't think miss Rosa no mask Lopez needs interpreter yeah because uh when she started out you know the if he were to yeah they're telling you're liars you would answer back up what do you mean I'm like I mean uh uh yeah well they showed that interview that TV interview I mentioned this before and a very first interview she did the guy was talking only in English from one of the commercial stations in LA and she understood every word and she was responding you know a little broken English but you know you could understand it and then she started the thing with the voices she heard voices that he said oh she never said no voice she bad noises noises she is the biggest piece of crap I have ever seen in my life no boy also uh happy anniversary thank you so much and every everybody had a pill which is you are good uh next five years and here's uh for them and also uh in closing they are over her miss Rosa talking to the interpreter and she said uh C O J no my door Nicole for the people put them up okay see yeah we have an open line it did seven five one pey-hole seven five one WI would do what the was that all about I don't know here's a lady in Miami hello happy anniversary new thank you so much I'm calling because I um long time ago somebody called up and said the peaches by Tony Rome as the oldest one closed down right okay well there's a sign out on um on the window that says Wayne Hypinga grows again really they're turning it into a blockbuster right yeah they bought it out I can't believe and guess what else I guess you don't know this yet they're buying up specs too oh god all the specs are being bought by blockbuster oh god so all the sticks all the why all the specs are being bought by jackbuster right no thank you I do like that there's no thank you I I can't stand him and I can't stand O J I'm one of the few lady listeners that don't uh you're you're the only one I got left you're the only one I mean they're all errosing it right now I can't do it Nicole isn't that isn't that how can anybody watch it I can't stand her and when I go home I turn it on and I've been accused of watching it Liz because I've got some interest in it I turn it on and the house goes I'm afraid I'm gonna miss something that I got to talk about here on the air and the fact is there's nothing to miss it's just so ponderous it just goes on and on and it's so slow I like anything else in court see people really believe because did the creatures of the television age they really believe that everything court is like perimation and it's very dramatic and they go real quick from one to the other and all of a sudden somebody gets up and he audience in in the crowd and he's hey you did it yeah I did it and that's it that life doesn't work that way in the court it is very slow and very tedious and very boring and lots of long terminal pauses and how to how how people are staying with this beats me beats me too I mean if anybody I'm hearing it twice every time she talks because I'm I understand Spanish I'm a spick right and I mean it's ridiculous it's totally ridiculous I mean even the judge yesterday got so tired of this about two thirds of the way through we looked up and said I have no life it's just pathetic well we knew that anyway exactly I'm gonna have a request you bet if you can play the Neil Godson you got it what I'm gonna call somebody what after he knows can I call somebody a douchebag? Sure, Momo you're a douchebag and a real Momo have a great great thing bye bye. I'll put line in date 75 one a green lines they were very they were smoking they were very hot the beginning of the show and now they're not so hot now they're cold as ice baby now there is cold as uh 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 1 800 9 4 4 W I would eat don't forget Greg Lucena's son with the defoe I had a line I was gonna use about that but not a good choice he'll be on with defoe on sports talk by tape of course seven a week tonight here's a mobile and four-laterdale hello hello hi yeah yes sir you got me got you hey I got one shameless request but first I'd like to wish you happy 19th anniversary thank you uh shameless request is the uh Uranus commercial yeah the car commercial I was wondering if you could get that on you mean bend over as Uranus? I guess that's what it would be okay and I'd like to call Rick in for all springs that doos bad okay thanks yeah okay we have an overline in date 75 want one a Broward 524 and the four people are still ruining listing out that roses only on CNN please call we need to help thank go for our venture hardouts news talking entertainment radio I have no 10 W I O D Miami Fort Lauderdale Rosa don't know much good afternoon at one o clock on Jennifer Ram 6th hand W I O D news brought you by slick 50 W A Y N E S U K S yes you use talk at entertainment radio 6th W I O D presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal call 75 one W I O D in date 524 W I O D in Broward outside the three o five area code it's one that helps the country to control the world and say the one customer is called pound I O D no charge you're back please now the Neal Roger show on news talking entertainment radio 610 W I O D oh boy it's the one to two hour yeah can you do you believe that how the hell did that have you I O D oh Neal God more power than else president say man I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world yes I am oh yeah God more power than else president say man I'm the most powerful god damn man in the world so let me correct her there's a made out of people I'm not a big one thanks for never being to get that taste and smell out of you well 86% of newborn boys in this country are sick of size the procedure is widely performed without any sort of anesthesia I have no prep here I'm going oh yeah God I will not patronize blockbuster any other company that perpetuates this kind of behavior you got to have a big house you got your first big house you got a big house it's me again it's an ozone provocateur you don't have a bolt spacon I'll take a lot you'll be here oh I know that the Thor and even more Thor in your Roger's father oh two god they're god they're Mary Kampers oh yeah God look I was an angel I'm a long time I you have no fears I don't do myself as well when I'm told that is great radio I am that hemorrhage no we have a longer cord than this piece of crap look at this look how short this damn thing I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to come to right up his hands oh Neal this place operates like I freaking out how she really does I want to be left the freak alone okay I don't know how we're the male president they man I'm the most powerful god damn man in a world here's the lady mobile and Davy hello hi how are you doing great my name is Kayla and I'm calling to tell you that I have said human arguments with self-fulfility and they tell me that you guys are the ones to camp with the contract they are the biggest liars on a face of the earth okay yeah well guaranteed well they keep on telling me I said that's to them and they said no way and it's truly but it needs a number for business and my crimes you know have it I would have camp of but they can sit but you're the one they are absolutely they lie through their teeth I have one more statement yes ma'am my son James is body and he's not gay your son sheaves his body how old is he about six? god yes 25 well I'm 23 23 and he saves his body and he says he's not a fag right he works out yeah all and we hangs out it's a gemeloddy sheaves his body you know pictures of regular saying this on a wall is bedroom well his girlfriend hates a two but what's his name what's he takes up and for football and hates with a polar hair the drive is crazy on his chest no no on his legs he doesn't shave his chest please tell me I don't know but I wouldn't put it I don't know unbelievable okay be ready on that day when the big announcement comes okay have a great weekend my bye hey look at us there is a there is a god somewhere man there's a serpent there's a Andy Christ there's something because look who's on here right now oh it's old baba he's all choked up Baba's on here on CNN too so you notice did you see how they all disappeared because they all ran to CNN because api audio didn't have a rose and a war but guess what surprise to bad you lose CNN says well you know we're gonna try to make a credible news out fit even though he is pretty boring and nobody cares about him anymore and we got 85 billion Republicans down everybody's a shame see first what they did they made the word liberal a dirty word nobody was a liberal anymore then progressive now that's like liberal that that's bad then like Democrat oops that's bad so even the dock he's been banned to Washington now no more ass here's North Bay village hello no yes sir I just got done reading that excess survival guide yes and I just want to say the people who review those columns are a bunch of but still can't a gama yeah because the only ad that they got right the only review they got right was the one about you being the best radio first an holiday that's the only one in the entire list you're absolutely correct sir and the one that they missed the most was the video star because video waves rule what a sense of humor have a great lifefalley put a little on it we have an open line at a purple line at pound i od i think the air pounded over there right now would be a first anyway now what is that the best of johnny cockman where the hell did that come from what is that you've seen him on the TV you've seen him in the court he's we've been the nation as the master of crossing examination and now he's seen it for you he's got a copper and he's well it out of outer hand grabbing foot so many so who's making love to okay's old lady he was running on his good foot running on his good foot yes he was got a copper and wood foot singing with wings copper get down with a tour really to let's do the does and get down with it yeah baby get down with because i feel very good i feel quite well thank you i knew that i would i'm quite confident quite confident that oj is telling the truth alright i got a copper and help oj hey i put it to you with great surrogative that oj is telling the truth yes you'll Nicole okay told it one thirteen a w i o d sixteen w i o d we're not my any's number one station but hey we can't speak Spanish if he wants me to sing god bless america and pasteies and a g string up here i'll do it if your car's life is over go see bent over you'll realize what you had was pain is when you hop in and ride your rain oh yeah you've enjoyed driving mercury you loved your Saturn now come and dig your rain is love that new car smell nothing smells like your ainess the bendability no one has ever got stuck in your ainess fake the plunge happy your aige has been over and ride your rain and if you like a car that holds the road you couldn't wipe out your ainess if you tried your ainess powerful yet great with gas need drunk space rest assured you can pack anything in your ainess and if your ainess is re-rendered our well lubricated joins please often the blow come to our show room and pick out your ainess and leave that messy paperwork to us check out your ainess fake the time life break loop gain has been over and ride rain once 17 at wio d i am just this is for me oh no I from Kathy the slut willots autograph picture Neil hot and wet kisses love Kathy willots in a provocative squat pose and here's a shame Tyler with two enormous memories to Neil Rogers I'm a big fan your great love you Shane Tyler I got to down Shane and most of the guys in the audience would like to look at that one I've had something more than I've heard next to Kathy Willots I mean is that something even think about hard or is that thing oh geez oh no ah every time I see Kathy's picture I do that here's the Miami hello Miami hello yes yes you okay here's for a lot of nail hello okay we're on a roll now here's boiting beach hello yeah well we're here to stuff that dreams are made of right movies read a river CBS talks with a whist so it's actually we don't wave it when you ask questions yes it is very funny anyway Tom Bulkah listen you can't believe what's going on how she got it what is going on out to it's just a brutal radio wise not only is that you're former protege up here in the afternoon putting everybody to sleep with their analyses of the trial yeah she's analyzing it yes we're saying that she hates every opportunity the prosecution makes and kills them on everything early takes a ridiculous point of view that everyone's credible except of course state the police the prosecutors anyone else who happened to be in the vicinity of it's pathetic for you it's beyond that a lot of ways you want to take in shots and does take credit for manage and those use that stuff on the air so I don't know if he got care about that let me take credit for managed she said that was her original what was your fine what managed the fact that he used to say well you know what do you used to say what do you what he said well these clips were taken a dolphin broadcast their run a station well yeah he discovered as he just got to say I'm not gonna go into this because there are people like you that want to start on that I wouldn't waste my time all right all right all right all right I go to empathize for the fact that he's got to work up there with a bunch of 900 year old retards and more power to it's all I understand completely and you are still got by the way I thought that was Henry who did the second oh was that uh Druzey I always thought that was Henry's uh on another planet Henry still on Uranus with uh Henry says oh there you go there you go can you tell the difference between oh and oh you're absolutely right okay I got my own mix up have a great panel yeah quick stirring up the pot he's stirring the pot go smoke you don't stir it we have an open line on the green line here is Mara Lee a son from National Public Radio asking a president hey what's the story are you still a president or what he says well it's one I have to think about I'll have to uh I want to look at how they're implemented for one thing if you look at the rules of what they mean it's it's difficult to draw a conclusion about whether they even do oh god you thought Rosa was boring okay 120 at the WIOD I just thought I would mention that 16 WIOD nine out of 10 Dennis drilled a WIOD okay speaking of drilling it man we got something to give away now see that mixture of video waves he has a pin in the ass but nonetheless he came all the way down here and brought us a bunch of stuff to give away or for me to take home which I don't want any of this and we sure want Lisa to see the covers on he's because she'll get really upset out of there's nothing bad on there they're just doing it oh my god so we got four porno tapes here you must be over the age of 18 because if you lie about that we'll come to your house and give you a spanking but we'll give these away on here and then Mitch from video waves thinks that we're going to bring him in here and put him on his deputy thought we're going to invite him back here we don't want you in here man you're a pain in the grass you bought one spot on a shore right away now he's a superstar and here you think he's ponytail junior so let's give these for a way now here's one is sabotage starring Villaria Brigid Amy Sandy Beach Sandy Beach that's Ned Smith boy how the you might he have fallen huh with Steven Sanquat Peter North Tom Byron and T.T. Boy and of course in this one Peter Peter North is so old look at that it looks like a wrinkle old man looks like he's doing it at cemetery village at least it has to look again let me take a peek at that she said and we got John Leslie's the boy you're starring liquid slater liquid slater in her debut tape no holes bar but here's a no one the warrior number two directed and produced and written by that aging really ugly John Leslie. Quelsas in this with Sean Michaels John do do you don't you love the name of all the porn stars John do Joey Silvera oh and you know that Ebola virus that's that's the right the our Bolivaris that's what you get from watching all these old porn out tapes don't you remember our Bola I think he was in Debe does Dallas Chad Thomas Tom Chapman Kyle Stone Ricky Ricardo Ricky Ricardo oh my god just at the moment of excitement in this video you know what it is the Ricky Ricardo says don't you so that's the warrior number two sabotages the first one badlands to back into hell starring Sarah Jane Hamilton who has got an ugly post baby big hooters but an ugly post Bridget Amy Sarah San's Nicky sin Chanel Jonathan Morgan Jake Williams Alexander's my corner and John do do you know what ever it is and the fourth one is called fireball two up in flames four more hours of awesome red head head head starring Brittany O'Connell Ariel Knight Nicky sin Nicole London cameo Dana Dylan Peter North jackwell and Terry diver Terry driver of the of the New Jersey Devils Claire Tyler Tony Tedesci Tara Monroe Alexander Sierra Camille Cindy Summer Sad SAID SAID and old what's your name I think has got a cameo in there too not that old and not that okay here's a mobile in Miami on a Broward line hello hello sir yes sir yes I would like to get one of those torno's but you're really yeah woodman well which one sounds appealing to you sir um what was that one that you didn't Nicole Simpson was introducing in Nicole Simpson or what Nicole Hendrickson or what did you say I said up in flames was the one with the coal Nicole is that a good one I don't know which one are you talking about I don't know get cereal now are gonna lose your spine I think you'd like a sabotage looks pretty good sabotage yes good to me that sounds pretty good very gigantic hooters if you're a huderman this is up your alley man I like ass some very elegant ass in this one two is a matter of fact I like that okay you got it pal okay how do I get it just hang on okay I'm holding it and don't hold it too tight though don't wear it out okay there's a guy in six I think that's Mitch calling him from video waves try to get his tapes back now it gives you the name Mitch anything or anything that rhymes with Mitch so that got some instant response on the phone look at that even the uh even the green lines are all that up what they're like on the floor that I keep stepping on God there's some God damn mung down here it's bad it's bad I think it's the our bowl of virus anybody know who our bowl is very ugly very hairy another one of these really see that's the problem with the porno industry is that there's about 15 people and I'm talking about wow maybe 20 going back over the years over the last 20 years it's the same goddamn 20 people and you got Amber Lynn and Loretta Lynn and Tracy Lord and Jack Lord and just the same guy in Peter North of of course is now 85 years old and he used to look really greatest still a straight shooter and you got that the joys of Vera who's name used to be joys sil Vera and uh in a same old hired terminal and there's a few hot numbers but not too many here's a lady in South Miami you I'm sure it doesn't want any of this disgusting feel hello okay we have an open line in date 751 and one in Broward 524 9463 it's really worth waiting about a half an hour 40 minutes to go on for about a half a second without your clever little rigged up crap man that's you talk about I have no life that's the one thing about this show about every show every about talk radio in general that's really revealing is when they wait and they wait and they wait and they've got an all-qed up and they got their little plans and they're gonna amp that's it just for a quick I hope it was good for you man here's Hollywood hello yes sir hey that that one was Ricky Ricardo Ricky Ricardo that's isn't real here's an I love loosely fan really he comes home and Lucy's naked with another girl and he says no see you got a lot of sprain and put the yeah hey listen to Sandy Peyton and Jill Beach I think they're in that Sandy Beach you said Sandy Peyton Jill Beach are doing it on the beach you I'm a waterfront I buy that one with Marlon Brando hey Neil great to raise a Ricky Ricardo and here I'm cereal anyway go ahead yeah glad to see that that wasn't true I got a little that chaotic my life actually believed it on here's another you know you want me to tell you something that's really embarrassing these last couple of days is that now that the cat is out of the bag and this whole charade of fill which is yeah just a bunch of cramped shape all these people bought it and they don't want to admit it the overwhelming majority of people bought it and now it's all we know all the time and what I feel is sure got a great number one he's got a great sense of humor but they were buying it Neil I asked him one question I knew it wasn't true yeah I said are you happy that he's gone I said how do you feel about he says I'm sad if you were gone he'd be the happiest he didn't at right he'd be top of the total Paul yeah but then he started going into that thing about how he was number one now things were going to change around it I mean that's the way he does all his stuff he starts out at one point he keeps making it crazier and crazier and more more ridiculous Neil's going to start a family up there and upstate New York right of course there you go all right Neil yes honey get the junior okay that's father or tool again father or tool good let's try that one more time the other way father or tool good get the honey junior here's a market hello Neil yes sir Steve Nickle here you had a color color color earlier and say that I did the sports on the morning show yesterday well that's true we had the sense honey on a project of state 95 North I told him to go to leave it to dead end yeah now I've only been here short time Neil at W. I but I feel like we are family and I would like to officially offer you a contract extension for the next five years when your current one runs out well Steve I got an extension for you when I think it'll come in the handy because from what I've heard we have an open line in Broward 5249463 524 Wiod he doesn't have a long contract he's got a short one anyway it's 131 fill Henry will be here the real fill Henry okay at the two and then the best of fill the Mar the best of Neil the Mar the best of filled the Mar we got tapes up the ass over the weekend and man are we really happy to be saving all that money because we never had any audience on a weekend in the first place except when at pitch my green was on how's my green doing by the way anybody talked to her lately anybody seen that she looks over 70 on channel 4 on the morning on Saturday Meg Green on Monday this morning at 10 on South Florida's news traffic and weather station news talk radio 610 Wiod see when Meg was a little girl she thought that thing was a piggy bank but every time she put the coins in and stood up they kept falling out okay let's go to a mobile in pop and oh hello hey Neil are you doing pretty good sir I got to have a video man what do you mean by that you desperate well what we got left here we got voyeur to the John Leslie directing and producing which means it's probably pretty boring all there's a lot of dice hacks and this one looks like yeah yeah I went on that reddit one sounds good uh the red head one up in flames yeah yeah four more hours of awesome red head head it says yeah yeah so you can't get much more head than that Bobby Clark in it Bobby Clark is in there yeah and red barbers in here two is a matter of fact the action's gotta be pretty good and rusty stop also all right the Ron or Ron's deflaming around hang on let me go all right okay there's a desperate horny guy on five he's getting the are you marking down who's getting what by the way it's a good thing all these guys sound really old because we sure don't want to be given away no porno tapes to any miners on here that's all we need the AFA would have a god damn nervous breakdown wouldn't they and wouldn't that be too bad because they might see something that they probably been doing all week anyway one thirty three let's go to a cross brings on a purple line hello pretty good red foxes in her two yeah yeah I got a couple questions about you give me Henryk's dysphoxy lady on a soundtrack hey the uh sound like this getting back to the important business yes sir if you live in coral springs you need no permits you just hang the things well these things are so small at I mean if you've got a south southern or southwest exposure you'll be you know they can put it on uh huh and you're working your porch uh row you put on the porching put it outside you window you can put it in the spot I'm sure everybody's got a spot don't worry about that stuff you'll find a spot okay and then you can stay up because I like it because the best part of it is it's this is the great deal is that the satellite that it's on is like in the middle of the spectrum so it's like straight up in the air you know what I'm saying so it's not like something that has the point and you have to start moving trees and bushes you don't have to worry about anything blocking it as long as they don't put it under like an overhang or a ledge or something like that you know you follow I'm with you as long as it's got a straight shot right up in the air there it is what about the uh you know I've been looking at them now since you've been talking about it the you know the eight ninety nine versus sixty nine I guess I don't know anything about that is anybody explained you what the difference isn't the TV see versus they said that there's the only difference that you can hook up another TV and that's the only difference that's the only difference is in other words if you ever so I yeah it's got more outputs in other words I paid an extra 200 value more hammer I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna strangle you man I don't want to hang up the extra I thought that it was a different receiver it just has more so go for the cheaper that makes it even more appetizing so it's only sixty ninety nine plus installation so for about to nine hundred eight hundred is it sixty nine hundred five ninety nine well hold on I want to clarify the eight ninety nine I just need to give you the ability to hook up another TV right yeah because it's got more outputs on it right okay right you don't care right man huh you know what I'm saying if you don't care about that which most people don't then screw it go for the 200 bucks less yeah I just put around the big sixty inch right let her fly exactly so the uh well I think uh I think I'm so I listen I'm serious I love mine I'm so ecstatic that I got to stay in the picture is fabulous and it's so convenient having now now with my big dish I basically only like diddle around with the sports channels and my CBC candidate for the hockey games and some of the back hall feeds you know that you can't get on the other dish but other than that I don't have to mess with the big dish that much and now the little one and I'll tell you the hockey games is quite a few like last night there where I think a four hockey games on there out of the five that were we played and tomorrow there's four more games on so there's there's a lot of sports on there well and I ordered the direct TV at the football package is one nineteen somebody called up instead it was one forty nine and one nineteen and that's for all the games yeah that was erroneous right but uh in closing and the grand the great part of it will be this and that is that dill I mean and I also want to big-daste the wrong one satellite but on the on this it'll all be just flip from one channel to another and it'll all be right there right next to each other that's how they do all the sports now who should how much you can pay to have a put in well they say a couple hundred couple hundred dollars that's a durable homicye charges right okay yeah one last thing is a fill had us all going I don't care what anybody says the party messed up was some of the news should are reported it not on the big news but on your local station you're six ten yeah and then people can't really have a good ask in that which is the obvious thing but uh hey well confusing with the fact hey he can't cover everything in closing so your big don't smoke and do spag okay yeah yeah the dcs man is the way to go I'll say it again I gave the address out of give the phone number out I'll do it again because I'm a big believer and it plus I find out that cox cable is involved deeply in this prime prime star crap with a cable company in course they are cable companies so screw them let's really plug the dss now big time and just what I told Bob Green who of course wished me a happy anniversary not or anything else because they're too busy they're having their meetings they just don't care about people keep that in mind don't ever forget that and it was interesting when Phil was doing a stick people said what did always had all these problems with management and they treat people like crap and that's true that that part is not stick or anything else believe me when I tell you these people are ass murderers they use people they drain them they twist them they bleed them and they discard them like yesterday's god damn garbage I'm I'm looking through here here it is if you want to get more information about direct TV you can call her toll free number this is the 18 inch RCA satellite the number is 1 800 347 3288 1 800 direct TV not direct direct 1 800 347 3288 and it'll give you all the dope and tell you what's available and uh it's set around so on and you can go and let me standard brands or a lot of the other electronic stores and take a look at it I'm sure they have mall set up and you can see the picture is great anybody tells you otherwise anybody tells you that there's a lot of downtime with a picture tell them they are full of it they're loaded with it 138 and WIOD what and WIOD premature modulation Kathy well it sucks so what else is new oh go and out with lots of girls we were ready for a brand new scene all of the street up like jeans but we're really just a pair of queens rain passes a car everyone she's the kiss the new one no one blinked in your cityificant okay interessanteدي You're buying a fancy We're dancing in the streets And then I see The seven seas goes the A And then I see Let's go easy to see now And then I see Just forget that he's a pretty And then I see All this weird not kidding And I'm not crazy We're the babies under a wild We're the prisoners in the plain We like the city And dancing in the streets For dancing in the streets And then I see That's the music And then I see For dancing in the streets 143 WIDES Still might snatch one of these two Tables that we got left between Out and two If you're lucky And of course, it's not Here's a bokeh Hello Hello Yes sir First time call her Great Happy New Year too Thank you so much And happy to have you Voice Yes, thank you And happy for them Yes Thank you to you too You know, I I listened to Aaron Summershoe For the first time coming back on 95 years They almost drove into a bridge He was driving me crazy We're going But when I listened to her She was great on film show She was great at 2 years today That was probably the best hour She's done on the stage If she could do a lot more like that Yeah And be a lot more natural And laid back and relaxed Then she'd butcher that show up a little But maybe do about a 1-5 And what she looked like She's okay She's got a great ass She's got ample hooters And she's all right How are you? We're about a 7 Okay But what you speak, you know That's I give her a appearance about a 7 The show about a minus 85 Now if you could just kind of even that out a little bit Right, she's going to put about a minus 75 Right Uh, do you have another table available? I have a badlands 2 back in the hell Speaking of Aaron Summershoe Yeah She in the shape Uh, she makes a cameo in it Okay And uh, she's the one with the water massage Sarah Jane Hamilton's in this one with Bridget Amy And Sarah sent So that either got that or the voyeur Would liquid slater Liquid slater Yeah, and a lot of diec action in that one I like that And diec action and dark action Both, okay, hang on pal Yeah, thank you Okay, that guy's on 7 There are another uppervert See, this is where it's at All these guys want these god damn porno movies What the hell is this world coming to anyway? All these people want to see a bunch of naked people doing All kinds of animalistic bar barricade Scushing things And why the hell not? What's wrong with that? What's wrong with watching people do it If you can't do it yourself You might as well watch somebody else do it That's what I've already said And of course, then if you can always kind of dive in And I want to get some very emotional people So why why even worry about it right now? Let's don't they? Not usually. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach Hello Danielle happy you've deleted anniversary Thank you so much All right, I was debating what I was getting Become a season ticket holder for the dolphins Or one of those DSS dishes Yeah Because probably quite the same No contest You're really not even close They've jacked the prices up on the dolphin thing now I mean I'd say screw it I'm not buying any You're up. I could go back. No, I'm not Because you have pretty choice seats The best the best seats in the house Wow And I guarantee if fat rich is ass It'll be in both of them this coming season He needs both of those seats He does To begin with Is one last tape left Is that still a valve? I'm going to get the last choice Yes You have a choice of badlands too Back in the hell or badlands too Back in the hell Oh Take the first one Take the first one You got it Take the hell Hang on That guy's on six He's got a grip on that And there you go I told you it's not something good for most today We did Thanks to Mitch from video waves His spot is coming up in a moment Anyway so why should he He's running a spot on his show What a guy Huh Running a couple of spots on his show He thinks he owns a guy Damn place Takes more than that it takes more than just a few Poor no tapes in a couple of spots to win us over It takes up to like a really good free meal I'll let it do it Here's a keep a scan Hello Hello Neil Can you clear up something I could have a wife I was phones dropped off as soon as we gave last Tapoy yesterday Can you clear up something I came up during your week On the film show the other day Yeah but Yeah We were all having a contest calling up like Sing Who's been listening to you the longest Yeah and I asked that today How come I'm not hearing from any of these people Like I've been listening to Neil for 10 No I've been listening 15 Right Right there people listen for 25 Years and I've only been here in 19 But they call a film We'll tell them that But they won't call and tell me that What kind of crap is that Well I'm pretty sure I heard you on your first station This was like in 1976 Right KT Well it wasn't a quick wait Then I heard somebody calling and saying Oh yeah KT up there on 135th in Biscayne When I was at KT it was over Off Alt and Road was on Bay Road on Miami Beach Off Alt and Road behind the Amico station There in fact the tower is still there 135th in Biscayne is that Haitian KT Now that new Howard Primer deal At the piece of crap they got Now weren't you on a station Were they changed their call letters Yes Like originally it was like WFUN Or WSUN That is correct WFUN The old fun which used to be the number one rock station And then they played rock They used to listen on my little AM radio And it was brought by And they did sub-bring broadcasting And you became a talk station And the first time I heard you when they switched from music to talk I left KT as a matter of fact it's interesting Because it was exactly two years And March 1st of 78 We went on a year at WNWS And I was there for got six years And then I was doing nights at midnight So was FU in your first station No KT was the first station Before I went from there Well wasn't that FU in It was WNWS FU in the game to be WNWS Right the bottle changed the call letters Okay Well then I wasn't the one And then WNWS and then Zeta and then over here Well what do you mean you said you heard KT Well I heard you late Well we went KT again No 76 and 77 Well the first time I heard you was when FU and switched their call letters So it was for him I heard you But you must have been a bit of close to a flagrestry Because boy we had so many In the beginning the signal problems were just a lace All was terrible We were all listening to that station Yeah But I was in Highly actually But when I lost the contest But I'm still glad you made it this long Thanks a lot Happy anniversary Thank you See ya Yeah they call a fill Oh yeah I remember Neil I did that out too He was really good And then Calvin Cooler was a baby He was great But they won't call me and tell me That because they were afraid that I don't like them sucking around What's wrong with a little sucking around on a special occasion On your birthday on your anniversary What's wrong with a little suction Huh? Can't be all bad I mean just every day see the shows that I can't stand Or when people call in day after day Oh yeah they're the greatest I am your reading a gram You're reading all your crap man You're really a full of crap Oh god it's because then it's so obvious That they're just a bunch of asslookers And just want to ingratiate themselves with somebody Just so that somebody can validate their pathetic little useless existence Like that punk Greg up in Pompano Oh why did they even mention that? 149 and WID Wolf Blitzers on there by the way And they're not looking at that They don't even want to put his ass on And WID listen longer And you'll get an attitude too All right, better up Here's a lady in Tamarack, hello Happy anniversary, Nia Thank you so much You have no idea how much we miss you so bad We moved to Cleveland a year and a half ago And we are here for a week on vacation And listen to you every day we miss you I wish you would be some sweet You're right, Cleveland you mean you're getting to hear Chuck Meyer and Jazz McAuffee Yeah, I heard his voice I'm saying oh my god that's Chuck Meyer I understand they're dying on a vine up there And we get Howard there and he doesn't hold a candle to you You have more talent in your pinky toe than Howard had I had no much to take about it and just beat in the living crap out of him too I know I know what did they do to poor Rick and Sus They put him in the morning they ruined their show They have an afternoon drive that people could stop on their way home from work No, my pants Well, have any heard fuel Henry though? He was okay, I'm fortunate You know what? He heard him when he was going He was going to be a joke on you Yeah, which I guess the people in Miami deserve to have that joke played on the way They deserve whatever they get that's right Well, they let them know they don't appreciate you Well, they're all groveing in my feet now We'll see how long that lasts Not over the weekend Oh yeah about a week it'll last That's Miami But you know when you moved away We missed you so bad if only you could be syndicated Well if you just get all these bastards is fed about a week in Cleveland man And they depreciated Right, but Cleveland's nice. We like it Is it really? Yes What do you like about it? I like to change his season And I like to raise my child there It's like family You know They feed up a little like us I have been in Cleveland in years and years Oh, it's really nice We really like it There are a lot. We just missed things like you and the beach and family and friends Yeah, and temperatures over 10 Right I think we'll have a great time Okay, Neil and can we call you Were you serious when you said about calling collect next week? Absolutely, call us any time We'll take the call we'll pay double for it Okay, great Have a great life We love you Bye-bye Okay Here's Miami Buenos de As Hello Buenos de Tue Yeah, that was a nice call Wasn't she sweet? Very nice lady from Cleveland Right, who's got to put up with jazz, McHate and Chuck Mirono I was wondering what happened to Chuck Mirono He's up there with boy Gary and Cleveland, a bad mistake You know when you make a bad mistake once like that That's really bad But when you make it a second time and go up there then Who can you blame? And like you said there's no temperature over 10 Uh-huh Well happy 20th year 19 When are you starting your 20th year? That's right, this is the beginning of the 20th That's right Happy 20th anniversary New y'all from the back boys at publics You know I was going over some old papers here in the office A couple of weeks ago when I found an old copy of your WKNT promo picture There's you and there's like 18 other Yeah, the herbs similar and surely Right, right And Craig Warding and Chris Meyer and Lynn Russell and Jim Alton and Cidlivan That's right I got one of those somewhere And we're trying to lose it Isn't that amazing? And I have that striped red and white The sports jacket on I think I'm a glad God no it was striped red and white A candy cane in the sports jacket Why? One thing about me I've always been a fashion plate right from the beginning I liked the way everything matched Yeah, it was beautiful I wanted the snorfs You know how much I was making in those days? Probably what I'm making now I started a KT 225 bucks a week That's about right I was making 200 a week at JNO and West Palm I came to Miami to the big city I made 225 a week And then the second year Said live in being the big spender Oh yeah 205 a week The only difference being that I went from three hours a day From three to six to doing two to six Well, I'm in a dirty way They can Yeah, it's like I remember the days when you were doing 930 in the morning God Yeah, it's an accurate What's the little half hour? You know it's not much Right, and see people say Well, you come in with Rick and suds Not really what's the big difference When I come in first of all I'm not under any pressure I get here whenever I feel like Yeah, I'm just sitting there And I just interject a few words And they're on the air with the pressure and doing the show And I just happen to be here But there's a big difference between doing that And having to come in here and being under the pressure Doing your own thing for four and a half hours Big difference None of them have flown the plane They just don't get it That's right I wanted to snore for one of those poor things But I got beat out So I just want to have a little verbal intercourse with you Is that okay? That was great Have a great life All right, see you Okay See you, boy friend So I feel hungry is in the building right now Don't be looking at this disgusting stuff Before you go on here I love some other photographic including a Shane Tyler's picture Which you can have with my blessing Even though it is not a graph to me Boy, she has got But you know something that's bad is we're all those See she needs to go out there and lie on south beach Naked for a few days Because she's got all the marks you know where she's had the bra on And she's tanned all around her But she's got like the white marks Oh, geez Do something with those dab a little something on her Guys are into that They're into what? Oh, I think that looks bad Don't you? That looks bad Make it nice and even and smooth And the thing too Here's Lighthouse point, hello Oh, I love it I love it I love it I love it Now, feels that her shaking is said So you don't you don't understand the significance of that Maybe if I gave you one hint Although I don't think you've been long and heard Long enough to understand My, my, my, look at that You wouldn't get that either This is when I was on KAT I had Jacques Cousteau on as my guest The very prestigious Jacques Cousteau This guy, this Ken Block who's now like 35 years old or something And his wife, she's also an Ojova Vakitor They've been cranking talk shows for like 15, 20 years now And he used to go a lot that that he's still doing a 20 years later So anyway, I got Jacques Cousteau on And Mr. Cousteau, what is it like down there in the difts And this is a marine and the dark And this guy calls up and you know, I'm dying for calls Because the average age was 100 of our listening audience on KAT Old Jews were dead and it's guy called Mr. Cousteau There's something I've always been mean to ask you Yes, what is it? I like that the bad, the bad, the bad trapper Strikes Jacques Cousteau, one of the great moments in Southland And hasn't changed the guy damn bit So thanks for the memories and how's Rosa Lopez doing We were them and said, yeah So that's, it's good show I see me smile And start recording it I don't know The only radio station that kicks Rush Limbao's ass News talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale Rosa don't like spiders or snakes Good afternoon it to a clock on Jennifer Rym 610 WIOD news Brought to you by cable co-op