This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions? I'm in the light of the light that keeps us free. Everybody's got the trigger to keep on like an I can't get no reason. I'm on the streets with will they do the beat? All the kids are here to see the beat of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. I'm in the light of the beat. So evidently the devil must have like a real. He's a chocolate holiker. Something like that. All these kids go around every year on Halloween. They do as they gather all as candy and they take it to the altar of the devil. He just sucks at all because it's a satanic ritual. I told you he used to play short stuff for the pirates Jose. But anyway it's 10-07-WOD. Happy Halloween. These people out there. It should be immediately shot. And of course only in America. They're in the world where in the last several years now. There are a lot of parents if they're smart. They keep their kids home or they definitely go with them. They like watch everything. Including the apples. Don't take any apples because that's the favorite for sticking pins and needles. Don't you just love people who do crap like that. Anyway, God, there is so much damn crap going on. The islanders, Jodie Hals got a broken rib. That's bad news. If it's Patrick's going to be starting in gold tonight. We got 4,500 seats on Soul Ticket Master is open right now for the Panther Pack. They got like $1800 and $9. So you better get with the program. I don't want to go there tonight and see 3,4,000 empty seats. There is no excuse. We got the hottest team in the game. They're seven and three. They got 14 points. And the least is time can do is support something. I even heard the what's what they call him. The dead mouse. Whatever he is, Joe Rose this morning. I heard him for like a minute and punched over there and he's talking about what a dead head town is in the doesn't support anything. Who else has been saying that for years, Joe. But for crying out loud, we got something good. It looks really good on this arena thing. They're talking serious. I mean, he got a time problem. The red tax and it looks like we might get something done. Finally, wouldn't that be a miracle? So let's get your last shot there to the arena tonight. Islanders, we're going to kick their ass right into oblivion and see a little bit of a, I don't know. Is it going to happen? Is it not going to happen? My confidence is not high. Not in this town. Anyway, we got to send a one thing going. I was talking to Adam just a moment ago. Evidently there was a major contra dumps that took place in the station yesterday. I was going to get Mr. Raleokie and Mr. Veracum coolant collected an auto shot. I told you, just sit back and wait and sooner or later, Phil Henry's going to catch on to this place and he's going to understand what's going on. And evidently yesterday, he just lost it. But I don't want to get into that yet. So the center one campaign, center one campaign starts tomorrow. You might want to write down his phone number. We got, we don't have an 800 number this year. And I'm pretty pissed off about that because the 800 number suppliers for whatever reason. But we do have a number at center one. They'll take your phone orders for the t-shirts and the cassettes of the CDs. Just like every year, the best of stuff which is this year, the best ever. I guarantee I promised that it's super, especially the one with that the new unplugged volume two with my stunt ass on a cover. It's a beautiful thing. And they'll be taking phone orders starting tomorrow at 9.5. Now, can somebody straighten me out on that thing because I know that that's the new area code and but if you still call 305, it still rings, right? I'll try it right now. Huh? You're try what? What are you going to call? This number? Oh, get a call home and see what the deal is. Anyway, 9.5, 4 area code 561-0078. 561-0078, center one. That's going to be the number for your phone orders. And then of course, we're going to have all this stuff at the border stores all over town, and then the university drive, having Chura Kindle, and for Laternil and Boca stores opening, like in the middle of November, which will be great too. Our first appearance out with all a good stuff will be this Sunday from 1 to 3 at the fashion mall and plantation. That's the macy's mall and university drive. And a good thing we're doing this year is everybody is going to be there at each one of these appearances, instead of having me in one place and fill in another and reconcered someplace else, all four of us will be like at the thing. It does what? What's the other area code 945? You can try 945. That's what it's not work. 9454. How about 9455? So we just learned something. 945 doesn't work. 9454 is the area code. Why do they have to do that? Then we got the Canadian election last night, which when you got a satellite, what is it? That doesn't work either? 305 works. So why are we putting that on there if it doesn't even work? Okay, I'm crossing that out. Okay. I'm crossing that out. 561 0078. Forget about the goddamn area code because it's usual. I don't want to say there's going to be any screw ups in this because I know that Sarah's got a firm hand on it. Trust me, I saw it. We got that Canadian thing going on. Then we got an editorial in the Sun Sentinel today, which really frost my ass. You know, you knew people, people, people. You damn news paper people who nobody is regulating them. Okay. So they're hot shots. They're very big to talk about freedom of speech and about the restraint in the broadcast media. But when it comes to themselves and all the crap that they put in there and spread their editorial opinions on the front pages all the time, then it's a different story. But all of a sudden today they come up with this very self-righteous, as usual editorial. The lead editorial in the Sun Sentinel, if I can't ever find a guy damn thing here, talk shows can clean up their acts or risk getting clipped by outsiders. This is about the latest flag that's going on about the TV talking head shows, which I refer to yesterday. And as repugnant as those show stars are to me, most of the manufacturers want to watch out for it now. Another one of these stupid things. And it's always the same. Look at this. We got a bunch of very middle class, well dressed black people on the earth. Oh, this is Ronda and most of the audience are black. Or it's either that or we have a half dozen trailer park trash people on there, screaming at each other. But you know something, there are millions of people watching this crap. I say if you don't like it, turn it off, it'll go off the air. It'll go away. That's called a free market place. And all of a sudden people like Jerry Springer talk about a spinoist piece of crap. Oh yeah, well you're right, you got a point and I don't want to do it anymore. This, yeah right. What a bunch of crap that is, okay? That's what the media, that's what we're all about. We're a bunch of horrors, we're here to horror, whatever we can from the marketplace, and whatever sells, that's what it's all about, period. And this set of tourals, which I might even take time to read. It pisses me off so much. You people at the Sun sent a lot of biggest bunch of phones ever encountered my life, and man is it appropriate that you're here. I think if most women could choose to reach orgasm every time they have intercourse, I think a lot of women would say, we would force that the multiple orgasms just in order to have an orgasm every time we have intercourse. Fashion phones, APM's, oh midnight, on news, talking entertainment radio, 16W IOD. Oh, Canada, you think that you're in luck. You stole our old star game, because your own sports really suck. You've got dog sled runs, you shoot loose with guns, what a way to entertain. And you fish for ice, you think hockey's nice, cause it's played without a break. Who a Canada, who knows ya, give me my old star game, I want it back now, the space ball in Canada makes me a blue chow. You son of a bitch. Okay, 1017 at WOD, some watching last night on the CBCA, I will say one interesting thing about the way they do it all, it's very boring, and they don't do any exit polling up there, none of that. And since they basically have the CBC, they got CTV in a couple of other mind and networks, but CBC, the government network, they basically are all over the goddamn country, and if you want to see what's going on, you'll watch that or else. You can start accounting the votes like it about 10 after rate, to post closed officially at 8. But when they started counting the votes in Quebec, they have a thing on a screen, and it shows you like, like, tens of a point, and they just keep it on there, and they keep, of course, talking and, uh, be guessing and doing all this stuff and wailing and carrying on, but it was the most astonishing thing I've ever seen in between watching two hockey games, I kept flipping back on there, and, uh, it was never more than a half a point. In fact, the yes, the separatists were ahead for, like, most of the first hour and a half, but it was never more than a half a point, and there were times when it would swing back, it would be like 50, 50 would be like just a handful of votes apart. It's amazing. And the bottom line of all of this, there's a great lesson to be learned in this, in case we haven't already learned it, from your experience with the frogs down here, okay? And that is that this separatist bull crab has got to go, and the fact that this almost passed in Quebec last night proves beyond a shadow of a doubt, that we're so desperate in South Florida, the only thing that we can attract any more in terms of tourism in any gigantic numbers, are the frogs. What a sad commentary on the way the leaders in this community have taken the, the, the, the surf and the sand and the sun, and turned it into desperation. It's amazing. Then all we can attract are the most obnoxious, and I say this with no reservations whatsoever. They are the most disgusting, the most despicable, the most arrogant people on the face of the earth. There might be a few good ones I haven't met him yet. You show me a frog and I'll show you a real asshole. I, he's picking out an entire group of people out. That's right. And as far as the people in France, I'll let you know in a few weeks okay, because I guess I'm going to have to make that stop in Paris and ride the subway, play a little Russian roulette. But I'm telling you, man, I have never seen. I was watching all those people and all the yes people there, young and old alike. See one thing about in Germany, at least my experience in Berlin. The older Germans, they're exactly what you'd expect. They're just like the Nazis. They're still living in the past. They're still trying to win World War II, but the younger and middle-aged people, they're great. They love to have a good time. They're out there in the streets. They, uh, everything is great. It's the old people. So even the Germans are starting to break away, except for a few of the skinheads. There's always a few in every group, but they're starting to break away from that mold. But the goddamn frogs, I had no have any idea what it is with French people, but these people have got a serious problem. Because they speak a different language, they're in a country of 15 or 20 million people, and because 5 million of them live in Quebec and 80% of them speak French, probably, would do speck. Therefore, we want to be a separate country. What's since does that make? Well, I went very proud of my head at Ted. What do you proud of? What the hell do you proud of that? You just blew off the French. Just blew off a few more atomic weapons in the South Pacific. Is that something to be proud of? Or the fact that the Americans had to go in and bathe your ass out twice in a guy named World Wars? What is it that they're proud of? They keep thinking a lot of green piece boats. Yeah, right. Yeah, they're proud of that. They're proud of the fact that every time there's a goddamn terrorist in the world who's got no else to go, he can always go to France because they've never met a terrorist they don't like. What do they got to be proud of? They're disgusting. Even their language. It's so guttable. It sounds like they haven't had a good B.M. I've got to even the British who've had a good B.M. sooner, more recently than the goddamn French. And this business of what you can't have a sign in English because we're going to throw your ass in jail. We're going to find you. We've seen so much of that right here in Dave County and one thing. You know, nude gangrich is one of the most frightening people I've ever seen, but there's one thing that he's right about. And that's this bilingualism crap. Of course, he's coming. We know where he's coming from on it. And it's interesting that a lot of the people who support him, especially in Dave County, like probably 98% of our no-speakening, and they say people in Dave Love, nude gangrich because of what they think he stands for. And at many times he hates them like poison. But if you're going to be a part of the program, baby, speak to God name language. Period. And that's one of the things they should have done years ago on Canada was said, you know, they should have said English is the language. And if you want to, you know, be a part of the country, do your best to learn because that's the way it is. And don't start passing any goddamn provincial laws because it's a bunch of bull crap. It would be like every group of people that we have in America who speak some foreign language. Well, we're going to start our own country because we don't like the way you're treating us. We're proud of our past. What is that all about? Here's a bunch of 19 and 20 year old kids out there running around and screaming and having a good time, which basically a lot of more laughing and yucking it up last night. And they're proud of their past and their heritage, which means what? They're goddamn Canadians. They're currency ain't worth a crap. And partly because they're crappy attitude. So let me say it right here and now. I think, especially since it's almost the first in November. It's getting close to the season. If it ever arrives in it's got for second place. You know, we ought to put up gigantic billboards. Frogs go home, okay? Parlay vogue get lost. Give them all a goddamn roadmap with a one-way arrow pointing north on 95. Go back where you came from. We don't want you here. We don't care how desperate we are. You know, that would force the hand of the chamber of commerce people and the other assholes in this town to start to want something to attract living in breathing tourist back in this area. Besides the goddamn frogs. Because the behavior that you see here, the cheapness, the driving, the obnoxious attitudes, these are no different than what goes on up there. I'm sure. These are frogs. A frog is a frog. A Pepsi is a Pepsi. A Quebecer is a Quebecer man. Aragon obnoxious disgusting and rude. And God, do I hope we hear from some of them today? We won't. We never hear from them on a show. Almost never. And don't tell me they don't listen because they were in remember a couple of years ago. They had the cameras down here. They wanted to get me off the air. Everybody wants everybody else off the air if you don't agree. And then the sun's sent. I'll have a lead at a turtle saying, you got to get point. Let's get them off the air. I say we ban a sun's sent. How do you like that? Then the bookstore lately, can you believe borders books and music? Can you imagine new Rogers unplugged? The best of Rickinsides. First sale at borders books and music. 1995's Best of WIOD CDs and cassettes. Beneviting Center 1. On sale at Waters Books and Music Wednesday. From news, talk and entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Okay, 1026. WIOD. By the way, also, I have a copy of the article about chromium peccolonate by Jane Brody. What is this from though? Dartmouth College and George Washington Medical Center are where they their research is ongoing about chromium peccolonate. But it says the dietary supplement popular among fitness buffs and people trying to lose weight has been shown in tests done on cells grown in the laboratory to cause severe damage to chromosomes. Although no animal studies of the supplements cancer causing potential of yet been done, the genetic changes observed in the laboratory suggests that this widely sold supplement could be carcinogenic in other words cause cancer. So if you're one of those people on the atkins who's jumped on the bandwagon of this thing, you want to think about that. I'm not taking it anymore and I'm not ever going to take it. And my doctor is never taken it from the beginning. He still lost over 30 pounds and looks great on the atkins. So obviously, you don't need it. And I think it's just a big hype job. Okay, let's do a Cooper city. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, and this month's playboy. They go after the Christian coalition, Newt, Gindrich and creation science. Did you hear about this? No. They're talking about how these people believe in talking snake. You want to be stuck to school at your e-talk to snake. Yeah, they want to be stuck lying to meet the garden of Eden and at 400 year old. And it wrestle with one snake. I'm sure that that's what Adam told me. Yeah, and they wanted 400 year old men or father and children. They took him grisha about this and he goes, I don't want to answer because either way I answer. I'm going to look bad. Yeah, that's a good political answer from a snake in the grass. But at that time they're finally going after what's in the Bible. I mean, people can't. Well, wait a minute, you see they're finally going. This was in playboy. So why does that come as a shock to you? Playboy and penthouse have a right and stuff like that for years because it's only degenerates like you and I who read stuff like that. I'm not a crossfire on creation site. They would never mention Adam and Eve and all that stupidity that's in there. Yeah. I just thought I'd play it. Oh, one more thing. If they brought Pat you can't get back on your auntie, he would. You don't probably say something about Adam and Steve too, yeah. Did you hear the Rick and start at the end with those guys with talking about what happened on your family channel last night? No, on channel four. Oh, I got some lesbian thing. I can't believe it on Star Trek. It's seven o'clock. They got girls doing each other on the family's loving channel. Whatever they call that. Right after the news. They had a lesbian scene in Star Trek and Star Trek. Yeah. Yeah, but were they doing it in a family sensitive way? I don't understand. I don't think it can do that. No, I understand if you use your pocket rocket that's family sensitive. Okay, pal. Hi, bye. Have a great life. Bye. Open line of day at 7519-463-751-WildD. We have one in Broward 524WildD and two on a green lines in Boca Palm Beach, etc. 1-800-944-494-63. So we just got a whole pulpo re-acrap going on. Of course, whether we get any response or not, that's problematic. By the way, don't forget that 1-900 all-neal number, which I was out sick almost all last week. So I want to give you a shot about it on Monday. But for those who can't either get enough of the show by listening to it for free, or those who are massacosed, or those who want to leave a constant message, or those who just, you know, I think the good idea, though, is to have everybody call their friends in Tampa, and everybody didn't know all over the country and say, you got to hear Neil Rogers, and if you don't want to call it on the show, just dial 1-900 all-neal ALL any aisle. And it's what is it, a buck 49th first minute, 99th sense a minute after that, and have them listen for like four or five hours. What do you laugh at about? The longer you listen to more money, we make what's wrong with that. See, I'm not going to give you one of these 900 numbers where we lie about it, and say we're going to educate you in stimulator. It's another scam to make some money. What's wrong with that? One 900 all-neal, I think everybody should be forced to call even the frogs, so they can hear the terrible things I'm saying about them. Here's a call from FIU, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Listen, I wanted to speak about the thing that's starting today, the pig patrol. You know, it's amazing. Well, you increased pork, you know. Yeah, it's an amazing thing that these guys sit around and legislate through all year long, and they're getting a lot of money. They're getting a lot of money. They're getting a lot of money. They buy all this expensive equipment, so they could put all these staff guys under bridges with radar guns. So they can write more business and then they can get the money from us to pay for it. And yet, when you call because your car got stolen in this crime-ridden city that everyone's murdering each other and the cops are even killing people, you know, you get it, like, well, we'll send someone over an hour later, they send some guy over who doesn't bother working to find out clues about who stole your car, dust the area for fingerprints, you know, get witnesses, and this and that. They still have a report here, give this to your insurance company so they could pay you money. And six months later, they're going to raise your rates. Right, that's right. You know, people did that anyway, you know? I can believe it. That's law enforcement in America, man. OJ is walking around on a loose. He's having a time of his life. He's out there playing golf, smiling and laughing and signing all kinds of contracts. And in the meantime, we got the, the, the, the, the speed police are out there and a guy damn highway and get all over the guy damn play. How much do you think this expensive plain cost and telecom veterinary can sorry, I got noise, but I want to run the pitch. That's probably one of them. Right. Okay, pal. Slow down. How do you like that? Open line of date, but hey, I've been talking about that for 20 years and nobody cares about it or they do care about it. They're not going to raise enough of us think about it to change anything. I'm going to say it again. I don't watch those shows. They're nauseating. They're disgusting. We know something. They're eight million other channels out there. So go get yourself a satellite dish. Go get you rent yourself a movie. You know, go buy three VCRs. Do something. Nobody is forcing anybody to watch those shows. And you assholes at the Sun sent a lot of other goody two shoes. See, this is part of this whole sensory mood of the 90s in America now. You used to be just the people on the far right. And a few people on the far left. These were the people who were in the censorship. Today it's the politicians. It's everybody. If you don't like it, then get it off the year. How about if we don't like what you're writing the newspaper, huh? How about if we don't like your editorial opinions? How about if we don't like the way you're slant the news? What do we do then? Oh, don't buy the paper. Well, guess what? Then don't watch those shows. That's all. Don't watch the goddamn shows. Don't watch Charles Perez and Oprah and Jerry Springer and Lisa. You know, we've got about 15 of these people now that are so popular that they have to hold up a card with their name on it like Ricky Lake. Anybody that's on television that has to hold up a card with their name on it. That tells me right off the bed. They're a loser. I mean, what is that all about? And that Ricky Lake that fat bitch. She's still holding up the card and supposedly she or her show is like one of the most popular. She's still holding up the card. Oh, yeah, very big with the trailer park trash with all those American housewives that are out there all those sluts. Here's a lady in the gables. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. One time. Listen, our first time call. Great. Yes. I'm very excited. Me too. Good. Good. Listen. I wanted to just make a quick comment about the frog down here in Florida. Yes. I just want to let all of them know that that's it. That number one. We don't want them here. And number two. We have enough drug money in Miami to support anything that needs to be done. That's it. Thank you. Just get back in their frogmobile. They're one of the baggers or whatever and get the heck out of Florida. All right. Okay. Thanks, Neil. Thanks. We are. Bye. See ya. Okay. Bye. We'll get her number for anybody needs any good stuff. We have an open line on the purple line at 18 T wireless pound ID. The two green lines have yet to show any interest to course because they don't even know there was an election in Quebec last night. It's on the front page of your paper by the way this morning. I just thought I would mention that close call Canada stays united. You know, 50,000 votes or less whatever it'll turn out of it's a seating from the country. The separatists, the frogs who want to start their own country because they got their own language in their own culture. So when the US will have let's see, and of course in the US it can't just be Hispanics because you got like the Mexicans are thinking one thing and the Cubans are definitely thinking something different. And the Puerto Ricans are thinking in the Colombians they're thinking drugs and everybody's thinking something different. So they can't have their own country. We might take like a few states that are like Jason to each other. Like Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana, maybe in Arkansas and give those to the Hispanics. Then we got the people at speak all the Asian. I almost said Oriental all those Asian people again. We got the Vietnamese. We got the Koreans and we got the Japs and the Chinese and we'll have to get them like California washed in an Oregon because basically they are and Hawaiian, naturally because they've taken most of those over already. And we'll make all of these into separate countries. That's how Assyna and Nistinguine Canada was yesterday. And because they came so close to winning, no, I want to show you something 80% of the people in Quebec 80% of the population are francophones in other words they speak French. 95% of the people in Quebec are assholes. So you put that together and it was like nip and tuck. Do you know what I'm saying? They got the Angle phones and they got the francophones and they got the Zyla phones and the saxophones and the telephones. And then they got they have another category for people who speak neither French the ringlish, which I can't remember the name of what that was. Yeah, they have a third category for these people like the Cree Indians and the people from Europe who are like Czechoslovakian whatever the hell it is. I don't want to say that it's kind of divided up there, you know. They're all getting along just great. All this crap about we got our own culture. You know, just show me where you are now get with a program and stop trying to like manipulate everybody else with all this emotional ethnic bullcraft. That's the problem with the whole world. That's why we got like Bosnia and Herzegovina and all these other goddamn everybody's got their big ethnic song in a dance. 1036, what am I getting excited about okay, especially with those frogs they really pissed me off man watching and I watched a lot of it last night and every time I see one of those goddamn frogs, whether they're younger old, it makes my goddamn blood boil. Don't forget one thing. There's no and by the way, what is November 1st the beginning of frogs he's in Florida I think so. And how about that guy to speak in a frog? He's not about Gary Sheffey. Oh, right. What's going on there Gary? Airbead day in this gun loving country of ours. There's like another incredible bunch of stories like dozens and hundreds and thousands of them. And Gary Sheffey all just seems to be a guy who's always in the wrong place at the right at the very wrong time. His wife was like having death threats last year. They may remember that. And now he's over there in Tampa just might have known his own business allegedly driving up and down to road and somebody walks up to the car and says hey Gary, that's for you baby. The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOV are not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. All WIOV programs are copyright 1995 by WIOV incorporated. No take recordings of transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOV. And you can't even cover it and you sound up a bad. This is the best. This is this road. What is that? A lot of old Alanda. You must turn on channel for immediately not sooner just to piss off the Sun Sentinel. It's another one of a talking head show. She's got this not bad looking abroad there on the right here. And she's dating the kid who's on the left who's also not a bad looking guy. And this thing in the middle is little a queen in the middle who could be either male female or in between kind of of androgynous with his legs crossed like real tight like a real screamer. He evidently was sleeping with a guy. I don't know how he's really done. We got some of course token black. There's so goddamn many of them. Isn't this incredible? Okay let's go to Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm probably one of the few Americans that have had an opportunity to live abroad. Yes. And then the parents, the parents, the parents of the France and so forth. And my point is, you know, if you Americans get chance to travel in the first place and they just don't really understand how the world works. That's where the game sure right. I understand this whole night. I'm like I have like German and English and Welsh and Irish ancestry right. But I don't go around telling me everybody in the world that I'm, you know, I'm American with English and French and whatever whatever the hell it is behind me. Yeah. I don't understand it. I can't relate to it. For example, my grandparents on a one side, they were Polish, which I'm certainly embarrassed about. And the other side, they were Russian and I don't have any interest in Russia or Poland or anything like that. And all the times that I go to Europe, the last places I would ever visit would be Russia, Poland. And certainly I would have no interest in going to Israel, whether I'm Jewish or not. So all of this business about people searching for their roots and looking and they're, they're, they're, they're superiority and everything. This is the biggest problem we got in the world. You know what? You know what? It's one of the reasons that everybody hates each other. That's exactly the old, the old J Simpson thing all over again. You know, it just all it does to separate people. You know, all it does is give us a, you know, a nice big division there to say, I'm different than you there for better. Exactly. You know, that's all it does. You know, why, why? I mean, those people in Quebec don't think have a clue as to how much more difficult they're going to make their lives. You know, I would like to know what kind of a weakling, simpleing government ever allowed the condition to create, be created that it is now where all these people in it. Instead of making it mandatory for them all speak English over a period of time because they were in an English speaking country, they allowed them to live this kind of separatist existence kind of reminds me of date counting. I'm going to say that. Yeah. And it, and it proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that all these advocates of bilingualism are full of crap. It doesn't work. It does not work. No, it's great to enjoy your own, you know, your own heritage, but it doesn't, it doesn't give you reason to use that as a, as a way in Rome do the Romans. You know what I'm saying? In other words, if they want to live in an English speaking country, let them learn English, if they want to speak Swahili at home, that's their business. But try to stop trying to impose it on everybody else. Well, look at Europe. They're trying to develop a Euro dollar. No way, man. It's never going to come together. Don't think so. It's, they can't. You know, every time they try to tie their money into the union, the money changes and fluctuates and they get jealous, they get pissed off because their value just went down. And they pull out again. No, you know, no one can, you know, just too many ego's going on there. Well, you know, we'll have to go see the boys and Sicily, give them an offer. They can't refuse. Have a great day, pal. See you. Okay. We got two open lines in Broward, 5249463, one on a purple line, 18T wireless. We pay for it. Pound IOD, one on the green line, one 800, you know the rest. Here's Miami Shores. Hello. Yes, sir. Welcome. Every time these are even to rallies, then the park is the fight that they always have the, the Cuban flag, they never raise you American flag. And every time we try to go get a job, it's always that he speaks Spanish. If you're American, you're out. You have to move up out of the state or somewhere up to state to get away. Well, you're United States. That's the idea. I think you just answered your own question. Move to the US. We have an open line of dates, 751, purple line. Don't tell me it's going to be another one of those days, man. This is the audience is getting more brutal. We got 756 different things out there on a table now, man. And I'm expecting. I'm going to come on here and motivate people to come to that hockey game tonight. This, I'm telling you, I think Joe Rose finally got his finger on something. I don't want to say it was Andy Assen towards whatever his name is. He's got his finger on it. This town is D-E-D-D. Bad, big time. It never was like really thriving in living, but now it's like the, that's the reason all we can get to come here is the frogs. Why the hell out what anybody in their right mind want to come here? Oh, well, a weather is nice. One of the weather's nice and a lot of places for crying out loud. They can go to San Diego. They can go up to Orlando and have something to do up there. They can go to Daytona. They can go to Hawaii in a weather is nice and everybody speaks to whatever they speak out there. Japanese. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. North Carolina. God save the Queen, me, I was watching Phil Donahue. And they had some frogs on there complaining about the United States of all things. So what do they come in here for? Well, don't they understand we hate them like poison and we don't want them here anymore. And it will along with their cheap money that ain't worth a damn nickel. Well, I agree. So he asked us, so what's your complaint? She says, well, up in Canada, we get 90% of the movies and all the television and they all want to act like Americans. And we don't get our Canadian influence. So I thought to myself, what is the Canadian influence? Well, that's my question. What is that? What is it that they have up there that's so special that they're missing? Besides going off in the woods with an elk and a six pack of medicine, what's what's Canadian culture? There is no Canadian culture. What's Canadian cuisine? I asked this question many times. Another than that smoked meat, which is just pastraming with a bogus name. What is Canadian cuisine? There is no such thing. I have asked that question myself. In fact, I don't want to tell you something as much as I like Toronto, the food in Canada, some of the worst anywhere in the face of the globe. The only thing I could think about was maybe, maybe. And Quebec, they have some French food, but that doesn't count. That's only a little part of Canada. Quebec, I've never been to Quebec and I could assure you now after this, I wouldn't even dream ago in here if they paid me by the minute. Well, of course not. I wouldn't suggest it. And as far as the talk shows, you forgot the lovely, corny wills. Oh yeah. She's a real, she's a real eye catcher. I'll tell you that. That's cute. What's that? It would be a 24 hours bike, can I? That's what we need on TV. I think we understand why he's back on therapy again. I never can keep track. Yeah, the 24 hour guy around and then he was gone. He's back on again. Yeah, he's sleeping with his teddy bear again. Since Carney went on the tube, he can't handle it. Oh, no, life's rough, isn't it? Okay, have a great day, sweetheart. Good to see you. Hi. Open line and Broward, five two four that purple line at AT&T wireless. That thing is how does it to Molly, they man. At the pound I would eat. What do we got in there? Some goodies from Dr. Radkins. All right. Oh, we got some stuff. Thanks again, by the way, to our friends over at Lorenzo's. We got a beautiful, beautiful bunch of stuff. Yesterday, some great fillets, which I had yesterday, which Milton your mouth. Boy, they got good meat. And this tea, which I'm drinking right out throat coat. Yeah, it's like a little overcoat that sticks right there on your tonsils and if they're not there on the Ednoids and on your uvela. Mmm, man is that good stuff. And of course, yesterday, Georgia taped up the box. There was a big box of this stuff for me to take home. This gives you an idea of the kind of insane asylum that we're working in. Puts it in the refrigerator downstairs, but has like masking tape around the box to make sure you're a little bit of a bonnet with a big fat man. And my name around, like do not touch it out here. And so with two o'clock, we go downstairs, open up the refrigerator. He ranks out the box and somebody has taken like a knife and sliced it open to check it out. I've had at least they weren't too keen on the cheesecake, so any of the stakes or the other good stuff. Probably a little bit beyond their scope. What was in there. So luckily, all the food was still in there. But they went and doubt they had to check it out. Wouldn't you like to have like one of those, one of those little security cameras that goes, you know, with a video tape that goes down, stop 24 hours. Just to see what's going on there in that cafeteria. And you know, the latest thing is everybody's getting their mail open now. Why is that? I thought we went past that phase. That was like a couple of years ago. Why what is that all about? Apparently we got all new people in here that think that they can open the mail before they pass it along. Oh nice. They find out where it's kept. They go into the boxes at night, especially on the weekend. And this morning everything is open and all the mail boxes. In all of the mail boxes? Well, I mean the big envelopes it looks like they might have something interesting. Like a book. Right. Like something free. Well, I make sense. Hey, listen to all the advice you ought to. We'll have a party and like every money morning. We'll let you come on down and you know, just ram through everybody's mail. To admit all these celebrities from how 105 it. Somebody could call it just to get an education. But what are they learning? You haven't tried it in his call for an investigation into whether hurricane players have received preferential treatment from campus police. And it be goes on where there's news. There's the best news team in South Florida. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Have you guys ever seen me chose? Do you know this so huge? 1054 WIOD. We have an open line in a day two and proud one on a purple line. One on all over the place. Okay. It's another great day in paradise. Here's South Miami. Hello. Hey, now how are you doing? Okay. How are you feeling about the way? A little better. Okay. That's a hit called. All right. All right. What's the nice ever open up? It'll be dynamite. Yeah. I can imagine. Listen. I wanted to talk to you. Can we get off this episode of centric racism? You know, it's not going to change. Like a friend of mine once said, you can't say everyone. Just trying to beat it when they blow up. But I wanted to ask you a question about the actin's diet. Yeah. I've heard you going off about it and I'm sure you're sick of talking about it at Nauseyman. I'm a courier and I'm frequently on the road. I'm in between jobs right now. Can I incorporate this diet into my lunches while I'm on the road? What do we buy that? Well, I'm saying this is that because I'm so busy usually when I come home. I don't have time to make a sandwich or anything like that. And I have to, you know, force feed myself at the fast food places which I'm getting sick of. And so I was just wondering if there's some way why I could have some kind of meals on the actin's diet that can cater to people that whose jobs are on the road all the time. Yeah. Why can't you go like this? The Jillian places where you can go and get like a steak and eggs or you can go into, you can go through the drive through and windies and get bacon cheese burgers without the bun. Just tell them no bun in there. You know, they slap it too on that little tin foil. Okay. So as long as you can just remove the bun and all the other extras, you can just have like the meat itself. That's all you really need. I burger with bacon sounds good to me. Like double cheese burger with bacon sounds pretty good. Okay. Well, you can eventually buy the book and I'll do it. Believe me, there's no excuses on this diet. I mean, there's just so many different things that you can eat from poultry and steak and the burgers and cheese and chicken and all kinds of seafood and lobster and shrimp and butter. I mean, it's just too much honor for people to make excuses. Okay. Plus wait until it tastes the cheesecake. Yeah, I'm sure it sounds real good. It is. Sounds real good. Okay, pal, good luck to you. Thanks. To help align to date County, to it, Broward 751, Wiod and date, before Wiod and Broward, purple line. We've had nothing on the look at that. Unbelievable. This is just, this is always deadlier than yesterday. Here's West Palm Beach, yellow. West Palm. Going once, going twice like I said, here's Kendall. Hello. Hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I want to talk to you about those talk shows. I mean, there are a bunch of crap. I mean, I was watching Jerry Springer a little bit this morning and he's got these guys that are dating girls that are called for a guy dressed up as girls. There you go. It's a bunch of crap. Well, at least, TV shows, Channel 10 has their channel 7 has their channel 6 has their channel 6 has their Tell me this question. How come people are watching them? They're stupid. I mean, they have nothing better to talk about. They all talk about the same crap. Yeah. And sometimes they're stupid. You know what it's like? It's like professional wrestling. It's exactly the same thing. It's a freak show. It's funny. You mentioned that because I was going to say that. It's not a big thing. Yeah. Yeah. Pursons all fake. But the public doesn't care about that. And there are a lot of it. It's like a lot of old women. They watch professional wrestling. And if you tell them that it's fake, they would like beat you with their first. Because they're convinced beyond a shadow of it out that it's for real. And they want to believe it's for real. And don't spoil their fun. It's the same thing with all these contrived stupid shows. Like the one with this roll ended. That's on right now. That's embarrassing. But this is the mentality of the American public. I know. You can't legislate intelligence. I mean, if the people are stupid, if this is what sells. What they have people want to watch, this is what's going to be on. Whether the sun's sent likes it or not. Well, you know, the sun's sent. No can do. And they can stick it exactly. Okay. Have a great day. Can I call somebody? Yeah. Scott. Matthew. Donna. You're both our violence. Okay. See you. Two open lines at date. Counties. Seven five one nine four six three seven five one. W.I.D. One in Broward. See, this is a concept in America that's very, very difficult. Becoming increasingly difficult. And as it is, it's more and more frightening for people to understand. Freedom of speech doesn't mean if you like it. Freedom of speech doesn't mean if it's tasteful. If it's educational, if it's with uncertain boundaries. That's not what freedom of speech is all about. And the people at the Sun's sent, and William Bennett, God forbid the former Secretary of Education, one of the biggest Nazis in America today. And all these other goody to choose and appoint their self-appointed sensors. They have taken it upon themselves to decide what can be on and what can't be on. What you should watch and what you shouldn't watch. And if you do watch stuff that we don't like, then we're going to go after the sponsors and hassle lemon, make it go off the air. I mean, this is insanity. If all America wants to watch talking head shows from the time they get up at the orange or the time they go out of bed at night, even though I made out of joy, even though I may think it's Kaka, I know it's Kaka, but if that's what they want, there you go. I don't see anybody trying to get hard copy and inside addition and American journal and all those other goddamn tabloids shows off there. And that's all the same crap. It's like the Haraldo Show. All he has on a Haraldo Show, I was Mike Walker, where every day from the National and Quiver, it's the Gossip Show. And this is nothing new. In fact, you see that book we had on Walter Winshala came in here the other day. This has been going on in America for 50, 60 years now. Everybody's a Yenta. There's no Premier Mon Intelligence or Interlector anything like that. Everybody is a goddamn Yenta. So that's why people are concerned about who's sleeping with this one and who made the phone call to the queen and Canada and who did it. With Kaka with garbage, that's what the public is into, baby. So we're going to take it away. We're going to make it a law. No more Kaka, no more garbage. How can you legislate that, huh? I mean, if we're going to put on a lot of really stilted old-style crap, I'll have to put like Larry Justice back on here on the weekend. The longer you listen, the bigger your attitude. 610 WIOD by Emmy Ford Lutterdale. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. This is Luna Dysfell with Donnell. I'll be Donnell Jackson. And today we're going to spell the word European. Spell it with me now. European. EURO. E-A-A-N. That's the big one. Now, let's you do it in the thinnest. So I said to the guy, I say, hey, get away from my car. European on my tire. This is Luna Dysfell with Donnell. I'll be Donnell Jackson. Okay, level 05. WIOD, happy Halloween to you. It says here, a cable sports network may be any, often a new one. The LA Times and the New York Times say, says, News Corporation and TCI could announce a deal later this week. The news corporation owns the Fox TV network. TCI's the nation's biggest cable rip off operator. The reports say a new sports network would potentially compete with ESPN, which is controlled by Cap City's ABC. TCI's programming arm Liberty Media has interest in 15 regional sports cable services that could provide programming for the venture. Fox currently owns a rights to broadcast some NFL and NHL and reportedly bidding for baseball. So there you go. Okay, like I said yesterday, pretty soon it's come to the point. And I, you know, it should be now they have the technology to do it now, where you watch whatever you want. You pay for like ball games for movies and that's it. Whatever you want to watch, okay? If you want to watch the talking head, pay him a quarter, pay him 50 cents and you watch it. And you ask holes at the Sun Sentinel, mind your own business and stop trying to be dick taters. Just like the same thing with their goody two shoes attitude about gambling. Oh, gambling is evil. Drinking is evil. Sex is evil. Everything is evil, including reading the goddamn news paper. So let's stop them all. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. How you doing? What is there? Some here. Okay. You're commenting about Canadian cuisine. Yeah. What is that? He's smoked meat. Besides smoked meat. Have you ever tried Putin? I beg your pardon. Putin. What is that? It doesn't need play for the Canadians. You can know, no, no, no. It's like Putin. It sounds like Putin, but it's Putin and it's a new dog with like brown gravy. I've had it at Hollywood Beach. You know, they've got all the restaurants there. Yeah. But it is really delicious to me. It is nasty. And it's the only thing I think that they've brought down here. All I got his mulls in beer and smoked meat. And that's it. There's no such thing as Canadian cuisine. They know nothing from food. And I mean, you know, I love Toronto. Canada is a pretty neat country in a lot of ways. And hockey is, you know, number one would bring it. But, but this business about some kind of a culture that they're hanging on to up there. What, what did they talk about? Yeah. What are these frogs? Exactly. Question. Do you ever get a chance to watch? I'm going to switch this totally about the writings. Do you ever check that out? Yeah, but you know something I mentioned this a couple of weeks. That's a show that's very disappointing because they have some really interesting stuff on it. Right. And then they put these real silly, you know what? I'm like, rogo Lopez stuff. Yeah. Anyway, but they remember the, oh, Oh, wait a minute. Can I interrupt for one second? Yeah, go go go go. And, uh, unsolved mysteries, which I do like that show. I don't get to say it. I like that show. They had a thing the other day, which should have been on sightings. It was about a bunch of these religious nuts. Right. And it was somewhere, it's always in the deep south. Like those nuts that are going to Georgia, you know, what's the name of that place in Georgia? Entry? No, not a. It's close to entry. But it's one of the, it's the Virgin Mary shows up. Right. Forever. Forever. Forever. Forever. Forever. Forever. And they were looking through these trees in this one spot. And they had these hundreds of people coming. And they all they saw all this gold and all this stuff in the sky. And they saw the picture of Mary and Jesus. So anyway, they took all these Polaroid pictures. Right. So they brought in a photographic expert and he showed in fact there was one picture where they were saying, Oh, yeah, look at here's the name of somebody from my past. It was a list of names that was superimposed on the picture. Right. And turns out they had put the, they put the, uh, pack of film. It was, uh, you know, Polaroid. They put the pack in their wrong. No way. Yeah. And they showed that when you reverse the, uh, if you open up the, the back of the pack, it's got like a list of different, uh, things on there. Right. And all it was was like the reverse printing of what was on the, uh, thing. Holy cow. Yeah. And they were turning all this crap into a, uh, and all these people, man, are so stupid. It's great. Yeah. They were probably saying they were having their own sightings. Yeah. They were sucking it. They're looking for just anything to validate what they know, what they're believing. Hocus, focus. And they were, remember the autopsy tape. And the dude who supposedly brought it to right was a guy named San Tilly. Yeah. Yeah. He was a guy with the grasses in the ballroom head. San Tilly put them, yeah. Right. He, he, he, it's putin, uh, they, they confronted him sighting, sent someone to his place. Yeah. And they said, you know, we're with you on this, but if it's, if it's real, we just will pay for it. We want somebody to really validate the authenticity of the tape. Yeah. And they, you know, they called him out on it. And he just totally carried behind. And you know, the agreement that we've made with Fox and yeah. So that's, and then the first time I watched it, I believed it. I wanted to believe it. And then, you know, when I watched the full thing, the second time, when somebody said me the tape of it, we'd just live at the house. You saw that with that crash stuff and everything. It was like, you know, like a great, ze, uh, like a bad basement, uh, gritty movie. Right. It was. Yeah. Did you, uh, did you also, I dropped off that envelope when I saw it. You and Allison run around in that, uh, in the back. I knew there was something wrong. Uh-huh. But anyway, did I get one? The envelope about that video. I dropped off last week or you were gone. You mean the rumor thing? You are phones are real video. No. You didn't, you got to ask George to show you that. Can I drop it off or you were at? Oh, George says he's got it. I think he's probably just a little bit. You gave it to me. Yeah. You have to get it through the 800, but it's supposed to be told. If you look at what I gave you, you'll read about it. Maybe you'll be interested in checking that out. Okay. All right, man. Thanks, pal. Later. See you. Okay. Look at a photo again, man. I'm telling you, you people are giving me intestinal gas. Bad. I mean, it's just, uh, one minute. I'm sitting here very comfortably. Everything is beautiful. And the next minute they're like gone. All the deadlines just opened up. There must be some exciting thing going on in a foreign language in date. What a concept. 7519463 751 WI. Oh. D and also in the green lines. 1894 for WIOD. Oh my god. What a, what a place. I'm moving to Quebec. Okay. I'm moving to Goddam Quebec City. How the Nordique do in, by the way. It's, see, that's the reason that they're pissed off. It's got nothing to do with language. It's got nothing to do with culture. It has nothing to do with anything. They're pissed off. They lost a Goddam Quebec hockey team who, by the way, beat, uh, who they plan last night. They beat, uh, Dallas, 61 and they're pissed off about that. Pretty good team. And they abandoned Quebec. How do you like that? Wasn't bad enough that Canadians got off to the band, starting head of fire of the coach in a general manager. That wasn't embarrassing enough. They lost a Goddam Nordique. That's what they're pissed off about. Our friends are aware of first big race in the season for the home-stead motor conflict. Their first big race is coming up Sunday. We're getting away tickets. We are. We love that stuff. You make NASCAR. I do, man. I work in the tens of oil right out of the can. How come we had be noted that your NASCAR noise is stopped? Rippings are 60% of him on news, pocket entertainment radio, 610 Wild. Ah, my thigh can't get up. What do you mean? Well, the older I'm getting the tougher it is to climb out of bed and start the day. George doesn't know it, but this morning he's getting pruned tank. A brand new breakfast drink that'll get him up and acted before he knows it. Here, honey. Drink this. Not bad. He's like Grembery, Juicy and Dunna. I'm feeling good. I feel like I could move a mountain. Come here, you little muffin. Oh, George. Don't let it age get you down. Try the new breakfast drinks, weeping the rest homes of America. New pruned tank. Pruned tank. It stores everywhere. By the way, if anybody does some sentals, this thing we did not say pruned tank. It's 11.16 at Wild. Don't forget our center. One thing starts officially tomorrow. I was talking with Phil Coston who said, you know, that's Sarah's an imbesuit. I said, I know that. But anyway, so the nine five four thing, forget about that. You don't need to dial that. Because now, first of all, we got this new deal in day and Brower this back and forth. The only first we went from the old where you dialed one and the number. Then we went to where you had to dial one, three, five and the number. That lasted about five minutes. People got pissed off. So they said, okay, we'll charge you a quarter. Isn't that what it is, a quarter? And if you live in Brower, you can call a day and number. You just dial the number and the same back and forth back. And forth back at you. So the number is five six one. O.O. seven eight and starting tomorrow. You can order your best of the t shirts and the CDs, the cassettes. And set it up and so on. Five six one. O.O. seven eight. And we'll be doing the thing at the, at the, Where is it? At the fashion mall on Sunday one to three. What are so damn many places? You know what I'm saying? And of course, this stuff will be in border stores starting tomorrow too. How does the Phil's t shirt look? Here is the four-later nail. Hello. Anyhow you doing. Okay. Did it show that for me? Invite me and think, cause it can't just stuff? Is it true? What? For me, Invite me and I think Cox is an option. Who said that? So in other words, now you're taking a brand name thing that Don Cox is advertising. You want to say a particular vitamin. And you want to get me involved in the middle of that. You're a jackass man. Let me say it again. And I haven't even seen the Cox thing. Chromium piccolonate according to the study at Dartmouth and George Washington University. Causes chromosome damage and is believed to be carcinogenic. And again, I can't tell you how much and what dosages over what period of time. But again, that's the story. So if you want to continue taking it, be my guest. I for one, I won't only tell you what I'm doing. I'm not taking it. Until I got some more information, forget it. Open line on a purple line. Pound I OD. We got one on a green line. 1-800- whatever it is. We got two on a, oh, it's brutal. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I'm going up on somebody on four. That's okay. I just will get rid of them now. Yes, sir. What kind of American food, Darder? Meaning what? Well, you're talking about Canadian cuisine. What's the American? How about hamburger's pal? There's eight million different kinds of American. A American meal. Huh? That's a gourmet meal. Meaning what? I'm not talking about gourmet. You're knocking Canadian things and, uh... I'm not knocking Canadian things. I'm saying there's no such thing as Canadian culture, man. What is Canadian culture? What's American culture? What's American culture? I'll give you one example of American culture, man. There it is. Look at that. Can't even get rid of them. Pick up the body. Two upper lines and brown are five to four nine four six three five two four WOD and other uptight connoct there, okay? So you want to get yourself right in there with those frogs. Now he's probably one of those guys that will wish he could have been up there in Quebec, which I'm sure he ain't even from there voting for the separatist yesterday. Just go to frogs could have their own way. Just because he's another whim. It reminds me of all new people that go to the dolphin games and stand up for that stupid location. That right there, you don't have to have anything else. That shows you how weak 99 and 9 10% of the public is. Pay a ticket, you pay 30, 40, 50 bucks to go to a stupid football game and you got to stand up and bow your head while somebody's mumbling some stupid goddamn prayer, which maybe they didn't even somebody from your own religion and usually is not. But hey, you're afraid you're going to offend somebody or stand out in the crowd. So therefore like the bunch of sheep that most of you are, like a bunch of lemons you go ahead and do it. Unbelievable. Poor Latterdale. Hello. Yes sir. I was born in Quebec on Shaw. Hey. Yeah. I have a problem with what's going on up there. Yeah. My parents when I was born moved to an English speaking area. Right. And not came loops. No, it's just a... Okay. I think he said French Farts is what he said but it came out like something else. Okay. We have an open line. Well, I was asking for somebody from Quebec to call but unfortunately he said the F-word on the air and we just can't do it. I think he was expressing himself there though. I think what he was trying to say was F-the-a-frogs. Oh, maybe he was trying to say frogs but he came out something that sounded like it but wasn't quite. Okay. Nice. Go on, pal. Okay. Take away his passport. Two open lines on the green lines. 1-800-9-44. I can see a tremendous amount of enthusiasm building for the islander panther game at the night at 7.30. I'm not getting no report from Jeff Moss or anybody else about the goddamn panther pack which ought to be well sold out by now and about the other 3,000 or so seats that remained on sold for the night's game which ought to be sold out. I just, I don't know what it is. I mean, it's never was like a really living in enthusiastic and breathing and exciting place but boy, the last year or two, this place is drying up like a gigantic prune. I mean, the search for life continues but I don't think we're going to be successful. 16-WI-OD. Download this. Why don't you go back to Canada to Canada to Canada to Canada. You're a son of a bitch. He rose from obscurity to claim a place among the world's most powerful entities. I am. I never can't suppose nine minutes. I'm just defeated crushed since the political showers. I'd like to wicked witch of the list. I am building one of my name all wet now. Four years later, he's alive again. And a... A roater guy. He's risen again to kill Republican trees. And when they get to visit us. He's ready to squire Democratic homes. When they have both from my party, they vote for ears, Bill Mock. I'll let you guys, he has reappeared out of two there and create solutions to complex problems the same way. I think we can sound as whole-defts of rabble. But the 4K is done big a bang. Can I really make 4 to me? The roater guys, the most terrifying political extrebing ends ever to get down. Okay, 1125. A lot of you, of course, with the holidays coming up, are very worried about going to the airport because there's all these little extra delays now and checking your ID and all this stuff. Because people are very concerned about the bombs on planes, things like that terrorist acts. Well, here's a new twist on bombs on planes. True story. It's in the paper this morning, so must be true. Routy passenger grounded it says New York. An investment banker accused of assaulting a flight attendant and defecating on a food service cart during a United Airlines flight was grounded. Under new terms of bail, Gerard B. Finnerin 58 must get permission from the federal prosecutor before boarding a commercial flight again. He will also undergo evaluation for alcohol abuse according to Peggy Long's spokeswoman for the US attorney. So if somebody is on a plane at your flying steps out into the aisle, squats and says, I'm going to drop a bomb, hold your nose. Man, that's a beautiful thing, huh? He's under investigation for maybe a little alcohol problem there, huh? As in maybe a little bit too much booze, but I want to stop and ask you those of you who've ever flown on a plane which should be all of you. How do you like defecate on the food cart? Without somebody catching on before you like drop the bomb? How do you do that? Very carefully. Maybe he was behind one of those curtains or something. As a matter of fact, most of the food I've eaten on planes recently, that's kind of taste like somebody got to it. Okay, anyway, let's go to a Pemberg Pine. Hello. How are you first time calling longtime listeners? All right. Big hockey fans see it all the games. I've been a season ticket holder in the last three years like you stealth. Yeah. We have probably the best. One of the best teams in the NHL and we can't draw. But you know something nobody is drawing. They had you know when the penguins played in New York, the islanders last Saturday night. Right. They had seventy two hundred paid admissions. Wow. When it when it devils played, I think also want to same night. The last this is the Stanley Cup champions. They had ten thousand people and they're drawing so poorly and they're having such a hard time getting that contract worked out in Jersey. And it looks like they're still a good chance. The devils may wind up a Nashville next year. You know, the first two years I turned a bunch of people on to it and everybody loved it. And you figure out this is going to go over big. Half is playing great and it's just I don't know. I just don't understand it. And I have a question for you because there's nobody in this town you can call for any questions. And the paths are game against Ottawa. Uh, late in the game they pulled their goalie. We scored a goal on an empty net. It was six on four. Right. Is that considered a short-handed goal? Yeah. What do you mean short-handed? We had a penalty. They had five on four. They pulled the goalie. It was six on four. Oh, I see what you're saying. That's a good question. I never really thought about that. If you wanted those statistical, I'll have to act somebody who knows. Right. Because last year we had none in 50 as two this year. Yeah. I was just curious about that. I would think so. I mean, a goal is a goal. Yeah. Okay. Well, good luck and we'll see you at the case. Bobby there, pal. Okay. See you. Don't forget we got 75 million seats on Solve. We got those 1800 Panther packet. Nine bucks a piece for the Islanders and the Panthers. Should be a win for us tonight. Mark Fitzpatrick and goal. Jody Hollis out. We know that. And who else is out? Who else got hurt? Come on. Real quick. Dave Lowry. That was the nasty thing that Derby Hendrix did to Dave Lowry. Even if he does play for Leafs. Nice gun, Derby. If you can't play good. At least in your somebody, right? But I don't want to get too hockey intensive now because I realize there ain't no interest. What are these people interested in besides? I think those people in Congress and a son said and I think they're right. Let's ban all those talking TV head shows. Even Bob Barker can't compete with them. That guy damn prices right, which was number one in the daytime for 100 years. He's on a verge of going off. How do you like that? Because they can't compete with this feeding for it's the national acquire mentality. Maybe I've a ton of that for years. And finally we've come full circle. Here it is. That's all they want is tabloid everything. So just turn on Channel 7, lock the door and stay inside. You know, why do you put that on your again? Why do you do that to me again? He doesn't understand. Why don't you get it? I'm sorry, but yes, they had to put you on a party. I know that was today. We have an open line in day, 751 WWWDS stubby junior again. I don't want chronics. I want different people. I want new and different living and breathing people. stubby don't take it personal unless you want to. But your voice in a noise me. It greats on me. It's like rubbing your fingernails on somebody's ass. Okay, I can't stand it. They're just our certain, the chronics man with that. Oh, God. You just hear the voice immediately. You want to blow your brains out or maybe his. That sounds like a good idea. Boy, if my ears would ever open up, I would feel so good. Damn, great. I think he goes with his ears again. Well, when you got a head cold, you know, guess what your ears plug up. That's the last thing to open up. When you got a bad cold, that's it. Oh, man. Why? When the doctor says, open wide, I already did this morning. Many times. But your ears that get plugged up. And then, of course, when you're in the shower, and you least expected, you get a little water in the ear and you turn your head. Oh, I just opened up. I ride. And you're screaming. Here's the Margate with our hockey answer. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Consider the shorthanded empty net goal. If you want to look in the paper, you want to saw in parentheses. H-E-N. H-S-E-S-H-I-I-S-E-N. So, yeah. So, I would say have a separate statistical category for that. Yeah. Boy. You really have to be a nitpicker in a nose picker to care about that. Well, you know, they have that stuff in the paper. So, you know, you notice it. You look at it. You got to figure it out. You take it in. Right. Hey, congratulations to the braze. And if you get a chance, could you play that piece of thumb up the shoe? Play one? That, that, that, that, that, that shoe thing for the braves? The FSU thing. That is stolen. Well, here's a guy who's honest in any radius of braves, man. But he would admit that they stole it from the seminals. That's right. Okay, pal. Thank you. See ya. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. If we could just get one, test going here. But man, I tell you, it looked pretty good. How do you know about that? So, anyway, guess what? The not slanting lady might call us one of these days. I kind of doubt it though. Isn't it a shame that we have people out there. We know they're listening. But we don't have anything to talk to them about. Like, heard the only thing we could ever talk about was not slanting, which is off the ear and the cubs, which I don't care about the cubs. But Ryan Sandberg, a very, you know, wasn't bad enough. He made the decision in the first place to hold him up for that big contract. When his career was basically over. And his Chicago Tribune company was too stupid to realize that. And they gave him all that big money and he flopped. And then he retired because he was too embarrassed. Well, I guess he's not too embarrassed anymore because Ryan was making a comeback at age 36 next season. He's coming back. Oh, for what? For what? The man's a multi-millionaire. He's got more money than God. He's got to come back and make a guy damn full out of himself. It's pathetic, Ryan. We have an open line on that purple purple line. It's been week today. Everybody must be on the inside, huh? Or maybe they're all frogs. Maybe that's what it is. All the people you see out there are like, they're both people and frogs. And the only people driving on the road. They're sure a lot of them. Driving irredeccly and badly. North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Oh, French Frog right here. But. What's going on? What's going on up there? I guess. What's going on up there? I don't know. I frogs are croaking. They're getting wise. Or. Man, it's unbelievable. I don't get much information being down here in Musa. Well, you got to have a satellite. This should watch this. I got to try to lie. You can watch CBC Montreal. I like, huh? I wanted to ask you about that. I can get the, uh, the Huck-in-9 Canada, but it gets them. It comes in all super blurry. But you got a crappy dish then. They're all about eight footer. That's pretty big. And then something about your dish. Yeah. Eight or ten. But I get it. But it's all big as your dish. I'm not sure exactly. It's not one of those RCA ones. Huh? It's not an RCA one. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You're well, you know, the old and ex-satellite. It's pretty weak. It's not the best new and it comes in clear as a bell. But the one that the Huck-in-9 is on it's, uh, you know, it's got some sparkles on it. Yeah. I should come in pretty good though. I mean, I can barely follow the puck with it, but I just really. Really? Really? I don't know. I don't know. Oh, oh. And don't share it. Oh, oh. Well, don't share it. Now you're talking about that dick-erval. Oh, God. Talk about a desperate frog. And then sometimes I switch it over to the French. Just to try to follow, uh, G. Well, why don't we want to watch the Leafs on there for crying out loud. Good Bob Cole and Harry and he'll get some real announces. Not dick-erval. Yeah. Okay. But, uh, you won't know the difference anyway. I mean, you can't see the picture right so you won't know which game it is. I can't follow it, but you know, it's just real blurring. And then I just get frustrated when it turns it off. You need a new receiver man or a new dish. But, uh, and uh, technician couldn't like turn that in better, huh? So yeah. Well, it all depends. I have no idea how crappy your thing is, uh, so how long have you had it? That's been like a year and a half. I mean, I get everything else pretty good. It was never any better in the beginning. No, it's always been like that. You must have a real cheap receiver then. It's on, uh, E2, right? Yeah. Yeah. You got a crappy receiver? I don't know. I mean, I wasn't, I wasn't the person that bought it, so. Ah, I was wondering about it. I was wondering about it. I was wondering about it, which is very obvious. Right. My brother-in-law. Talk to me, uh, settle like that. If I maybe want to talk to George, he'll give you more Hamid's number and he can, uh, he'll sell you a song in a dance. Yeah. Well, how come and take a look at it for you? Yeah, okay. That sounds good. So, uh, so how come if you've got the addition you weren't watching the CBC last night with all the up to the minute frog? I was working in the stars. Oh, man. It was, I got to be honest. It was pretty damn entertaining because it was so close. It was back in the fourth and it would show the yes crowd. They were screaming and then the no crowd would be screaming. Right. And, uh, you know, for Canada was pretty damn excited. I tell you, if being here in my whole life and being fresh Canadian, I'm still Canadian, uh, citizen. And I, I probably will never become American citizens for my own reasons. I'm a taxivist now with think. Yeah. I just, you know, you had to care. My dad's up there now, Terminator, ill, and he worked his whole life here. And now he went back and he took care of him as soon as he got back. So you can't, you can't deny that. Yeah. But, um, you have to understand, I mean, you got like eight and nine provinces. And you got one to speak French. And they're basically one of, you know, French has to be the first language up there. And that's the most important thing up there. And what, why is that? It's because they're arrogant and they're obnoxious. We are. We are. We are arrogant people. But you're not speaking French. Huh? You're not speaking French. You speak perfect English. I do. But I do. I was raised as a French Canadian person in my household. So that what's the problem? There is no problem. You can still have the English, but you, I mean, look down here. Go to high, Lee. Have you been to high, Lee? Yeah. What's the first language in high, Lee? It's a funny old baby. Well, I stayed county. It's a separate country. And it goes to show you. It's not a good idea. Date counties now working. It's a failure. Date counties a nightmare. The first one is a city. The second one is a city. A city. The first city. The second one is a city. The second one is the city. Which I won't mention that chicken oriented. That's not how I was the old duck. Yeah. And, I mean, all my employees are just all Spanish. Rory. I didn't, that's hard for me to communicate with them. Because they haven't, we have no, no, no. He just never proved my case. How come, and what are they just got off of, and then about or something. Most of them. Well, that's the problem. Right. Which is at school or lower number of days. In the last year, that's the day. English school there one year and then we have were mandatory to take French where if you go to French school, I'll be asking if you go to school in Montral or Lexity you learn English and French right exactly like if you go to a English school like I did because I was raised here I was mentored it's. But don't you don't you see how unreasonable this is in other words if they know perfect English and if the language of the entire country is English why can't they just do business and speaking English in public and if they want to speak French at home or it's just like you're in the county it's the same thing if people want to speak Spanish if they're more comfortable night at home fine but it's a America English whether it's official or not it makes it different English is the language of this country. Yeah but can be because English because they're French are arrogant they're arrogant they're pushing. There's never the first language there is always French why because of who came over cardiac and all those people cardiac a for crying out loud he makes a nice diamond. Yeah I know but I mean that's how it is and they want to just make sure. Yeah they may want to make sure that they get everybody pissed off all the time and believe either doing a good job. Oh God long as I can get them to 1015 percent they wouldn't be yeah good luck to you pal. Anyway the quality might have been great. God. Okay bye. See I'll put on a date 751 W. W. By the way I heard somebody calling the cause I did listen to about 10 minutes of Joe Rose this morning when I heard Gilbert I was working so I'm sorry guys but you know and somebody called in there I guess they were having another one of their stupid polls where they were either voting for something and that's it could keep played a by calls guys but I guess the way things are today I can understand it but the thing was the ugliest sports person and somebody called it and mentioned Luke Robotai and what a long neck he's got and how ugly he is anybody that thinks that Luke Robotai is ugly I'd like to see they a push on a collar who called that in okay I would just love to say that would be like Rod Roddy calling Bob Barker ugly. Castro goes to the UN and Cuban Americans don't like it that's life and then there's real life police detective Don Yipri makes that the young couple brutally murdered more than a matter of day old knew the murder victim in Boca the best new old news talking entertainment radio 610 W. I. O. D. So I says to Andy Cowby says what was this story about this big to do with the Phil Henry and Sarah yesterday and Andy says that fucking bitch I mean people are getting pretty emotional around here about this production bitch I mean about Sarah you see when it's one person in the building that thinks you're full of crap then it could you know it's either or when it gets to be too then we start having some doubts but when you got a problem with everybody else in the building when everybody else is wrong and you got the answers everybody else's full of crap then we have to start wondering just exactly what the problem is there you know what I'm saying please don't say the yeah well I'm thinking about it we have an open lot of new blue line 5249463 524 W. O. D. I mean it's just it's just astonishing see one thing about this company I want you to understand don't ever forget this they hire people off the street people who have no qualification no background people who have been fired in other places people who are proven incompetent I mean beyond a shadow of a doubt people who have no background and whatever job they're going to place them and they give them a title once Cox corporation gives you a title they will stand behind you in spite of everybody else in spite of all common sense in spite of everything until they fire your ass that's the amazing part then after they fire your ass they run around saying oh boy was that an answer all or what instead of saying you know you're really screwing up your outline your full of crap either straight enough get your act right or you're right here they don't do that it's not only Bob Green it wasn't only Mike Disney this is the Cox bureaucratic mentality and this is why this place is what it is here's uh Davy hello now what do you mean for lunch today what am I you're writing a book or what second cuisine you fed you past okay let's go to there's that same frog call it back again okay what's the matter we offend you let's hear some of that great Canadian cuisine man god even Toronto city which is one of the greatest probably the best city in the western hemisphere but nevertheless man the food there I wouldn't feed it to my dogs I don't think they would touch it you can't complain about the food there because the reason then it's weak here's boi and be chill oh okay hey listen I'm talking I'm gonna call talk about uh the fire my ears are plugged to begin with but you you like sound like you're gonna take it a mud bath hey I'm talking about the Philadelphia Flyers here yeah I grew up in South Philly and uh listen that's the hardest ticket to get you know they're always sold out since 1967 yeah there's nothing like those Philly fans man they're really great okay yeah that's what I'm talking about listen the problem I think is with the panthers here is the transportation system if I want to go to a let me ask you a question how come the first two seasons we've filled up almost every game with 97% capacity and now the transportation which is exactly the same as it was the first two years now there's a problem I don't get it okay listen I want to go to a game right I got to take Carrell and I got to leave the game at the end of the second period to get home yeah well that sucks it does that's why I don't go I only tell my goes when the flyers are playing and I can get people to go well when they build a newer reen in Broward then you won't have to worry about that I can't wait for that to happen yeah thanks for that me talk okay oh I mean there's a guy that's got a legitimate problem I mean why would anybody in the right mind want to go to a sporting event or a concert or something that have to leave way to help me for it's over because there's only one way to get back home that's part of the screwed up you know because we got great mass transit in this town because we're a world-class city right right just keep saying it it's gonna make it so we have two open lines are both on those green lines in Palm Beach if there's anybody up there who has any idea what's going on which I doubt 1-800-944-9463 1-800-9C Palm Beach crowd those are the people they relate to the trailer park trash that's on those TV talking head shows so why do we even waste my time with them because when you see people who are just like you then you can relate to it just like when I saw that fruit cake they run Roland or whatever name was here's Miami hello yeah yes sir um I was calling respect to the addiction in Canada you see we are the me I'm not you're a non-one yeah non-what non-person no I'm a I'm against the subridden well congratulations sir you're whipped their ass by about 10 votes by 10 votes yes actually the the issue about the French as the French culture they spoke to the fall of Quebec to the British yeah and they're still looking at their wounds about that that's the looking over there they want to refight the god damn more that's their problem and the Korean says you want to fight the French and Indian more all over again we're ready to do it I think the god damn Indians out of what they'd call back that's what I think they out of were very the rest of the god damn province and wipe those frogs out of there do us all a favor because I'm curious about they were having a constitutional talk I'm I'm the Native American there where you know it's looking the same right the Native American wants the Indians yeah yes and what happened was that the Quebecers wanted the rights you know have French culture all that what they were not did you tell me what that means what it besides the language what is French culture what does that mean I presume it in that the culture that has been there since the 15 or 1600 but what is it besides being cheap and driving slow what is it I guess it's kind of arcade because they've been they have been if you please divorce from France or almost 300 years now but what is French culture what is it see you can't even explain it that they can't explain it because there is no such thing yes it's called being stubborn boneheaded and speaking of language that nobody also understands that's what it means so congratulations again amigo okay I was to come you'll be this we haven't always see you got to speak French you got to speak English you got to speak Spanish you got to speak Creole you got to speak Vietnamese you got to speak Korean you got to speak oh my god just everybody speaking English that's the way we want to we don't want to let them pose our values or attitudes anybody else but we're pretty stupid we're not really well educated we can't certainly learn English much less and foreign language so just everybody in the world stop by confusing us speaking English and we'll get along a lot better okay okay thanks for solving that for us Neil you're welcome six can double U.I.O.D. but accident waiting to happen Jackwood can't keep his packer in his pants pick my nose again I just can't wait to pick my nose again I'll roll up greenie balls and beat them at my friends I just can't wait till I pick my nose again I know again through my index finger and I'm through my brain here we go again I got to take them out before I go insane I can't refrain because I got to cold again long joy is ours up to get in gold again I'd use your handkerchief what those were his been don't thank you I'll just pick my nose again here's something in for you are you suck it in and hold it pick my nose again what a great way to pass the time along the highway you can be my friend but those and those big old boogers fly in my way you won't pick my day pick my nose again I'll do it by myself or with my friend acts like your nose is kitchen if you must return but whenever you do just pick that nose again and I don't give a damn who in a family love this good thing to a WID by the way right under the story about the erotic passenger who defecated on the food cart on the united airlines plane uh right under there is a story says body stealing charge Ogden's burglary York three teenagers are accused of digging up a body in a graveyard then cutting off his head and carrying it around in a plastic bag wait till you hear this now when I found out it just made my stomach turns said Vera Nichols owner of Nichols funeral home in Ogden's burglary York this goes beyond just development it's a lot different from last Halloween when kids tipped outhouses in such things these are bad boys says Vera profound statement Vera all right the ages 18 17 and 15 the boys were charged as adults with body stealing a felony and opening a grave a misdemeanor here's for a lot of nail hello hey Neil yes sir are you doing okay um i'm watching TV last night of the situation yeah oh why would i do that i don't know you haven't even said anything yeah yeah i heard it all right listen i was watching you want me to hang up on you with that like you're there something no no listen to what it hurt your feelings of all how I was of the position to add out my thing was current affair something yeah on Nancy home freeze from channel four who does that Nancy home freeze she's been to the new channel four yes she's been to the four which is now sandwiched with the eto delin you know some other people never heard of her never heard of the bitch you never heard of her no anyway she should know that they put her name said Nancy O. Del and I'm wondering if they got near her eto delin her will I'll be damned it I don't know it's just kind of weird she black no she's white he's black yeah I know that yeah I mean not that that should make a difference but especially now we're doing we think you're a little a little concert about that yeah well I don't know I was being seen what you know about that okay well that's something we can know stick our finger into okay yeah okay I hope it's yeah open line today maybe some we've got the answer for that is Nancy O. Del married to a digger O. Del open line in date 751 one and browner five two four what on the agreed two on agreed line one eight hundred nine four four their dead their deader than dirt how come we can't get some goddamn Canadians calling in here today huh what they'll as wrong with you people for crying out loud just because the leaves are our last place I'm not getting all too upset about it we got a long way to go we'll be all right once Matt Sunday comes back let's go with you guy damn connucks let's hear about that Canadian cuisine about that smoked meat five two four nine four six three an open line in browner here's pebble pines on a purple line hello yeah you do okay I think it a chance listen to yesterday but to turn back to attention about a pain I find it with your rubber stadium yeah yeah we had about six hundred calls on it all right let me do that and get a chance okay well thanks for the old news okay purple line is open a yellow line is open a browner line is Reagan Wiod Andy yeah yeah you tell me he's full of crap about what the beast been so much time and drawn on the he knows his good food there food sucks there this is same guy to call before yes it is yeah so how many times you got to call and tell us the same thing oh yeah this is the third call and you're still full of crap see that's what we got that's our Canadian list there out there there's a lot of good Canadians out there he's not one of these in asshole the food in Toronto sucks their pizza sucks their steak sucks they're like seafood sucks their Chinese food is a bismal the food there is bad although you have smarties up there which are like the uh they're like a foreign equivalent of M&M's you have smarties they're made by nestle can't get him here you get him in Europe and you get him in Canada like I said they know they're candy up there they got good candy but they're rest of their food blow so just go up there they need a lot of candy open on a day 751 Wiod the two green lines in Palm Beach I'm telling you man if we got a one share left in this market it's got to be one of the greatest miracles in the history of the human race I have never I mean this is like we're back in the Alex Bennett stages like back when we were down like a four share on their show we're back in a never never line we're finished we're done we're sitting here and in the meantime they're flying banners over Joe Robby Stadium trying to be comedians and we got the program director going home and getting drunk because Sarah's telling off Phil Henry and completely I guess Phil was the only guy left in the building that she hadn't told the F off so you know and other cycles complete Sarah nice going honey with a big potty mouth see like I've said before if you're really to a great job if you're like somebody special if you're really are important if you really mean something if you really got your crap together then maybe if you feel compelled to tell people off if that's your style then I guess you're in a position to do it but when everything you touch turns to drag when everything you get involved with is like a goddamn living nightmare and then you're running around telling everybody else that they're in competent and full of crap and on grateful sons of bitches then I think there might be a little bit of a problem there you know what I'm saying that's fucking bitch here's the Fort Lauderdale hello. Lady in Fort Lauderdale hello. Can I kneel I do? Okay. Happy Halloween. Let's go back to you. I just want to say love you show and listen all the time and Canadian food sucks and I saw the banner at the game on Sunday yeah and I was so funny and of course I got it you know because I'm with it and I go to the bathroom right after I look up and they have the attendance name on duty and it was Louise Miguel. How do you like that? I thought well damn. How the whitey of fallen huh? I know. He's in the ladies room. Yeah. You know I must tell you something. I know. So I just want to let you know not one and keep watching Austin on days of a life. He's hot. No. He's not that good. You don't like him anymore. No that first day I guess it was out there in a dark yet as close off and it was kind of shadowy you know he's not not that good from the next down he's pretty good the neck up he could use a little work. Yeah. He couldn't touch Nick's ass I'll tell you that right now. I think he might want to but I don't think he could touch it. You know watch you I'm gonna horny. Well I don't get it at work. It's in place which all those channels around everything and I can only get a few like 107 of course but uh and 10 and I want to watch all my children. I channel 7's like a 24 hour soap opera that ever stops and by the way if you see Rick Sanchez lately he's faces like a chipmunk and looks like he's storing nuts for the winter. I know I think he's been storing nuts. I think he's been storing nuts. Yeah. Have a great day. All right see you at Maytie mall. Okay. Bye. That's this Sunday from Monday 3 it'll be real interesting to see if we get anybody to show up there after the way this audience has been the last several like what's it been about last five years they've been like this. 5249463 were making the big turn now into that noon to one hour baby the final two hours of the day and boy this is when they all abandoned this man they go to lunch they go out for that great Canadian cuisine they go for a little bit of smoke meat they you know push back with a few mulsons there and that's all they know that's all they know from is mean my 5249463 and go the green are those green lines so they disconnect them or what what is that you hear that hello huh that's the roll over so it always sounds like that it's the roll over but I like that look at that there rolling over in Palm Beach 1 800 944 9463 don't forget the center one thing starts tomorrow the CDs are great the cassettes are great and fill of course this afternoon is going to tell you about those goddamn t-shirts I've been on me radio station with an armored car and boy did we need it 610 W i O d Miami Fort Lauderdale use talking entertainment radio 610 W i O d teacher attacked on school grounds good afternoon at 12 o clock