This is the Neal Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions? When you fly on your vacation, do you want to go virgin? I don't know. I don't have a lot of experience. Or do you want an airline that's bitter round? Hey, I can take you anywhere you want to go. Any way you want to get there, baby. That's us. Non-virgin Airlines. Not only are we fast, we're loose too. We're loose too. With service you'll never find on a virgin flight. A stewardess that could you flip up my pillow please. Sure things for me. Wow, I said my pillow. Non-virgin Airlines. Go round the world on us. Non-virgin Airlines. We've really got the night. And non-virgin Airlines. We fly on our way. We fly on our way. Okay, 10-06WOD. Happy Friday to hear it. This week has just flown by. And last week was really draining and innovating. We had all the OJ stuff and we can't get away from it now. And yesterday I go home and hear his Montel with a bunch of black people. Scream into a bunch of white people. And a white-sauce-cream in back into black people. And the whole concept of the program, the topic, is the media turning us into a racial thing and dividing the country. And he's got a racial hysteria there on his show for an hour. Airvys show you turn on man. They just can't let this thing go. They cannot let go for a second. Also, this is on the AP this morning. This is very old news. But sooner or later they catch up with everything. A conures Georgia woman claims she received a message from the Virgin Mary. Maybe she flies in Virgin Airlines every October 13th. Today's today, baby. Today there's going to be a virgin in conures. Local officials say up to 20,000 people may show up for the event today. The local sheriff says a hundred tour buses have arrived from as far away as New Mexico. He says the county's motels are booked up. The hotels, the motels, the pup tents, the pickup trucks, the trailer parks. About 25,000 people showed up at the woman's farm last October 13. And you tell me that there's a lot of really bright people out there. The Virgin Mary, she's going to make an appearance every year and conures Georgia. Oh, right. And then this thing about what the O.J. jury didn't hear. I got to save that for later from the inquire. I mean, that's really incredible about how they did the tests. The Luminale test on the Bronco. And there was just all kinds of blood over the day in place. Blood had been washed off the Bronco. And it's just some really interesting stuff. That for whatever reason the jury never heard. But that's because Marsha and Chris didn't want to do too good of a job. They want to give him a fight in chance. And then here we got the most disgusting. You know, yesterday we got that big tease from the Panther organization. We got a major announcement going on. Which I tried desperately to find out. And then we did at least ahead of everybody else. We found out it was nothing more than the bees are sighting New Year 3 year deal. Well, even if you love the bees are a few. Think he's the greatest goal tender the greatest human being on the face of the earth. The fact is if they're not going to be here, who cares what's going to happen the next three years after this year? Who gives a flying crab? And then this morning we get hit. I mean just belted right between the eyes with this Mickey Harrison and Wayne Crap. Now, don't we have that in the things still here about where Wayne and where do we have that thing? Where Wayne was and I'm going to tell you something right now and you can mark it down. Okay. If Broward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Yeah, it's okay. So Wayne has already made it very abundantly clear that even if Broward tomorrow, like $500 billion and we built a mustotted the earth facility that like gold in every seat. Golden depositories for your hemorrhids under every seat just in case he still wouldn't play there. Now he says that he won't play in date. Are we starting to get the message hockey fans? Are we starting exactly speaking of hemorrhids in depositories? You don't need either one because there's already that finger right in that slot. Just put your finger in the slot, baby. Yeah, that's right. He says that barringing it says in a year old today and this article about the arena, barring a near miraculous development. The hockey club will either be put up for sale or begin making plans to move to another local by the end of the month. Well, what local are we talking about? And you know, it's pickers up there in Palm Beach. You think that we're going to drive up the Palm Beach to watch a hockey game or a basketball. Well, we don't have to worry about basketball because Mickey Ererson is the, there's the villain. I've been telling you that the last few weeks when we find out what's really going on here and how Mickey Ererson is really trying to get the, the panthers out of town because he don't want no competition. Because he can't really give you a good team. He got you an expensive coach with some slick down here, but he can't buy a good team. So he's just going to try to do it with mirrors and shove everybody else out. He says, hey, wait, I'll give you a little dose of your own business. It's called muslin out the competition. And today he says, I don't think we need an arena partner. I think it's probably simpler to work on an arena without a partner. So all this bull crap we've been fed for last several months now. Yeah, they're going to really get together and they're going to do what's best for everybody. And it's good business and they're going to build one up there by the day, Broward line right by Joe Robby. Steve, you're all full of crap because something like that never happens here. The only thing and by the way, Bob Rubin, you're full of pus, okay? Because, you know, if this wasn't a bush league town, how come before, how come before the hurricane started to be a number one all the time? They used to have 15, 18,000 people in the orange bull. He won a played noted game. And how come when they have been number one last to 10 years most of the time? If they're not playing FSU or Florida or Notre Dame, they have like 40,000 empty seats over there. And this is a major league town. Get out of here, you're full of crap, Bob. You bolt headed geek, you fool. And thanks to Dave Hyde for, you know, justifying what I've been saying for years about Larry King and his column this morning. It says, when you're right, you're right. And Neil Rogers has been right for years on what are fraud Larry King is. How do you like that? Dave Hyde finally gets to it, okay? He says King doesn't to interview. He does commercials for Johnny, Cochrane and Company. And by this point, anybody dupped into believing King has credibility on anything deserves to be as in dupped. Yeah, lo me this. That a boy, Dave. Well, one out of two ain't bad. Okay, Devos got Dave Hyde and that ball headed geek on every Thursday. I thought Rubin like maybe had a little bit of sense, but he's just a glib, another one of these typical Harold Shills, you know? He's just another wannabe. He's a guy that pretends he's like in a big league town. And he's just in his bush league place. Stop pretending Bobby, okay? It's just a goddamn big pasture with a bunch of illegal aliens in it. Sports palace on the bay. Unbice and tenial park. That's a nice neighborhood too, by the way. If you think the arena's nice and safe and in real good neighborhood, just wait till you get over to buy Centennial Park. That's beautiful. How do you get there, by the way? Can anybody explain to me how you get there by like a hydroplaying? By blimp and by helicopter. Not by road certainly. Maybe we just still parked down by the arena. Maybe Tony did always marino still honor my parking pass. And we just walk over to the arena. Unbice and tenial park. That's not a bad walka from the present Miami arena to buy Centennial Park. That's a nice safe walk about 630 at night. No problem. What a maniac, a newer arena in Bison, tenial park. And the city of Miami, October 26 will consider setting aside pace in the park, a space in a place where a newer arena could be built of a deal comes together. The five acres site is on the northeast corner of a port expansion plan that could bring four new cruise ship terminals. See that's all this is all about. Everything is involved with those damn cruise ships to his, where he's ripping off the public something fierce and has been for years of making a billion dollars. So let's build an arena right down there by cruise ships. So we can put it all nice neat package you get it together. And we can get all those fools off the cruise ships. And maybe they'll go to where he came because I guarantee you. If he builds the arena there, nobody else will. But you can go to the bank on that. Let me say it again. All Panther fans avoid the heat like the plague. Because it's Mickey Harrison. It's trying to take away our play toy. Okay. Wayne's a piece of dirt. No question about that. But he's he's dynamite compared to Mickey Harrison. He's trying to take away our Panthers baby. And I say, I'll pox on your ass. Mickey Harrison. Okay. You got it? You got it? Let me first do those. 1013 at WIOD. We're of darkness and in cities forces working to do them. The future of all South Florida radio stations. Except one at 610 WIOD. More than 100 new people a day moved to South Florida. And every one of them has been offered a choice. Listen all day to 610 WIOD. Or be ship back to Waterloo. Listen Waterloo. They're listening. It works like this. Listener you're out of here. And thank you from you's talking at a tame at radio 610 WIOD. Hey asshole. What word did you say? Cross dressing man. They're everywhere you look these days. In movies TV and magazines. And now there's a place that lets men open their closets to a whole new world of possibilities. It's Victor's secret. Yeah, it was an I'm looking for a tasteful boosty aid and taken away to the office. Victor's secret. Founded by Victoria's older and much prettier brother. Is the place to cast aside the home drum world of Levi's and the office and enter the magical realm of Gucci's and Garder belts. Hey, uh, tell me the truth. Now does the hair on my back? Well, go case. Take it out of this tote top. And don't worry if you're a little shy. At Victor's secret will help you test the waters with way fashions. Like lace panties with suspenders. But in flight studies and sexy presirs with the logo of your favorite team. Get give me a San Jose Sharks Brock. Say it's 46 AA. Yep, no doubt about it. When you put your hands on our panties, you'll discover. Victor's secret. Oh, how heavy down here at Victor secret. The feminine fashion boutique that lets you become on the man. Nobody can afford. 10 17. It's WOD. Look at that phone. Rough to a rousing start again here this morning. They're really worked up about all this stuff. 751 WOD and day five to four WOD and brown. 109 449 463 in Palm Beach and etc. So I want to agree line in the yellow lines. And you know it. This is a picture of a Robert Kardashian and O.J. Secretary the morning after the killing standing outside can soling each other. And here's a picture of that garment bag of O.J. which is sitting down there just bursting at the seams. Obviously loaded with good stuff. But nobody ever found out what was inside and where to held all went. Which is kind of interesting. Also the thing about a prison guard over her and O.J. saw by a did it during the jailhouse meeting with Rosie Greer. But nobody ever heard about that because it would defy on ladies right to privacy. Okay, good point. 751 WOD and day. So I guess it's going to be an all day Luis Miguel costume, not every show tonight. Because they are going to call for nothing this morning. Palm Beach on a purple line. Hello. That would be Palm Beach. Just sweet revenge. Haven't you to have to drive up to Palm Beach. Ain't got to happen man. Nobody's going to drive it up there to go to a hockey game. Why would you care? You got a beautiful new purple bed. Yeah. So what about it? Hey, I can explain the blood on Joe J's Bronco. Yeah. He hit Ben Boreen on the Pacific coast. I'm away. Yeah. What's your most Ben Boreen? Positive. Okay. And it's in the little train, right? Okay. Get out of here. 751 WOD and day. 524 WOD and Broward. AT&T Wireless. Palm.ioD. Two green lines. 1 800 944 9463. Here's a lot of day of lakes. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Yeah. Hi. Okay. Yeah. Your 100% correct. Stay away from them damn him. They're no good. Yeah. Yeah. And also. Yeah. I was just out. Yeah. I was just out to your line in June. Yeah. And I started up my car. Yeah. Yeah. I switched on the radio and hit my presets. Did you guys? Oh yeah. And you had a Hollywood toilet commercial on. Yeah. I got it all the way in South Carolina. We're big up there in South Carolina. Yeah. Yeah. They're getting liched my bread. Okay. Yeah. Okay. How about someone dig me up? Elvis Presley. Someone dig me up. Okay. Okay. Dig this. Look at that. Fall in this morning. I thought yesterday we got off to a rather slow start. This is just shocking and disturbing in the grotesque. Nobody's got anything to say about this great idea that Mickey Harrison is screwing us over. And says, Hey, listen, I don't really, uh, Not serious about working with Wayne. Who needs a partner anyway. I'm going to stick my own thing down there. I'd buy Centennial Park right my bike by my cruise ships. Nobody gives a crap about that. I think fat hank is right. But here's about the fact this is a lame duct team and it's going to be the last season for the Panthers because Wayne's going to wind up selling a franchise. You can almost go to the bank on that right now. Nobody gives a flying crap. Nice going guys. Nobody cares. They got another thousand, uh, god damn panther pack seats. So they're having to get like almost 2000 nine dollar seats to try to put some asses on the seat over there. Nobody gives a crap. Five, two, four. WiodD and Broward Purple Line, pound IOD. It's going to be all the least Miguel all day to get you ready for this weekend. Baby, 10, 21, it's WiodD. 16 WiodD. The edge gets sharper every day. It's Friday. You best. What is this show? Ro? Ro what? Ro your boat? Rolanda. Rolanda. Rolanda. Rolanda. What a cute show. This is man. Another one of these. They got 8,000 talking head shows and it must be the same guy damn people with different clothes and makeup on all these shows. How many other people are sitting around that working all guy damn day long? 10, 25, WiodD. Here's a mobile info. Hello. Let me say it again. A mobile info. Yes sir. Getting out of town for the weekend. I got a little at. Can you report for you? Yeah. Three weeks now. 15 pounds. Very happy. Great. But get this. cholesterol dropped from 264 to 240. And the doctor is unhappy. Watch to put me on medicine to lower the cholesterol. No way. Two or four points. Two or two. Two or two is not that bad. Two or four of the indexes are like life threatening. But it's coming down. Right. And that's my point. The trigosterized one from 150 to 70. You know what you need? You need a doctor. You need a real doctor. Not an asshole like that. Yeah. I can't believe that. I'm serious but you won't do it. You need to find a good doctor. Well maybe that's what I'm going to do. But I want more questions. There's a way to really start to drop slowly after those first two or three weeks. And it depends on her. I can't tell you how much you have to lose. Well another 10 to 15. Well it's going to be slow. Okay. Well at lowest I've ever been in 20 years. So that makes me feel pretty good. Well there you go. But people still don't believe when you tell them about that diet. You know something if they don't believe it's screw them. Okay. Just stick with it and keep doing the right thing. That's what I'm doing. Okay pal. Good luck. Yeah. When you feel good and you're doing great. It's like yesterday I go to my mother's. Which I don't know if I'm ever going to eat another meal there again. Okay. And then she always gives me this balloon. Oh, just eat what you want. I'm not forcing any day. She gives, she has a roast which was very good. You know some roast beef. And she's got broccoli and she's got a dish of walnut. She's got to have 17 different carbohydrates on the table. Which I don't want. And she's got the book there. Okay. She's got the book. She's headed for two, three months now. And extra copy of the adkins book. So what does she have with the meat? She's got parsnips. Well first of all, who even ever heard of parsnips? Okay. Oh, they're not potatoes. They're parsnips. So you know they're okay. They basically have no taste anywhere. They're like kind of putting mushroom in your mouth. And so I finished with this. And I sit down. I open up the adkins book. And I look under the vegetable list. Next to sweet potatoes. What vegetable is the highest number of grams of carbohydrates? Parsnips. One tablespoon is 18 grams. For a tablespoon. You know how much a tablespoon is of any of a vegetable. Yeah, right. Like your thumb. It's kind of like, you know, it's like she's working over time. Just to make sure I don't succeed. Just to make sure I don't lose too much weight. So I can keep wearing these old, jubaggy pants in mine and walk around like a big slab. Okay. And this has been going on all of my life. I'm 50 almost 53 years old. And she's doing, I'm doing the best I can. Right. To screw it up for me, bitch. Though I say, bitch, that's right. Open line in date. 751, 100 purple line, pound I OD. One on the ablu line. Five, two, four, and two on the green lines. Off a week. Starting at this morning. I thought people would be psychotic about this damn. I'm a Mickey thing. Mickey, my good friend Mickey Harrison. What is goddamn cruise ships, which you can stick the whole port of Miami right up his ass. Here's a mobile in Hellendale. Hello. Hey, Neil. I think I got the whole thing figured out. Follow me and tell me how close I am. I have a group of his right man. This is a great town. This is a real sports town. Right. Tomorrow morning. We're going to wake up and read about a podry affair between Mickey, Aaron, and Jerry, Jones. Yeah. And where the teaser was when he comes up in the next game, we're going to find Dion. And then Dion's going to carry the panters clear to the, uh, okay, we have an open line in date, 751, what on the blue line, five, two, four, what on the purpose? This is my last time. I'm going to queue up Louise right now. Okay. You don't want to play the game today. How folks? That's okay. I'm feeling great. I thought it was just going to be. We've had a real piece of cake week here. No problem at all. But boy, if there's one day during the week that these people, you don't want to let you off the hook. It ain't going to happen. It just ain't going to happen. There's got to be at least one day during the week or they're not happy. What the hell is that? I don't know what this is. What happened to my Louise? There we is. Eight o'clock tonight, night center tonight tomorrow Sunday night, which we still never heard any more about that Sunday, whether it's sold out or not because again, we can't hear from nothing because we're out of contact with everybody. And I got a laugh yesterday. I get home and I'm calling up Rimmer. I'm calling up this one. Well, you know, next time you want some information, call this one and call that one right. Right. It was just a big song in advance about the goddamn beezer, which who gives a crap, okay? The most popular player on the team because that's the only name they know. They don't know any of the other players. So it's the bees or plus they like sand at it. It's the bees and they're all screaming in the island and I got news for it. If it's Patrick's better and he is. Here's the lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Yes, I'm sorry. My phone's kind of getting here. I may have to switch phones and call you back. No, okay. Are you here? I hear you. Okay. I was kind of surprised at what you said about Montel Williams show because in the last couple of months, and one of the magazines, there was a picture of him. His beautiful blonde wife. Oh, he's a blonde wife? Yes, and they're new baby. Well, you know, he's very light-complexed too. So maybe time out of magazine, you know, put his ass on the cover and blacken it up. Yes, my boy was surprised that they were all he had on one side again. Oh, yeah, he was doing a real, I mean almost like a race war right on TV yesterday. And then the one woman started trying to explain her opinion. No, you're here to talk about race. Don't you know that? She wasn't getting everybody whipped up. Yeah, because I mean, I'm the same age as you are. Yeah. I have 52. Yeah. And I was born and raised here without prejudice. And I have dated black men. I'm blonde and Caucasus. Yeah. And so when I saw the picture, I didn't think anything about it. But every time I see a picture of a famous black man almost everyone, I'm has white wife. There you go. Did you notice any 48? Yeah, I was the white wife. Yeah, do you want to swim? Yes. Do you want to say a little? Yeah. Oh, the guy that's the musician and Mary Paglinson. He wanted to read. Charles have white wives, but of course, how could they tell? Right. There's a bunch of them. But when you said that about Montel, I'm about fellow work. Yeah. Well, he didn't think God, he don't want to exploit anything. You know what I'm saying? That's right. And you have a great day. Okay. Thank you. Open line in date 7519463751Wild. Mickey Harrison's going to build an arena right down there and buy Centennial Park. We're all the geeks are. It's going to be great. And Wayne Hizingas says, Oh, well, he don't want to play in date. And of course, he's already said he won't play in Broward. And of course, the people in Palm Beach said, why do you two busy talking to everybody else? We don't want to talk to you because that's our excuse. We ain't got no money anyway. So it's all over, baby. I hate to break the news to you. But it's history. Say better enjoy it while you can. Auto at a night. Lots of unsolved tickets. I'll under Sunday. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Are they bad? Are they bad? Are they bad? Are they dumb? Are they slow? Are they preoccupied with build crap? Like trying to make a living? Yeah, let's go, pal. Let's go. Let's go. Problem here. What's the story? We come right here. You never have any callers. I give you a call because I hardly give you call because the lines are always so busy. Oh, yeah, right. So I say I've worked. This town is dead. So I said, it's not a kid. It's not a kid. I don't think I can get a call. It's just a kid. Come on. It's a kid. It's just a kid. I thought he was a pretty decent guy. He's just a bull crap artist. He's just another show. This is a big league town. This is Bush league. And so are you. God damn Bob Rubin. This is not this is. This is a joke. The only time by quantum play don't leave me. Miami. Yeah. Quite a bit. Right. But anyway, like I always say that. You know, you always complain that you don't have any calls. That's right. Your board's always fooling. care about any of this. They don't give a crap. They don't care. They they loved driving all the way down to Miami to go to a goddamn game. They just loved that thought they don't want to hit, you know, just drive like up to maybe West Broward right off the saw grass in 25 minutes. God forbid they do that. They don't care about anything in Palm Beach. But no, you got to understand more than being professional red next in old Jews. Sports is the only business that can abuse its its patrons. And get away with it. Well, they're in that but they have a lot of time. But they run out of patients though the patrons are not showing up. Exactly. They're getting pissed off. You saw what happened with baseball. They're basically giving the tickets away. Right? They're still people still not going. That's right. These people better wake up before they go out of business. I'll screw them. But no, what I'm what I was going to call you about was I thought we're going to. O. J was over. It's over. Let's get on with our lives. These people don't want to talk about anything though. But O. J. Do that. And every time I'm flipping the tape, they don't want to talk about anything period here today. Yeah. Well, I'm putting in my my two cents that every time I'm flipping through the you know, with a remote. It's a sickness. I've been telling you this for months. It's a sickness with the American public man. And yeah, I couldn't believe he has to damn flipping around a channel looking for a newscaster for something. And every show every one of these talking head shows every one of these so called news tabloid shows day in date and hard copy every shop. Every show that son is o jinn it up again. Yeah. And you know what I flip it up. I can't. Jesus. God Almighty. You can only watch them. What's that garbage before you get saturated and you just become dissenters. But you got to understand that the majority of the people have no no life. And that's all they can do is watch you show them. They they get some some enjoyment. I let him go to the shop of the strip shopping mall or something for quite a lot of do something exciting. Let him get it in the having outing. And also one more thing. I got a compliment you that from I remember when you made this appearance in this game baby though, like about eight years ago, so I'm like, I'm pretty. Yeah. You were a blimp back then. Yeah. And I saw you. I was a big fat slob. That's right. Exactly. I saw you like a buy a year and a half ago or something like that over at the stadium. Yeah. For football games. Yeah. You're doing pretty good. Well, I've lost a lot more wait since I lost a lot of wait. That's right. I've lost like almost a person. But you can still get 30 pounds to me. Well, he doesn't want you to get to your goal. And that's my point. And that's why I'm not eating anymore meals. I'll send no I'm sure. I'll send to that check once a month. I don't need to go over there and have her keep putting stuff on the table and go through this route. I don't know what to be. Yeah. Well, just cut the crap. You got the book right there. Okay. Open it up and read it. Stop putting parsed. Keep puts parsnips on a guy. Do you even hear a parsnips? No. Never heard a parsnips. Something out of a guy. They may have to send Wonderland book or something parsnips. Well, how many more pounds do you have before you reach your goal? About 30. That's it. You're almost there. Yeah. I'm almost there. You're almost there. And you're something. I got I hate to tell you this because it's like a domedella wee story. I got so aggravated with the parsnips because I was not I've been having a good week this week. And I just said, okay, this day is ruined. I went out on the way home. I ate a candy bar. Stop to the gas station. I went and got a candy bar. And then last night before I watched the penguins get beat by whoever the hell they played. I went out and got two pints. Not one, but two pints have been in Jerry's ice cream and ate them both. Oh, man. Yeah. Incredible. How do you like that? But I took a half a diabetes pill. My blood sugar this morning was 96, which is fine. And life will go on and I'll get back on it now. Exactly. You got to screw it up my whole day yesterday. One day a week every week has to be screwed up because she pretends she fanes stupidity. Okay. She pretends she don't know. I don't want all those vegetables. Ma, I don't want those nuts. Okay. Take your nuts and shove them honey. Oh, my great life fell. All right. They're good. Okay. All these people try to ruin your gut and they can't stand success. And you know, I don't know why? Because if I really succeed, then she realizes how fat she is and believe me real fat. All right, last announced this year. I'm on at the weight watches. I'm on at whatever it helps. He's on drugs. I think drugs for old people. Parsnips, my ass. I'm serious. I just I went ballistic when I looked in that book and she's got the book sitting right there. It's got more I could have eaten a whole baked potato with butter on it and had less carbohydrates than, you know, like three tablespoons of parsnips, parsnips. And they suck. They taste like mush. Ma, God, every time you just start making a little progress, somebody gets in your way. That f***ing bitch. The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on WIO. They are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors. All WIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated. No tape recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated. I could can keep his pecker in his pants. 1042 WIOD. If you look at Wayne's poster on a front page of the early says he will not own a team that plays in downtown Miami. Well, guess what Wayne, you do own a team that plays in downtown Miami. So what's the message? What's the message? The message basically is he's going to sell the team. We're going to lose the Panthers. They're going by by. So just prepare yourselves for that. Okay, if you're a hockey lover like I am, you better get out there for every damn game you can because this is it. This is the finale. We had three years while like two and a half years of account less the shortened season. And that's it. And Bob Ruben sits back and says he has no patience with people who call us a bush league town. Well, it is. So you have no patience with people who tell the truth Bob, you can't handle the truth. Okay. You're a blue sky, you're a bull crap artist. Because you got to convince yourself, oh yeah, we got four and a half million people. Big deal if Joe Robby wouldn't have gone out there and got his own finance and built your Robbie stadium. There would be nothing here. There'd be nothing here. There'd be no dolphins. There'd be no marlins. There'd be no hate. There'd be no Panthers. There'd be nothing. Zero zippity, doodah. But it's a big league town. Make no mistake about that. Every other big league town in the Patricia College with the United Center Boston the Fleet Center Washington they're building. They got that new arena downtown. Every world where they have a basketball and a hockey team. They work together and either either privately or with some public funding or however, they did. They managed to build a beautiful new arena and work together and get it done. Because that just makes sense. But here we got two stubborn rich guys and one of them, the the bulk guy, the crews guy, he wants to push the other one out. He don't want no competition. He says, hey, Wayne, I'll beat you to your own game. You've been pushing the guys out for years now. All your competitors. I'm going to do the same with you. Take your hockey team and shove it. Okay. Send a nice field. Just get him out of here. As if those of us who go to the hockey games are going to go see the heat, you're in dream and baby. Take your heat and stick them. Take that basketball and stick it to put it in your rain. But it's a big league city man. We know how to get things done. Right. I guess these people haven't been here long enough. I guess Rubin has Alzheimer's. He doesn't remember back in those days when the city of Miami kept insisting they were going to renovate the orange bull. They were going to build a new state of Middown Tom. I mean, Joe Robby says, hey, if you're a business man, we don't want to stadium down here. Okay. Right. We're on building the right at the county line. That's where you build it. Okay. Right off the goddamn expressway with its own exit right off the turnpike. So people can drive right in there. That's the way it didn't. Joe Robby did it right for all the pieces of crap that he may have been. He did it right. But it's a big league town. Yeah. We got big league crime and big league video. Real disease. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, New. How are you doing? Okay, sir. Good to hear it. You see the game last night. What game is that? It got worked by the black hog. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah. Pretty a week. Patrick, well, you know, it was one of those. Go ahead. One of those games when it just wasn't going to have they kept hitting the post and, uh, pop a little. Yeah. They just have a brief shot. Right. And the goal. Yeah. Just one of those nights when Eddie Eagle pulled it out of his ass and they, that won't happen against him. No. Anyway, the subject I went to the game when is the night? Yeah. It was great game and six goals. I don't think the. I wonder if Mr. Big League Bob Rubin was into game one tonight. No, Mr. Hot Shot. I don't think so. We'll know a hockey puck from a comequat. That was my like second hockey game. Yep. It's great. Well, you better go catch a bunch of them. I'm going to and listen to it. It's loosely. So you can't even play at your flu shot. All right. There you go. I'll go right down the street right now, man. Thank you. Good luck to you, pal. Yeah. Give my flu shot. We can go back like last year all over again. Give me real sick. We have an open line and Broward. I don't think that would happen again. Well, you know, and I think if I got it this year, I'd be okay. Because since I've been on the Atkins, I haven't been sick once. Just when I come in here, of course. But I mean, other than that, you know, that's probably just a coincidence, though. Don't you think? I'm telling you, this the Atkins thing should be so big. It should be just gigantic. It should be instead of OJ, which is just a bunch of repetitive crap, they should be doing the Atkins diet on TV and all these talking. It shows every day in saving people's lives and getting rid of diabetes and helping people like live long and be healthy and feel good. But no, they don't want to do that because nobody wants to hear about that. It's not exciting enough. There's no blood, murder, and bloodshed involved in it. Open line at Broward County. Let's go. Let's fill up every guy damn line. We won't talk to you. But let's fill up our petty way. 5, 2, 4, W, I, O, D, damn it. You lazy, miserable. I don't, I can't believe that they don't care about this. Bob Rubens Wright. This is really a big league town. You don't give a crap if they're here fine. If they're not here, that's okay. And you can take the heat and shove them too. And you can take the dolphins and blow them out your ass. Okay. Whatever you say, here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? How are you doing, sir? I'm bad. Once I got understand, I ran the paper where I think it says that 2, 3rds of the population's cut off. If this state, if the state have been filled up in 97%, what the hell does he care? If the state was 1, 3rd, 4, I would say, okay, he has a point. What the hell? I mean, if you can get 97%, what supposedly just the third of the population, how does he care? You know, somebody really wants to go. First of all, he's not getting 97% this year. You're all that dying out of fine. Exactly. Because they're in limbo, I mean, it's part of it. I don't think not. I don't buy that. I still say, if that was at the day, you know, the Morton brothers years ago gave that land to Joe Robby, where the state he is now that Lake Lucerne, they gave all that acres and acres of land and he built a state in there and when Wayne bought all of that, he owns all of that. They got enough land there to build a beautiful state of the art arena right next to the state, in which is that's how they do it in Philly. They got the vet right next to the to the arena there. That's what you do it. It would be perfect. That'd be a deal better. Of course, wind doesn't have the money. And of course, Mickey don't want to go in on it because he's a selfish piece of crap, and he's going to do his own thing. And don't want no partner and really wants to do everything. I've told you this for weeks and people got very angry about it. Mickey Eris and wants to push the Panthers out of town. Yeah, but I think Mickey Eris and has the same situation where I think he has. He has all he's got that land by carnival crews or by the terminals of him. He wants all his crap in one base and has the hell of a gun. Who's going to go over there? How they got to get there? Oh, that's a good point. How do you drive there? How do you get, how do you get 18, 20,000 people over in that area? How do you get there? I guess you'll call a call. Hello, Captain. That's right. We're all going to go on a cruise ship. That's it. All right, Neil. Have a great day, Captain. Yeah, we're going to go on a cruise ship. And when you come back, losing all your money gambling out there, then you come back and bring you to a basketball game. All right. Boy, boy, you know, see, this is the problem. We don't have the major corporate sponsors in this town, even if they do build you. We don't have that. Like they didn't Chicago and in Boston. That's number one. And number two, we don't have people that have any kind of, I mean, it's one thing to be a good business man. I understand that. Nobody wants to go into a losing proposition. But we just don't have that benevolent Santa Claus guy. We thought we had it turned out to be a bald-headed geek. All we got are a bunch of greedy selfish, egotistical maniacs. And they're not going to do anything. That's right. You can smell it. You can sniff it. You just know it. It ain't going to happen. They're going to stick to us. And you know something life will go on. As much as I love hockey, as much as I love the Panthers, as much money as I spent on extra tickets this year, as much as I try to promote and get everybody out there. You know something, somehow we managed all those years without them. And we'll somehow survive after they leave. You know what I'm saying? Wayne, you jackass, you bald-headed freak. At 610 W. I. O. D. When we say news, we mean business. We're here. Ladies and gentlemen, have these restrictions to travel to Cuba by Cuban Americans, academics, clergy, and students. Jennifer Ridd, love mass news. Today's a news talk and entertain the radio. 610 W. I. O. D. When I. L. E. O. D. 1054 W. I. D. Two open lines in day where some people were obviously very impatient because they have a full-rich busy life. 751 W. I. O. D. Let's do a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. It's a 26-year-old Latino male caller. Yes. And I'm calling to let you know that I am leaving Miami because I hate it down here. Well, it's an accurate. This is really uplifting. Everybody's called to tell us they're bailing out and we're all here. We're all stuck. Yep. We back next week. Don't want to go on vacation. Oh, I see. Where you going? New York. I'm going to go see, I want to see a Broadway play. It's somebody told me kids to the spider woman was a real good play. Yeah. So I'll be going for a week, but I'll be back. You're going to New York? Sure. Okay. He's gone. We have an open line of day. It's side that was there was the end of it. That was it. Okay. Great calls here this morning. By the way, this is a big league city, baby. Just called Bob Rubin at the Harold Hill, tell you. He has very little patience for anybody who says it's anything other than that who tells the truth. Here's Papadoube, Chilo. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah. I need to maybe you know this on. I've been looking among that diet. Oh, God. Yeah. And I've been looking at the, you know, when I look at the carbohydrates, when they say total carbohydrates, do they mean total in the whole can or the whole thing? Hold it, persevering. Whatever the serving is, okay. That's what it means. Oh, okay. Per serving. Per serving. Okay. And I've done pretty good on it. And I heard that guy yes, they said his cholesterol went up. Yeah. My and went down since in two months from two 15 to two, five. Beautiful. And I went from two, five, two, one and five pounds down my 180, five now. Great. So that's all I got. Keep it up, pal. I think. Yeah. Okay. Open line of Broward, five, two, four. Yeah. The cholesterol isn't going to like drop a hundred points in a week. I mean, you know, in fact, mine stayed the same. That first blood test. What do I care? It's not bad. But my triglycerides dropped from over 300 to two. What was it? 66? What does wrong with that? Here's a mobile in Key West. Hello. Hey, Neha, how you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, I agree with you on the arena and everything. That's ridiculous. I got the chance to hear the city manager talk to us. Say, is there audio? Audio, yes, yes. Audio, yeah. If they come back and say, Miami has no money, you could say, well, Mr. Audio says that there are head $1 billion in their bank account right now. They got like a fray rady. So, you know, I don't know where they're coming up with, uh, oh, my whole first. Well, wait, why should the city of my number one? Why should the city build it anyway? And number two, where they got to build it? Are they going to go build it? Downtown and then wait and says, well, I'm not going to play there anyway. Hey, stranger things have happened in Miami City meetings, right? Because I heard what Mr. Audio said last night on the news. No, say, see, it'll ban you. Oh, that's the quarter. I'm a relative. Yeah. Uh huh. Why in this, Caesar? Okay. Isn't that what Broward said? Why in this, Caesar? All right. Okay. Good luck to his pal. You too, pal. Yeah. Go panthers. While we're still got you, baby. So, let's see. We got us 41 less. We've had two. So, they're 39 home games left in the history of the Florida Panthers. That's, so we're going to have to have the big countdown this season. You better grab onto everyone because each one is like another tick off of our, you know, I'm saying, like, what, okay, had those numbers on a wall counting down the days. Here's the mobile in Pompano B. Chillow. Hello, Neil. Oh, sir. Okay. Yeah, 37 pounds, three months. 37 pounds? Fantastic. I had a couple questions, though. One question. You probably don't have a mother that's feeding you parsnips. I don't even know what that is. Yeah. See there you go. Oh, she's the only person in America could find parsnips because it's loaded with carbohydrates. Bitch. Uh, no. Why is caffeine the book really doesn't explain why. Because the message of your metabolism, and don't even ask any questions. Don't even think about taking it. All right. I know caffeine free sodas, caffeine free everything. You're a decap coffee, no caffeine. Okay. No wonder I'm going to be all that. I reached out of a plateau where, you know, it's tough to, um, I need about another 20 more pound. Well, it's a little, it'll come. Um, the other thing is, what does it hurt? If you there is screw you up, if you continue with very, very low carbohydrate, you don't want to continue too low. Are you doing, are you doing the keto sticks? Yeah. What you don't want to dark purple because then you're going to get like a gout and you're going to do kidney damage and it's not a good idea for long term. Oh, okay. Just be patient. Don't, uh, we're almost into knockdown in the day. Okay. Just be patient. Well, maybe I can eat some vegetarian ice cream or something like that. There you go. Once in a great while, man. I have no regrets. It was pretty damn good. Just stay away from the parsnips. Okay. All right. Okay. Good luck. Yeah. Open line of day, 7, 5, 1. I mean, if you're going to cheat at least eat something that tastes good like English, coffee, crunch, man. That was, that is good. I got no guilt feelings. I'm not like I don't feel like Tom Deloise. Hey, I went off. I was pissed off. She screwed up my thing yesterday. So I figured hey, it's a lost day. I might as well enjoy something good. And I didn't. I got on the scale this morning. There was no change from yesterday. So I don't feel like my life has changed because I did a little binge one day. Okay. Now, what's what he bring in for lunch today, by the way? Steak from where? Is that going to happen or not? As far as I know as far as we know. Grinch village. He's bringing in from Grinch village. Well, hell, I'll never get here in time. Here's a book on a purple line. Hello. Oh, are they slow? Are they slow and just pondering? Can you? Yes. I do it. Turn that radio off, buddy. It's off, man. Okay, man. I learned our driving. Look at the same time. Yeah. This is all bumper sticker days. Yeah. Did you look in, we're doing venture in the sound? Yeah. If I look in up your ass. Is that what it said? I can believe it later. Okay. We have an open line and so it's said, looking for adventure in space, looking Uranus. Open line on a purple line, pound IOD and uh, or just pound this. But progressive alternative to the Schlock FM rock. What kind of thing? Double UIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Mages voice, even my mother, even my mother, I said past the parcels and shut up, even she recognized that he wasn't even doing a voice and yet some of those people who called in. I'm not saying many. Thank God. But some of them and one guy says young guy, well, I'm having a tough time believing this is really, yeah, right. No, that was no Jason. I was filled yesterday. I'm OJ Simpson. How do you like that? You want to talk to me? Okay. I did it first of all. And number two, I'm not sorry. Number three, I'm arrogant and obnoxious. Open line on the green line, 1 809 449 463 1 809 444. And he just makes it more ridiculous and more ridiculous and more ridiculous and more ridiculous. And there's still that element out there, man, who are just so stupid that no matter if you held up a billboard and said, it's just a joke. Wow, come on, OJ, what did you just say? Here's Wellington. Hello. Wellington. How is that possible? How is that possible? How is it possible for there to be so many assholes in one place? Yeah. What is that? Is it the guy falling to well? Is he in a barrel? Or is he just a total asshole? Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello. Wait a minute. Oh, I'm just punching all over the place. Hello. Yes, good morning. Hey, right. You sure you have a nice show. Why does it? I'm from my, uh, from Cincinnati and I'm doing well. That's unfortunate. It's a horrible city. No, it is. Oh, it's a disgusting place. No, it is. Why did it be dead than being Cincinnati? You're crazy. No, I'm not, I may be crazy, but that much I know for a fact. Why? Because it blows. So, disgusting. It's like a bastion of Nazism. Oh, great. But anyway, yes, I would, uh, I would just speaking of the, uh, diet book. Do you know for a good fine one? Uh, Cincinnati would be good. Open line in day. Don't put any old farts on here today, man. I'm not in the mood for craggy old farts that all sound like they got infos. See, okay? Open line in day 751 Wild. We got one over there in a green line. If you're in Palm Beach and under the age of 100, which is highly unlikely, 1-800-944-Wild. Did you know where I could get a book? Yeah. Look under a rock, okay? Go out in a tree on a backyard. Maybe there's a bookstore right next to your house, okay? That's nice and convenient. So, you don't have to go too far. Here's a dear field beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I am so attached and I love the panther's soul. But I waited to kiss him goodbye, man. I got, I got to read something here. I was just digging through my old, uh, when the first season before the, uh, uh, season tickets, they, they had a promo, a brochure. And I think you might find it's interesting. Uh, if you have just a moment, okay? I got a moment. Okay. This is in the profile. Three hours and yeah. Here's says the games will be at the Miami Arena until the panther's new arena is finished. Uh-huh. In Nashville, right? Well, no, no, no, no, no, no. They left that part out. Well, okay. Banks, these, well, no, no, no, no. So, I'd buy a season tickets this year. We'll guarantee your right. Your right to buy season tickets for the same seats in the Miami Arena as long as the panther's play there. Yeah. The new arena will be a state of the arts. Not it might be, not it could be, not it, you know, depending on on public funding. Well, he lives a lot. It says, yeah, well, you can't, well, okay. It says the new arena will be a state of the art. One of the kind facility will be ready as soon as possible. Hopefully by the panther's third season. When the panther's transfer to the new arena, there will be a new seed assignment and the panther's will attempt to keep the locations as similar as Panthers. Right. Just like they didn't the stadium right. Well, most of the people got screwed. Well, however, actually, the new arena will be radically different from the Miami Arena. So, for example, 20th of the football, okay. And then, but everyone who gets ticket orders postmarked by June 12th and remains a season ticket holder. Yeah. A lot of mad at the get priority for seating in the new arena and we'll have preference overall to all news. These are ticket buyers. I'm going to tell you something right now when you can mark it down. If Broward County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Yeah. Neil, yes. What about false advertising? The man lies a lot. So, what about it? Well, the more money you got, the more you're allowed to lie. Don't you understand that? False advertising? Come on, Pat. You weren't born yesterday. Neil? Yes. Yeah. I mean, well, no, but I mean, it's just, yeah, this isn't put out something like that. And very easily, because there's a sucker born every minute. Have a great day, pal. He wants me to like you're going to argue about something they wrote three years ago. Have a good life, glad he'll see you at the arena, man. If it's still there. Open line on the blue line, 5249463524. If the Morton brothers wouldn't have given at land as your robby. I'm telling you right now, and you can call Bob Rubin at the Arlid Tellem this that bald headed geek. There would be no dolphins here, okay? You can go to the bank. You can bet your life on it. But hey, it's a real big league town. And we know how to get our stuff done, man. We we know how to get our crap together. Right. Whatever you say, okay, I believe you, I buy because I'm real gullible like this last guy because I read it in a brochure somewhere, then it must be true. It's false advertising. I'm going to take him to court. How do you like that? And I'm going to tell you something right now. I save it. Here's my amy. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. When is DSMigo? Where's the couple of Oligy? Well, I'll tell you that came the other day. We're just fantastic. Six one. Unbelievable. It was multibanye, right? The best. When the Canadian's better, we were hitting his suck. Canadians got beat by Tampa Bay last night. Continuing their Florida, they're just searching for points in Florida. They can't get arrested in Florida. Well, I'll tell you, if it's Patrick was really a great, a great goal. I mean, we're watching a week. We took the Panther pack. And of course, we never made it to the top because it was one year room when we kept on writing. There you go. And it didn't really go. We came down to see it between two and three, but we couldn't find in 125. Well, I don't know how because I was right there. I never got up and left and departed. I may have gone to take a leak, but that was all I can. Those lines that went out. I want to thank you for that tape of some legends of the fall. This is the fruit cake that got at the last time. Really enjoyed it very much. And we're looking forward to going to the islanders game, not just Sunday because I'm still a dolphin fan. So I think we got a conflict with it. I saw them, the schedule they gave us is another one coming up with. What do you mean, they're a conflict? Well, the game is just for the dolphins? Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah. That's true because it's the with 730 to 735 on Sunday. I don't know. I think it's probably a six o'clock game. I said, oh, five. Yeah. So we have to see the whole dolphin game. Poor the dolphins plan this week. Oh, boy. I'm in there. They're playing New Orleans. No, yes. Well, hey, listen, Bernie stands at chance against the same to maybe. That's my point. The dolphin should be so far ahead by the third quarter. Don't be making excuses, man. We need every ass in a seat. No, I took my mom down and she really had a great time and just to let you know for my birthday, my brother set me the ackeens cookbook from up north because I told him about the diet. Hopefully he's got an original book in old Gordo up there is on it is taking care of it. Yeah. But it really is great and we enjoy it. Okay, Pally. Take care, guys. What you up a little? You got it. See, yeah. Open line in date. Like I said, I want to talk to all people. No, no, faggotts. No white people. No black people. No Orioles. I'm sorry. Asian people. 11 13. Not that I'm prejudiced to anything. I just did not know who to talk to that group of people. Okay. And any of those other groups. I don't want to talk to no Indians. I don't want to talk to no like Eskimos. This week we've got a choice either to believe the Selena case where she says that she was chasing her around with a gun shooting at her as was an accident or the men and as brothers who have their parents had supernatural powers so they had to kill them. Right? Or would you go stand in a forest fire with our pants full of popcorn? That's popcorn? Yeah, right here. Rickins, a six to ten a year on news, talk at Intercaement Radio, six ten WIOD. Kid you're wiping him around. Let them air in big sand pieces. The try is moving on. Okay. Chants of acquittal decreases. Traces of blood everywhere that match your DNA. Traces of blood that's your zodiac that black girl here. You let the club and bloody track so the cap you used to wear. You're on the side of Wanco. Traces of blood all around that match your DNA. Traces of blood that's your zodiac you close your eyes. And set a prayer. They wouldn't find a trace of clubs still there. Chants in photographs. Time is showing us your true side. Rip them all the hands. Now the evidence you can hide. Traces of blood everywhere that match your DNA. Traces of blood that's your zodiac. Lemonated WIOD. By the way, did you know that they had a sworn affidavit from the prison guard that overheard him confessed to Rosie Grig. Did you know they had that? And then the little judge refused to admit it because it said it would violate his privacy. Did you know that? They had a sworn affidavit. It wasn't just like a rumor back in the, you know, they had a sworn affidavit. He says I swear at them and he was probably part of the conspiracy. Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, man. Listen, I'd like to ask you something, Neil. Yes. Did I hear you mentioned Italy yesterday? Did I mention? Waving about Italy. Yeah. Would you tell me something about it? I'm planning a trip. Well, what do you mean tell you something about it? I mean, kind of shape like a grape. Huh? What do you want me to tell you about it? Is it good? Is it great? Is it what? You know? What did I say yesterday? Well, you were very flattering, but I thought perhaps you'd like to know what I say something different today. It's great. It is great. Yeah. But they don't like old people. We have two upper lines in Broward, 524940. What is it? That was the scooting lady. No, it was not. Wasn't? No, it was not the scooting lady, okay? And quit farting in there so bad. He's got such bad gansen there because it's been eaten chili dogs from St. Deliad last two days for lunch that he's a lighten incense. And I'm not making that up. He's lighting incense in at control room in here because he's got such bad problems. Two upper lines in Broward, I'd like to talk to somebody out of the age of 500 by the way, 5249463524Wild. Major gigantic front-page story here today and it don't bother these folks. You want to know why because they don't give a crap about anything. They don't have the passion. They don't have the passion. Fones. Here's Cutler Ridge, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. A couple things. I noticed you like a lot of sports. What about auto racing? Are you hated? Down to homestead? Hated. You hate it. That's for rednix. Okay, well I guess that answers that. Two is far as your diagnosis. You keep saying that you're losing weight, you're losing weight. But watch now because you've got down so low that you've got to start remembering that you're getting more active. So you're going to gain more muscle mass, doing more things. So we'll start worrying about your inches, not your weight. My inches ain't going to grow out there right now. I mean I pray for it every day but it ain't going to happen. It's too late. Okay. Shameless request? Yes, sir. I don't know what they would you all call it, but the one we're Hillary and Bill Clinton. We're looking at 10 inches. Wow. What is it now? About the taxes. Hillary Clinton wouldn't have given the trouble for taxes. You still got that? Pay for white water? Yeah. No, that's not it. No. Are you sure that's it? I'm not 100%. Well, how does it go? Sing me a couple of bars. It's been so long since I heard. What does it say? Well, it's just where Hillary Clinton is. Is that it? No. Oh, no, the one we're doing. I don't know where anybody's time with that. Where Hillary's going to get him to go to jail for her taxes and. Okay. I'll do it out pal. Thank you. See how? What is he talking about? We have an open line in date 751 WIOD. One in Broward. Five two right now. So what do I do now? What do I do now, Mr. Hot Shot? About what? About this piece of copy that's not here. I just got to tell you. Maybe they're right now that in there. Fat boy says to me yesterday. There are phones downstairs. I let messages on both of the. Yeah. Fat boy yesterday who's the biggest bull crap artist on the face of the earth. He tells me, oh, what? You got new cover. Well, guess what? I'll just pull off the six-page copy and read that. Okay? Because this account is just constantly a problem for some reason. 16 WIOD. Assume the position. Hey Neil. This is Randy West. If you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy, you should try girls. Yeah, I'm sorry. 11 27. I was waiting for the punch line, but it never came. Kind of like Randy West. Open line in date 751 WIOD. One in Broward five two four nine four six three. They don't care about the arena. They don't care about their second tear to win. I Zenga, Mickey Eris and all these people with the money. If we lose the teams, they don't care. Life is going to go on. Somehow this bush lake place has existed for years. There was no basketball team here. There was no hockey team. What's upon a time there was even no dolphin. And you know something before I got all those sports teams. It was a hell of a lot better than it is now. Stop and think about that. Is that a lie? Is there anybody who would disagree with that? Before this town got any professional major league sports franchises. South Florida as a whole. That's with an age. Was a hell of a lot better than it is right now. It was clean. It was beautiful. It wasn't overrun with illegal aliens. And dead beats. It was a beautiful place. It had like a beach. So Chris Baker, by the way, has got America's number five Nazi in the studio. Go Charlton the Heston today. They're going to be doing a Dutch land Ubarollis on weekend magazine this weekend. Oh boy, you talk about birds of a feather flocking together. Is he still in the building? Now because I thought I smelled something different. Maybe what maybe word passing guys, George. Maybe it was Charlton Heston. God, all mighty. You talk about ultra right wing. And of course, where does he hang out? California, Bob Dornan, all those guys, Dan and Meyer? Pete Wilson? They never met a Nazi. They didn't like in California, baby. But of course, when you're hurt, you're using God and whatever, man Moses, I mean, you can do whatever you want. Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Hey, passion phones was the great last night. Yeah, what does he do? Way to go. Mutual mass. He was on Mutual mass donation and a porn star who's going to do 300 guys in one movie. Yeah. It was the great. It's best in it's the most it's the most free phone sex in Miami. There you go. The price is right. Exactly. Thank you. Okay, pal. There you go. A little plug for the Iran summer show 8 to midnight Monday through Saturday and WOD. We want everybody to listen. Everybody do a get off on it because let's face it. Even if she is phony as all hell, we wanted to stay on here just to piss off the AFE and all new white wingers in Charlottesdam too. I'd like that. Keep that sex bitch on forever. We're not going to cave in here like they didn't tap. Oh, we are. Open line and date 75 one night. Like they didn't Chicago with Howard taking him off the air up there. This company keeps it on. You got to do is like in their face. Okay, we'll take it out there except me because they have some, they have some perverse relationship with me. It's like an SNM thing. They just love making my life miserable. Well, we give them a big check, but let's really let's just torture him. Let's make him a metal basket case. Where's that copy by the way in that? Huh? It's the same one. It's the same one. Why didn't turn a new copy? He just extended the you know. But that wasn't the old one. That was that was not our copy. That was not Phil's copy or my copy. That's the night time for the passion bitch about all those adult what? That's the same as ours. See, what did I tell you about that guy? He's got one lousy spot and this guy is more problem that God damn Mitch from video waves. It must be his fault. Okay? Because I know high boy never screws anything up. And that says it was her fault. It was not an etts fault and that has never screwed anything up. We have an open line in date. 751. She says she would like to go see Luis Miguelos what she said to bed. You lose. Here's a mobile in the mirror more. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. You're talking about Annabelle Chon? Who is that? There was a pictorial in last month's 10 house. Yeah. She did 251 guy in one day. Really? Yep. And guess who number 200? I didn't even I can't touch that record. I know. Guess who number 251 was Ron Jeremy. Really? Yep. Oh my well listen, thank God she didn't do them first because they never would have been number two. Do you know what I'm saying? Because you kind of lose your appetite after that. You're right. That's all I want to say. Okay. What do you want to see? Did that for her? Have a great day pal. We have an open line. And then Broward 524. Can you imagine doing Ron Jeremy? I mean I don't care whether your female or male or in between or undercited Jesus. At least there's a lot of here to grab onto any way if you like that kind of stuff. Oh man. He is just gruesome. He is fat. He's like boy. He kind of really reminds me a lot of like a younger algal steen. Not quite that fat and a little more double-droided. Here's a lady in Boko. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, man. First of all I want to tell you that I think you're probably the most brilliant man on the planet. Beyond the shadow of a dog. And the true renaissance man if you like Luis Miguel. Right. And I'm under a hundred. I'm under 50. Professional jury. I think someday you and I may come back in another lifetime and see that it's actually a college degree course. A regular profession. Right. That's right. You are schooled in. Right. I think that would be ideal. Did you hear O.J. wants the deposition that he has to give in civil suit? You want some sealed. Right. So they won't be public. And then the attorney for the Goldman says he's never heard of a request like that. Exactly. Right. And of course that also makes you really believe beyond a shadow of a doubt that he's innocent doesn't it? Everything that he is doing and saying just contributes it like seals the fate. I spoke to you right after the verdict. I'm the one you said was better in March of Clark. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. That could have been anybody. Well, I was really I rate that thing. Anyway, this ferrican thing. Yeah. Oh, you know, let's meet. Wait a minute. You know who show he's going to be on in a couple of weeks ferrican to get his butt kissed. Oh. Larry King. Larry with a long tongue. Larry's going to have a little bit of a turn on here. I bet you. Terracan converts him by the end of that show. Yeah. I just want to know who's going to march if one out of three black men are in jail. I guess I guess the other two. And also this is really scary. Yeah. And then Paul of black males 42 percent didn't have any idea what the million man march was or what they were talking about. No, that's good. That's good. That's good. That's good. That means there's hope for all of us. Well, it's it's little scary. Okay. Yeah. I think the people have a great. Yeah. See, we have an open line in Broward 5241 in the Green Line. So anyway, Brad the book about Monty's guest this afternoon from 5 to 6 on a Phil Henry show will be Howard Whipperman president of the Buffalo Club of Florida. Howard Whipperman. You have a trust me. What do you got there, Renette? Oh, video waves will allow us good timing. Hey, listen, screw him. Let him sell all those porno videos. That's what people want anyway. Open line in Broward 524. It's ringing now. By the way, here's a Palm Beach garden. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you? Okay. Good. I just have a cup of comments for you. Okay. Number one. Number one in March. I started theackin' site. Right. And I before I discovered it. I called you in July to let you know I lost a that 40 pounds. Right. And you went through your little setback where you weren't losing anything. I'm still very slow. And of course, I've been in Jerry's no parsnips don't help, but you know, they slow down a little bit. Of course. To this date right now, I've lost 66 pounds. Oh, man. And I'll tell you what, I've the doctor's so amazing. He had me give him the book and he's made copies of recipes and diets. And I'm in it's amazing what you can do just sticking on it. That's right. I think a lot of these very weak people who are brainwashed and manipulated by their doctors. I think you didn't like a star manipulating your doctor and convince him and show him through the weight you're losing and the blood test and how good you feel. Just like my doctor, all he was agreeable with in the first place because he'd like me. He had done a 20 years ago and he's lost a ton of weight on it. He loves it. It is so amazing. I work in a restaurant at night for a time. Yeah. And people look at me and they say, how do you do it when you hear and I said, it's theackin' site. Well, like I got the steak coming in for lunch today and I, you know, no problem. There you go. I mean, what's wrong with eating steak and lobster all the time? It's nothing. And bacon and eggs. Not a thing. And you can cheat. I cheated last week and all a week. Yeah. Now I'm back on it. I lost a full pound. See, let me just give a little word of advice. In the beginning, you know, in the beginning, if you're going to cheat, you're just you're never going to make any progress. But once you're really a bit into it for a period of months, you know, then you can go off once in a while on a weekend or whatever. And it's not like a major setback. You just zip right back into it and it's not like the world came to what end. Got it. Got a stick to it and quick crying. No, I can't do it. Right. You just got to do it. Well, come on. Let me ask you how much did you weigh when you started? I weigh, I weigh two 69. I weigh two, oh, man. That's incredible. And it's, and you know, I'm not one of those guys that, you know, call up and say, you know, what do I do for this? You got to buy the birth. Yeah, I got to read all these people that want to bug me to give them, you know, it's like my mother. She can't figure out what to cook. It's all right there in a book if you could read it. That's right. You're right. My wife passed out mom. Yep. I tried to get my wife on it. She wouldn't read the book. And she got off it. See, my mother really believes that if you're going to sit down and have a meal. And just for lunch, I'm not even talking about dinner. Just lunch that it's got to be 16 different courses. I've been screaming and yelling for out in a how many years. I don't need 10 different things on a table. If you just give me the roast and maybe a little piece of cheese or something or a little bit of sound. There you go. That's it. That's all I need. I don't have to have 20 different god damn things. What's wrong with this woman? Not a I tell you it's it's amazing. The other company have real quick. These people are going to be real sorry here in South Florida when we lose the panther. Yep. I I don't care. They don't give a crap. When I was growing up here, I lived here 18 years grew up. I had season tickets through my folks to the dolphins. Every game I want to. I mean, now I have season tickets to the panther. I go to every game. I support them. I support football sometimes. But these people are saying they're going to be sorry when they're gone. It's going to be, oh my god, what happened? No, no, no, no, it's pretend it was never here. It's like hurricane football. You know, the program is decimated. It's all over there. They're on a way out. And so now, nobody even talks about it. It's like it never existed. And what else have we got? And that's it. And that's why South Florida is going to stay the same. It's a boy. Maybe Calla Bob Rubin right now. Tell him bush league. The first week. The last one is I was on home. Yeah. I heard a spot for a kid old Challenger post. I'm the day story about advertising on your Challenger pool. Yeah, that's right. It was in the first hour first time. I don't know, pal. I can't tell you the story of everybody's life. But he's a good work pal. Keep up the good work. We have an open line in Broward five two and a green line, rather whatever it is. This guy, I mean, keep up the weight loss, but zip your lip already. Well, yeah. Oh my god. 1137 a W. I would do it. She Yankees and Rads, Braves and Indians. Look, college football here. Some hockey over there. Pet Riley says focus on the players, not the coach. What does that all mean? Nothing. Until you say dolphins. Now you're talking. Dolphins on radio. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Hi, this is Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rocker. In 1971, we bid a tearful goodbye to the doors. Well, they're back in the 90s as the windows. The windows. Their music is an exactly poetry to the ears of computer users around the world. The windows will bring high rock to your high drop. I'll do I run you with a foam memory. The ass, this lead me I should get it for free. The windows and windows 95 tour feel free to crash. It's been a lot of time with us. Number 43 is WI. Look at that six o'clock in the night. It's 72 degrees in mild and raw. That sounds pretty good. Let's get on a plane at all. Go right now. Okay. Just see what it's all about. Here's a fact that says a bit on the Atkins six weeks and have come to a stop at WI. I started out with a bang loss 20 pounds in the beginning. Have a lost any more still. I have 20 to go. Please suggest something. I'm not cheating. I can't read the rest of the facts. Sign desperate closet woman. Suggest something because she sucks. You can't lose any more weight. How about that'll take care of it. Wouldn't that do it? Use some of a bitch. All right, Charlton cut the crap. Right wing fascist pig. He's the best any. It's a good two shoes there. Use no let foul language. Okay. That's Charlton has to let's Moses. That's God that's Abraham that's Jesus that's every great biblical figure in history of the human race that's all wrapped into one. Mr. Goodie two shoes right wing ultra Nazi Republican fascist pig and he's using language like that. How do you like that? No, seriously. Just go back to the beginning lady. Okay. I'm trying to give you the best advice. Go right back to the beginning. Go way down on the carbs cut them like almost out and pretend like you're starting all over again on the, you know, the induction and get yourself a goose stepped and started all over again. You son of a bitch. Okay. Just calm down. Moses. Jesus, are you here again? It's 1144 at WIOD. It's a Friday. All right. Don't feel like Friday. What date is this? Feel like it's definitely like what? Oh Saturday. Let's go. Let's go. Put Chris on here. Okay. Let's slap some tapes on. Here's a mobile in Fort Pierce. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How you doing pal? Hey, you know what I want to hear? What do you want to hear? I don't know who it is. It sounds like Harry. How's your son? That was a good one for you. Hey, the one that's a Neil. Thank you. Oh, here you mean. Yeah. Hey, Neil. Thank you. Uncle you. Yeah. Yeah. That's why he says, Uncle you. Hey, Neil. Fuck you. Yeah. Uncle you. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. That do it for you. Yeah. Okay. They're easy to please today. Boy, slow start these last two mornings. Of course. I wonder why that is Rick. I'm sorry. We have an open line on the green line. Oh, that Rick Riley man. I'm going to tell you. Woo. You think you've had some hard acts to fall. Now it's just a joke. Rick just relax. Have a great weekend. You'll be okay. I like especially when they have Adam out there on Thursday screaming and yelling at the top of his lungs. That's my favorite. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How you doing Neil? I'm doing okay for an old fart. I just wanted to wish you a really great weekend. I know you got a happy circus. Yeah. A lot of great hockey coming up and I know you got Luis Miguel tonight. Right there you go. And I just have a shameless request. I've been dying to hear this for a long time. Now can you do you don't want to hear. Pay Neil. You don't want to hear that. Did you? No. No. The one that I want to hear is the one where you go. Oh. That one. That one. You know, I don't know if that's um, please tell me you have a please. Well, I can always do it again. I'm not sure if I can do it like that again. Oh man. It was such an excellent excellent. Well, I just haven't read. There you go. I like that one. Is that in here, George? It's not in here. I think it's called screaming Neil. Yeah. That's in there. Uh-huh. Oh, that's one of them. It's in here or screaming Neil. Neil. Yeah. How does this guy know what it's what it's called? What is that all about? How do you know what it's called in a goddamn DCS here? I don't even know what it is. One more time that I didn't get to hear it. Hold on a second. I love you Neil. Feel better now. Yeah. Okay. Bye. Boy, that's good. They all want something a short and sweet. That's what I got. Something short. I don't know about sweet. Open line in date. 7519463. We got one on the green line. 1 80944. Come on. I want to hear about that arena downtown. I want to hear about Mickey Eris. And I want to hear about these cruise ships. I want to hear about you. I don't want to hear about it. Because you don't care about it. That to me is really sad. That's sad. Oh, there's Adam was going to go out and scream and make a lot of noises. Nothing worse than somebody screaming on the air. So anyway, it's 1147 at Wild. I don't know what that was something about Rick. Somebody took a shot at Rick and I said, you're right. He's a bonehead. Hey, baby. I'm going to use you as a sex toy. Not so loud Lisa. 1255 already. 1151 at Wild, where we sometimes give it the right time. But we want to keep you on your toes because they play the tapes over again. So it's a 1015. You have a whole bunch of times. So we might be right. Anyway, I want to tell you something that really sucks. I mentioned this to Rick this morning. He never even heard of it. I thought he was the automotive expert. Of course, he's got pretty crappy cars. But, you know, what's the worst thing that they ever invented? Do you ever have one of these? Do you have one of these for the right? Why? Can we not a Schlok car? No, but it's fun. No, I've got the, I've got the simple pedestrian version. This is that passive, keyless entry thing. And they suck. The only one that I've ever had, you know, the blue car, this one, this one works. But like for my new car that I just got my new vet, it don't work. And I even reprogrammed it. I read the instructions at a whole deal and I think the thing was flashing and I did. And, you know, it's like it recognizes it. It just don't do anything. Although once in a while, it does, it does open and close the passenger side door, but not decide you want to get in. And if you stand like an inch away, it might open up the hatch. These, they blow and they got like some kind of a battery, which you can't even get them open. And it's so why do they do that? Why do they even make these damn things? They suck. That's the only thing about Corvettes. They're great. I love them. I love my new car. I love Jack Lebo. It's wonderful. But the passive keyless entry is the worst invention in history of the human race. We have an open line in date, 751, WiodD, one in Broward, five, two, four. The natives are foaming it them out. They're pissed off at Mickey Harrison. They hate Wayne Worst and ever. They know we're going to lose our team, but they're not talking about it. They're mom. Here's Miramar. Hello. Good morning sir. They're all busy eating parsnips. Yes sir. A long time list there last time listener. Why is that? They're all leaving us. Damn it. Yeah, I was kind of upset because I was going to miss you the weather and the pan. That's what it looks like. I might be seeing the pan and the weather and the weather and that great here anyway. You're going to Nashville? No, we're going to Merdle Beach, but that's close enough. That's pretty nice Merdle Beach from what I hear. Yeah, it is. You'd like it up there. Look at chances that you go national, Neil. Yeah, right. About the same chances my landed a big job in Merdle Beach. Well, they have powered up there tomorrow. It's not sure you do. It's a little beach. Yeah, can you believe that? Man, am I jealous about that? How are it sitting all high spot? Well, I just wanted to thank you for the years of laughs you given me and I just went when you leave. Probably Sunday. So this is my last year. Oh my god. Yeah, I was hoping to see the pan there tonight on my wife and I been going there for the last two years. We went to every panther game. We could afford and I was kind of a pussy. I never went up and talked to you. My wife's always been giving me a case of the butt about that, but I just wanted to call it thank you and you know, and best luck. And also, I talked to George. I want to send you some more bits of the bands moving. There's no place for us to play down here. So we're hauling us up there and I'll send you some stuff when we get there. Okay. Thank you sir. Hang on a second, pal. Good luck to you. Line six, take that guys this stuff. Open line and Brower at 5249463524Wild where we're going to Miami Beach. Hello. Yeah. Yes. I'd fall in my cat which my color. Yeah. Okay. Open line and date 71519463751. It's in the bag. Don't forget Harry Howard Weaponman, Weaponman, a Wopperman, president of the Buffalo Club of Florida is going to be a book about Monty's guest on the Philanbury show. Five to six to seven and that's one of our great highlights of the week here at WOD. We got to be having a Billboard campaign just for the booker. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Have you seen the billboards on your way home? For what? For Howard. Yeah. They're all over the place. They suck. Open line and date 71519463 and what was that? Was that a liever? Was it like, oh make believe? Two and Brower at 5249463, 524Wild. They're all over the goddamn place and I still don't listen to them. How do you like that? Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I don't know. Oh, that was Jim. That was what's his name? Do you know what? I don't have to. Yes, sir. Yeah. The other day, you watched that, uh, leaf islander game? Yes, I did. You see that elevation for Clark? No, I missed that. When he came out on the ice, he all came to stand on the location. All right. That was a class act. Yeah, but we were still be to crap out of him. Yeah. Well, you won't. Want to Clark with a great player for Toronto? Yeah. Please no Matt Sundine. No, but you know, they got something better, but he was there. He was a great player for the leaves, but you know something Ben Franklin was a good guy too, but he's not feeling so good. When does he had it? He's history. Yeah, well, he's okay for the owners because they got a crappy team, so he'll help them. Yeah, but while he was in Toronto, we sure helped them out. He's a right man. He's tough. He's mean. He's, uh, but he's always injured. He was a better scrapper than Clark. That's right. When he wasn't hurt. Yeah, that's true. He sure went went to a total of Prover didn't it? But Matt Sundine is God, man. He's got four goals. He's going to score 60 goals this year, Matt Sundine. You marked my words. You're going to give him over 50? Over 60 goals. Yeah. Yep. Right on. Okay. Yeah. Right there. And back to you. How come I got two lines? What, what, wait a minute? Oh, this phone is doing that the clapper thing again. What is going out with our phone? Now, somebody's positive around with our phone. How do you see that? Somebody is positive around with his guy damn phone. You're not fooling me, man. Two open lines in day, 751. What's just the, look at that? What's going on here with this? And one in Broward, 5249463. We got the best money, the best phone system here that money can't buy. I'll tell you that. Here's a mobile and soft Miami. Hello. Okay. Yeah. Listen, um, it's, I'm on a diet and I'm doing real good, but we're on the Atkins diet. Yes, I am. Okay. It's too far to drive to Lorenzo. I tried to want it. It was great. Don't get me wrong. But what I don't get you wrong. What I started doing is going to my local little grocery market. I am a good as a baker at the hey, here's, can you make this for me? And they say, yeah, there you go. That's great. So I mean, if anybody was like, you know, how about how about right up the street here at Stan's stage, Delhi, Kerosk getting all the stuff from Lorenzo. So we don't have to slip all the way up there. And like if we want like some cheesecake or some of that sausage with low nitrites, whatever, they got it right here. Exactly. So I mean, if like you guys up in Palm Beach, you can't go down to Lorenzo to say, or if you're loving Broward, they can walk to an A&S markets and get a lot of good stuff. Everybody, right? If they're not familiar, it was a hey, look, I've lost all this weight. Could you give me a minute? I mean, we would prefer that they all went to Lorenzo. We couldn't do it. We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it. We're not going to do it. So how much you lost? Oh, I'm just, um, that 25 times I got another 10 to go. Great. Yeah. Outstanding. Back. Keep it up. You too. But yeah. How do you like that? See, all these little people out there, this is one of the greatest closet, even a bag. It's hard to club. This is the biggest closet thing going on anywhere in this state. And that is all these fat people losing weight on the Atkins. Thanks, of course, to yours, truly. Now, there are a few who had bought the book or heard about it or whatever before, but the overwhelming majority as the bookstores will verify, they're losing it because yours, truly, discovered a book that one famous Sunday in books a million and what on here, it opened up a big mouth. So you're welcome to all of you. You're welcome, because I know you're thanking me profusely and giving me a little kiss on your speaker. Two open lines in date, County 7519463 751 Boyer. These people foaming at the mouth about that arena thing right there on a front page. You want to know why they're probably an upset because they don't read the hero. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Did you get the purple that? Yes, I did. How do you like it? I love it. What I missed the beginning of the path of entry system, what was up to thing where you pushed the keychain button. You don't really push it. You just like walk up to the car when you get a few feet away, the doors unlock. And then when you leave the car, you walk away and then they lock in your beep, the horn beeps and, you know, they don't work. Sometimes they work. They die. They want to. Is that is like your keychain? Like a sort of transmitter? Yeah. I wouldn't trust that. All these things blow. You know what I had one time that I liked. I wanted my cars. I'm sure you've seen a little little numbers, the key pads on the doors. Right. And you had your code number and you can punch it in and unlock your car and you can pop your trunk from there and everything. You can pop it, yeah. And I thought it was great, because I never had to carry my keys with me. I could put them in my car and you know, pop my code in and never have to carry the whole thing. Of course, when you get all numbers you start forgetting the code and you can take the bus. Well, if you remember to bring any change, what can you do? You know, you said something that really, that was a perfect of the whole, all of the old days, actions that he made. It's almost like he's going to take out a big ad campaign, a big billboard campaign, all of the country and TV spots and hey, I'm guilty. Guess what? I did it. Let's get it over with. I mean, his actions are completely that. Yeah. Yeah. It's unbelievably, two better just to sit in on the watch TV. Just don't move. There you go. Let it go. Like we're sounding like a racist pig to me now. Better cut while you're head. Why can I say it? Have a great day. Yeah. So yeah. Don't get fused the folks with the facts, pal. Not the way things ought to be. The way things are 16 WIOD by any afford letter day. I don't want to connect it. You know, this is not Jennifer. It's not the news, because I don't want to get you involved with rumors. No. Because you never put that on the news, would you? Never. Unless it was juicy. But, you know, the panthers moving to Nashville? Really? That's the rumor. It's a done deal. That's the very prominent and comes from a very good source who also called me yesterday and told me about that bogus press conference was nothing more than bees are signing. Right. And so I haven't only took out who's got some idea what's going on. Says they're moving to Nashville. It's a done deal. It's science sealed and delivered. Well, yeah. I'll get somebody on it right away. Yeah. I bet you will. I hope he looks good. Thanks, Jennifer. How do you press? I don't even want to play the open. I don't want to do anything. I'm just, uh, what did I tell you? See, I know it was coming. You know what I'm saying? I know it was coming. Gorge court and I didn't even bake a cake. But, uh, that's so depressing. But, you know, it's one of those things they're gone. So, enjoy every game this year. Why do you can? Because, you know, it practically came out and told us that today. It's right there in a paper and you both don't get it. He says he will not own a team that plays in downtown Miami. The only arena we got is in downtown Miami. Mr. Hotshot over there. Erison with his cruise ships. He wants to build a single voter in by Centennial Park right by his cruise ships by the port over there. And he don't want no partner. And he don't want to, you know, so nice going. Congratulations to Mickey Erison for chasing the, uh, thing. Whatever they are, the Panthers out of town. But hey, we got these neat pans. We do have those neat panther pans. Thanks to the fact that Jeff Moskin threw after Woody stole a first ones and by the way, Woody wears my 60 bucks. Dad? What is going on with the ball though? From the producers of the children, comes another slice of real life terror. Reality film presents. The teenagers. Not so nice. Good night kids. Remember to keep that stereo. Okay, my way from us. What teenagers caught somewhere between childhood and adulthood? And the only thing that certain is, got a bear all her hood. It Mr. Cramer. Tell you daughter, I'm ready to take it a slumber party. What I thought that was just for girls. Hey, yes, you're. I show you something just for girls. When they go through puberty, you go through hell. The teenagers. Sure. Now destroying a living room near you. Twelve-awaited WOD and here at Soctober 13th, it's a black Friday baby. It's a very depressing day and I want to make a racial thing out of it. But it is black Friday. Worst in the market crashing because the panthers. I mean, this is not an official announcement from them, but this is very good inside information from us. The deal is done. It's signed sealed and delivered. And I would try to do something about it myself, but you know the problem. I have a very small penis. It's a son of a bitch. Okay, so did not much I can do. I wish I could have wish I could have made way of my magic wand, but I just don't got one. Okay, so that's it. We've been a lot of fun. And it's going to be real interesting if they do. If this thing does leak out and the announcement does become official, to have an entire lane duck season, that's going to be really good. Here's a mobile in, uh, what is it in Lantana? Hello. Oh, yes, I am. I guess I need to save your and relish every moment of that game tonight. Save your idea. Uh, uh, after hearing you've been asking a couple of days, uh, hinting on, uh, they may be a pack of them. I marched down there and I got a panther pack. I was like four to fifth and and we're still able to get to tickets. So I guess, uh, I really got to pay attention tonight. We've been hoist man. We're just can't wait for everybody knows if you say it. It's true. I can't wait to read Bob Rubens. Great column about what a big league town is in about anybody who says it's bush league is a full of crap, et cetera, and so on. Yeah, I heard you talking about it. That's the same guy that was on. It's been on sports rap a couple of times too. Yeah, I was on there with them once. And I thought you know, but he's a piece of crap. Well, you're right. Uh, you hit it on the head there when he talks about the minimal attendance there at the, uh, hurricane, uh, you and I talked a couple months ago about that terrible attendance at the Martin. Yep. Look at how many blackouts we had at the Dalton game. Over the years. Uh, Julian's up. Yeah, thank goodness for what is a channel four. Can't wait six. Number six. You know, they start out five and oh, and he still have 2900 unsold seats and he's given us some of the dance about well, 68,000 is enough and it's got big stadium. Yeah, whatever you say, man, what do I say? He's got an excuse for everything. And wait, did you see that Rutgers UM crowd is on side. No, it's going to be, you're going to have to get a search party to find them. Well, I have a personally had a hand and uh, putting down the foundation in the arena and I haven't been back in there since, uh, you know, the places and finish. So, uh, this is the real treat for me, especially if other possibly he hit the road. Yeah. Unbelievable. Yeah. Yeah. I just, this weird how you talk about, go, I finally go, get my ass down and get some tickets and, uh, I guess I need to play me. No, but it's good. That's right. Frame them. They're going to be a collector's item. They're going to be worth something. All right, Neil. Okay, pal. Yeah. I'll see you Sunday night. I'll see you Sunday night. Yeah, and D. D. Will. Bye. Sunday night, the islanders, man. Let's go to every guy to end game. Let's, uh, pretend like every one of us sing old Langzine and old Wayne, uh, hole. I know I played yesterday, but, you know, asshole asshole, but the that way, he's saying, go such an asshole. He held that man dish that creature, because he would take a shower with ankle burps asshole asshole. From the beach, Wayne, he's in the such an asshole. He's just like Hitler and a brawn. What's that he's pounding on? The only thing there is left to say is proper. Okay, 12 minutes past doing out of very depressing. A Friday the 13th will do the best we can. Okay, it's raining. The panthers are leaving. Everybody's bailing out of us. We've been lied to. We've been had four were used to it because this is a world class town tonight. You bastard, we can possibly survive this trip. 6000 miles to navigate. And one bucket of water. Well, surf, you have a complaint. Disney headquarters are off to your left. Oh no! Still Henry, two to six PM on news, talking entertainment radio, 16 WIOD. No filament is hang gold worked. That being is un... people photomole. Time once again for Dan Quails, family values, theater, illustrating how to be traditional, even in the 90s. Why should that dinner great kids? Yeah, my, those are the best hamburgers you ever bought. Better than the piece that you had delivered last night. Well, what are you kids up to tonight? Drugs? No, Dad. I've got my believe in group and tomorrow nights lesbian, scouts. Uh huh. Sun, you need help with that scale model, serial killer, your building. Some other time, Dad, Cindy and I are going shopping for condoms. Oh, sounds like you're getting serious about that girl. Oh, Dad. Well, I think your mother and I will relax and watch some porn ovulation. G, YouTube and the best parents, a kid could ever have. Thanks, Dad. Oh, that's quite all right, dear. Thanks mom. That's quite all right, dear. Join us again next time for family values theater. Where life is a big one of the vice presidents of imagination. 12 16 is WIOD on what started out as a pretty decent Friday, but now is becoming dark and dank and depressing and morbid. Let's hear it for those panthers. Oh, I... In check, Dad. 12 17. It's like everything else. We get anything good in town. It always disappears. Remember the famous restaurant that used to be great. Remember, uh, piccolo's over there on the beach on South Beach. That was great. It's good. They're gone. Remember, Pumpernix, not bad. Gone. Remember, a Prince Hamlet raps his hit gone. Remember New York State House on biscuit and gone. Remember, Neil's restaurant over there and allton wrote and gone. Almost all the good stuff, man. It's gone. But hey, we're still here. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Neil, thank this... thank this analogy. What this Wayne does with everything he gets? What do you do? The first thing he put together was waste management. Yeah. He got it. He made a profit and what he did. He got it. He got it. Okay. Schluckbuster. Thank you. Yeah. And how about the panthers? Right. He's going to sell him for like 50 million or 90 million. Whatever it's going to be. And now he can make a nice big juicy profit. And I think it's 90 million is what he's going to get and he paid 50. So he lost a few million in the last couple years, but in the meantime, he's going to come away with a multi-million dollar profit and stick it to all of us. What is he doing? We're going to be a public waste with his good friends, marino and now. Right. So there's you answer right there. Just turn it around. Make a profit and how would I? Waste is the operative term. And here we thought we had Santa Claus and we've got a Heinrich Himmler Jr. Well, it just sad things to say, but we have been used and abused. Right. But you know something, I think we're starting to enjoy it. It's kind of an SNM thing. It's starting to feel pretty good, you know? At someone made an SNM remark that some people in Florida are Miami or South Florida, however you want to call it, are waiting that they're in the when they have a new expansion and a shopping, we're going to get one. You know what? They're crazy. They're crazy. If we can hold one, you think they're going to give us another? We have to hold this one. Right. No chance. But we're in and let me ask you this. Where are they going to play? Where are they going to play? Let me tell you something. And George knows who I am. Who controls the port of Miami? Who controls it? Yeah, we'll decide they can't. But I'm going to make you hear us. Thank you. Yeah. Wait a minute. Don't go too far, Neil. You know what they're going to build next to this arena? What's that? They're building. There's a 200, 200 million dollar proposed cruise ship term. Oh, I know that. Wait, and guess who ships are going to be? He's in. He's got like four big new cruise ships that are going to be sitting around there. Can everybody's money? See a billion dollars isn't enough for Mickey Harrison. It's not enough. Just like 800 million isn't enough for Wayne. How much is enough? How much is enough? Do you know how much a billion dollars is? We can't even imagine what a billion dollars. So a million million. They're maniac. Yeah. Listen to this. Why would why would Wayne want to build his own park at the Joe Robbie? There's no, there's no, there's no process for him to do that. Yeah. I think I think this is all just been a dog and pony show. I think they just been yanking us around. I don't think there's any been any sincere desire all this crap of all well Wayne really wants to keep him here. For what? He doesn't give a crap about hockey. He don't care unless somebody just like he told us that you're in a half ago. He don't give a crap about the fans. He's just in it to make money. Unless somebody comes in right without last minute. You're like, well, say that. That's what they tried. They dreamed. But that isn't going to happen. But listen, Tio has basically removed his pants to make this happen and it's a grand deal. Not anyway. Good luck to us, pal. Thank you. Okay. Hey, listen. Yeah. I think closing my mother-in-law wants to meet her. Thank you because now she's been on the acting diet. Yeah. And now she can see her pubic hair. She couldn't see it before. All right. Because her pubic was so large. Okay. Nobody else can see him. Have a great day, pal. Hi. See you. Open line in day, 751. She can see at pubics. And one on the green line, 1,800. This is really. How do you continue? How do you continue? Like I said, life will go on. We'll make it okay. So you get a bunch of tickets. You go up to Toronto. See the Leafs. You know, you go up there and see the changing of the Leafs and the Maple Leafs. And there's the other way around. And you know, whatever you want. You get up. You want like the Bruins. You go up to Boston a few times. See the Fleet Center. You take your raincoat. Your Galashes. Your heavy overcoat. You're underwear. You know, whatever. So it'll be cold. Big deal. There's more to life than weather. Look at the great weather. We got just look out the window right now. And how can you beat this? Here's Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm ready to blow my brains out. Why is that? I'm a two year season ticket holder. And how you break the bad news. Well, I don't forget it's just a rumor. But it's a very strong one. Well, we kind of expected it's like a cancer patient. You know they're going to die soon and later, but you still depressed when you get the news. Right. That's right. So it's just something that we all knew was going to happen. He had no intentions of keeping the team here. He said that from day one and he's made really no efforts. I mean, he's going to try and say face by saying that he's tried to make all these efforts. Really is he done? All he tried to do was brow beat, you know, the counties in the building him in a rain and putting up the money for him. And when they didn't do that, he's saying basically, hey, I'm not going to put up the money screw you guys. I'm losing a million a month. I'm going to get out of this as fast as I can. I got a bunch of red next up there in Nashville who will give me a billion dollars like right off the goodbye. You know, see ya. That's it. And like I said yesterday, who cares about the Beezer sign for three more years? He was already signed for this year and if they're not going to be playing here, what tell the week care? That's right. Why is that news to us if they're not going to be here? And anybody who goes out to see the marlins of the dolphins or anything else that he holds is, well, I'm going out to the Panthers only because they already got the tickets and I love my hockey and I'm going, but this is it. I mean, after the host job, we got anyone who goes out there and supports his other holding it. Yeah, it's holding it. Yep. All right, Neil. Well, life will go on, Pally. We'll survive. Let him take his damn hockey pucks and get there a lot of here. All right. Get the puck out of here. Way and okay, pal. Bye. See ya. Hey, Wayne. Do you sound of a bitch? Right. 610 WIOD appealing to lunatics everywhere. Oh, look at this. Oh, look at this. Carpacho of beef a little bit of a cheese. This is from Greenwich Village, elegant northern Italian dining, a thousand one South Miami Avenue and all you brickle people. This is a great place, is Woody. And look at that. There's some chateau brian and some man. Wow, and you know something, we got some of that steak sauce and the thing I bet in a little refrigerator. I don't want to, you know, run you around because I know it's at least 7 feet away there. So thanks so much to the Greenwich Village. This is some beautiful stuff. Some great steak Carpacho. It's like real Italian. There you go. There's some of that real outstanding Peter Lugherstakes sauce from like the real place. Okay, we have an open line on the Green line 1-800-944-9463 as we're celebrating the Panthers departure out of Miami at the end of the season to Nashville, which is like not official yet. I don't want to get anybody panicky, but pretty damn close from way away here from an unimpeachable source who knows what they're talking about maybe. Premio, uh, pepipopine. Hello. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? Okay. You know, early thanks Neil. What's the thing? We just got rid of mr. Captain's video. You know, we're on a roll here and, uh, you know, look what happens about even us. You know, run on roll? Well, I mean, you know, Baron Lester anyway. Are you mean the team you're talking about? Yeah, the team looks great. That's why it's even more of a tease. Oh, you finally got a coach. You finally got a team and guess what? Now that we got it all together, screw you guys. Goodbye. What do you think about getting Harold Ballard down here? That's what we need. You know, Australia and Harold Ballard. Old Darle Stiller, you know, and a real, a real owner and a real announcer now you talk. Twin brothers aren't there. Right. You know, oh well. Okay. Good luck. Was pal. How great. Good luck to you. Open line on the purple line. Pound IOD. One in the bokeh. And it's said, or they don't care. Now what is the, um, well, there it is. For it is a knife. Look at a better OJ like that, baby. That's a knife. Oh, and did you see the comment he made? Not that I want to talk about him. But did you see the comedy made about they found out the Tom Brokeh? Head is knifed sharpened and was going to slice him up on that interview the other night, which is one of the reasons I can't so isn't that an interesting choice of words? Brokeh had the knife sharpened up and was going to slice him up right there on a year. I wonder what tell him, meant by that. Oh man. Here's a, uh, uh, uh, uh, what is in his food? What do you think just poison me? No, it's seriously, there was something like real, uh, one of those little pepper type thing you know I'm talking about. A little pepper corn. Man, all man, is that hot? Here's for a lot of Dale, hello. Hey, do a great. Yeah, I was saying, I knew they're in the bottom of the knife, it's not so not the biggest waste of taxpayers money going right now. What are they saw and tax money? What are we talking about? Are they not the best? We saw it. Nassau and tax money. Yeah. What are you talking about? What story you were talking about? Well, they were talking about the space shuttle having its engine problems and uh, what have they done to, you know, they waste so much money. What good are it? Isn't that so? Nassau? Yeah. I never liked it there talking about Nassau. He's calling it Nassau. That's this guy for you. Okay. Here's another one. Open line. I think we made a good choice. Open line and Brower at 524. Purple line, 18T, celliter, wireless, whatever the hell I think is. A pound I OD and one on the green line. Good, stay good food, good stuff here. Nice going, Woody. Here's, uh, Davey. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time, listen, the first time caller. Yeah. I was doing some grocery shopping the other day and a lady in a security uniform had approached me and told me that her name was Big Mac from Lumiere. From Lumiere, yeah. And what did she approach you for? She just wanted to tell me that she was on your show and she was not on my show. She was a crazy caller. Why would she stop you in the middle of the store make a statement like that? Who put you up to this call, man? I didn't understand. Yeah, right. Bigger it out. Likely stirring. Yeah, what about him? I just, I wanted to call you and let you know that you know. That she still has crazy is a bad bug. Okay, thanks for the good news, man. Big Macs. Oh my God. Two open lines in Broward, 5249463, 524Wiod, one on the green line. So this really shows you. Look at the outpouring of emotion we're having here to the about all this. Okay, it started with a Harold story. Now we get a very, very strong rumor that I think is probably true and nobody cares anyway. So like I said, Bob Rubin is right on target, man. This is a real big league town. These people know how to take it and where to take it to. Here is the louder hill. Hello. Listen about a nail. Yeah. About the first of all, I gotta say that is not at the beef league town. You gotta have public transportation to and from any arena or stay. We got the best many buses that money can buy, man. With all those Haitian drivers out there, what are you talking about? Well, you don't have it, though. I can get two of the games from where I am and Broward. Yeah. But I can't get back because all the buses stop running. Yeah. Why do you do want to get back when you're in date? Do you want to get back? You want to get out of the house? Yeah. The other thing I want to say is that as far as Wayne Heisenberg goes, all the citizens that support our capital system are getting a good lesson from Wayne Heisenberg. George wants you whatever in there. What's with that sauce? Well, I'm not done with a sauce yet. Okay, Mr. Hi, trust? No. Oh, there's not the bottle. Go ahead, sir. No. You know, they're all about money. And Heisenberg is no different than any of the other people. He told you that he came right out there and had parade magazine or whatever. And I was he said, I didn't build this thing here. Let me tell you something. I'm from I just moved down here from Philly, a year ago. Yeah. It was a guy named Cass over there who owns the 76. Yeah. He did the exact same thing. He held the city hostage over a similar arena for problems. Yeah. Said that he was going to move them to New Jersey and Hampton for God's sake. And they did the same exact thing. These guys are all alike. And they're not sports fanatics. They're they're the only difference. The only difference being they build a new arena up there and they got, you know, they got the rack together. Yeah, because we're taking a happen here. Tell them about he held the flyers hostage until he got what he wanted. Just like they launched New Jersey, right? But you see it, and you're going to work here. It's not going to happen. You can't build a still look. If you want to have a stadium, the housing is right about this. In fact, I got to give him credit for one thing. If you put it way down over there in Miami, he is right about that. He is right about that. But on a one hand, he said he ain't going to play in Broward. He got pissed off because they wouldn't give him the money in Broward and to do his bidding up there. Well, he said it was willing to go along there with the deal to put it on somewhere in Broward or he's not one of you all along. Well, that's the problem. They have it. They have a little bit of it. Don't you don't you understand, Mickey, let me say it again. Mickey, Eris, and wants the panthers out. I've been telling you that for weeks. People were saying, oh, you're making it up. He wants them out and he's accomplished it. That's right. And he can take his ticket, Pat Rally, and he can stick all of them up their ass and have a great life. You're screaming, man. You're out of your mind. Get me upset this guy. He's not a bad guy, but he's getting me pissed off enough set. That's right. Mickey, Eris, and with his billion dollars, he's the rich guys. They always get their way. Everybody else, we get just pedunk because we're peeons. But the guys with the really big bucks, I'm not talking a few hundred thousand. I'm talking millionaires and billionaires. They're the ones that pull all the strings. I want to yank it. We jump. Open line of Broward, five, two, four. Here's the lady in Kendall. Hello. Incredible. It is. I envy you. You're going to, you're going to, you're going to, Luis, me, L, concert. Yeah. envy envy. Mm-hmm. I'll bring you back a pubic here. How's that? Oh, a little bit more than that'll be okay. Okay. Listen, I'll bring you back a pair. Huh? Oh, here. You know what? A former O.J. Drew, Tracy Hemsson, is the allegedly going to post for play, boy. In a court room. Oh, no. In a court room? Oh, no. In lieu of writing a book, she's decided to go that route. She was the one that was dismissed, 25 years old. Oh, ah! Just what we needed, huh? Yeah. So, thought you're, uh, listening. That close to show you the kind of really astute intellectuals that we have on a jury is that it's deciding the guilt and innocence and really getting justice in this country. Oh, they show it how much they know. Let me tell you again for justice. We must go to Don Corleo and that's the only place you'll get justice. Well, even though we're losing the panthers, have a great weekend. And back to you, we'll survive it. And we will. But see you. Screwed. I'm okay. I'm going to all the games. I got my tickets. I'll have a good time. We got a pretty good team this year and we'll enjoy it to best we can. And it's hard to weather things. Okay. When we get that goddamn handball team in his time, we'll show him a couple of things. Okay. Well, show him who's got the real balls. Boy, this is good steak. What do you mean? You mean some of this, uh, shaft of Rillon? Huh? What movie were they talking about? Shat of Rillon. Oh, that was in, um, in network. Remember that? Before we dig into our shaft of Rillon. Remember that they were, that was Nelson. The president of the network of UBS. When they were having that big thing for what's your name for a fade done away? Dianna. Remember that? It says, before we all dig into our shaft of Rillon, let's all show where just how much we appreciate her and what a piece of turd she is. That's right. And he says, I'll get back to you, Dianna. And even Howard Beale couldn't help himself. I was mad at him. I was mad at him. I was mad at him. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Boy, they got that thing really cranked up. Wow, sounds like you're going to guide them. When's that? Oh, hey. Yeah. Hey, sorry, man. I'm in a truck. Wow. Hey, listen, man. What's more? Either we have to give housing if it's for royalty. I mean, I might keep all of my merchandising for you can ask for when it comes to the panters. My, uh, in one of my season tickets, every, you know, since they've been here, they drive down there. They park, they do everything. You know, everything, what does he want from us? Man, I mean, I can't do all of that. He wants our blood. But I can't show up to money to build him in arena. He's got more than I'll ever see in my life. That's right. Okay, what's going to happen now? I think it's ticked off. Somebody gets up. That wasn't going to go. And he's bitching off. Oh, he will be able to let him open the Los Angeles in a heartbeat. They need to team out there. They're going to use to have two teams now. They got none. Los Angeles would wine him and dine him and kiss him on the ball spot. You marked my words, man. Well, let me tell you. I personally, I've had enough of hiring him. It's like, I don't care if he takes his money and everything he's got. That's right. And jamming it all up his hands. You got about. Okay, Belle. See. Yep, that's right. Like I said, somehow we managed to survive. I love sports. I love the up well games. All the other good stuff. Love hockey. But you know, something there's other places to go and see it. Go up to Toronto. See the Leafs. See the place jam packed. Standing room. All they really are. People really understand the game. Rocket and Roland have a great time. Not leaving an hour before the game is over. Unless they're 10 goals ahead or whatever. Enjoy the environment. Then new fleets center up in Boston. I can't wait to see that. But that's a great place. You know, that's there's places to go, man. You hop on a plane a couple of hours. You're somewhere it is like real people and not all this bull crap. This is a place pretending to be a place Bob Rubin. And this is all proof of it right here today. Just unfolding in front of our posts. You bolt headed clown. Yeah, this ain't no bush leg town. I have no patience with me. Yeah, you have no patience for people to tell the truth. Just like OJ. He's getting pissed off because people have been telling the truth and he don't like it. OJ Rubin, baby. 610 WIOD. We're loud and we're not going away. We're gonna be a cost only 40 bucks. The bathrooms all have dollar, change your slots. Is that a two-in business is what really sucks? He's taking us for all we've got. Way, way not pocket, folks are made of glass. Ray, big and pillaging are part of the past. Let's get the vast green of stick blockbuster. Park up your hands. Okay, 1243 and WIOD is we just this steak is dynamic and outstanding by the way from Greenwich Village. 111 South Miami Avenue. Oh, this is really a dynamite wedding. It's about time to come up with something good. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I'm a newcomer to the Actons' Diet. Right. I just started, but I wanted to thank you before I see an end result. I've been reading them book. It's very interesting. Wait, what until you do it? What I'm doing is basically getting on that low carb diet. My blood had some blood worked on. I knew I was overweight. I didn't need to lose about 30 pounds. Yeah. But my cholesterol was real high and as well as my triglycerides. So I guess this is the way to go and I want to thank you for bringing it to my attention. I've been thinking about it for a couple months after I had that blood test. There was no doubt in my mind. I needed to do something. Okay, you're leveled at steak, man. That's right. Okay, do a good job. Thank you much, buddy. Yeah. Thank you. What are you looking at, George? So I put the mic on a stand for once for the first time in about your plate. What? Did you drop that cozy on your plate? You want to lick it? Okay. How about the cozy? Actually I'd wrapped it on the Peter River steak sauce. Even the microphone cozy will taste good with Peter River steak sauce on it. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Man is that good. Let's do a Del Rey on a purple line. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Yeah. Well, I'm not calling to talk about any diet, but my blood pressure is rising. Yeah. Oh, I am so ticked off. Yeah, stop. Unbelievable. You want to motion. I'm driving an efficient bedroom. I'm so emotional. That's unbelievable. The first time I ever called you and I delusional to you for years was when we went. When we got the panthers, we're first and now I'm calling you because I'm hearing that there are rumors that they're definitely going to be right now. I mean, the rumor is the Nashville deal is a done deal. Again, it's still a rumor, but it comes from a really good source evidently. Well, that's the only thing that's keeping me from losing it completely as that. It's just a rumor. Yeah. I mean, here's it. I love this game. I mean, it's such a, I got my kids turned on to it. I got my wife turned on to it. Yeah. You know, it's a happening thing. It's right. And we're going to lose it. Yeah. Good for us. I should have known in the beginning it was just a tease. We should have known that. But to God, it's done for all this money. Just the tease. I can't see that. I, I, I, I think it's a combination of a lot of things. These city council people who don't want to call for the money because they can't see the potential down the road that not only will Wayne rape the profits, but so will they. I don't understand how they can be sure. I just like this. I know you're blaming the politicians and it's not Wayne and Mickey Harrison. Is that what you say? They're on a ego trip. You know, and Eric, you get the heat man. He can just, they can get the hell out of town for all. Right. Yeah. I mean, let me see it again. Anybody that ever calls me and tells me that they bought a ticket to the Miami heat. I'll hang on. I'm faster than you can say up your ass. Okay. I've never been to a Miami heat. I'm not going. I'm not going. I'm not going. I can take that NBA stuff and they can blow it right out there. But I'm just touched it. I'm really, yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm, you know, and I have a porch for season tickets to the Marlins. I'm, I'm really getting set up. I mean, it's unbelievable. It is absolutely unbelievable. It is absolutely unbelievable. So I hope all this comes to pass and we find out it's just a big joke and Wayne sitting back in his big cookie chair. Laf and it's out off listening to all this and then he's going to spring it on his, just kidding. Yeah. He's just been a zid head. I hope so. Okay, pal. Thank you. Good luck to us. Bye. Well, this don't sound too good. Does it with this thing? I like that. It does? Sorry. Yeah. Huh. Sounds good like hollow, like burly, like I could burly get used to it. The days on news, talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. Honey can beer. The beer for very good friends. So I'd like to tell you about my friend Lance. Lance is a gay, but he has potential. He's totally way cute. He's got tight little buns and he has good fashion sense. Unfortunately, like girls. So here's my plan. I'm going to invite him over to my place and I'm going to get him really drunk on a honey can and then I'm going to fucking. When you want a piece of your friend's make sure you've got lots of honey can on hand. 1252 WIOD, a very depressing Friday. Hey, it's the 13th. Didn't they have the, when we had the last stock is stock market thing. That crash wasn't it on October 13th? Yeah. And that thing up there in Georgia at that crazy woman's house with the Virgin Mary. It's on October 13th every year. I say we skip October the 13th from here on in man. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Okay, I'm stalking you. Okay, blow it out your ass, man. You idiot. Here's Loxahatchy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, I'm out here and I'm like that. I saw the, the, um, what are the, you saw the lamb in the sky. You know, the cheese is I saw in the cloud over Loxahatchy. Jesus in a cloud with diamonds. Over Loxahatchy. Anyway, I've done a hack and since August. Yeah. I don't go by pounds. I go by body fat and my body fat's like around 5% now. Yeah. And if you know what I mean, what was it before? It was about 15. Wow. Well, you were fat. Yeah, a little pump. Chubby. A little, little pump. I had more. I had one too many Chaco tacos. Mm-hmm. You've had one a number four. Yeah. I sent you a tape, um, sentimental by Kathy Lee Gifford. You did? But did you get it? When did you send that? About a week and a half ago. I don't think I got it yet. All right. If you don't get all of any other ones. The pony's a little on the slow side. Right. I mean, for 32 cents, so what do you expect here? There's a button. Right. Um, let's see. That's, uh, that's about it. That's about it. And thanks a lot. Um, good job with you. And back to it. I'll call you again. Take care. See you. Uh-huh. Two open lines in the green lines. 1,800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. What is in the river? It's a knee. I'm going to horny George. All right. Now we're getting the good stuff. Because it's Friday. You know, and you don't want to miss your soap on Friday because if you drop it on Friday, you never know what's going to happen on Monday. Two open lines. They're both in the Palm Beach. If you can hear us up there. I know it's right in cats and dogs somewhere like probably in Laxahatchi. But give it a shot. 1,800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, oh, there's cricket and mad again. As she's keeping a occupied, okay? Because Paul is in there. Did learn around in Matt's stuff. And she says, I'm going to keep you occupied. You disgusting piece of turd you and those dimples are acidine. Here's a mobile in where? Hi, Alia. Hello. Hi Alia. Yes, sir. No. How can we get a list of all Wayne's holding and every topic that he's involved with? And what are we going to do about it? What are you talking about? Yeah, right. You're going to hurt him in a pocketbook. He's worth a billion dollars and you're going to hurt him in a pocketbook. Are you dreaming? Well, we can listen, he feels every little thing. He's crying about it. If he takes a pant as a way from us. Yeah. Not if when. When he takes a way, I will for every living thing that he has. They didn't do it. Yeah. I will never go and purchase all of that. How about dead things like garbage? Oh, he is. Okay. There you go. That's all. Okay. I'm talking about the, uh, okay. I think you just started a movement man. I don't think you realize what we're going to, if I'm not in Broward, we're going to eat our garbage. Just despite that son of a bitch. Okay, pal. Thanks. We're going to spite that news. Son of a bitch. That's right. We're going to start eating the garbage. No more plantation bags for you people in the city proper. No more of those garbage bags for us out there to the acres. We're going to eat our own garbage. How do you like that, Wayne? Okay. To you, pal. You bolted it to freak. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, ma'am. Did you hear about the juror who's posing for playboy now? That's what the guy just called about a couple of minutes ago. Oh, I didn't hear that. What do you think about that? Is that ridiculous? What do me? What do I think about it? I mean, is there something that I would think about it like I would even waste my time with some sarcotic bitch like that? I mean, is that like I just discussed this with me. It's like, you see, possible to be, you know, so serious and here they are on TV claiming about how much they're serious about one thing. We'd art there serious about right in books and posing for playboy and making lots of money and being celebrities and in the meantime, somebody's tried to tell us that this was about justice. Who the hell are they kidding man? This was about a circus. This was about even a guy named Janitor out there and a guy named Korthaus is a big celebrity now. And he won't eat his garbage. These people were like, you know, Josh Moe was before and all of a sudden. And now they're now their famous Josh Moe. That's right. That's right. Yeah, isn't that great? How ridiculous. Yeah. I just wanted to hear what you said to the American for you. Welcome to America, man. Have a great life. Okay. Of course, a lot of guys want to know what does she look like. We have an open line in dates. 7.5. And they don't care about principle. They don't care about the jury. They don't care about the verdict. They want to know what does she look like and want us to magazine come out. Which issue, baby? Open line in the green line. 1,800, 9,449,463. Here's Miramar. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I just want to say that this room is true. All of the ass liquor is on the TV, Jolkone, Jepetto, and Jimmy Buffalo, and the fucking head on 2 AM. Yeah. All those pet personalities that look like this. If your eyes aren't open now, then get out of town. You don't need that anymore. Hold your breast, man. Right, no kid. I just got a one-level thing to say here that, well, he's anger. He had the last laugh and he got his kick by selling the pantas to a bunch of there you go. Later. Okay, pal. Yeah, and you know, Nashville and Wayne, it's got a good ring to it because that was there for a month and 1980 that is the worst place. It makes it makes entry, Georgia seem like Manhattan. That's how bad Nashville is. You talk about nose pickers. You talk about Yahoo's. You talk about Rednex. You talk about illiteracy. You talk about bigotry. You talk about hate. You talk about stupidity. You talk about Stone Age. That's Nashville, baby. And let me tell you again. Just in case, I hope they do move there. And I hope that he's, you know, well, of course he's not going to still own that's the problem. That's the problem. I wish that he would have moved him there and kept the ownership. That would be the best deal because they don't want nothing to do with it up there. They don't know hockey from squash. They don't know a hockey puck from goddamn parsnips. And they interviewed a lot of people in Nashville back on a CBC last year when they were doing this piece about all the rumors about at that time, the devil's movement there and all these rednex say, we don't know nothing about hockey. We don't want that here. You know, that kind of stuff. So somebody's going to lose the big one on that. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Be careful, man. About what? Don't let him get on and start talking about you know who, okay? Because we don't care about that anymore. Yeah, okay. All right. Hey, I tell you, man, I can't stand the. I'm not talking about you know. I can't stand the dolphins. I can't stand the heat, okay? Yeah. I'll never ever go to one of their games. Yes, sir. I despise the marwen's. I hate him like ponds come. Right. But I was willing to give the panther's a chance, okay? Yeah. I was going to go to the game on Sunday. I wanted you know to just to see what it's like because I've never been to a hockey game. Yeah. But I'll tell you after hearing this. I don't know, man. Now, he's still ought to come out. I want you to come out. But yeah, we need some people there to make it at least exciting while they're not. Yeah, yeah, what's wrong with you? The last one. I watched him on the sunshine network. They played a great game too bad. There was nobody there to see it. Yeah, I mean, you know, I mean, they're they're now in the honest one. This thing totally leaks out. I mean, it's still in very rumor stage, but very, you know, very firm rumor. But when it completely bleeds and leaks out, man, you out of you just wait till you see the backlash. Yeah. I mean, I don't believe anything until I feel it. My own ass. But I can do my pants. Trust me, man. Get the Vaseline moment coming. So we find people. So what? 16 W I O D. My Emmy Ford Latter Day. Thanks for your support. Use talk and entertainment radio. 16 W I O D. What a two hour. Hi, I think he is fine. Yeah, everything that moves. I'll be fall to hockey and he will be hockey by a little video source at music. Let's do. And so we say. Oh, we think that you're home. That's why we're begging. Yeah, Bob, we'll have something leaked out. All right. That's why the goddamn heat are going to be on the, uh, then I'm going to be on a goddamn light bulb. They're going to be on a station to campy herden, Broward tonight. Everything that goes on here, man. It's Mickey Mouse. It's on a level. It's embarrassing. It's in the sandbox. And this thing on a front page, which I tried to tell you before we got that tip off called me for on his rumor, which is very strong. Uh, you know, whether or not like reacting to it like, well, it's just another article. You know, I'll, I'll, they're doing his good at two in code. Why don't they stop lying to you? Why doesn't Mickey Harrison come right out and say, we don't want the panthers here. Good riddance. They're competing for the dollar with us. Goodbye. People can't afford to come out to the heat and the panthers. The ticket prices are too high. We're ripping you guys off. So good by panthers, audio. So I won't work with that bald-headed geek. I got enough money on my own. And instead of saying, he, uh, will not own a team that plays in downtown Miami. Why doesn't wait just come on and say, I'm selling them to the nice real. I'm going to take my 50 or 60 or 70 million dollar profit. Screw you, people. I wasn't in it for the game for, uh, you know, the fans. I'm in it for the money. Just like I said the first time. Nothing has changed. Including his goddamn complexion. Oh, that's right. We got that crap. Here's the dear field, Beach. Hello. Yeah. What's with the, uh, musical anchor women on Channel 7? What's with him? Yeah. I mean, every time I turn on Channel 7 is, they got somebody new to bring Sally back. Okay. Well, don't turn on Channel 7. That'll solve the problem. We have an open line in Broward 5249. Thanks, Woody. Get out of here. 524 WOD. Go say goodbye to your Nick Arragwood friends. They're up to street. Get him out of there. Here's my, me. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. My, me had the panthers. A cradle hockey team. But Wayne Highten got said they wouldn't fit in his regime. Oh, not Neil Rogers and all his fans. We have nothing to watch. But this said, okay. That was cute. That was cute. And you didn't even hear it. I should have just let it go on a year. I heard it. Oh, wasn't it cute? Right in the down. Oh, we have an open line in date. 7509463. So what's the story? Here's Matt with Victor. Can this, oh, no, he's still with cricket. Yeah, Mr. Newman. We're going to do something. Oh, that's right there. Look at that Victor and cricket and Matt. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Yeah, let's see when I have a talk. Is an acute. I wonder Victor's going to write him a check. You think so? Probably Victor's got a goddamn tape recorder. Look at the look on Victor's post. If you're not watching him, you're going to horny right now. You're missing. This is climactic. Yeah, thanks for bringing him by and I hope Paul finds some good stuff in his apartment. Nice going cricket. You're the best sweetheart. And by the way, get a new hair. Get some new hair. Now, what did you say about her yesterday? You wish that somebody would do her hair besides a prostitute? No, the her make up her eye makeup in particular. Oh, I see. Matt, Scarra. Oh, come on. She's okay. That cricket cheese all right. Here's a westered on the purple line. Hello. Hello, sir. Yes, sir. How are you doing, I'm going to help? Okay. Well, I tell you, it's all three games last year. The family games. Yeah. And I think we lost two of them. We scored a mind told about four goals and all three games. Yeah. And then you gave me tickets for the opener. And I was a whole of an experience. That was a nice category. Give me me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Kind of a game. It's good to see him. Uh, to get in the puck and stick in the medical time. Yeah. And now, of course, some things are getting looking up. Things are really looking down. Yeah. Well, you know, I'm still a campus fan. Even if they move, I think I'm about to do more. Well, what do we need? What do we need? What do we need? What do we need? Even if they move, you know, there's where it's you're moving to Nashville? Is that what you're saying? Yeah, I guess so. What's the hell? There are my toys. Oh, St. Thomas is a lot better in Nashville. Hang on, pal. Purple line. Take care of that guy. We might just send him out his way to St. Thomas. Okay. They got a hell of a hockey team. They're having a little trouble with their arena at the moment, but they'll put it back together. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, I got to be to Howard. Speak to Howard Howard who Howard Beale. Okay. We got Howard Beale right here for you, Harold. Hey, Howard, Howard, you got to call me here Howard. Here's a Palm Beach garden, hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay, pal. Listen, I just wanted to remind you there was one thing in the paper. I am a viewer on the air. It's Howard. Howard's fam. What is it? Hello. I'm here. Okay, it was a regarding when he was going to buy the heat and he was denying it and then the guy in the paper said if he likes swimming in denial so much, maybe he should move to Egypt. Right. And the same thing applies to OJ. If he enjoyed those swimming in denial so much, maybe he should move to Egypt. Gonna be getting pretty crowded over there pretty soon, huh? It should. Okay. Take out Johnny Cochring and everybody else and maybe take it up and up a pyramid scam. How's that? Yeah, I listen about the population deal. Yeah. There's one thing you can compare to your swimming pool. One day you go out there. It's a little it's a little green. The next day it's a little greener. It's a third day boom because it's not a linear progression. Right. Do you have metrics? So in other words, the message is do not pee in the pool. Don't pee in the pool and keep it straight. And don't make no more babies. I listen. I'm going to the game on the Sunday. Yeah. First hockey game. I'm excited. And then all of a sudden the wind is let out of my day. That's okay. It'll still be great. Just put that in the back of your mind. Okay. I just put that on hold. I'm going on Jacobs and show you. Yeah. I do look great. I'm a sex pot. Okay. I'll see you Sunday. Come by and say hi. All right, Neil. Okay. Open line in a purple line at the AT&T wireless man at Pondio D. So in case you tuned in late, there's a very, very strong room or right on the heels of this crap on the front page of the Herald this morning about Mr. Erris in wants to build his arena down here on a waterfront by the guy named Port. Where they're going to build a cruise ship terminal and his four new cruise ships and all this other bull crap. I'm going to tell you again. I'm going to tell you again. If you go to see the heat, if you buy those tickets, if you subsidize Mickey Errison, this to me is the most sinister man. He makes Wayne look like Santa Claus. Okay. Mickey Errison and I've been telling you this for a long time, but you don't want to hear it. Is the most sinister man to come down the pike? And why don't we have casino gambling? Why do we have the sewer of a town instead of having a paradise with lots of jobs and lots of money and lots of tourists? I'll tell you why because it's selfish people like this guy who don't want to see gambling come in here. We'll put those stupid makefully cruise ships out of business in a heartbeat and the Bahamas too. Hank, how do you like that? For some goddamn truth. So these are the kind of people that are behind keeping his town in the stone age so they can have a stranglehold on all the money and then they turn around in Beliaque. Why do you guys well build a sinner arena? I only made a couple of billion dollars, Jesus. Man, I'm crying all the way to the bank, baby. I'm crying for your pal. I hope your goddamn ship sink. Park, right in the high-samee space. Once 16 in WOD, Paul's got to flashlight out there. He said, Matt's apartment all of a sudden we go to black and ememies. We're going to commercial, God dammit all the good stuff's coming up the next 10 minutes. Okay, here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All right, what's up? How you doing? Great, listen, I'm a student at FIU, right? That's your problem, y'all. Anyway, me and my girlfriend, we always go out every weekend, whatever. And this weekend, I say, that's do something different. Let's go to see the races, horses races. Right. But I live in Miami, so I don't know where to go. You know, where's a good place. Probably the race track will be a good place. Probably the track would be a real good place. No, I know. I mean, you're always talking about a pombotopark and yeah, but what place can I get because that's, you know, let's real far. How about colder? Where is that? Where is that? You know where your Robbie Stadium is? Uh-huh. It's like right next door to it. Is that good? Well, what do you mean if you win it's good and if you lose it's not? I mean, it's not a dump, right? No, it's not a dump. It's fine. It's a fine place. Just to avoid all the old people with a blue hair. That's all. Because I heard once this girl told me she went to the thing at some racetrack. She went to a thing, yeah. Yeah, and then she was like to the racer, anyway. So she was up there in some special booth and she says there's so aesthetic the difference when you're up there and you go downstairs. You see everybody downstairs is like that beats like a deadbie, you know, struggling like, oh, don't go downstairs. Go like upstairs. Go up there any, uh, you know, with a hot shot. So they have good like food. Yes, they do. Calder actually has excellent foods a matter of fact. All right. And how do you tell me, you know it like how to get there from date or should I just not be a you know, you know how to get you know how to get to Joe Robby Stadium. You know where the turnpike is. You ever seen that thing called the turnpike? Yeah, because you sound like you don't leave home a lot. No, I'm terrible looking back. Listen to me. Yeah. You know where I 95 is? Yeah. Where do you live? I live in Miami and Westchester. Oh, and Westchester, where you're screwed. You can't get there from there. Why? Listen to me. Get on 95 and go north. Okay. You know how to go north on 95? Yeah. Okay. You go north. Go to 95. He's going to go what you're going to send him way east. Well, you listen to me. Shut up, George. Make it said now. He's trying to give you complicated directions. I'm making it simple. You go to the turnpike. The Golden Glades interchange. They're okay. Okay. Turnpike north. Right. Now, you know the exit right after you get on the turnpike. The first exit is like a hundred ninety-nine. It's the Joe Robby Stadium exit. Okay. Well, you got to turnpike a hundred ninety-nine. Right. And you get off there and you go like kind of through where the stadium is, you know, that road along there. And you go out there on 27th ever, whatever it is, and you make a right and you're right to call to racetrack. You just make one turn. There'll be some schmuck standing out there saying, hey, how do I get to call to it? It's right next to the stadium. Okay. If you, it's like give you the easiest directions because you've only got to make like one turn. Where do you get it? Huh? At what? Twenty-one street. At the corner where you got to make a right. You go to the end of that first street there, and you make a right. All right. Amy, are you going to find it? Huh? Where do you go? Where do I go? Yeah. I go wherever the let me in. Have a great time, pal. Get out of here. We have an open line in date 7519-463. There's a Sharon in Nick. Look at this. This is getting pretty intense now. She'll always be at your side, even though you were screwing my brains out. We were really married and the priest was make believe in the priest said. Father, oh, two. Yeah. Oh, Nick. Hey, Nick. No, lipstick, Zey. On it. You're looking a lot butcher. I'll tell you that. Sweetheart. Let's see what you got. This is so emotional. So, um, make believe. I'm going to show you something. And you hear that? I'm going to show you something. I'm going to show you something. I'm going to show you something. I'm going to show you something. I'm going to show you something. He says I'm going to show you something. And before you see it, I want you to know I already checked it out. Gosh, Nick. Everything is so big. What is it? It's a note. It's a letter. It's something. What is it? This is two tenths. I'm sorry, but I'm just so well right. It says, just as of the piece called fraud. Oh, my God. See, she's just finding out that they were a thought they were married and they're not. And they were doing the a wicked. They were doing the deed like I mean over and over and over and over and over. Or like a lot, a lot. Oh, no. Look at that. Oh, this can't be happening to me. Oh, no. Okay. You better turn this on. Okay. I'm telling you they're going to have like a shot fit right here at the end of that show. Okay. Let's do a break. And when we come back, we're going to really solve this Wayne problem. This Mickey Erison problem. We're going to solve this arena problem. We're going to keep the panthers here. We're going to start taking it to run our own destiny. Okay. And if these people try screwing with us, we know who to call. As we just started the day, just look what's inside. White chains, blue wips, red handcuffs, and pink arms, with green leather clover. I can't let them catch me. I'm going to get away. Oh, we got you. Oh, don't pattern me behind with this hair brush, faster and faster and faster. Get the hair brush. Oh, you got to be put it for not eating your lunch and gear. Oh, no. Don't stop. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Look at your charms. The picture suit that loves to be eaten. When you say the panthers are packet of men, all they're to the fans is whether a pack of me. Okay. Don't drop the Vaseline jar on the way in the arena. Let's go to a Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Boy, I'm dying over here. From. From what? Well, no. I was just on hold for a little over 20 minutes. Well, that's not bad. But don't don't give up on this. I think it's. I'm telling you the guy. You're not fine. No, just keep saying what you're saying because Well, I've been saying it for two years. Well, you know, maybe maybe stuff Florida will wake up and like you say, we'll grasp reality. I don't think so. And I'll give you an example when I have those stupid tailgate parties over JRS before the dolphin games, even though I'm not there. I get spy reports. And they tell me that when he gets up there on that stage, and they announce him, everybody's cheering. I know. Like these people. I love them. They don't know what a backstabber he really is. You know, the guy gets on. He buys all this stuff and says, you know, I'm the greatest investment. And then a year later, it says, well, we're losing money and the tickets go up. And you know, we're getting it up, but not just tickets alone. And in a way, it's a funny character. But I think with all the money in South Florida, why the hell don't we get our own team and say the heck with all these professionals and get guys to play with their hearts. And that's good. Good time. Then we can pay 15 dollars for the ticket. Yeah. And our own team. We can get our own team. That's a hundred and a hundred and a team of what? Of who? I don't know. But with all the talent that South Florida has and all the money, you don't think that we couldn't do something and teach these these monsters. So we'll teach him something. Okay, a sucker's born every minute. Let's get our own team. Okay. We don't get nobody to play. We got no league. We got no arena. We got no nothing. But let's get our own team. Let's go out there and do a little roller belating. Okay. What do you say? Well, I did hear yesterday the George's roller belating and that makes me very suspect because he's always talking about how sick he is and everything. So those of you think that you're getting really good exercise and going to be a real good health by going out to enroll or belating dream on baby. I'm sick from this place. Oh, well, I'd explain. We have an open line in Broward. Five, two, four night. Yeah, look at that. Look at it. Oh, man. Look at those vents up there again. Huh? Since Barry Cohen was here. What was that two years ago? About two and a half years ago. Nobody's even touched that damn thing in the vents either. Well, that's all right. We just tell that big mouth starts opening his mouth again because it's not financially expedient for us. It's just this time to worry about the health of our employees. Right. That a boy Bob. Here is Guy who's going to straighten it all out for us. Did you notice when you're in Italy how much better you feel when you take away a stress and you write good meal. Absolutely. I felt I just kept back. I felt from Italy. But from where? Oh, we flew into Milan. Got the hell out of there right away. Went over to Venice. State in Venice a couple days. Well, that's right. You told me this whole lot of timber. It seems like only moments ago. I know Venice. Now, how was Venice? Because I've never been there. I hear a thing. I'll tell you what you will love it. Really? The food there is as good as Rome or as good as Florence. Yeah. The ambiance at the streets are so tight and it just has it's just the streets are so what? They're tight. The roads are real now. You don't have any cars. Yeah. Right. And it's all walking. Oh, wait a minute. I just messed the end of the show here. Matt and Victor were having some kind of a conversation here and something. No, seriously, something heavy duty must have been said because they don't end the week on a Friday without some really traumatic thing. And it's over. Damn it. Okay. Go ahead. I'm sorry. But anyway, we ran a car which is your fault. I'm a mistake. But anyway, we went from Florence to Rome through the through Sienna. Yeah. And hit all the little vineyards and we stopped at a town called San Jimignano. Have you ever heard of that? No, I have not. Oh, that was in the night. I was really Italian though. Very, very. That was a nicest part of the trip. The countryside is absolutely beautiful. It is. Well, I saw the countryside between Rome and Florence because we went there in the train. Yeah. Oh, you did see it. Did that go along the Autobahn or was that kind of through the mountains? The Autobahn? Yeah. Whatever the hell they expressed. The Autobahn, Italy? I don't know what they call it. It was out in the country. But anyway, where the hell did we go wrong? I mean, the people over there have such passion for everything they do from From me to tell you where we went wrong. We're having British ancestors. That was where we started wrong and it's gone downhill from there. That's right. I'll tell you what, the people in Rome are so beautiful. They are. My wife is going absolutely the police. They all look like they're 21 to 24 year old. They're all going to model. But they're all over their place and you feel very safe. My wife got one of them the hand-covered throw in the back of the car. I know the made. They're really, they really are the nicest people. And did you notice one thing? The people over there, they're enjoying their lives. They have no desire to be here. They're not lined up at the immigration thing, waiting to come to America. They do like the American music and American clothing. They like that the Trotskies. But in terms of their own life over there, they love their very happy people. Even in a, they live very, most of them very modest lifestyle, but they're real happy. American people went out to strip shopping centers. cigarettes and Harley Davidson. Right. That's what they want. Listen, you don't see fat people. Very few. You don't see crying. I'm not just babies and crying kids. Right. Kids are all happy. You know why it's because of the way they eat. Right. I mean, I felt, I didn't watch anything. I just ordered an I8 and I felt great. There you go. The wines, the cheeses, the bread. It's like, why can't we do anything like this? But we had a blast. This is America. That's why. So you were in Rome? We went to, we stayed in Rome for about four days. Oh, great. And then we went over to Capri and it was beautiful. Nables is a dump. I tell you what's really interesting when you fly out of there and you fly right over Capri and what's the other island there? Well, it's rented in an exponential of Capri. The big island there. Capri is the biggest island. What's the other island there? We're Napoleon was exiled to Elba. Yeah. Yeah. It's just north of Capri. You know what I did find out while I was over there. It was kind of interesting. My great grandfather was a mafia, so Dom and Sicily and died in prison. So that was kind of interesting. Oh, figures. So anyway, I, from what? You let God left out of the whole area. I don't know. I don't know. But everybody tells me you gotta go to Sicily. For what? It's just so beautiful. Oh, no. I don't, I don't a grab never been there. You've been there? No, I haven't. No, I forget that. Oh, I hear it's like, well, it's totally, it's been very Mediterranean. Like, let me just tell you, now you didn't get to Naples, right? I did. We drove through Naples. Oh, I can't dump. It is. That's what I'm getting to. The further south you get, Rome is as far south as you really want to go. Yeah. Because the farther south you go, the more poverty there is. And when you get down to Naples, there are slippers, there's a million gypsies all over the place. And by the time you get to Sicily, the only people got any money are the people would have broken those. Like I don't need five fingers, marino. I got it. Well, I hear Sicily's not like that. Yeah, right. I hear right. There's a lot of money Romaner answers. But listen, I gotta tell you a great gypsy story. Yeah. We knew all about him before we went over there. How did you know that? Well, I just friends, friends that have been there. I told you about your bench. Yeah. Well, I said. But anyway, so everybody's told me use garbage zip ties on your fanny packs and on your, you know, on everything you can use to make it harder for them to get in. To make it harder, yeah. So listen, there are two, there are two German couples, real stout staunchy, arrogant, cocky, not. Yeah. They're in, we're right right from the Vatican. And these two gypsy women with infants and two little kids go right up to them. Pull the newspaper trick. Right. Well, they put the newspaper out of the chin. Well, a little kid usually they have big pieces of cardboard. Oh, my boy. This is just racked you while they're yapping your pockets. So the kid went underneath the newspaper. Got in his fanny pack and got, I don't know what he got out. Yeah. Right. He walks, so she pulls the newspaper where he realizes his fanny pack is open. He goes and grabs the gypsy, while she's got her infant in her hands. Yeah. grabs her by the neck. She pulls up her top and shows him her breasts and starts screaming. He backs out and then they all scatter like that's out of hell. I mean, it was great. He just standing there and got a little bit. So that was kind of fun. Yeah. But the new trick now is, were they big? Yeah. They were huge and they were fake. Oh, they're the new thing. That was the hand you the baby. They'll like throw the baby at you. So you'll go to catch it. Yeah. And then the way everybody's fun. And that is to just drop it. Yeah. It's mac and hit it with the base back. It's just got to be another gypsy. So you know, kill it. The women, the women over there are absolutely stunning. And we're almost as pretty as the guys, right? It's everything everybody says it is and more. There you go. And we have no clue here. That's right. No clue. Yep. Mom's ready to find out for yourself. You don't think I'm just being a sour push. No. In closing. Have a good day. Open line on a green line. 1-800-Void why have to go bad? It's 133-Wild. 16-Wild. Months linking with the best of them. Grab my junior honey. Oh, the crazy and the videos that had a bugged me knows they're breaking their empty nose. The gody family. He wears expensive attire. You're crossing your lake's higher. You're right with the spare tires. The gody family. Sanning the bull. The gody desk. The gody windows. Tell me the truth. Tell me the lip. Blathom. So if you think you are tough, there's people that you're tough. You won't find things up there. Ruff in the gody family. Was that 20-Lipmarino he was talking about or what? 139-Wild. So I guess we don't have to worry about too much more parking after next a couple of months at the arena. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. It's just a hockey game. Yeah. So why you belly aching so much? Because I feel like it. You know, people call it up a tough and it's in their belly aching. Yeah. So what do you belly aching? You're belly aching about our belly aching. What are you belly aching about? What are you belly aching about? belly aching about you. Yeah, well go back. Go get naked and you're belly pale. We have an open line of power at 5249463-524WID. Like I said, we'll survive without it. We live with it. We don't want to say. We'll survive. Not here's a bokeh. Hello. Here's a cruel spring. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How the hell are you, buddy? Things going okay? Yeah, I feel like belly aching though. Yeah, that's what that guy was talking about. Well, you can belly aching. You want your dog. God damn show. Yeah. Hey, listen. Somebody's holding your gun to was said and making him listen. I ran into a woman. I was in a store this morning. I ran into a woman and she's looking at me and she finally comes over and says, uh, you are Neil Rogers. I said yes. She says, oh, you know, my husband when you run mornings on another station years ago, he used to make me listen to your show every morning. And I conjured up the image your husband sitting there at the breakfast table with a gun to her head with a radio turned up real out. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, I trust him. I want to listen every morning. I tried to get my wife to listen to you yesterday, but she wouldn't do it. Really? I don't know why. Well, what what the hell is her problem? No sense of humor. That's f***ing bitch. Her name's Len. You can tell her again. Len? Oh, and I wonder she got no sense of humor with name like Len. Yeah, no doubt. Yeah. I got a couple things that was going to ask you. Yeah. It's Wayne has ing a circumstance because I know he likes everything at the discount. I'm wondering if he is. I don't know. Yes. He is. Okay. Yeah. And also, I just found out last night. That's your skillless wini. Yes. Your, I think his force comes on his head. I can't be sure. But I found out that your boy Luis Miguel. Yeah. He's got a girlfriend. You know something, you are so slow pal. You're so slow. You're going to feed me this Daisy Fuentes crap. Okay. Is that what you're going to feed me Daisy Fuentes and he bought a Rebeom W? I didn't know about the VM. I didn't. In addition to which, let's suppose that's all for real, which I know for a fact that it's not. But let's suppose it's for real. Okay. What about it? What difference does it? I just thought of you when I heard it. So who cares? You're right. Am I going to be his boyfriend? You would like to see lust. Yes, I would. Does he lust for my body? I don't think so. If you knew you would, there you go. Hey, and also, I'm a little out of touch of this adkins die. Where can I get the book? It's only down in Miami. I'm up in the, anywhere you are. Like in a, in the big bookstore, Walden books or any of those. Dalton, uh, huh? How about like Sure. No problem. They got it up there. They got it. And the book, too. Right. Okay. Can I call somebody to do spare? Yeah. Hey, Mike Coleman. You're a douchebag. Okay. Go get it. Thank you. And the book. Open line of Broward 5249463 524WOD. Don't forget Howard Whipper, men, white perm and whatever that is. President of the Buffalo Club of Florida is going to be on with Brad the Booker Bell, Monty 5 to 6 on the Phil Henry Show this afternoon. Did you, uh, check it out? Here's Miami on the Purple Line. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you paying for this call? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, I personally am. I thank God. Listen, you've been over to the new, uh, lot of an entity he get. No, that food is great. I'm sure it is. And, um, they told us said to say, hello, Carol and she up from now. No. Yeah, they sent me a nice note. Yeah. There's great people in the school to represent. Great. And, uh, what will still, uh, we just got back from Italy for the third time a few weeks ago. And what was that poll? Poll harpy junior run a phone before? Yeah. Yeah. Everything he said is, uh, I second it immensely. Where did you go? We went to Rome, Venice, uh, Florence. And then we spent four days up in Lake Lagano, which is, uh, beautiful. Right up here by the Swiss border. Right. And I tell you, I have to get up there. It's, uh, a little late back, but the food and the scenery and the people are just wonderful. Great. So, it all, uh, we're going back for the rock Christmas. All right. Getting how out of this place. How are you talking? Yeah, because I mean, they have it over us so much. Uh, it's unbelievable. Yeah. All right, listen, one other thing. OJ sucks. Okay, pal. Bye. See you. That's what is best friends say. That's the rumor. Oh, there we go. Again, it's that racist son of a bitch. Oh, my God. Son of a bitch. Okay. Can't help myself. I'm relentless. We have an open line. It's on at Purple Line at the 18 T. Wireless TV. You're a car right now. You can reach over and pick that baby up and, uh, pound it. Pound I OD and you never know what will happen. We pay for it. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, ma'am. Hi, I'm glad I was able to get through. My soul, Marge. So far. I wanted to give you an update on Rosa Lopez. Yeah. Rosa. You can hear my dog barking because all the people are walking by my house. Yeah. Um, there's quite a few people out there today. Again, unfortunately, they've got all these barricades. Oh, hey. They're walking right in the middle of the street. You're trying to drive on the street and they don't move and they look at you like, well, what are you doing in a car on the street? You're not supposed to be on the street. Mr. Mary Catherine. He's okay. Okay. Uh, it's open the door and let him go get a few of them. Okay. White those bastards out those crazy fools. You know, and the virgin Mary is really over there. How come the Pope didn't go to visit her when he was here last week? Well, he was busy up there in Georgia with that other crazy bitch. Yeah. You know, and someone told me that they, she was recently ruled like medically incompetent or something. Encounterment? Yeah. That's what I heard. And the cop on duty out there told me that Rosa Lopez is people called the police station last night and asked them to please have the barricades up by eight o'clock this morning. So in other words, he's running a police department who will be a mayor of Hollywood. All right. That's great. Nice to know that the virgin Mary and Rosa Lopez are running a city over there. That's great. There isn't that one. Life is a beach. Yes. Okay. Good luck sweetheart. Thank you, Neil. See ya. Bye. How do you like that? It's the 13th of the month again. So all the getch keys are over there with Rosa Lopez to see the virgin Mary and at Totino's pepperoni and sausage pizza. All right. There she is. It's the virgin Mary. Mr. Mary Catherine. Jesus. Oh my God. A bunch of crazy people running around out there. A bunch of lunatics running around on the loose all over this world with their goddamn baloney. We saw that look up into clouds. It's Jesus. It's Moses. There's a it's just spelled on the word sex up in a cloud there. See if somebody's people will get their head out of the clouds. You know what I'm saying? Maybe they see something down here on the earth, but I doubt it. So anyway, pretty mediocre response today. And I think you ought to be pleased to know that nobody's going to have an nervous breakdown about the fact that Wayne is sticking us in the back and Mickey Eris and is the biggest piece of turd that ever came down to Pike. Nobody cares about that because this is a town that refuses to really carry too much and that's probably a good thing because if you did care a lot, you'd blow your brains up. So I think you're probably adopting the right altitude. Here's the lady in North Miami. Beech hello. Good afternoon. Neil, how are you today? Okay. Neil, I'm very upset with the American public and I think it's only one way for us to redeem my American public about what? What do you upset about? About something that you have not wanted to discuss today. Yeah. But I think that the American public would find something else to think about. Okay. Forget about that. It's not going to be going to lie with the American. You're going to like it. Well whether I like it or not, that's not what I'm telling you. I think you need to get a hobby. My job is good. Doesn't cost a lot for a set. Yeah. No. Bring up something else. Bridge. Nope. Okay. Anyway, I think that the American public is good for a few months. It should demand that Otray be brought to central court. Yeah. Okay. Well, let's find a look. You're out of here. I'm not talking to you. Okay. Go get a life. Like I told you before, I'm so sick and tired of these goddamn women, the millions of mouth they're this all they know is O. J. Oh, Jay. And of course, like I said yesterday, go home and every one of these shows, it just it just now dawned on me. Why all of these shows are perpetuating this crap because who's home at that time? Well, the women. They can't get enough of it. They're obsessed with all these talking. He had stupid goddamn shows. Well, all these make believe people on their heaven verbal fist fights on a year and how kind of trying to go about O. J. Oh, Jay. Hey, go, Jay. Blow them out your ass lady and get out of my face. She's very upset with the American public. Well, what about O. J. Yeah. That's the problem we got in this country is O. J. We should demand this and we we should demand that you cut the crap. That's what we should demand lady that you cut the bull crap with your O. J. Business. Okay. I say officially enough already today. I don't give a crap if he confesses over to weekend enough of this damn O. J. Oh, me. Yeah, screw you two, man. But how come time magazine did make him so damn black, you know? That's what Montel was all upset about yesterday. That to me, seriously, somebody should have been shot on that show yesterday. I'm telling you right now. He's on their pretending to be doing a show about how awful it is that the media is turning this into a racial thing and he's having practically a race ride right there on a goddamn air. He's got the whites in a black center screaming at each other and this poor guy at the moment is trying to say 10 words, I told you we're discussing race here today. You forgot what we're talking about. You stupid bitch, you're spoiled on the whole damn deal. And how come time did make him so black? As if somehow that has something to do with anything. We only started suspecting he was guilty after time made him so black. That's part of the big white conspiracy to darken the images of all blacks. The only one they left out was Montel. He looks looks pretty white to me and doesn't he have a white wife by the way? I think we found out. Oh yeah, blonde white wife. Some of these guys they like the blondes baby. Former stripper with fake talk about the podcast in the kettle Caucasian. He's got fake boobs too. Well she must have three of them then. You got your Yankees and rads, braves and Indians, look college football here. Some hockey over there. Pet Riley says focus on the players and not the coach. What does that all mean? Nothing. Until you say dolphins. Now you're talking. Dolphins on radio. Use talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Oh man. Okay 153 at WIOD. By the way there's another rumor that I just started the dolphins are moving to Los Angeles, which I think is going to get a lot of people even more upset. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Uncle me. Yeah. You're the best uncle me. Yeah. If they lose you, if they lose everything. Hey Neil, you know why? Oh Jay's got to do well in prison. Let's go to North Miami Beach, Chelo. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah. Great show buddy. Okay. Listen. I want a little talk about politics today. Politics. Yeah. Something let's get off like all the crap. Politics. Yeah. I mean. Yeah. Let's talk about something really meaningful. Politics. Who frontwinter for 96. Who do you like frontrunner for 96? Yeah. I would say Matt Sandin. I was thinking Eric does your dad. No he's a defenseman man. Yeah. Yeah. But that's why they always stay at the rear. I just came down here from Connecticut in Fasso, November. Yeah. I think I'm going to foreign country. You are. You mean you think you're in a foreign? Did you bring your passport? I hope. Did you like it? Deported for you. I think they're going to port me. You'll never get out. No they won't deport you just you'll never get out. Oh my god. I'll never get back into the states. And what what what I can't believe is still Graham and Bob dole coming to Miami speaking to the Cuban saying. Yeah. Oh okay. No problem. We can have Spanish and English at the official language. Labor tape, power of Cuba. Labor tape, power of Cuba. There you go. Jesus man. We need to send some of these. Thank god we don't kind of know politics is that pander to any of these hysterical ethnic groups. You know what I'm saying? I don't know. We don't have that. We need to start like exporting some of these. Cuban spec. Some of these Cuban you just got here from Hartford and you're picking on a Cuban's already what those wrong with that. What about that? I've never seen a group so cocky and you're talking about the exiles. Okay. Those old Farts don't be dead pretty soon. They're all dying off. Don't worry about how come there's not an Italian exa community. There is. There is the runaway over to Sicily right now. No matter fact if you don't watch yourself they're going to get your ass. I couldn't believe that. Yeah. Get with the program man and stop you in such a goddamn magica. Okay. Hey. Jadigrate life. Here is a Hollywood. Hello. Neil how are you? Okay. Hey about this O-Chager. Yeah. We have an open line in date 751 Wild1 and Brow the answers. Yes by the way. 5249463 and 200. How do you like those last two calls put together there? There's a greener row. Huh? Let's go for three in a row. So we can get the coups, the clocks, and the client. Oh. Okay. Let's see how many times he needs to say that before that thing comes back huh? Labor tape, power of Cuba. Three. Labor tape, power of Cuba. Watch roll. Labor tape, power of Cuba. Cinque. Labor tape, power of Cuba. Say, oh don't say sex on your ass, Brad. Here's a dear field. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm curious. He keep on talking about no I do not keep talking about O-Chager. Everybody that calls talking about O-Chager they get hung up on like you. Here's a Western on the purple line. Hello. Yes sir. What's up buddy? What can we do for your pound? Hey, you got to calm down man. I'm very calm. I'm almost in a coma. What can we do for? Like it's the first time. Hey, it's raining catching dogs. Okay. Thanks for the good report. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Good luck at you. Good nice the ten minutes here. We'll solid the ten minutes abroad casting. Yes sir. Okay. Yeah. A couple things. I want to talk to you at first bowl about the concert. Yeah. I'm probably able to get a hold of the tickets on Sunday for Sunday show. Right. And look forward to it. I wanted to take my wife over there and she'll love it. Oh, good. And you might enjoy it too. Yeah. I'm hoping so. One other thing. We were thinking about moving over to Broward. We haven't decided before. We're moving over to Broward from where? From date. But you do have a passport then. Well, I'm hoping. Okay. Let me ask you something. As far as we find, Anthony. What's better to go to a bank or a market institution? Or at least in your opinion. I've never done it. So I'd be last one to give you any advice. Really? Yeah. If we were to consider Broward, where would you consider something like Pembroke, Pianch or Hollywood? Pembroke has a big rate right out there by all those old people. Oh my god. What is, and there's a good McDonald's out there. Two right in a corner of Tafton, hiatus. I'm out to Georgia. It's there all the time right next to a public son at Prince and at Pizza joint and the guy that I docked through that don't know nothing. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, Chilo. Neil. Yes sir. I'm a man from Connecticut right outside of Harvard and I'd like to say a couple of things. I think we get two people from Connecticut like out of four calls on how high possible. I've been here three years. Yeah. The guy get the get used to the humans. Well, that guy was just picking on everybody who's just an ass. You were. I loved the whalers man. Yeah. Except for one way. They're going to be leaving two men to go like 7,000 people again. They're on their way out. You know what? When I was I wind up in Memphis. Ten years ago, they raised their prices to like $30. Yeah. For the worst seats in the place. Yeah. And that was ten years ago. They're sure packet of men, aren't they, man? Oh, hey. The Harvard whalers. One good thing about the whalers, when you buy a seat in the upper uh, the nosebleed, see, you can sit right down there by the glass because you're in nobody there. They're in nobody there. Right. Where the training spot for the rest of the whole land. That's they got a crappy team too, but it's the worst. They really suck. I like the bro was. Okay. Good luck to you pal. They staying too. By the way, saw them a little bit last night against the sharks. I don't know who won that game, but Fred was getting psychotic. But the bro ones look like the same old bro ones. They do the same every year. They're like a daily in the dollar sure and they just they just don't have that fire. Somebody's going to fire under their ass. Here's a highly up. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. We've made a deal. God. You put a God. That's what it is, too. What albums that are? What album is it on? Yes. What's the name of that album? George, it's like the one that's in that thing in there. It's like the old one. What is the name of that? Oh, it's called Swijkomo Kero Sarah. That's what it's called. Okay. What do you mean? What do you give me a look like that? That's what it's called. Why aren't you going to meet in the middle? What do you mean? I'm going to meet him. I'm telling you aren't I'll take it home. Yeah. Hey, go give him a big squeeze and tell me 11. Okay. Okay. I'll give him a little time for you pal. Okay. Okay. Okay. So anyway, I'm going to take him home. We won't see him. That Daisy won't see him no more. I guarantee you that I'm going to lock him. I'll put him away in a closet and once in a while, I'll open it up and check him out through him. I'm a bone. So anyway, I guess so that's pretty much pretty much it for the week. I just don't want to close with a very important message. In fact, I got it for two people. First of all, for Wayne. You sound of a bitch. But more especially, I want to send it out to our good close personal friend, the Frankenstein assault floor to Mickey Erison. Do you sound of a bitch?