Thank you so much Jennifer will be looking forward to seeing that tape tomorrow or else He's gonna get it tomorrow big time tomorrow without fair. Okay. It's a promise So anyway the guy he just lit up a hole and not just a little light bulb over my head But a whole Hanukkah bush full of lights All of this stuff like those white hots that we ate with all the respect. I mean, they're good, but you know what's in them? loaded with Preservatives night trights and night trains no good and g baby Those Soss those brought worse than I bought at the certain supermarket which had a lot of mention which one They were good, but guess what's in them if you look on the label loaded with night trates and night trights chemicals preservatives additive stuff crap And the same with all those we need. Okay Now how come we can't find like this guy gave us a mills. Okay, a meal whatever the guy's name is a millsola How come we can't find a place where we can get some good natural stuff without all of that so that those of us who really want to Do a job on us and do it right you just can't see what I mean about this country Everything is made for shelf life everything is loaded with direct with Artificial with chemicals with preservatives with night trates and night trights and garbage And how come we can't find a good we need place for Kranowans Nothing like having a nice gas barbecue grill like that beautiful Weber grill I got over there at the house It works great. It's fantastic. It's so simple my dog can turn it on and off and roast his stuff on there But how about something good to put on there man? How about something quality? I like that stuff in a package that's made the last for like months and years and in a lifetime That's what we need That's what we got to spend the rest of our life Searching for desperately in search of call-lettered Nimoy again. Okay. Tom the straightness guy damn ear problem out and get his ass over here And let's see if we can't track down some serious meat some real meat not make believe me Let's think our teeth into some real succulent meat now we're talking baby into a weiner that ain't make believe Want to go about me when I want a weiner right or want something that's got loaded with chemicals and crap Here's homestead on a purple line hello Back to homeland There you go For the pure good food as it made as it should be right Be a troublemaker. You've been letting us see Lucius if I ever been to one? They lose you down the Caribbean. No, I have not never not go out of the Caribbean. I don't want no part of the Caribbean Sir, yes, sir. I don't want no part of the Caribbean. All right, sir But anyway Have a great day. He's done that was it that he just ran into a brick wall We have an open line on the purple line pound IOD and say you don't want I don't want no part of the Caribbean if I want to see a lot of Caribbean people I could just stay right here in date County man It looked out the windows the all the Caribbean people I want Butchering goats and chickens and hogs. Hey, we got a good hog made over there how about some jerk pork? Here's Miami. Hello, Daniel. Yes, sir. Just moved down down the coconut grove from from Tampa and You're on WSU and speaking of hogs God, I hate that God damn Bob after you so terrible I understand they're down to what two share and last book that they're dropping like a rock that even the nose pickers over there Cut out of what a bunch of bogus crap that is and they try to make a whole radio station out of one show with Gary Spivey and a hooter girl They try to take Ron and Ron and turn into a 24-hour station and slip that fat slob and they're in between and they're down to nothing I'm my heart beats very fast and please no one at their down to nothing. Will they deserve it? You'll never hear them talking on how low the ratings are. Yeah, of course not although I like Ryan Ron the rest of that work It's just crap is terrible. That work so I'm glad to be down here listening to you. Okay. Thanks, Bill. See ya Okay, there's a guy from Tampa in a grove. Okay, that's your tell you something we have an open line of dates 7-5-1 to in Broward again. I'm on here talking some heavy duty crap baby I'm on here looking for something I'm here trying to help our people our public on you assholes that went out and bought the book for Christ's sakes Where do we have some people with some information? Jesus, what is wrong with you people in this town the same Monday and more it's Tuesday? We're supposed to have gotten that out of our system yesterday Ask me to questions and I'll give you no bull crap baby That's what it's all about they just got no information We got that one guy with his A-Meele's place in Pompano where Vittal it is on federal highway We're he can actually go get something that isn't full of crap That's what we want where are we gonna find it? Who's got it? Who's got the fresh stuff? See this is when they started killing you people out there when they started putting all the little mom and pop businesses all the markets They start putting them all out of business. Air me place that used to bring in all the good fresh produce and the freshest meats and everything was like fresh Not packaged and guess what all the big supermarket chains came along and they put air everybody out of business In the American PublicUSPano wicked price for a man. They're dying over there They're dying on it because they're eating a bunch of crap 90% of what you're sticking your mouth as hazardous to your health And they're worried about cigarettes are killing people they're causing cancer That's the only problem we got is those damn faggots Right That's what they're saying all over American. I was especially up in their Congress said damn fat. I can't stand him. Here's Pompano. Hello Hello Neil yes, sir You're exactly right you know what I mean I came from a small town in Indiana just what you were talking about as far fresh produce You used to go into a little market there was the fresh produce just came in fresh every day from the farm It just been picked used to get the greatest fresh meats the used to have a guy there in the Delhi Your own butcher who would like cut the stuff for your fresh not something that was sitting around in a goddamn package for months and months and weeks Well, that's right you're right you know I can remember my favorite thing used to be I used to go to a place called a beef mart And I used to go order like a two inch dick ham steak and cook it on the grill I went to publics. I went to win dixie down here. They put looked at me like I was crazy. Yeah, well, it's out There and a pro docin is wrapped up in a thing that has a night trade and all kinds of ingredients Yeah, and then been spring and been sprayed with red dye to make it look nice and fresh That's right it's totally ridiculous. You know, it's like you say they put the mom and pop side of business It's uh You can't get anything good anymore You're right. That's why you get the guy was right when he said go to Italy or go to somewhere in Europe and you get because they don't they don't have most of the places Don't have these big markets like we got here They got their little mom and pop markets and everything is brought in fresh straight off You know a lot of the countryside every day and you get some quality and those people are live and longer than we are They're healthier than we are. They don't have the heart disease They don't have the cancer. They're doing great exactly You know it is matter of fact is places I used to go to they bought their meat from a place that was two miles away In fact, I I want to go with the kid that the father raised the meat and butcher it right there and shifted over to the place Yeah, you know we just don't have that anymore The only people we got butcher animals here are the ones in the little Haiti. That's right And let me tell you I live out here in Carl Springs my next door neighbor They sacrificed a lamb a couple of times a year old Oh geez at the purchase we can get you know I'll like it. They grow from it great. Okay, pal All right, but one other thing you'll you know this Brian Blake Thing you know I can understand this. How can we let somebody go that could be a powerful murder stuff that be so Automy and a police say they know it was an accident or they believe it was an accident But they got no details they can't spell it out to us exactly what happened And we're just supposed to believe this that nobody's getting grease somewhere and that this slime ball They could get on a plane and haul ass out to Seattle never to be seen again except on a football field You know I love that one line in that story I just read from the Palm Beach paper this this murder this death may never be solved Well, how's it ever gonna be solved? Let's say somebody starts asking some questions Well, that's what I say up. I mean is he gonna get a 21 gun salute when he leaves the airport? Probably probably I say a one gun salute sounds good enough to me Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Okay. Look at those brown lines baby. They got nothing to say 5249463. It's 1213 at Wild 610 Wild We know you listen and we've seen your little black book through okay 1216 at Wild I'm just gonna press ahead. Okay. You know the numbers already. I'm not gonna put you know What's the point with these people in Broward County? They're all about their busy It's trying to get their septic tank on clogged. Here's the lady in North Miami Beach. Hello. Good morning Yes, man. Excuse me. Good evening. I Don't have the streets right, but on university in Johnson There is an old world faucet shop. Yeah, and I know that's close to you. It is you know You're racing in Johnson is close to me while I mean it's not like a lifetime away and it took close You can miss shenney down that way instead of running the foggress or something like that Shenney what? Shenney down. Oh, shenney. Oh, shenney on down what down university. Yeah. Oh, you got it We kid me. I never I stay off of university. That's the worst road in the history of the human next to how I'm the old beach Boulevard. That's the worst road, but I of course can go down how far west is Johnson go It goes all the way out. I believe all the way to Flamingo park to Flamingo. Oh, just go to Flamingo Oh, that's right. So I can just zip down Flamingo to Johnson, right? Right. Also I've been on a three weeks of bus 15 pounds and eight in three how are you and the inches are coming off like crazy What have you what have we mostly been eating? Hamburger's with cheese. No, I forgot if I have sausages and an in an omelette But what kind of sausages are you getting your meat at the good meat plate now? I'm getting over the bad meat store But there's only the little teeny-weeny smoky length. Oh, I see just six of them cut up with these cheese which is one calorie the sausages are only two and And from lunch, I have either tuna fish or anyone calorie me one One proper high rate right and then for suppers. I've had everything from a steak to a cube steak Hamburger. That's not a cheetah. I had like a tablespoon of macaroni cheese and pointed it go off immediately Really? Yes, but it was good What do you mean it went off where I went from purple down the white? Oh really? Yes, how do you like that? So I've been purple and purple and last night I went almost down to the day that's fun to do though because it's a good lesson And you know to get back up. Yeah, it's amazing and everyone at work here says you're gonna die You're gonna die. It's oh, yeah, right and it's weird and it's it has been so easy because I'm a meaty to anyone And I'm enjoying this Yeah, but I I'm serious though this thing that guy really touched the nerve because I know that I the doctor when he was there on Saturday He'd mentioned to a couple of people a thing about the nitrates And that that's a really impediment to the whole thing. For whatever reason. I don't know why but it's bad I'll have to check it out, but they're only they're not even an inch long They're like three quarters of an inch like how do I mean half well I can relate to that I know what is the name of this place again? I think it's the old world sausage shop if you're going down University It's the big mall Republics and then an empty field and a seven or eleven is right next to seven eleven It's a little bitty teeny-weight Like if you drive to the house, but it's a freestanding place, though, right? Yeah, it's a little store. Okay, great. Okay. Have a good day. Thanks. Keep it up. Bye-bye. Bye-bye Open line and date seven five one two and a row of course five two four We don't care. I mean if Broward is Broward it's I'm not gonna change him. Okay. There's nothing in the world's gonna change him They just don't care. They don't give a crap So when we were at the sawgrass on Saturday I guess we were not in Broward we were like in the twilight zone. We were in Lala land. Here's dear field Beach. Hello Your field Beach. Oh, I love hearing myself back on a car radio. You know, it just it makes my spine tingling Yeah, okay, Brian that's nice accent. Okay, Brian have a nice trip to the little kick him kick the ass Okay, that's the abrine do a good job, baby and jump high and run faster. You better run fast Cause they're coming after you Brian. They're gonna get your ass We have an open line on the purple line. I mean, look, I don't know the guy from my Adam from from anybody From the blade runner girl for that matter, but somebody asked him question to get somebody an answer and as us go on with life Even just make one up would be good make one up make up a story But all that family that wonderful family. It's just stood up together. It's that feeling of love Oh, here's a lady mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hi Neo. Yes, man. I don't believe it You just blew my theory About what? I know what he's doing anything about this Ryan blade thing and what is that because it's a family thing It's a tight family thing and he's the big money money maker and breadwinner Yeah, if it had been a you know another Another person that wasn't related to them that had family. I think they would be the ones who would Yeah, the police are crazy, but because it's the family thing. It's a family thing right That's right, they want to every one of you fall the 30 winners. Remember that TV show family affair with Don Croio I think this is a family here Tangedly and Tom Hagen right I'm a kind of constant for days and tell you this and I haven't been able to get through it now I just get through it and you say it yourself well It's the money tree. I think every one of these stories we got there's a money tree There's somewhere and people want to keep picking the bills off the tree and oh, yeah I mean he's taken the money and the family has kind of been a sitting from it on down the line So I don't think they really want him to go to jail I'm taking money out of their pocket Yes, that's my theory That's right. You didn't know play no pay. That's a good point. Yeah, exactly. I'll show up there a camp and put that jack strap on I think you got it. Okay, okay, see your show on Sunday night. I will Bye bye Okay, yeah, that was that I get the Christie bitch What is he wrote? I'm gonna tell you if there's anybody out there that watches that show We're gonna call Brian Blades right now. He's gonna come to your house and slice your ass in half It'll be dancing chic to nothing Murder she wrote oh Oh You know who used to watch that show uncle Mikey and that locked only watch madlock too, huh? I'd be embarrassed to admit that I watched either one of those shows Do you know what I'm saying? I'm getting a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now still slow on the draw It's a 1222 a Wiodine You're Wiodine hiring people with all the wild looking their eyes. Where's my me like Pat Mullin? So speaking of ourselves department by the way, you know you talk about missing the boat Do you know how many thousands of our people that just bought the book? But I mean obviously if they bought the book they or somebody they know somebody around the town is on a diet Right thousands and thousands and thousands of people Now wouldn't you think that they would go out there and find like for example unicorn sells that Coleman meets And get them back on a year. I mean can you imagine how much business some of the if any of you business people out there who are busy Twitlin your thumbs right now because it's the middle of a July and there's no business to be found If they have something good like that that fits in man They could be knocking their doors down they could have the same thousand people 1500 people We had Saturday with a book online right now to buy the good stuff because that's what people want have you got it They just don't get it open line of day 751 to it Brower this is I'm gonna tell you seriously this Recently this has become so tragic just showing up here every day. I can't put words to it. Okay. I just can't put words to it 1500 people we had there on Saturday nobody's got nothing to say Here's and look at that look at all three Brower lines. Okay. That's it. That's all I needed to see that was the last impetus that put me over the edge Right there see and every one of those goddamn lines going out into the off position What the hell is it is there a guy name is Brian Norcross running around in Brower like the world is coming Who went up there running around screaming the own though the British are coming or something like that or somebody's coming Talks one year to WI OG have a great Tuesday, maybe I'm going to mommy's for lunch I'm going to give my septic tanks swilled out and I'm going to find some real meat somewhere and it's got for a second coil in a town Where's my meat Oh Because the less you live than I'm in wealth This is the calling I don't find This is no longer the value It's always in a watering container And the amuse your hands I can't prove I'm a civic I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not my life, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad man, I'm not a bad guy, I'm not I am not a bad man, I'm not the bad man, I'm not a Our program deserves to be risen to hundreds of millions of dollars. God willing I will follow you care. God willing I will be led to greater peace. I will stay alive. God willing I will gain the injustice over the journalist. My leader doesn't whistle. We got to confess that I don't say you know my mistake. Where's my niece? The girl in the breeze blew by the sound of the thunder. The girl in the flame went straight. The blast was full of stars. The girl in the evening there's fire. The girl in the evening has hit the ground by the fire. The blast was full of stars. The girl in the evening has hit the ground by the fire. The girl in the evening has hit the ground by the fire. I guarantee there's no night trights or night trates or any artificial preservatives in the Weasley's body, maybe just lick up. Okay. Now, it's interesting here of what we're going to do for breakfast tomorrow. Leftovers? 1232 a Wild. 10 Wild. Where's my niece? We need your trash. We need a material. Yeah, that's you. 1235 a Wild. A mobile and pepper fine. Hello. Okay. The place that a sausage place that he was talking about is the one that you got to talk about a few times the international International host of flakes. International homemade sausage. Is that the name of it? Yeah, this is the straight from the owner's mouth and there's only one guy and he's an old guy. Yeah. He has to use the dice. We need him to stay alive to lose weight. Wait. Let me tell you something. This guy is not prepared for the meal rods or so. If you know what I mean. I mean, he's just a small little star. You got you could really like to kill this guy. His first ball. His food is unbelievably delicious. Yeah. He's a little bit of nitrate. He says because if not, it turns grit over night and it's not very attractive. But if you, you he'll make it for you if you order it without it. Yeah. These, his name is Alexander and you got to check this guy out. You are missing out if you're not eating stuff from this guy's place. Yes, he has bacon. He does. He makes it all. He makes it all fresh. I don't know how to make bacon. I just think it's a kosher pig. Yeah, but I don't know how he does the bacon. I really don't. I'm not like an expert on this guy's techniques. But I am an expert on the taste of his food and his phenomenal. Don't put that forever too. You got to check this guy out, man. You're missing out if you're in the National House of Wood. I'm not the international house. Hold on. I got the guy. You made the right name for crying a lot. He says it's the overall susi shop. No. It's the international homemade sausage. That is the name. International homemade sausage is the name of a store. Yes, it's the name. He needs help. Kind of a name is that. I don't well. International homemade of sausage. Homemade. How make wife? How make wife lose weight, right? I'm making wife. He's probably got that fucking stock too. Okay, pal. Thanks a lot. Hey, you want phone number? Oh, no. Leave the guy alone. Leave the guy alone. I'm sorry. This guy's not prepared for you. Did he have the right address? University in Johnson? Yes. On the University in Johnson. It's just North of Johnson. Got it. Thanks, pal. All right. See you. Okay. International. How make wife? We have two open lines. Guess what they're both in Brower. We just can't get to you. Bastards for a lover money. Okay. They're all up there. Rippin out my septic tank today. Suckin all that stuff out. So it's nice and clean. And ready for lots more action. Okay. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. That's the Brower number. Give it a shot. Man, you'll be amazed at how he what a panic it is. Like Brian Blades would say. Why not give it a shot. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I agree with you, man. They ought to hang. Brian, Bradie. Yeah. Yeah. And the whole Brady bunch too. Open line and date. 7, 5, 1. Let's go to a bokeh. Hello. Happy Tuesday, Neil. Yeah, it sure is. Another piece of crap day in his town. Neil? Worst. Rain and out there. It's a crap day. And you think, you know, what are these people doing? Are they playing golf today? I don't think so. Are they out of the beach here? Are they out? What are they doing? Nothing. They're sitting inside. We got a captive audience of the cats got their pussy again today. I like that. I like that. Here we go. God damn day. I come in here. My whole life ain't worth a dime between 10 and 2. The rest of the time, not too bad. But between 10 and 2 and 8 worth a nickel. Two weeks. Yes. 14 pounds. Oh, great. And, uh, meals cutting the sausage as we speak. Who? A meal. Oh, you're at A meals. Yeah. What is that near? One black noise of the kidney. I've on federal. Oh, that's not that far. That's far at all. Okay. Neal, one, one, one, the shameless request? No, no. He's got the good stuff without all the preservatives. Right without all the chemicals? Absolutely. Yeah. And one shameless request. Yes, sir. Neal Rogers syndrome. Okay. Thank you. See you. Oh, that's not the name of it. It's called Neal Rogers disease. Or something like that. But is it in here? What? Disease. Oh, it's called Neal Rogers disease. Is it in here? It's not in this thing, though. Allen Box was a normal man with a wife, children, a summer home, an opalaka, and a chain of radio stations. Well, normal that is until just three weeks ago. Hi, honey. How was your day? Unbelievable. Terminal. There's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there. Allen Box is suffering from Neal Rogers disease. Have you canceled the Miami Harold, yeah? But honey, we don't subscribe to the Harold. Oh, no, that's a cop-out. What kind of a lame excuse is that? Just saying no to Earl Harold, sir. Huh? People afflicted with Neal Rogers disease have lost the ability to communicate like normal human beings. What's the matter with you? Blue hair don't bags from femoral pines. You know, the infant. So say, oh, Neil, how can you say those nasty things? Running around stealing sweet and low. Can I get you anything? How about those bag boys at Windixing? You know, it doesn't hurt to look. In credible Neal Rogers disease, a growing South Florida epidemic. Please help us find a cure. Honey, it's Friday night. You know what that means? Hey, you know what I got a night. A night. What's Lee Fowler got? Three points on something? Send your tax deductible contributions today. In Caribut 105. Terminal. Unfeelable. Unbelatable. Exactly as we just said. 1241 and W. ID by the way, I got to clarify. You know, those of you who do live, although you won't call me and tell me anything because you're upset now because I said the acres is unlivable for humans and it is. But the new public's out there by the saw grass. It is a beautiful story. And I do shop there a lot. But I got to tell you one thing that one day that I went in my old public's and the manager who just loves me, the tears and gave me all that Crystal light and said, hey, take all this stuff. And it made me sick. No, but seriously, he's a good guy. One thing I noticed about that story and you will notice, although it has been there a lot longer, but nevertheless, that story is packed. The other story is doing a good business to do one, but that knob hill and clearing public's is always packed. Packed. And you want it a lie. They got the good bag boys and that story. So yeah, I think this guy for requesting that bit because I forgot all about the goddamn bag boy factor in terms of the supermarket. The knob hill and clearing public's is where you'll find a good bag boys. I mean, what's wrong with having somebody good looking, take your stuff out to your car, huh? You can want to look at some, I'll be 70 year old man, slept in your groceries. Look like he's got a coronary on the way out to the car. You feel like you ought to be slept in his pacemaker out to him. So you people had run in that new one out there that new public's by the saw grass. You want to have our continued business. You better start to let me do the hiring. Okay, you jackasses. Another thing, too, did you ever hear such a thing as zone pricing? I never heard of that until very recently come to fight out that even supermarket chains within the same chain. They have different prices on the same item in different zones. Yeah, like all depending on where you live. So they can gouge the rich people. Exactly. So when they build a brand new expensive one out there by the saw grass, they happen to have like very high prices. How do you like that? I just thought I would mention that in a certain zone. You know what's on the way? Here's a mobile in Weston. Hello. Hey, what's up, Neil? How you doing, sir? Pretty good. I got a real good place for you to get your whiny. Okay. It's called Penn Dugge. Penn Dugge meets. Yeah. Oh, they got the best food. It's so fresh right there to kill the animal in front of you. You get to pick it up. All right. It's really good. Yeah. And also, I understand that we all had lunchtime. They have all bunch of Haitians come up. It's a two-for-one deal. They're getting ready for the sell-of-me later. They're doing a little animal sacrifice. That's right. And it's all fresh. You know, it's no nitrates or nothing. I've lost on the diet 26 pounds in a month. Wow. I'm jealous. And I cut out the gvello when you told me I had a little plateau. Right. And I cut it out. My headache didn't go away. Yeah. And that nutrus weed man, that stuff is killer. I never realized it's so much to like out on this thing. Yeah. And it's the best thing, you know, even the solei. I would just drink water. I wouldn't eat it. It's a little carbonated, it's a seltzer. And I wouldn't. So what is wrong with that? I don't know. The water is the best thing for you, isn't it? Yeah. You know, this is from the Italian Alps Man. This is Italian Baby. This is the MS, the real thing. Well, like they say in Naples, it's the MS. And I'm also the guy that had the constipation on the talking here. Yeah. But what I did was you were right. I wasn't having any carbs at all. So I wasn't having lettuce or any, uh, yeah. Yeah. You need a little bit of that fiber in there to work everything through. That's it. Push that stuff through. The best thing is a little bit of thinning. That runs through you like stuff through a goose. I love spinach. I'm talking to that. Soaked in butter. Yeah. Little melted cheese. Right. And then I'm a me and now we're talking. It's very good. I'm going home and make some right now. You know, I'm really sad that I didn't get the meat over the sawgrass I was working. Yeah. But, uh, I guess it was. It all depends on whether your fella was worth waiting two and a half hours in line with the 1500 people. It was, uh, it was a wild scene. Yeah. I still can't believe your sales department. I mean, you know, you're the best things in flight spread in the United States. They don't get it. They know, if you, if you could talk to some of these guys, I mean, this pat Mollon for example. This guy's a nice guy. I said, I don't know nothing about selling radio and I don't know nothing about this. And I don't know what you guys need. And nobody tells us nothing. I mean, these poor bastards, they just dragged these guys in off the street. Off, you know, most of them were carrying a three by five sign will work for food, you know. And these guys are out there and are livelihood is depending on us. It's pathetic. Anybody who saw that thing out there that we had on Saturday, they should be out there right now with a waiting list of people dying to get on here on his show. Exactly. And all the people out there listening to you, not calling your bunch of assholes. This guy here, he's, you know, he's given his heart to soul people trying to try to do something good for people. I'm not making a goddamn dime off of it. And the meantime, you know, when I need a little something from then they give me nothing. They give me heartburn. Well, remember at every 100 people out there is one good person. Exactly. So, you know, let me let me know when you find it. Okay. From the bottom of my heart. Okay. Well, on the bottom of my heart. Thank you very much. Okay. Keep it up. All right. Open line of Broward, one on the green line. Yeah. For one out of every 100 bagged boys. Okay. 1246 at WIOD. Like I said, I'm not joking about that either. Man, I'll tell you what thing. That old, that guy, the manager, that store, not Miller Clarries. A good, good guy knows me. Love this show. He's got some taste. He must be doing a hiring over there. Or else his wife is doing a hiring somebody. Somebody's got two eyes. 610 WIOD. None of us are on the same page. But it seems to be working. Sales, people are assholes. Yeah. What was that? It just died. Okay. We'll play that later. 1250 at WIOD. I'm telling you, man. If you go to Cresgue, you still haven't any Cresgue, you go to warrants. You go like to your nearby five in dime. For $7. You can get yourself a computer better than this piece of wreck we got. This thing burn it. I'm telling you right now. This is the biggest piece of Dreck. The biggest piece of crap. The people at Magnavox. They want their name erased from the front of that. They even they wouldn't admit to have it making it. They're making some big money now. They don't want to take credit for this. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I call to give you some information. But you mentioned it about 15 minutes ago. That's okay. Keep out in a way. Okay. Dr. Ackens book page 155. He talks about the Coleman's beef. Right. That's right. Now that you mentioned it's in there. Yeah. And then I was going to tell you. But unicorn. How come our sales department eight down there. Come on our good friend Terry. And our big fat friend Ron from the agency. They're saying, you guys ought to be on eerie. You can't get a line up from here to all the way to Jacksonville to buy that good Coleman meat. You're right. And it's unicorn villages like a one stop shopping. You can do anything you need. You get it there. I know it. I know it. You don't feel like cooking. They got the restaurant. That's right. Good point. I'm going to give you some information. But you already got it. Thanks. That's good. Thanks a lot. All right. So he's got a right there on page 155. He says because he's talking about the fact that, you know, all the crap that's in the food and the hormones in this and that. He says my recommendation to you is that when you eat animal food just as when you eat plant food, go out of your way, pay a few extra cents, get unpoluted organic food if it all possible. Frequent health foods are forget about that. They charge too much. Buy free range chickens in their eggs. Get your hands on some Coleman beef. Mel Coleman, a rancher in Colorado is not making major waves in the cattle industry. By marketing beef free of any tank of hormone or antibiotic and believe me, you'll also taste the difference. How come that guy run with his damn bread shop? How come he's not down here with some damn Coleman beef for this guy, huh? Use slime ball. It says we can expect more and more companies like Coleman's to carve out a niche for themselves. Bobby, you're super market. Let the know what you like. Be surprised. Are we sponsored there to the customers? Is that you're there livelihood after all? And Tom McWit, Howard ugly, bag boys, two he says. Add a boy, Bobby. What on mouth on that old fart? Do you hear what he said about some of those doctors? He said the ones he said, F.M. Baby, Tom to go F.M. What's up, man? My kind of guy's got a big disgusting filthy mouth and he knows this stuff. Just like me. Here's lots of hatchy. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Well look, couple of, I'm a first time caller long time listener. Yes, sir. And number one, I wanted to tell you, I don't know what's going on in Broward, but all of us here in Lockshahatchy, all three of us are listening. Broward blows. Broward just blows the big one, man. Well, you're crazy. Nothing like Broward. It sucks. Yeah, Lockshahatchy, you're number one. Yeah. But I want to ask you, I'm going to Vegas the end of the month with my wife. Who, by the way, will not let me listen to you when she's in the car. I don't know what you got to say about that, but I think it's terrible. Your wife will listen when she's in a car. Smelly bitch, exactly. That's right. Her name's Marilyn and that's the only problem I got with her is she won't let me listen to Neil. But slap her around a little bit. All right. I'll try that tonight. But actually, we are going to Vegas the end of the month. We're staying at the X caliber. Yeah. And I've heard you talk about places to eat out there. I'm not too worried about the fattener. I'll let him go ahead and eat it. Yeah. Where's that steakhouse you say to go to? I'm a right-of-date. One, which one? Well, something, uh, we're staying at the X caliber. And I've been to that that rosewood grill one time. That's a expensive joy. Very expensive, yeah. Yeah, especially those lobster. Yeah. But, uh, what do you recommend? I heard somebody saying there's something near seasers that's in that mall area. Oh, yeah. What the hell was the name of that steakhouse? Was it Morton's? Morton's, I think. Morton. Yeah. And then there's, oh, there's all kinds of good steakhouse. And just don't get sucked into the one out there on Sahara Drive. It's called the Begins with a tea. Oh, that place really sucks. It's a nice looking place on the inside outside. It looks like crap. Inside looks beautiful and a food sucks. Ha. Okay. And then there's the one inside the start-ups to us supposed to be really good. I can't think of the name of that one. Oh, William B. Stayedhouse or somebody B. Stayed cows. Willie B's. They got a good one in the start-ups. Okay. Well, we'll try that. So, alright. Well, I hope my wife's listening because I think you told her off. And I'll see what I can do with her when I go. Okay. Butch up sweetheart. And your wife too. Have a great time pal. Okay. Open line on the purple line. Here's the Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Firstary doesn't own the unicorn anymore. Really? Yeah, no. I wonder we're not getting no good from over there. We got some motherglace. I've got her in the car. I've got her in the car. She's a company purchased it from Terry and the gang. How do you like that? And the Smith Brothers and Terry and the whole gang is gone. Huh. Alright. But I had called earlier and I had to run and do something else. They do sell un-cured hotdogs over there. Yeah. Which of course the curing is the nitrates. Yeah. Well, when you have the nitrates, it's like having a disease. It's like having a disease. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. But they do sell the hotdogs. See that don't have nitrates in them. That place over on university and Johnson that the lady mentioned. Also doesn't have nitrates. Right. Also there's a on sunny Isles Boulevard. Which is in, you know, North Miami Beach. There's a smoke. Oh. That's been there forever. I don't think I'm going there. Fish smoke house that does smoke fish. That also is not fish. Oh. Oh. Oh, not fish. Oh, not fish. Well, anyway, this kid. There's also a company called Shelton's or Shelton's. A mature fit to T or D that also sells poultry. Yeah. That's free range and they sell their version of turkey hotdogs that are also not cured. Oh yeah. Never thought about that. And they are also available at, well, not only the unicorn, but a lot of the, more modern type of health food stores, usually your frozen, the only difference. See, I don't know if you're frozen. I don't know if you're in the corner. I just wanted to crash. Yeah. I don't know. In fact, I mentioned yesterday. And if this was any kind of a town with some knowledgeable people out there, we'd had 500 calls just about that. When you take steak and you buy it frozen or you take it home and you're freezing, then you thought out, it never tasted as good as when you make it fresh. Oh yeah. I've been on the close. I've been on the sites and basically the late 70s. I've been on an offset, mostly maintenance since then. I remember when used to drink the protein that tastes like. Like, like, protein, yeah, crap. That's when I actually first started it. My father who has since passed away told me that this actually was a modified version of what they call the Air Force diet. Yeah. Which he had heard about after the war, which a lot of the, the servicemen were given to try and get them down very quickly. But you might want to check it out and again send your sales force out there to the company. Oh yeah. It's a new group of people. I think it's a large grocery concern out of the Midwest at Baudet. A large grocery concern. That sounds dangerous. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the good news, pal. Oh no problem. See you. Open line and date 751. What a Broward. 524. Yeah. See like it says in the doctor's book. If you start screaming in the L and at some of these big grocery chains, say, hey, we're sick and tired of you poisoning us in our family. And how come you don't bring in the good stuff because there are a whole lot of us who really would buy it. Maybe then they'll just open up their ears and listen. Here's Hylia. Hello. Oh, all right. No, it's. I'm going to go to Carnegie Valley in New York City. I'm going to have myself a big thick roast beef sandwich. A lot of mayo and raw in a big potato salad. A lot of mayo. A lot of mayo. Yeah. I love mayo. Mayo is in. Yeah. Fat. It cholesterol. That's stuff. I love it. I want to pick a basket. Yeah. I'm telling you the truth. Diet is within the person. It is not in the book. It is not in some guy. Yeah. There's nothing Rick Sanchez. It is in you. You want to die it. It is inside yourself. You make the will power you through it. No, okay. Right. There you go. There's the guy with a definitive answer. All you people have lost all this weight the last four or five six weeks. It's you're just being led down to Garden Panthers. Guys got the answer. Just run up there to the Carnegie Dellie. Get yourself a big goddamn roast beef sandwich with mayonnaise. Sounds like a real go-aheish you're up to me. Okay. Roast beef with mayonnaise. My god. What the hell would Abraham say about that? And also by the way for the jackass to call George off the year. My uncle's name is Hyman. Okay. Hi. With the jewelry store in Canada, with New York. Hyman. As in Hyman. Roth. Here's a pop-in-oh. Hello. Yeah. I'm sitting inside today reading my newman's Patriots football weekly. Oh. Yes. I call you. I don't know if you want to describe the know you got the salad. You see most of their games, but they got it's his first year. It's ever been out in the game. What do you mean see most of their games? I'll see all of their games. All right. Well, hopefully I'll get the things to be. One of the one right here, because that's the one game I'm going to. And the dolphins is the knowingling game. I've never been to Joe Robby because I don't want to support Hyman. I'm going to play that but I may break down in the game. Well, I'm not going to pay for it. I'm going to get him from Fat Rich. He goes to you as me after eight million dollars worth of free food and a pop at a park last four years. That is true. Yeah. But yeah, it's really good. It comes every week now. So you're 30 to subscribe 30. You know, every week on towels, but all the stuff from mobile glass. Yeah. Can you come with news about it? All you hear is the dolphins every Sunday. Now when you got to satellite dish, man. Yeah. Now I can't afford that. Not when you got WSBK in Boston. Yeah. That's true. But I heard you can't. Well, I don't know. You couldn't get an S and I wanted to get the small one. It was more affordable, but I heard you couldn't get an S and on it. What on the small dish? For act. Nesson's on there. Is this? Yep. I don't know. Absolutely. Yeah, because I mean, every day I turn a radio in the dolphin, Superbowl, superbowl. I mean, I just, I'm really, you're getting tired of it. Yeah, if they're not messing with Nesson, okay, pal, go Patriots. Okay, okay. Okay. In closing. Yes. Don Shula, owned the durable farm. Okay. All right. And Ben Coates is God. In the book. Well, I'll be getting. And still, first of all, the whole of Miami, dolphins. WIOD Miami Fort Lauderdale. W-A-E-Y-N-E-S-U-C-K-S. Yeah. Hughes talk at entertainment radio, six-tier. WIOD presents the Neal Roger. Yeah, good. To talk with Neil, call 751 WIOD in Wade. Well, five-two-four WIOD in Broward. Outside of three-of-five, there you go. It's toll-free. One, eight hundred, nine, four-four. WIOD. Oh God. And so, you know, one customer is called Pound I-O-D at No Charge. Now, the Neal Roger show, a news-talking entertainment radio, 16 WIOD. It's the water to two hours. Yeah, but let me say something. Let me say something. What's the matter with less being golfers? Can't you tell who really love him, Mals? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs, bathroom stalls. Just lick up. I'm a girl, friend. He's all so petty. She's the fan. I'm the bitch. She calls me dirty. Muffs die. That five-two-ney Taco. All right. It's still late. It's called to me. My favorite hole it doesn't have any number. A green or a fairway. No, quit me because I'm a snapper, Lapper. I play golf and I'm gay. Oh. I'm a little bit too timid. I caught him. Clubhouse. Let me golf. It's the only time that they're got. I'm gay. Let's play Elk. You're gay. Still ladies golf to me. And ride is this great shit. I'm my face. It's the only ladies golf to me. Big fever. One, zero seven at WIOD. Happy Tuesday, too. So we're getting a little bit of info. Now we're getting a load on. Actually, we ought to begin it off the year. Because once we give this stuff out on here, it's especially that poor little sausage guy. That poor little sausage maker that's probably standing there with his little tiny machine. And stuff and all that stuff in that casing, you know, grind. Oh. Yeah, I can remember that years and years ago, my grandma, my Bubba used to be there. And I think my mother too, if my memory is that good, shoveling all that meat in that little meat grinder boy. Oh, but that was fresh. Baby, that's the way to do it. Grind your own meat. Don't let anybody else grind it for you. We have an open line in date, 751 WIOD. I just mentioned that in passing. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been working for about three days. Two or three weeks ago. I had two bit really bad headaches for had to stop at the kitchen at that time. I lost it at 6 or 7 pounds. Yeah. So I need to stop it. Well, it's the headaches for just driving me crazy. So I've got to figure out what was causing them and see if I can get them to stop. I should have come to the thing or in Saturday, but I had other plans. Yeah. Just blow you off. Okay. I even like you a Luis Miguel. And I live and broored. Okay. Okay. Congratulations. Do you know what it is that has to come? It means until you forget to call us back. We have an open line in date, 751 WIOD. Five, two, four. Oh, that was desperate. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. First come call it. Okay. How are you doing today? I'm doing okay. So far not too great. Not too bad. It's okay. Great. I haven't had a better days than this. I don't know where stays in. It's too like yesterday. Have you? Yes. Oh, that's good. Hey, listen. How about you doing today? Okay. Oh, not bad. Well, how life lose husband. We have an open line in date, 751 WIOD. Five, two, four. Look at the date on that piece of coffee. Would you five, 19? What year is that? Here's a land tana. Hello. Hello. Oh, wait a minute. I'm going to run mine. Hang on a second. This is land tana. Yeah, Neil. I can't believe it. Oh, wait. I think it's fiery for it. Okay. Oh, yeah. The press conference at two o'clock about the tans. About what? Oh, tell me. No way. Yeah. I heard it on wind. You heard what? That I think is having a press conference. How do they know what he's going to say? Uh, because I think what he's probably going to say is deny the reports in the paper the other day about how Erisson from the heat is going to buy part or all of the panthers. I think that's what it's going to be. Maybe, but what are you going to do? September 10th when the doffins go wild. Meaning what? The doffins have been there. You mean, you mean you know, we waited all this time on this line, which we never get across. You waited all this time to give me a bunch of bullcrap. The doffins are the best. Okay. Get out of here. Go blow it out, charad. The doffins. They haven't even played an exhibition game yet. This guy's already the dolphins are the best. Every year we go through the same crap. Okay. And even assuming that they are the best. So what about that? And Wayne Hypinga ain't selling off. And then you were a jackass. That's one of the passion bone callers. Okay. So I rest my case. Desperate, date list and uh, and oh, it's used. Well, listen, that will happen after Nixon resigned. The White House, the nation was dickless. That's what I was going to say, but it kind of fit in better there. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, what happened yesterday with that lady cursing you out? About what? You made up with her yet? You mean that bitch in here? Yeah. I haven't made up. I'm not talking to her. She can kiss my ass. Nobody comes in here and talks to anybody on here like that. Much less to King. Exactly. What's the problem? She's a stupid bitch. That's her problem. No, what it is. She wants to be. She's a little bit too much. She's just another one of these little pussers they bring in here. They give her a title. Everybody's got a title in this place. And uh, she thinks she's going to flex her muscle and run around running off a big mouth. Well, yeah, we just put it this way. You are the king and that's what matters. Everyone else could go to hell in that place. Okay, my son. All right. Yeah. Okay. Jenny Fleck done this. We have an open line of Broward 5249 4663524WL. Yeah, that bitch. She don't need to be coming around this part of the building at all. And by the way, you might be interested in knowing that as we are walking through the building, that as we walk down stairs to take a leak, not necessarily together. George and I both noticed that during the news break, and they've sports boots in there would Jeff pardon me for sucking around too much to forest that guess who's in there with them. Andy Calb and Steve Dickel. Oh, man. It's a tornado. Better get the weather brought back on. Oh, Calb, Brian or Crossman. Suction. Heavy duty. Man, a suction level of the. Wow. See, wanting in my life. I don't know about any of you. One thing I can't deal with is people who are suck holes. I can't stand them. I can't stand being around them. I can't even look at them with a straight push. People who are ass kissing suck holes. I can't deal with them. So we're going to have to probably have a rating system. Okay, like who's number one this month and who's like slipping down a notch or two. But I sure I sure have a feeling I know who's number one with a bullet. 12 after one at WIOD Pro. It's 10 WIOD. You don't need an IQ to call. That's a good thing. 115 at WIOD. So little Andy Calb just walked in and stood at the corner of the door and just stood there. And I said, what's the matter, Andy? Kack out your tongue. He said, no, it's in the PD's. Rectom. So anyway, it's 1160 at WIOD. Let's go to Del Rey. Hello. Deal. Yes. I'd like to make the comments on the blade with. Okay. So I think he's guilty, but that's not for me to say. Yeah. Number one, there were two people in the room. One dead once alive. There you go. Couple of bullets, two shots for the price of one. Also, the thing about it is. No matter to bring your, uh, make a statement. Yeah. He can lie. He's the only one who can walk at their feet. Exactly. Like I said, if this guy ain't hiding something at least, if your IQ is bigger than your penis size, make something up. And then we'll say, okay, it sounds fishy to me, but at least there's a story. We'll have to settle for it. And if the cops are buying it, okay, go out and play your goddamn football. So basically the whole thing is he's going to walk. Because anybody with an attorney and he's got one already. He will go in and make a nice story. And why if he wasn't involved in the fight. What do you mean he will go in? Aren't you listening to me in three days? He's going to get his ass on a plane. He's going to see you. And he ain't coming back. Well, if he ever goes in, how about that? Yeah, I don't think it's going to happen. Either way, he's going to hide behind his fifth amendment, right? Yeah. That's going to be the end of this. Well, anybody who hides generally, there's a pretty good reason for it. Well, I'm not just agreeing with you. Right. I'm saying it's true. I think he's guilty to tell, but that's. And I think the police, following their plantation, should be more aggressive than their investigation. No, no, no shot. You're right. Okay, pal. Have a good day. Hold your breath. Okay. Well, I feel better now. All this meat talk. Here is, I still say, man, if we had an aggressive person down there in sales, they could turn this guy down to the whole African thing. And I'm not saying doing it by exploiting anybody, but they could turn it into for a fun and profit. And for helping everybody else, including me, it would gigantic bananas, that even more in Green would be impressed by, but they don't get it. They're busy running around with stuff. Oh, you want copy? Oh, why don't I just say, what does that mean? Why does that mean? What does that place there, huh? Pat Mullen. How could I ever be so wrong? Well, he seemed like, you know, a fairly rational. He wasn't liked in a way, 600 pounds. He didn't have ears like Mr. Spock. He did it. Look like somebody would kick out immediately just when they walked in the door and said they were a saleshold. Like most of the people we hire. He looked like, you know, almost a real guy. But come to find out. He's like, in the trailer, and we should have known that from the deal with the guy that was potsking around my Corvette. Here is Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello, man. Yes, sir. I'm a zombie president. I ever think I'd channel 33, but for some reason, Sunday night, I got it. I was watching sports reps. Yeah. Yeah. I was looking at his eyes. I was like, you got some good pills, but anyway, I know there's been a cabs name on it. And I think they feel like he's part of that show. Oh, yeah. They're all in there together, man. Birds of a feather suck around together. Yeah. Well, nice to see sports reps. I didn't, I don't know, just the format was all about that. But pretty close, I was like, but I was trying to show. I was pretty, was on to the commout yet or what? No, he didn't come out yet. The party was on and he's got the father to season, but he's also, he's got his own shape because he took a year off. He's ready to go. Yeah, our buddies. Yeah. He's ready to sit on the bench and give them any encouragement. There you go. But, yeah. I'm going to question if we're going to snap him. Yeah. I've been listening to you a lot about your diet, more than I think, you know, you're the first person in my life. I've never gotten me to the point where I can adhere to a diet. You know, I think as I had to cut out the bristle brew. But I finally found a bristle at a high 3.8 pounds, which is a fun ice-light. But I'm a snap of a freak. Yeah. Yeah. I've got about 15 grams of parbois in the meat. So start drinking the salters in the diet's sodas, man. Yeah. There you go. You're talking about the ice teas. Yeah. Oh, you can't have that. I mean, I'm missing, but you can't have that. Yeah. I'm trying to cut him out. When in doubt, cut it out. I will. Unless you're not overweight in which case, buy double to make up for it. And if I get caught with my guy, he's listening. I call 1130 last Thursday, but you and your relationships react in the spot in the impossible. Oh, I'm, I'm making an attention. I'm making an attention from a man. Man, I think I got your mind here. Oh, good. Okay. Have a good day. See you in my new phone. Open line of Broward 5249463524WIDA. We probably couldn't be making some serious money. Like I just started saying a couple of minutes ago, but when you work here, that ain't going to happen because they have other priorities. And nobody's going to tell them what to do. Nobody's going to tell that Jeff Clark or any of these other assholes. What to do? Because they're the goddamn experts, baby. They came and stood around on Saturday and saw that gigantic crowd said, God, did we ever do a job, huh? We sure did. Here's a Palm Beach Gardens, hello. Palm Beach Gardens on a purple line going once going twice. Go back where you came from. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. Two in a row? Hello? Yes. Asshole. Another asshole in Palm Beach. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Me, you. Yeah. I need someone advice about the diet. What do you need to do when I bought the book? Yeah. I started diet. Yeah. And like in the third on the fourth day, I forgot that morning I have a glass of chocolate milk. Oh, Andy Campbell just disappeared inside the program director's spectrum. Wow. Yeah. I'm sorry. What was it? I have, I like, I got too much. Normal cutout that milk cut the crap out. You're not on the diet. We have an open line on the purple line. So D1, that's three bozos and a row is that four. I lost track. Here's a lady in sunny Isles. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I wanted to ask you a question about the vitamins. I'm planning on starting on this. Do you order them from the doctor's medical center in New York? No, I don't. You just get me. They brought me some of his or they sent him to me. But I just go like to your regular drug store, health food store, whatever I get some good stuff. And it's all right there. Oh, okay. Thank you. Because you know, he even admitted he was talking to some of the people around Saturday. And he even admitted that the amounts in the vitamins that they made in his center are too low. That at least that's what he said. Oh, really? Okay. But in the book, it says exactly what we should have, right? Yeah, but you don't have to go by exact. There's no listen. Taking vitamins is not an exact science. Science. I mean, the recommended daily allowances, so low that it's a joke. So you have to like kind of judge for yourself just as long as you take enough. But you just don't overdose on either things like A or the ones that you know, what I'm saying. Sure. Okay. Okay. Open line and date one on the green line. But I tell you those winners on those green lines. And if Palm Beach lines like that Jack, I told you, did I tell you? Oh, no, it's one of Aaron's listeners. He's got the number. Yeah, the dolphins are going to win the pen and okay. Isn't that what the dolphins are going to win a Stanley Cup. 122 a WIOD. 610 WIOD. Listen, but don't inhale. Crafty macaroni and cheese is so cheesy. Some people think that cheese would come first. Ready for more crafting macaroni and cheese? What did you say? I asked you if you wanted more crafting macaroni and cheese. I see. Is something wrong? Oh, I see. There's something wrong. Honey. How many times do I have to tell you it's not crafty macaroni and cheese? It's cheese and macaroni. But it says on the bottom. I don't care what it says on the box. The box is wrong. I'm sure they wouldn't print millions of boxes and just triffits them with them. They usually are not listening to me. It's not cheese and macaroni because the box says so. It's cheese and macaroni because it's so cheesy. The cheese should come first. Any rational person would understand that. It's a bird's gift from the bottom. I don't care. Look, I've completely lost my appetite. Just make me a drink. You're a chin and tonic. It's tonic and chin. How many times do I have to tell you? You can't wait for me all heavy one for some battery. It's battery and it's salt cheese. It's great. Graffty macaroni and cheese. If someone insists on calling a cheese in macaroni, for God's sake, let them do it and make no sudden moves. Almost as funny as Lewis and Martin, huh? Or Costello and Abbott. 127 a WIOD. Let's do coconut creak. Hello. Hello, is this WIOD? Yes. Yeah, hold on. I got a comment for you from somebody in regards to the full water down there. International Airport. We want to boycott the contest. Is that okay? You have a comment for me? Yeah. What's the boycott for water down there? What do we want to need to boycott? Why the hell should I do that? Because it's a union problem. Yes. Union problem. I'll blow it out your ass. Union buster. Hate people like that. We had unions in this business. We wouldn't have to put up with the unseparable crapped that we do. If there was a union in this town, Cox would be out of business. They'd have to sell all their properties in this town. Because there are a bunch of slime balls. Slime buckets. You can just see the slime as you walk up and down the hall. Or is you just look at that black chair? We have two open lines in Broward. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, five, two, four. W-I-O-D. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir? Hey, how are you, Neil? How do you like that jackass? Uh. Lines made a boycott that concessions because there's a union problem at the airport. I usually don't like jackasses, but he was good. Yeah, he was an excellent guy. Jackass, you're right. All right. Hey, I want to thank you for that. Nobody is perfect, but he was about as close to being a perfect jackass as you're going to find. You're welcome, sir. Yeah, wreck them. I nearly killed them. Yeah. So I want to thank you for the diet. That's what I say. You're welcome. Yeah, really. How are you doing? I lost five pounds in four days. Okay. It's excellent. I don't fall asleep at work anymore. Yeah. They don't pay me anymore, but, you know, I'm awake at least. That's good. I know what they're doing to me. Mm-hmm. And uh, I want to know a little better, too. Uh-huh. Yeah, I want to know about blue cheese. How many carbohydrates we're dealing with today? I'm going to tell you, I'm going to bring in my book to our agatixic complete book because I would just be making up. You mean like, rogueford? Yeah. Well, maybe it's in. Don't you have the book? I do, but it's not even just this cheese. And you want to come on. No, no, no, no, come on. It doesn't say, but we won't see it just as cheese. All right. He's got cheddar. No, that one's not on there. Ha ha ha. Uh-huh. No, it's not in there. I'll look it up with my book tomorrow. The guy said, shot right there on the air. That house wrong with you, man. I want to thank you. And, oh, by the way, crap. I'll bring in a green book. We'll get a run on that one too, because that's really good. You must have that book. It's a big fat one. Uh, but hey, that's, you know, the guy said crap. And that's the way he felt about it. He probably on this, uh, wishes he could take a few more. But that's, you know, you want to spend your life on the throne. You want to spend your life shopping for new clothes because you lost all the weight. And you're looking feel better. That's my question. So we got the unicorn today. And what was the other one? The pen Dutch mates, which is an old sponsor mine from years ago, which is a big harness Racing people of there. They're good folks. The harness racing people are the good people. And the good people. And what was the other place? We got emails in Papadobitch. And we got the international house of sausage shop, the international home-made sausage. Well, that's what he said. That can't be the name of the place. Huh? He said it's everybody loves about it. It gives us a different name. Yeah, it's either the old world sausage or the international home-made sausage shop or the, uh, the We need place with Alexander. Whatever it is, university in Johnson. So check out their Johnson. Here's Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. Go on. Yes, sir. I got fantastic news for you. Yeah. Your internationally renowned now by the voice of Flair and judges is called on the WBLO M.E. And he's like, free broadcast new all the way around the world. What are you talking about? You have like a showy for you at home? No. Well, I'll somewhere I can in the closet somewhere. Yeah, we'll pull it out. And the showy for you too. Yeah. And, you know, just like, turn around, 3800 kilohertz and somebody has rebroadcasting the signal all over the world? Yep. Great. Excellent. Very. Who is it? The voice of Lair and judges. Which means what? I had no idea I just turned this to. And it's probably coming in better on that than it is on the radio where you are, right? Yeah, it is. That's great. Okay. Keep it up, pal. We have an open line in Brower at 5-2-4. These people, man, are just, uh, oh, God. One thing about our audience is just your average everyday cross-section. And that's the problem with the world. Here's, uh, by the way, Nick's all healed up in case anybody was working. Y'all are going to horny Nick's all healed up looking much better. And he just showed up at Mama's house in the wheelchair. Here's, uh, no, not him. She is. Yo, no. Yo, how you doing? Okay. Yeah, you should have got a lot of weirdos calling. Yeah. Y'all are only screaming at everybody so stupid here. And they are. There you go. There you go. There's just a list of the station 24 hours a day. And it's a proof positive. You had any doubts. Absolutely. Well, there's a new one for you. Okay. 25 years old just started my own business. Yes? Yes, sir. And I'll tell you what. I'm going to come by the station, give you some business cars. And even, uh, do a job on your car for you. It's a mobile detail business. Okay. Maybe, uh, get some advertising. And you can help me get my business going. Great. Okay, pal. Sounds like a weiner. Okay. Just do it. Don't do it tomorrow. Don't do it. I went to the Spencer gets very paranoid. No. All right. Yeah. I have a go. Okay. Good luck. Later. So yeah. I was a good young enterprise. He started his own business. And that's the way to do it. I've told you this for years. If you went all possibly can do it. Go into business for yourself. Get a hot dog stand. Maybe you can buy your weenies at the international. Go into business for yourself. I know it's not easy anymore. Especially with there's like no competition because all the big giants have squashed a little people out. But if you have any opportunity, do it because working for other people blows it sucks. And then every once in a while, I don't know my boss is wonderful. Well, great. There's always an exception. One. But not too many. Okay. Because when you work for other people, you're like some kind of a little underling or in a case of some people around here, a little suckling. 133 at Wild. 16 Wild. Somebody's laughing somewhere. Okay. 137 at Wild. We've been Johnson for a really great call all day. I think we may be on the verge of it. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes. Yes. Um. About. About. Yes. Um. This. This. This. I'm. When I'm. You know, it's saying called me from. From North. From North. From. I'm. What. When. When. From. North. Broward. Detention center. Yeah. It. It. There. There's. Over. Under. Yeah. And. And. And. I hear. I hear. Now, a little share want to. Rent space, you know, the court room. Trump home be to Tami's. heard from. And. Sheui. We need some help. F we do. questo me. Either. Either. either. I like the crime victims. Or else? We need some help. Yes we do. Yeah. Do I want to, don't you have any other comments about that? Do you have any other comments? I don't know what are they. No, do I have, have you ever heard of any other comments? No. You're the first complaint. I am. Everybody else seems to be able to pretty good time in there. No, not, not. Not from one eye understand. Yeah. What did your boyfriend do? He is my fiance. Well whatever he is, what do you like an ass murderer or something? What do you do? Do you look up on a people? No. Help. Help. You violated his technical violation, Pearl. What does that mean? He, um, helped. But the black short to a pro. You know, you know what? He did not show up to his pro office. Why not? Because I am disabled. Yeah. And he has been my caregiver now from over a year and a half. Yeah. So she has put these managers of, of, of, of, of, of, of on the building we reside in. Yeah. So I see, but you work on landscaping. Yeah. So, so, so, so you tell me, you tell, you tell, you tell, you tell, you tell. You tell, you tell me, what, um, what, of he has, possible, time slob. Don't go in there and pee in a cup. We need some help. Yes, we do. Yeah. So how was it? When you pee in a cup. I don't know. To, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, to, that once a twice better, better. Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, don't, with me. He didn't even know what. Pete wants your twice in the cup. Yes. That's probably why he's in there. You know what I'm saying? No, I don't understand what you're saying. But you're not supposed to do that. Yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes. It's a requirement. Why don't we have a probation? You have to pee in a cup? Yes. Is that like a regular or like a coffee cup? Yes, I say. It's like the test to or something. Damn. They're not the test to urine. Form, for many drugs or something. Yeah. And, uh... Gorgeous. Yes. Yeah. And, um, yeah. Can't, can't, can't, can't, can't. Can't, can't, can't. Once or twice, that, um, that, um, that, um, that, um, that, um, that, um, that, um, he got caught up too much with me. He. Yeah. Shoot. Yeah. That's all. I have, I have, I have, I have, I have, I have, I have, and I'm unable to take a shower since that's all, some of these men in there. How long is that, man? A few days. Oh, man. I thought I could smell it right over the phone. No, no, no. Oh, that's bad. No, no, no. But you can't smell me. Oh, God. Oh. Just my eyes are watering. No, they're not. Yeah, they are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. They are. Yeah. What good luck sweetheart? Good luck to you. Alright. What call the president, have him race them hell about, okay? Yes, I hope so. We'll do it. Okay, thank you. Oh, um, um, um. Oh, bye. That was Eran. Okay, I could tell. I was Eran. Oh, um. Okay. Good, can you tell? Yeah. Come on. You put that, damn, six bit, John, here. You're trying to convince me it's a great call, okay? Oh, oh, yeah, can't fool this old bird. I'll tell you that right now Anyway, we have an open line on the green line 1 800 Let's do Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay? What the hell's wrong with that lady? What do you mean what's wrong with her? She's got a social problem there and she wants to share it with you. She wants to spread it around It's clear that hell out of me Neil. What's what he said holy crap? That's exactly what he said Open line on the purple line pound iod we got one on the green line up there For getting more retard's in Palm Beach kind of which you're a welcome them to be a you know a Medical project for a science and the future in the human race 1 800 944 9463 1 800 what the hell's it all about? Oh All right, I wouldn't yep okay 143 a Wild let's take a parion next hello Hey Neil yes sir. How you been okay listen I went to the malls we can got the book for my wife. Yeah, and And she's reading in the car on the way home and she says well, you know let's stop by the you floor The store and says well for you for them yeah, you know to get one 11 whatever that's what you need there, you know, and she goes Well, you know this book is pretty big I'm just gonna take me a while to read through and you can cook in some turtle to get me through the book brilliant brilliant She's been reading the book, but now I think we bought the wrong book We bought the doctor how atkins health revolution is that the right book? No Hey, listen in her case and I could have made any difference. Okay. He's got a half way through the book. Yeah He tells me where the house is that yeah, yeah What's the name of the book tell her it's right under the turtle okay get out of here It's like they got with it. Let's roll with a little tomato I wanted to mean it. I was 400 pounds. He watches the little tomato Okay, yeah, go sit on it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am Yeah, listen on a new listener. I really enjoy your show of course, but I'm funny. Okay another but yeah You're skinny. You're a second tender all these fat people like me talking diet crap Well, I always said to like that last broad that we had on there That was a little bit something different for you. I wanted a different call, but I've been fake but no was not fake no it was the MS Oh, he's a system pretty sorry individual right in it very frightening Yeah, and the Ryan blades thing. Yeah, why is it so interesting? I don't I mean the guy killed her and and that's it. I mean, that's just a story. You know What do you mean why is it so interesting? Yeah, at least OJ Simpson is on trial at least he's in jail I think they'll bring him to trial. You're crazy. He's leaving in three days, Mr. Aren't you Wake up in small the Daphid Hills, man. Well, I've been listening to your show, but I mean I'm not I'm not even talking to him. He says I got my rights. I'm not talking I'm leaving. I'm going to camp. I'm gonna run higher and jump faster and Diddle my thing more and that's it No, they'll nail him. They'll nail him. Okay. They will. I'll be back in about a month and let me know how they need all the more I have something to say I do. I do okay for these listeners who who are into all these people It's a statement that I learned from a professor. Yes, sir Superior people talk about ideas Media worker people talk about events. Yeah, and inferior people talk about other people. I have no life I have no life. I have no life. There's an answered for a fan. I have agreed life. Thank you. Okay, if you can find one 146 to W. I would need good guy, but he's just a little bit slow. Can you know? Did he not slow he understand they have no life? They're like a whole other they have a vicarious existence through some other asshole, okay? What's wrong with their own asshole? 150 one was it a burger king was it a McDonald's that's the question. I think it was a Carl's junior I think they both of them really died from that Ebola crap wasn't that it or was it the what's that other stuff in the burgers? Come on quick In the burgers what those kids were dying from what's that? What? No, not Ebola Ebola is in Hamburg Okay, whatever you say E. Coli E Coli. Well same difference E. Bulli Ig E Coli same old difference BCD Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Hey, hey, don't know okay listen. I got a just one out and got Dr. Acton die at recipe book Yeah, you want something good. You had a look and that stuff. Yeah, that's great. Oh, well, that's not until after you're on like Meetings, you know, that's or whatever I'm going on my maintenance. I just dropped 25 pounds in three weeks great and Another good book really really didn't jealous. I'll tell you that right now It's called the carbohydrate addict is my doctor heller. Oh Horan, do you think that's a good book? No, no listen. Oh, what drove that thing in the toilet baby I in fact I did throw it out. I bought it. I read it and I threw it out. No, no, no What it is is the small version pocket sizes it gives you everything you want to know about the fat content the calorie and the carbohydrates I see I thought you meant that stupid diet there. No, that's right We eat anything you want for an hour at night. Yeah For example the gentleman a call back after about blue cheese. Yeah, okay one ounce of blue cheese is a hundred calories One gram of carbohydrates and eight fat grams right so you know how much carbohydrate one that's all that's all For one ounce all right, okay, that's what I like about this book. It's like a quick reference right Yeah, but I got a better one and I'm gonna bring it into Mara Okay, I don't start or run. It's a big. It's got like 30,000 of both brand names and generic It's got everything that's ever been invented in yeah This has also epic food like if you want to go out and eat Chinese right this has got it all Yeah, so I'll bring mine into Mara. We'll see who's his better years or mine Oh, I'm sure yours is all right Talk to it. Okay pal keep it up. But 153 and that jackass that called a couple of hours ago Well, there's no such thing as diet and it's all within yourself and just force your jaw And I'm going up to New York to the Carnegie Dellie and have a big roast beef loaded with mayonnaise God, remember that guy the mayonnaise guy If ever there if you look up the word stupid guy in the dictionary you'll find that guy's pick your right next to it Okay Here's the West Palm Beach all Yeah, Neil yes, sir good afternoon that woman son like she forgot to take her pros that she was great I think that was Governor Charles now that you mentioned it his plane just about got a yesterday He had a little stroke. He said a ruffle run lately Oh, yeah Neil have you did you ever get my articles? I sent you on Joe Falls with the Detroit news. Yes Those are good. I'm so pretty interesting. Thank you so much. Yeah, I knew on July the fifth I got to set this up right Yeah, there was Chris take house and that's my mother's birthday July fair What's it? You took my mother to roots Chris that was nice. Oh, yeah happy birthday. I think I was in the Berlin at the time Of course you're going there and you have to you have to mortgage your house. Why is that? The pay for your potatoes your bench the bones all get out of here. We're at listen We can't all go to international house of pancakes. Okay. I mean there are some restaurants that are designed for people I want to spend some serious money for quality food and Ruth Chris is one. It's a great place Oh, yeah, yeah, the food's great. Yeah, but I didn't realize just like that rosewood really In Vegas that I love it's not for slippers. It's not for people to want to eat in McDonald's right I mean you're the kind of guy that would go into that What what the hell is that steak chain where you go in they give it a little potato and little tiny? No, no, no You know what I'm talking about no, no, I will tell you one of the I'll tell you a chain where they do have pretty good stuff is stake in air I like that only problem is the only one that I know is in Hollywood in the average client Others 400 years old You know that one on Sheridan Street that's a good place. They have a great salad bar and they got good stakes I mean maybe not not like Ruth's Chris, but they got some good stuff Yeah, let me set this is great. Let me set this up. I'm going by the way You know George who else ought to be bringing stuff in here is the outback now that we can eat steaks How come our goddamn stupid mother scratch and sales department downstairs? How come our good dear friends at the outback who love us? Why aren't they bringing in some great steak here we now and then you stupid bastards down there? We got a chance they could probably this in the $80 billion worth in billing They're like busy picking each others ass. I'm sorry. Go ahead. No, I don't know busy trying to get Andy Calder trying to excavate him out of the program directors problem I have to go take a link, okay, so I look at this table and I see you and at you and at the broads boyfriend They're in jail everybody's got this damn scorch score. I'll know yeah, got take a link. Yeah So I go by this table and it said oh man. I got to set this guy up. I go by come out Well, what were you talking about where like at the roof's Chris stay close. Yeah, so I come out I look at this guy and I said I don't know what Rogers He looks at me and I know who it was He looks at me and says no Yeah, I think I stand there and front him for about 20. What how was it? I can benefit guy comes up and says Thank you. Oh, you serious. Yeah Thank you around with him. Thank you as a new nickname. You know what it is? The walking rectum. It's incredible. Okay, I've a great life get out of here already. You're killing me. Here's the four-laterdale. Hello Yes, sir. Great show Neil. Uh-huh. Sure. Yeah, a lot of little story for you You know the governor's club downtown for an out of town. No, well the governor's clubs and old club they had down there for years and then we're gonna boil it down With lots of dynamite and they had a big party set up across the river. Yeah, and all of a sudden after that Town near the city paid $100,000 down to the demolished company All of a sudden they said they can't blow it down They're gonna have to knock it down with a steel ball You know why? Because blockbuster's buildings right across the street and Wayne didn't want his building to shake Oh God forbid Wayne don't want a shaking ten-year-old believe it in Credible that is big party to had the campus. Where's the party? Oh, we had the campus with a party because of that They can't blow the building down now. Yeah, another no story. I just sent some bad vibrations through Wayne's Reckham. Yeah, that was great. Yeah Real-crule Bob. That's your coming in handy. I'll tell you open. Let's look. I appreciate some residuals. What is it? Remember curdle Bob? Colonel Bob? Yeah, Colonel Bob what? Well, I didn't want to say his last name he died Do want to collect it all the airplanes? No Well, uh Colonel Bob? Yeah, they called him Colonel Bob. Who the hell is he? Was he? I don't know you're some security guy. No, I have no idea how to attack and die. Okay, whatever you say Well, he had all these so model airplanes Yeah, $1000 worth yeah, and Which is in the paper that norm can't donate it until a museum norm can't see executive of his estate Yeah, and now strangely all the things out of this house seem to be disappearing Like all is generated for when he had storms and his computer All the interior of his house go and they go and the first one Your norm just brought to bought that numerous cities. I wonder where the hell I'm on a came for for that Yeah, he's the executor and there was only one distant relative that they could find and great that Why no arms on? He's not gonna get nothing great. Okay. I'm leaving everything to my dogs to hell with norm Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Hello Lady in Miami Look at these things. Yes, hi, how are you okay? I've been holding it. I got to take a leak Did anyone I hope you don't hang up on me? Can you tell me? I am so everybody's leaking it I know that lady was all kind of a beautiful Yeah, he was the art time thing For thing I blow it yeah right listen I just have back from vacation Yeah, I'm hearing all about this book and I would have asked George but he's very quick on the whole button Yeah, because you tell me the name of the book Oh, you're not gonna do this to me right at the end. Dr. Atkins new diet revolution Thank you Dr. Robert Atkins. I got that you got it. I got it baby. It's number one Thanks to me on the software of best cellar list number one new diet revolution Dr. Atkins new diet revolution Okay have a good leak. Bye bye. Okay. Okay. It's not funny. It was all about July. What norm just called that fast? It's not funny. I didn't do it. Wouldn't you think I would write brilliant defense attorney like he would be vote in something useful like You know like defending somebody in court right now instead listening to the guy damn me a Roger show We've been on the edge for 69 years And it gets more fun every day news talking entertainment radio 16 W i o d Miami Fortlutterdale