Big Beaver, excuse me. And I'm really honing for it now. Alright. Use Toggen Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show to talk with the O call 751 WIOD from Dave. 524 WIOD from Broward. Outside the 305 airy code is toll-free. 1-800-944 WIOD. At AT&T Wireless customers can call found IOD at No Charge. Now, the Neal Rogers Show, a news-talking entertainment radio, 610 WIOD. 5-800-944 WIOD. That son of a bitch is cute. I'm a spy. Where never be apart. You do what I say. Or I'll rip out your heart. Psyched by the O call. By me, O my city's best. You can't forget that crap. You lost your time. You're gonna do my laundry. I'm still cooking up for me. I'm so you make you really act too loud. But love, something you're acting rude and mistaken with all of your tools. You're sleeping too many times. Yeah. And I'll never tell the two get paid. Won't be enough to pay all of Master Kong. Master Kong. Master Kong, I'll steal video. Oh, it's wrong. To remind you of the rest. Your death comes in IRA me. You'll of death. I'm your son, dean. Cos you thought I was weat to you that I knew you'd the same now. Yet I still won't let you hold on the deal. But I'm still making you life one big limit now. I chearse you in between me. I'll be good when you'll never make a go to the North! Yeah, okay, 10 away to WID Boyd, that a beautiful song or what, huh? So anyway, guess what I was watching for a moment ago, we got the 85 new talks shows on just since that one on vacation, we got George Hamilton the 4th and his ex-wife. Now, that's a good pairing in it. George Hamilton the 4th best known in recent years for his horrendous performance in Godfather 3 for his abortive performance in Godfather 3 and it's still singing a rose in a baby Ruth. Remember that? I bet you don't. I bet you don't. You do? You never heard that. Some old like revival, fossil specials are, it's show stuff like that. Yeah, that was one of those back in the late 50s. There were a bunch of so-called, well, they were kind of like actor singers and they all were given songs that were monotone because they couldn't sing. Like tabhunter did young love. Now, Sunny James had a big hit on young love, which was a big hit. And tabhunter also had a cover which was like a moderate hit and tabhunter couldn't sing as a way out of a paper sack. He looked pretty good. He was a screaming queen and did some strange things with his German shepherd. But nevertheless, tabhunter was one of them. Fabian was another one. Remember Fabian who also some people thought looked pretty good all the way down it and couldn't sing as well out of a paper sack. And here was George Hamilton the fourth who had a medley of his smash, arose and a baby Ruth. He's doing a TV talk show with his ex wife. Then he bought a douche bag is doing a talk show. This little punk who thinks he's hot stuff was busy in the closet wearing his mommy's dress or whatever hell he's doing. Getting beat up by some 40 cent hooker. And then guess who else has got a talk show who is really a pig? Oh my god. Ryan Wilson's fat daughter. Now isn't it interesting? You notice how these things all kind of like clustered together. Remember they just had that Brian Wilson epic that great black and white piece of direct that was highly touted and turned out to be a piece of garbage and her name is appropriately enough. Carney. Is that where she hangs out in the carney? She's the fat lady in the circus. Oh, she's up. She is disgusting. She's nauseating and she's got nothing to say except that her dad was used to hang out and sleep a lot in bed with his teddy bear and that was it and they had all used to dump their goods in the living room and that was it. She's got a guy damn talk show. Carney Wilson. Everybody's got a TV talk show. God damn it. I just if there's anybody out there who's looking for work. Remember that kid that called the baby for a one out of vacation? And at 22 year old kid that was about to rob a bank just get yourself a TV talk show pal. You'll be making a fortune. You'll be famous for 15 seconds before they cancel your goddamn ass. So I come in here this morning. Well, thanks to that guy who's doing it with Randy West or whatever that guy said he was doing for that incredible information about the passion bitch. They got her down. They got her down in Tampa. They got her off in Tampa, which probably was the first time for her. They got her ass off the air. Oh, look how how do you like that? And this happened not yesterday, not last week, not a week ago, Shivouis. It happened over three weeks ago. And the word inside the building as usual, let's keep a lid on it. Let's sit on this and don't let the word out because it's too embarrassing. See when we went off the earth in Tampa, in fact, I kind of voluntarily said screw you guys because we were laying a big egg over there, man, a big gigantic bomb. That wasn't our market. I'm not so sure that this is, but that was definitely none of our market in this town. And you know, so I said, hey, screw you guys and let's get back to doing a show over here. But that was after two years. This bitch highly touted, she was going to show us all a thing or two. They had 19 stations that wanted a sex bitch on a guy named Error, immediately not if not sooner according to Steve Dickhead. I got you to him. Right. She was going to set this state on its ass on its ear on it. Any position you can think of and something that haven't been invented yet. And she's off the ear on WSUN where if you got a two share you got a big number? What is that? What is that all about? The sex bitch has gone in Tampa. I got you down. And she's on tape in Errorlando. How does that work? Do we have any idea? Because we got all these green lines in here, but she's off the ear in Tampa. She's on tape in Errorlando, so she can't get calls live. So I guess she's just stuck with this audience, which that should tell y'all needing to know. Anyway about these intimate light, whatever these things are called reduced fat, I got lots to say about that. You know, I didn't meet this woman. I came in. She brought them for Rick and Sads. Although Sads is on the Atkins by the way, and doing very well. Thank you. So stop trying to screw up as diet lady with your goddamn intimate garbage with this crap. Well, I wish I wouldn't let them take the box out here. I wanted to read the engraved labels on some of those boxes. Oh my god. When you fight out one of the donuts, there was 42 grams of carb in one donut. So that's what I'm going to do. I'm just going to read the labels of all the goddamn things. What are those donuts? You're right, 42 grams. 42 grams for one donut, and they're not even like big donuts. You know, like those big jelly donuts? And what's this guy on his talking head show is we're in a Panthers jersey. Look at that. Oh, this is the leases show. Nintendo helps him release job stress, and he's we're in a goddamn Panthers outfit. All right. Okay, nice job for the dolphins last night. Pretty mediocre. And JB Brown locks out one great game. He's playing his career in plays last night. He's on sports talk tonight. Nice timing, JB. 10 13 at W.I.O.D. Let's kill these regions. Okay. I mean, if he wants to come up with something new that we haven't heard 8 billion times. But in the, just for the benefit of the audience, save like 20 seconds about five times an hour. That's like 100 seconds. That's almost two minutes. So we can combat this evil thing that they're doing by jamming up the station with all these extra spots. By the way, if anybody out there is wondering where his Bob Green and where his Cheryl and where his Steve Dickhead and where's all these, they're having strategic meetings again yesterday and today and tomorrow, more meetings, more busmings holiday, more corporate expense. Boy, I wonder how much they're a shell out of this crap. So anyway, getting back to passion bones. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm not saying that we got rocket scientists listening to this show. But wait till you hear, this is from a university of Florida graduate. Okay. A fact that we somehow intercepted somebody on a staff. I don't want to mention Adam's name, but somebody intercepted this facts intended for the passion bitch. Wait till you hear this. As I am well known, I ask that you not mentioned my name on a year. I'm a recent RES ENT resent graduate of the University of Florida. I'm a white male, M-A-I-L. A white male. Graduate of the Gator clan. Okay, a white male, M-A-I-L 24 and average looking. Oh, be. Anybody, anybody that tells you their average looking. They are uglier than crap. They're uglier than I am. I have wanted to have sex with an African American male since I was 12 years old. Well, through the assistance of a voice male line, I found a black male model. He is 18 and was very good in bed spelled B-E-A-D. He was good in bead. He did the deed in bead. We did everything, but 69 and he was excellent, he capitalized as an all-God he was good. I'm about a hundred miles from Gainesville now, so I don't know when if ever. I don't know when if ever I will talk to him in person again. We still talk on the phone. I am sure even though it was a one-time together. Oh, I am sure even though it was a one-time together sexually, I am sure we are becoming good friends. This is a 24-year-old graduate of the University of Florida. Oh, my God. I wonder what the first thing was he told his brother when he got together. Can't beat that gator meat. But we sure are becoming good friends. The experience was wonderful. He and I had talked about. He and I had talked about we liked before we got together. And I got oral sex and my full body stroked. Please tell Terry if he is listening that he was excellent. Oh, all right. Another gator strikes a tear into the hearts. So anyway, here's some entomins reduced fat, 50% less than our regular cookies. Here's some chocolate chip cookies. Serving size three cookies. Okay, and there's 27 cookies in a box. At least if this is right. Three cookies, 21 grams of carbohydrate per three. Is there anybody out there who if they started eating these would eat only three? No way. No chance. Minimum you would eat minimum would be six, probably eight or nine, right? Go because they're very small, they're little ones. So if you ate six that would be 42 grams of carbohydrate. But these are reduced fat. And you wonder why all you people out there are still fat? Now let me just give you a little piece of info. Okay, since the trends came out while I was on vacation last week. Not that these are necessarily all that scientific and exact, etc. In addition to which we know about 40% of the audience on this show is closet audience. Women where we never have any women ever. For example, you look back February March and April. We had a 2.8 share. This is women 18 plus 2.7 the next month, 2.8. Then we started talking about the Atkins diet. Now men were still number one. Kick an ass going back up a little bit with about a nine from 10 to two. Women in May June and July we went up to a 3.5 from number 14 to number nine. And in June, July and August tied for number six with a 4.2 in women. Now they won't call us of course. They're in a closet. So when you wonder all those fat Julio women that were on channel 10 on that piece last Friday. And all these other women who are losing weight and I'm saving their life on the Atkins. Guess what? We know you're out there sweet hearts. We know you're there. And spite of the fact that I'm cascading and chastizing the stupid women of America or busy watching the talk and head shows, we are finally actually getting a few women who are not busy. They're all goddamn existence watching stupid idiot talking TV head shows. You ever see a head show? So anyway, George Hamilton the fourth and his ex wife and we got the Carney Wilson and we got Danny Bono douchebag and we got JFK Jr. He had a show for about five minutes and Ron Reagan Jr. He had a show hand one for about five seconds. And he dropped it. 10 21. We don't want to you know burden you with a lot of spots, but that's what we're here for. 10 21. In fact, when there haven't a strategy meetings, what they're probably planning right now is a way to just have as tape a few liners to drop in between the spots because don't forget, don't ever forget it. The sales department runs the operation, baby. Just keep that in mind. Wait, I'm looking at this log with this new sinister thing that are programming and sales and management asshole types who are busy in her strategic meetings right now. They're having a strategy session to see if they can drive us down to one sheer, I guess. But anyway, I'm looking at this structure here at this stricter and you know, they're choking off the programming. In other words, basically, all we got is spots in promo. So I think that's the next thing. We're cutting out the rejoins on this show. And number two, I think we're going to have to cut out these promos. Is there anybody out there in this audience who doesn't know that we have the crappiest, the most inaccurate, the most never are there traffic reports in the history of the human race? Of course not. There were joke. We don't have to get promos for that because it's an embarrassment. It's a black mark on our eye. Is there anybody out there who doesn't know that we do the news? Okay. Right. And one of the other promos for is there anybody doesn't know that Rick and Sons are about in the morning and feels on to the afternoon and the passion bitch for the time being is on at night and we got the stuff overnight that we wouldn't promo if the held a gun to our head. You know all that. So what are we just wasting? Let's get to it, baby. Like the list of ship. That's what it's all about. And these people, it's like they've got a goddamn game plan to chase away the audience. Here's our first call, lady. Hi, Neil. How you doing? I'm doing great. Welcome back. Thanks. Three things I had to tell you. Okay. First of all, another talk show that's on is Tempest Blood Cell. You used to be on the cause B show? That's not due blood cells. Why is it? No. Now, she used to be on cause B one of the daughters. She even got her own talk show. How do you like that? Uh, she's got her own show? Yeah. That's f***ing bitch. Another thing, I was up in Cleveland in June. Yeah. And had the mistake of listening to Jasmine Kay. She was free WWE and it was funny because he's up there and he was basically saying that everybody can kiss his ass because he's now heard in 32 markets. Okay. Or guess what? Our 32 states. I was just up there a couple of weeks ago. Got canned. He got canned and so did your buddy. You got your buddy. He was he reabudging and bragging. I mean, you heard and say yeah. Her, he was bragging. And he could be heard in 32 states. Well, what we do? And now he can't be heard in any state. And he can't be heard in any state and even altered states. Yeah, they said that they didn't do his contract and Jerry Bruce got fired because he was more interested in the computers than in working. Is that what they said? Yeah. Because the rumor that we heard is that he quits. No, that he got fired. Who said that? It was in the newspaper. Are you serial boy Gary got candid allegedly on the air? See you. He got fired and jazzed the case contract wasn't renewed. Unbelievable. See you. I thought that was kind of funny that, you know, he was bragging and bragging. One other thing I wanted to ask you a question about. So our grass mills mall every morning has a mall walkers club. Okay. They have a what? Mills mylers where you go there and you do your exercise walking for the malls. The mills mylers? Mills mylers. Oh, hey. Yeah, a lot of young people are doing it. Really? Yeah. The only thing is every handicap parking space is filled in the parking lot. But yet they're all in the mall walking. Does that make a whole lot of sense? They're walking like laps around the mall. Am I on a half around and they're all in the. Well, maybe it's like the that Tony what the hell is his name? They're the a faith healer. Maybe when they go in there they get healed from whatever the hell I had. Maybe they just throw away their wheelchair and their crutches and their cane. Maybe we just put them all in there and lock the door. That's a good idea. Would never problem with handicap parking. Well, is this is this while the mall is open or before they go. But from eight until 10 in the morning. Yeah. So they're in the walk. Also, they're just parking the handicraft because they figure that there's the mall. They're really open. But I guess what they've all got their little handicapped. They do. They have those little things out of rear view. They're all hanging in there. Yeah. They're in their human up the storm. How do you like that? What a scan this is this is one of no. Seriously, this is one of the great scandals in this country. It's people who illegally obtain handicraft because they're lazy and they don't want to walk the extra two for three for hundred yards. Well, somebody go take a look in there any morning and you'll see every spot taking and the thing hanging in the window and yet they're all. Well, next time I go over steal one of them for me. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye. See you. Yeah. You see ordinarily. I wouldn't mind. I'm really not that lazy. I'm pretty lazy. But not that lazy. But when you got to walk an extra mile on a half justified parking spot, which usually do with the saw grass, it kind of comes in handy. Because like I've told you before, more often than not 95% of the guy dim my handicapped spaces are empty and they're like 75 times as wide as your normal spot and they're about 40 of them all together. So put that together and you got about 50,000 yards. Okay. Where we going to the Grove. Hello. Hello, Nail. Yes, sir. You had mentioned some time ago that you were off medication as a result of the atkins die. Yes, sir. And I was wondering at one point did you come off medication. In other words, what were your readings blood glucose readings before and after? Before and after? Well, before you came off the medication. Well, don't forget I was taken medication. Right. But if I didn't take medication, my blood sugar in the morning would be like 180 to 120. Okay. And now it's like 98 to 102. That's great. With no medication for weeks now. None. Zero. Yeah. That's why I don't understand how the channel 10 piece they had on the atkins. They never even mentioned anything about diabetes. They did mention that it does lower your blood sugar, but they're insulin levels, but that's all they said. And the fact that this is one of the greatest things for diabetes that's ever been discovered in history of the human race. And they conveniently neglected to put that in there. I assume you came off with your doctors. Yes. He called right on a year. Right on a year and told me to not take it anymore. Oh, that's fantastic. Yep. And he's on the diet two and he's lost a lot of weight. Well, that's great. It's good to have you back. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. I'm a big closet audience out there. Like I said, it's starting to show up even in the numbers, but they, you know, they don't want to tell us yesterday. We had all kinds of different people finally starting to admit that they're doing great. They're losing the weight. I got a couple of faxes. We had that 19 year old Julio who called in that said, even all those big fat Juliets out there at the international mall in no speaking English country. All of them are on a guy named that. They're all clamoring to buy the book. Now, there was that piece in a hero. The course the piece in a hero was called Neal's radical diet or whatever it helps you called it. So don't tell me that this show hasn't had the impact with this ad kind of thing. In addition to which speaking of the ad kind, that the risk of a screw in myself, I did go to publics yesterday right after the show. And I bought they only had a couple of packages left. So I probably because I mentioned it in the first place. Even though I didn't have the correct name, the product that I was talking about those weanies. Bores had light hot dogs. Now these have they are 50% reduced in fat. And most of the products reduced in fat forget it. They have the same carbohydrates even more than the ordinary. But these particular ones have zero carbs in man. Even though they're smaller, teeny weanies. But you cooked those up on the grill and they just, oh man, are they crisp and delicious and fantastic. The best weanies I've had in my mouth in a long time. Bores had light hot dogs. Okay, I just mentioned it. You'll be out at Lorenzo's, you'll be at publics, you'll be at the A&S. You'll be all over the place, gobbling them all up good luck to you. Okay, they're great. In fact, I think that when people find products that are like carbohydrate free that we haven't talked about before, the very least that they could do would be calm us up and let us know about it or or facts it to us, but they want. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil, welcome back. Thanks a lot. Nice to have you back. Sure. And, Liz, I want to thank you for the, I lost 20 pounds on the acting's diet. Oh, oh, and now what I did was I just transitioned into just a doing eating health here. And eating a little differently because now I'm starting to be more active. Yeah. It's sure it helped me lose that, you know, the first 20 pounds that needs to lose to get rolling into into a different type of, you know, lifestyles. And I'm just raising my activity level up and starting to work out again. I'd be real careful though about what you're starting to eat because it doesn't take long to gain it back. Really? Well, that's what the thing was. I didn't want to move when I was two, ten. Yeah. And now at least I'm down to where, you know, I feel comfortable getting out of here. We've got enough energy to do it. Exactly. So I just want to talk about that. All these exercise freaks. They're always talking about, why do you got to be more active and you got to do this? You got to go to the gym and you got to work out. Well, when you're like big fat blob, you don't have enough energy. You can just really crawl your fat ass out of bed in the morning. Much less go out there and start running on the treadmill and go into the gym. Yeah, exactly. But it worked. It worked for me. It got me where I want to be. And I wasn't going to call you. Thank you. Okay. Keep it up, pal. Yeah. Okay. So the dolphins one last night in a gun. No, we haven't had anybody even this morning on Rick and Sudden. I noticed very little comment about that. Now maybe the people are coming down to earth and they finally realize that, you know, the defense played very well, especially JB Brown last night in Brian Cox. But I got to tell you something, man. That was not what you call a really spectacular performance. 17 of the 23 points came on a four turnovers by the very inept offensive Pittsburgh. Pittsburgh defensively is spectacular. And I think it's a very offensively without O'Donnell in there. I mean, forget it. They're just pathetic. Mike Tomzack is like a grade school quarterback. He always has been the only good game he's ever played in his life was last year when he picked the dolphins to pieces. He had his big day. That was it. That was the, uh, head, medley of his head. The kid is pathetic. And if O'Donnell would have been in here and also Rod Woodson would have been playing last night, I'm going to tell you it would have been a different story. Okay. So just consider the fact that you slipped by didn't look all I could running game was not existent. Then he boy got belted on his ass one time got all bent out of shape, you know, but, you know, you got to take the hits Danny. You can't just stand back there like a statue and expect never to get touched by human hands. Okay. Wasn't a dirty hit. Wasn't a spear job. It was a good clean hit. And he's grabbing the guy by the jersey and he's getting all pissed off because all the mouth thing off that went on a week long. You got to go out there and be a man, Danny Boy, it take the, uh, you want to take the punishment. Like, blood so blood scows got a separated left shoulder. Finish the whole goddamn game on Sunday didn't play all that well. But he went out there and played his ass in wicked pain. The entire game, he's got a separated left shoulder. Butch up a little bit, Danny, okay sweetheart. And do something about those lips. Finns expressed by the host guests or callers on WIOV. You're not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. All WIOV programs are copyright 1995 by WIOV Incorporated. No take recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOV. Incorporated. Brad Pitt God. You've heard the allegations on the news. You've read the steamy accounts in the newspaper. Now you can hear it straight from the horseset amount. It's a new sex line from Bob Packwood. One nine hundred Congress. Hi, this is Bob. Right now I'm wearing a dark two piece suit with those little garters that hold up my socks. I bet you're getting hot, huh? Well, you just do wait till I get them down around my ankle here. Bob Packwood's one nine hundred Congress is the number to call when you want to go all the way to the top. Now you stay on the line long enough. I'm going to put the phone down my pants. Let Bob Packwood to send us one man sex machine. You tell you what really turns him on. I get off on women who can't stand me. And I can tell, baby, I'm really making you. Goar. Call the sex hotline that never gives it to your straight. Bob Packwood's one nine hundred Congress. You're supposed to be a woman. Well, they've defeated my diary, but I don't find. I love to hear the word. So, no. Bob Packwood's one nine hundred Congress. You're supposed to be a woman. Yeah. Okay, 1041 and Wild and I should have known. I saw that we had a call in Broward. I should have known it really wasn't a Broward call. It says a mobile in Houston likely story. Hello. It's the truth, Neil. I'm in Houston. Really? I talked to you about something. I'm in Georgia. I live in Houston. And I just want to call you and congratulate you on the Dawkins women last night. Why are you congratulating me? I got up into it. I'm out of Dawkins fan. I'm a Patriots fan, man. I thought you were a Dawkins fan. No way. When I was down there. Huh? You talked about him on the radio when I was down there. Where was that? Back in June, July. No chance. Hembeta, Dawkins fan for this is the second season now. Oh, you were talking about him. You must have been hallucinating. No, not me. That's why I was in jail because I was hallucinating. Yeah, I have an alley. I'm not going to congratulate you. I don't want no congratulations, pal. I got nothing to do with anything. I'm not going to be a phony and jump on a bandwagon. I was rooting for the Steelers last night. If Neil O'Donnell would have been playing, they would have won a goddamn game. It was kind of rough shape for the field though. You have a tape or a good idea. It was one. The field was in rough shape though. Why? Because they had the baseball during the baseball. I guess I guess muddy. I'll be getting a lot of rain down there. It was muddy. It looked like what game were you watching last night. Man, it wasn't muddy. There wasn't a cloud in the sky. No, it didn't rain last night. But I mean, it's the field seemed to be wet. Yeah, something was wet, okay. No, you have any CDs or cassettes that are best up Neil. Do we have any? Yeah, I mean, can you buy any, anywhere? Can I order something? Starting November 1, call George in November. Call George in November. I'm going to go to the right. And I can order one for the phone. You can order right over the phone. How do you like that? Have a great day and go Patriots. Okay. Now we're talking to you. See how easy he was. Go Patriots. What a suck old man. Oh, no. I just changed my mind. I'm a ranspan. They're three and all. Okay. Go Rams. Rammit. Okay. Now we're back to normal and proud. We got no calls there. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. That purple cell that are one line is the open pound IOD. I'm sorry. The purple AT&T wireless line excuse me. Well, it takes too long to say that. We don't have time. We got to start talking real real fast now because we just don't have a lot of time here. Okay. 5, we're just off to the same kind of starting brown that we were yesterday. What's going on with you people up there in Brart? You all do in the mall walk up there with the swag grass. Are they all out voting? Of course today on a guide there. Penny sales tax increase. So we can have our real great schools in Brart County right likely story. That guy who called and straightened me out yesterday. He was absolutely correct. Anybody that votes yes on that and believes you're going to get good education. Brart County you're in a dream world man. You're in Lala land. They're peeing your money away. If the public in this country knew the way that government's local state and federal government's Peaway are a money man. We'd have a guide there in revolution. If anybody ever got up off their ass from watching the talk and head shows. 5, 2, 4, W, IOD. I'm waiting on Brart here baby. I'm waiting and I'm going to wait until God damn hell freezes over. I'll tell you that right now. Until we take the next call. Miami. Hey, man. Good morning. Okay. Do you know what? Yeah. Oh, they didn't kick ass. They didn't really play that well. Man, oh, my window got hurt though. Poor little man. He can't take a hit. Yeah. He got a good hit. How about L-way? Remember L-way got locked and knocked the silly about three times last year. And all these other guys getting concussions and the acumen member. Acumen got concussion twice last year. What's going to happen if Danny starts taking a few real hits man. He's a great quarterback. But you just can't stand back there all alone all day. You got to be able to well, a problem with Danny is he's just not mobile man. And he's a problem. At least a defense holding off. The defense played great. The offense. The offense pretty shaky. You know, they don't know. No one in game. They just couldn't. Don't forget. You know, that's for heavyweight. Yeah. What are they going to get the ass kick real good? Yeah. November 20. That's 49er game. They're going to get the. The definitely get the ass kick. They're scary, man. It's really the prospect of it is scary. I'm going to say, pedal off or something. Yeah. Okay, pal. I'm going to say that. See you. To open lines in dates. 751 to in Broward 524 to 1. Green lines. 18944. I think we'll have to call Tom Velvita and Tampa and put him on here and find out the real story on passion bone, which has been off the year for three weeks and a plus two days, I guess counting this week. Off the year in Tampa, cancelled audio. She's a ghost. Well, I don't understand it. Dick had told me she was going to be the hottest things in sliced halivable. She was just going to set the country on its ass and on its rear and on its up and down and in and out and the back and forth. And maybe too many snowballs over there. You know, they're not used to so much snow in Tampa. Maybe too many red wings. Here's a mobile in summarize. Hello. Yes. Hi. Glad you brought this up. Two things first of all. I love my dolphin. Got to take the ups with the downs and upset. Secondly. What does that mean? Well, what does it mean? Well, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I'd like to avoid me take the ups with the downs. What was that? Like we're having a good time this year. We did it for the last five years, so there's been enough to do. There's nothing wrong with being three and a half. Oh, but I do remember a couple years ago, wasn't it two or is a three years ago when it got off to that great start? And all they needed is, and then they didn't even make the play off. Well, he was on a ride. I think they lost five out of six straight. And got out of the San Diego game and a jet's game. And they needed to win one or the last two games. And they blew them both. Remember that? That's the only hope you got. I am a single parent living in the heart of Western elementary school Broward and I am voting no 100 times over. Sick and frigantire of everybody telling me how great it's going to be like they did with the lottery. They did with everything else. I do not want to see. I mean, there's enough money in the budget for them to do it if they want to do it right. I don't get a knife. I overspend my money. I don't get to say, okay, somebody help me out. Give me some more. It doesn't work that way. And it doesn't work that way with Broward. And I encourage everybody out here not to fall into this trap. All right. It's ridiculous. They're going to squander this as badly. I mean, if somebody comes up to you and borrows $5,000 from you, you have to be prepared not to get that money back because if they need that money now, what makes you think they're going to have it to pay you back later. Right. Like Stan Major for example. I'm doing it by two grand. Good example. But no, no 100 times no get out there and tell them enough. Okay, pal. Early and often two open lines in dates. 751 Wiod to in Broward. 524. We're off to kind of a casual start there this morning. I thought we were going to have like lots of calls. Not even give out to phone numbers. I thought we kind of like, you know, start getting back in the swing of doing a real goddamn show here today. Guess what? Surprise. No chance. 751 Wiod in date. 524 Wiod in Broward. Two on a green lines. 1 800. By the way, the FBI is investigating Calvin Klein just in case you missed that. 1051 a Wiod D. These phones man are deader than a goddamn tornado. Wiod. Neal? Yes. You picked me up screenless. Yes. What's been happening, Neil? What does that mean? I don't know. What's been happening? Long time no hear. Why not? Because I have to work for a living. Neil, they only hear you. Yeah. There's nothing happening. Absolutely nothing. Same old crap man. Yeah. Same stuff different day. Yeah. What about the football game? You watched the football game? Yeah. And? Are you listening to the show or what? Neil, I told you. I can't listen to the show. What do you call him? So what are you calling for? You don't know. What? Well, we don't miss you. Okay, get out of our lives. Wiod. Neil. Yes, sir. You have to vote yesterday. For what? For the tax? Yesterday? I thought it was today. Today. Yesterday? So how did it come out? Did it pass or lose? It should win. Based on what? Based on what? Because it's a need. It only jerks the thing. Well, wait a minute. Because it's a need. That's a great answer. It's a need. That's right. Let me tell you something right now. Oh, this guy don't want to have a conversation at all. He don't want to have any conversation. It's a need. And you know why he doesn't want to have a conversation. Because he has no facts. He's got no information. He can't back it up with anything substantive except it's a need. Which ain't even a good cliche. There's a lot of need as in good education. His guy damn country and guess what? They don't know how to do it. And you control all the money. And it's just like welfare. It's the same guy damn thing. You can keep throwing all the money at it you want. You know, the Republicans for once in your life, they came up with a really good idea. And that well form welfare reform package about all these guy damn welfare women. And about cutting off their benefits if they have another guy damn kid while they're on welfare. Well, guess what? My bleeding heart liberal friend said, oh, that's a bad idea. You can't punish these women just because they're making all these guy damn babies that they can't take care of. That are going out on the streets and becoming lifetime criminals. You can't do that because welfare is a way of life in America. It's the same thing with education, baby. It sucks. It blows. It's pathetic. Just like that letter from that facts from that 24 year old graduate from the University of Gatorland. Man, and the same thing that you will have been almost every guy damn institute. And we're talking college, baby. We're talking graduates. We're talking about somebody who somehow got a degree. And you're talking to me about education as country. Nobody reads a goddamn book except the women reading those stupid, the silly romance novels. That's what it's all about. Or reading about Lardass Limbaugh or Newt Gingrich or whatever right wing piece of turtis, latest number one on the best cellar list. That's what America's into. It's amazing. It's frightening. And it's guy. Well, it's a need. Yeah, we got a lot of needs, baby. But just taxing a goddamn public over and over again and pretending that the money is going to go where it belongs. And we got to improve quality of education. Don't sell me that because we know better. We've been especially in Florida. Florida should be called the No Can Do State. You picked the topic no matter what it is. We can't do it. About the only thing we can't. We screwed up everything here except the sunshine. And if we ever figure out a way to do that, trust me. We'll be right on top of it. That's what we can do. Miami Beach. Hello. Hey, Newt Gingrich. Listen, June 13th. You came on a Monday with the book. I went out that night and I got it in the book too. Yeah. And so that's been a little over three months. Is that the day that I started this thing in June? You started. You came on the year June 13th. You said I was in sawgrass mills on the Saturday or Sunday. And you saw the book, remember? Right. That was yep. Back in June. And it's been three months. Twenty solid pounds. Oh. So how come it's taking you so long to call and kiss my ass? I don't understand it. I don't get it. I have a cap called before. I've been given you probably. I would never have an open line. Everyone is sure if the people are doing so grand. And these people let's say, well, this is boring. We don't want to hear about scroll them. Okay. They got nothing to say. Last guy. It's a need. Well, the last two guys are real jerk. So I can't listen to you at work. So I'm going to grow up. Yeah. He doesn't even know what we're talking about. But he's just going to interrupt and call in the middle of the show. Did I see the game. Even though I've been talking about it for 20 minutes. Looks like I was five report from last week. You know, you're running tapes all last week. I know. The same ones over and over. Yeah. Right. Well, in addition to the one that they messed up, it seems that they're trying to squeeze more spots. And there were a couple of times I think on Monday, Tuesday, where instead of your normal voice, it was like, okay. Yeah. Well, it's a nice day. You know, they were speeding you up. They were speeding it up. I mean, I know the tone of your voice. And it sounded like digitally. They were just speeding up a little bit. They were speeding it up. Yeah. Well, that's what we're going to have to do from now. We're going to have to talk a lot faster because we got to get all these spots. And don't you understand? It's a awesome spot radio. Thank you all. Okay. Keep that the good work. Bye-bye. It's Mickey Mouse radio boys and girls. We have an open line of dates. 751 Wild. We have two in Broward. God damn it. 524 Wild. What the flick is wrong with you people? It's Broward. 5249463 at Broward. I want to see some goddamn action from all due geriatric farts in Broward. Okay. Audio fossils up there. Anybody who doesn't believe in evolution just take a look in Broward County. We got more fossils per square inch than they do in God damn Australia. Here's Miami on a purple line. Hello. Hello, New York. Open line on a purple line. Pound IOD. Here's the lady in Kendall. Hello. Morning. I need to surprise you something that I haven't heard any of your your colors tell you about. There's there's also something else going on while they're voting on this one one cent sales tax. Yeah. The American Family Association is doing. And I tell you about it. About what? Okay. They're out at the polls and you know they need to get 46,000 signal. We had to repeal the gay rights or it's right. Yeah. There's a group of people out there with signs that say decline to sign. They're just going to stand there very, very nicely and very peacefully. And so when the American Family Association goes up to the voters exiting the polls and telling them to vote against this. Broward Commission. Or doing. Yeah. That people will just say, I'm sorry. I declined to sign because you know that this is not a homosexual issue. This is a red herring issue. This is a. We have the Whitman the American Family Association. The whole reason for their existence is pure homophobia. Exactly. If you ever read any of their literature. That's all they talk about. But they use it to to they use it as an opening to eventually restrict everyone's civil liberties. Of course. So I'd say the voters of Broward is when the American Family Association comes up to you. Remember democracy. Remember that you are also a part of civil liberties and just decline to sign. Sorry to interject a serious note, Neil. No, that's okay. We're fighting for our lives here. We are the American Family Association. The American Family Association is a part of civil liberties. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. We are the American Family Association. I am 75 years old. I want to tell you something. I was interviewed by a hero, a reporter. He is a Hollywood mall. For what? I thought about changing the signs to read bigger and wider traffic strips and so forth. Changing what signs to read bigger. Changing what signs? Anyway, I am getting to the point. No, not changing what signs. I mentioned it in my hero. It is a biological. Changing what signs? The traffic signs. What traffic signs? You got me there. I am using me for asking a stupid question. I am doing something. I am doing something. I am living down here. But one glaring. I am not one of the old buddy studies. 75 years old. I want to bring something up. It was not mentioned in the paper. What is that? I said I am 75 years old. Why do you keep saying that? That is the oil. I am leaving the signs bigger. That is what I was getting. How about if they make the signs in Brielle? When you are driving down 95, you can reach out and touch somebody. That is a good idea. I am driving because I got this message. Why are you telling me all of this? I am not going to get an opportunity. I am not just getting a point. I think that I have tried for drivers license. I have got six years of driving an enemy. I gave up driving a year ago. Why do you do that? If they are not blind, they are all stoned out of their minds. They are saying what their business is. Go out there and have a good time. We have an open line. Jesus, thanks George. Open line in date 751, one in Broward, five two four. I am blind. I got a driver's license for the next 500 years because it is the state of Florida. Like these old women who are getting renewals of their drivers licenses in the mail. They are like 82 and 85 and 95 years old. And they are getting six year renewals in the mail. They do not even have to go down for an eye test for an ear test for a bowel movement test. For any kind of a guy named for an enemy bag test. They are getting renewals because this is the state of Florida. And if you believe that by giving them more of your sales tax money that they are going to improve the quality of education or any other quality of life in this day. Just take a look at the construction on the roads man. Just take a look. They start a project January of this year. If we are lucky by the year 2000, they might get done with it. How they do it down there? I am kind of driving on sunset. How they do it up there? How do they do it up here on the road? They have to go down there and work on it for the next 10 years. How are they doing it on anything? They can't get it done. They can't do it. Just like that really need turnpike toll increase. Let's get those bumper stickers out of there. That truck might have campaign. That was it. Here is the lady mobile in North Miami Beach. Hello. Yes, ma'am. You are very obnoxious. Yeah. And loud. And they are very ignorant. Sorry. I'm so far you're listening. Because you're stupid. Listen to what I like laughing at you. And after age, I think I'm smarter than you are. Yeah, based on what? What is it that you know that I don't? It's nice to answer to the you are. Am I going too fast for you? Click. There she goes. Stupid bitch. What a stupid smelly bitch. But you're probably right honey. You're a hell of a lot smarter than I am. And you're a real freaking genius. And what time is your show on? That fucking bitch. Exactly. Open line and Broward 5249463 524Wild. Sunrise on a purple line. Hello. Good morning, Neil. When is this? I think you got a great show here. I think I could listen to you more often. I don't know. I'm stupid. And I'm ignorant. She knows a lot. She knows her crap. Yeah. She had nothing to say. True. But I only get to listen to two days a week. I worked the graveyard. She said, listen to my days off. The rest of the days I'm sleeping. Yeah. I've got to thank you. I think you are a life saver. I've only been on the diet for two weeks. I've been I suffer from degenerative arthritis in both knees for two years. Stop. Stop. I don't want to hear about any more diseases. Okay. We got the old guy with his macular generaestic. He's blind as a bed. You got two bed. Our Thritic legs. Stop. Okay. Go ahead. But for that. I don't want to stop you. But stop it. Okay. But I've just been saying that because of that. I have not been able to exercise. And it's sort of like a double inch sword. Yeah. I've got a good appetite because I can't exercise. I can't lose the weight. And I've been on every diet going. I'm on it for about a week. And then give up because I'm starved. This diet's great. I've lost 14 pounds and 14 days now. And I'm going to stick with it. Great. And again, your life saver. Thanks a lot. Okay. Keep it up. And don't tell us any more about your arthritis. Okay. Have a good day. Oh, man. Let's hear from everybody who's got to discuss things. Oh, let's hear it. Come on. We want to see it. You know what I'm talking about. Right. I mean, like one toe goes to the left and the other one goes to the right. And one of them goes straight up in the air. Let's hear. Let's see some pictures of that. Come on. We're going to get a 90 share with that. Open line on the purple line. Pondiodi picking up in Pondidits. A free call. We pay for it. It's the AT&T wireless. Maybe whatever that means. 16 and W. ID that was that was Aaron. Who made that call? Who calls bad? That f***ing bitch. I thought I recognize the voice. Here's a mobile and four-lighter. long on here's the son of that mobile we're getting to the next we skipped all or rejoins everything just so we can get to your right away because you're calling your time and you crap out what a jackass man what a mother here's the homestead hello hey meal yes sir how you doing okay listen I just wanted to let you know I thought third time a thank you for the act and but yeah I heard you crying you know don't know wait a minute but but don't you understand there are thousands and thousands of people out there I don't want I'm not that I don't appreciate it I want to say people calling every two days tell me they lost another three ounces man I know what I'm saying yeah these miserable pastures all they do is take their just take as they drain a blood out of you yeah like squeezing a sponge but anyway I wanted to you talking about bottom round you know that stuff you buy yeah we've been using that but thirty five years yeah we just could have done what I'll make your bottom round I'll tell you that right now I said will make your bottom round listen to you said it is paper this the just box where they have the you know you were redneck if yeah if you're family treat doesn't split yeah oh that guy just sends me yeah but anyway he's got a contest he wants to know you know you're in South Florida if can you imagine a good comedy right away to get you for that oh yeah oh I can write about five hundred of those okay well good very life bye bye two open though I mean one open something open open line in date seven five one so the six bitches off the year in Tampa okay how come we're not getting any calls about that I remember back in the beginning when she was on the first few months we had a a pulple reaid a mess of call about that show mostly in protest people are psychotic about that show and of course in the meantime they've all allegedly stopped listening you're not kidding me every time she talks about snowballing every sheet time she talks about earning your red wings you guys are out there with your finger up each other's ass who the hell are you kidding I up your own here is the Orlando hello yeah Neil how you doing man how's everything great oh that's sex bitch and Tampa man she blew let me tell you I think she was on not yeah she blew Tampa but I think he was on like Ron and Ron's uh... hooters or something like that or Bob Lassard or Hooter but anyway Neil what does that mean oh I don't know listen that blind driver telling the put the pedal to this right here we end up not just bitch take quick take her with them okay okay listen to the side of the dial tone let's go to candle hello Neil yes sir i was listening earlier about the lady talking about the votes and the family coalition yeah i gotta say that i i really have to uh... say that that these people on his special rights i'm tired of everyone saying that this person gets these rights that nobody wants special rights people just don't want to be discriminated against you and discriminated against people is that what you want i don't want people to get this question you live in broad county yes you do how come you're calling in date you don't even live in broad do you if i do vote in broad i'm down here going to school where do you live i live in broad where and forward and where yeah do you see what i'm saying another phony and other little homophobic right there these people don't need special rights let me say this to you okay one way or the other you can't vote on whether people have rights or not and that's why the biggest problems with this country and of course when a past the civil rights laws they didn't say okay all you people in Alabama and Mississippi and Florida and Louisiana and all these other red next states let's go out and put it to a vote and see whether we want to give rights to black people okay you can't let the public vote on whether people can be discriminated against or not that's up to the government is to protect the public from discrimination but of course they don't because homophobic and i was a way of life that's part of the good Christian right now that's one of the main planks in their thing and their as is homophobic man if you can't find a scapegoat just like Hitler found out you can't get very far but when you find some good scapegoats when you build up some real good hate then you really make some progress then they'll elect your ass and the rest of you too here's pompano hello yeah how are you okay sir are you ready to come back to your vacation oh god you have no idea hey pretty soon uh actually you know what my problem is i go away on vacation i have a great time just about every time i come back and oh i rest for a couple of days and and i i somehow i dilute myself into believing that it's going to be different why is it going to be different it's never going to be any different here never this town's never going to change these people are going to change i drive to work in a morning i get to date county i look around every ninety nine percent of the people in every car a bunch of geeks they're geeks it's terminal meal that pretty soon actually we can have this isn't going to matter anymore and the hotty starts again that's right that's what i said yesterday thank god for that panthers got shut out two nothing by the alters last night uh oh that's not a good sign but they want six to five that i'd be for that so you'll feel better about that this is true hey but now we're going to leave speed out of a four to two last night oh now we're going to be able to see some real teams play hockey this year too try on our right that's right we don't have this short and season where we just play our own uh uh conference that's right good point better look on people to see right all right now okay thank you see yeah that's right better looking people to see we'll have pavel burry and uh uh uh alachandra magilini with their matching hairdo scott are they look are they looking strange or what i'm telling you there's the dark horse team right there is van couvre boy they're going to be uh they're going to be tough as nails this year the van those damn connucks oh we got to do another one of it cheeses you know if this is this is just uh i'm cutting every corner right now how you know what i'm saying i'm cutting them i'm chopping them oh sorry about that i'm a rich girl and i've gone too far but you know it doesn't matter anyway i can rely on the old man's money jay how it's dead and now it's my money i'm a rich girl because i stole it from his kids but you know it doesn't matter anyway everybody hates me and i don't care because i'm a milionaire okay i love it 25 and WID can we come up with something at the end of the closteers to stick in there some uh horrendous sound or what do you want to use like a fart sound effect what do i want to use how about a guy damn hbom would be good how about a good fire man a good bonfire for this place man would epi just what the doctor ordered or what open line and d yeah that's good 751 Wild 2 and Browered 524 Wild uh uh Jesus Adam from excitement is our only call and Browered that's pretty sad hi how you doing how are you okay listen um i just uh want to say i was like down up in uh camp about a month ago yeah and they were uh voting on the gay rights uh ordinance bill there yeah which of course didn't pass and uh they basically were voting on their god given rat to uh to discriminate against people of other sexual preferences right and uh they would have people people would get up and say that gay people were responsible for every problem in America today was responsible because of gay people and they it was pretty pathetic it was bad well what do you expect over there how do you expect in Tampa Florida for Christ sakes so i want to know as pickers just figured i call and share i guess you know doing it with your uh with your pig and your sheep that's okay but to do know with all the human being that's a problem marrying your cousins are right too there you go anyway i'm taking uh George to a party on the 30th uh can i plug it well what is this i'm kind of a uh under the table deal now you're taking George to a party and he told you get a free plug on a years like it's not about no he just like those uh Sunday uh lunches he was having with al goldstein and fat rich for a while there is that what this is like no he didn't tell me anything of the sort i just figured i'd ask you well what is it uh tell us centerfold that's going to be lots of free drinks and free party and all sorts of stuff oh i bet you the pedials show up for that absolutely it's the 30th it's going to get a drink come on come on is there a little drink a straw all that stuff here that's not worry about it's just going to have a drink there you go yeah so where is it what is it it's a palace centerfold there's a seven ring yeah at uh three o'clock it's for your clock when at palace centerfold on the 30th of September yes we're in the hell is that uh it's down in uh home state it's down there there's a go get drunk yeah okay yeah home state okay see yeah see yeah fine home state that's just like Tampa we have an open line in date seven five one and home state parina in a range of man you talk about no speakers woo holy Toledo baby as Rick weaver would say and by the way speaking of Rick weaver my god this bill is in for what are we going to do about this guy he he is just so lackluster you know on the one hand he got him which he sounds like he's coming out of a computer and other and he got made it yes yes I right oh god it's dynamite here's Delray Beach hello Neil hey you know I'm okay sir welcome back yeah sure that was vacate great I wanted you a little bit of light on the caller called a while ago and you weren't understanding what you're talking about this time so 75 year old guy that was blind it was driving to work right now yeah yeah I read something in the paper a while back that this is walking along our last year is a governor his answer to the seniors on the road was just to make the signs bigger so they can see him and make the lines in a road bigger there you go that's right now we don't care what got to and I'll take another thing all these people I can't speak English that are out there driving around and can't read the traffic signs yeah let's just put them up there in 45 languages here but he's afraid to lose a voter too you know yeah he makes me sick man he makes me nauseous I know so what do you think about the offensively I thought they played a pretty marginal game offensively their defense played kick-ass football but their offense was very marginal and he should thank Mike Tomzack they should thank go dial for being in your own issue it's right and they should kiss the ground that they won that game they you know I mean the score would look like one thing but they didn't really play all that well it took 17 of the points on turnovers yeah 17 points on turnovers I got a kick out of coach brains them on the sideline he looked like he was looking out on the field you know bottom of the night waiting for double play I don't think he's got a clue man did you see after marino took that pop and they had to take him out of the game and put in coacher did you see he was sweating up a storm and he looked like he had just seen the ghost of Christmas past good god I'm telling you we need JJ in there bad there you go all right enjoy okay pal have a great day two open line in the green line 1-800-9-4-4-9-463 where are these meetings going on does mid-between know where these so we don't know either a client destiny is at some kind of a secret what bar are these big us strategic meetings going on yesterday and today and tomorrow again this company piece away more money in one month on kaka on meetings in crap and bureaucratic garbage then most of you people ever seen your lifetime if you live to be 200 that's the saddest part of it but god forbid if we ever need a new car machine in here if we need a piece of equipment that might work well it's not in a budget okay we can't afford it in addition which we're going to be moving in about three years so you know we're going to be moving next summer how can you look people in the face and tell I'm such a bald face god damn lie the chances of us being in that building next summer are the same as the sisters coming in here give me a check for two billion dollars in cash right now and you know you know what I say that's how much chance there is everybody in the building knows it but of course we want to go around and pretend so people feel better about having to drive into the sewer this toilet of a pit that the station is located in right now every god damn day back in fourth driving just fighting off the geeks in those little brown toy odors in those little beat up pieces of crap with no license plate with no goddamn tires with no brakes with no headlights with no tail lights with no signals with no driver I'm going to tell you something we'd be ahead of the game if those cars were moving in there was no driver we'd still be better off here's a highly a hello hey the same hello let's meet again that's you sounds just like you first time call a long time list okay went to thank you bad put me on the atkins right now we're starting to get a few of these best results out of the woodwork actually no I had facture a couple times earlier in the summer but never heard anything back I know you must get a ton of those now we don't get them at all like our mail well I don't know that that part and like our phone messages which we never get anyhow 35 pounds and eight weeks oh well that's fantastic and try glistriser come down a good 20% cholesterol is coming down the hallway I'm on it with a buddy we're doing in the buddy system yeah you're doing your buddy no yeah but he's doing the diet as well right yeah I just wanted to thank you for that great and I had another thing and you know something the most important part of these people were hearing from last couple of days and the facts I had yesterday in my own experience instead of all this all this gloom and doom about all the blood lipids are gonna go away up because you're eating all this meat and all this eggs and cheese and your cholesterol and triglycerides are gonna go souring and you're gonna get sick everybody's is coming down yeah it's coming down it's a lot of BS they really don't know what they haven't got a clue when they talked about what people were eating when they were coming up evolutionary they were eating meat and things like that that's right and for the most part that's you know the way it doesn't think about the panther's training greensboro I have a buddy that lives up there yeah none of the people up there have any idea that they're training in greensboro in the Colosseum and it's a real nice facility up there so I tried to send them out there but like they're not getting any press the only press I saw was the people trying to teach the number one draft they've had a talking with and without much success right they did that stupid grin on his face yeah but with all that money I guess it's a must be to money baby must be to money and last but not least yes I heard you I know you don't like the computer is all that kind of stuff no I have a computer it's not that I don't like them I just don't like these computer nerds they all look the same they're all about 18 19 years old they got the little silly a wire rim glasses on they look like nerds they're whole life is sitting there in front of that stupid screen well I saw my whole life but I saw it today some kind of on the machine about WILD having a homepage on the web and I know if you knew anything about you need those somebody that's one of Davy Gravy lines boyfriends so put all that stuff on air and at least it's a little publicity it's more than we get from the management oh I didn't know who is sponsored by the station are you kidding me oh well no it's just I'm lost about there that's doing a thing for us because he likes us oh okay you don't think this place would ever lift a finger we got we're too busy with a promotion department where we got a silly bitch in here running around a building telling everybody off that's her job yeah that's her job is gonna be buddy off and she's doing a great job of it I just wanted to thank you very much for all your stuff well keep up the great work pal and I call someone a juice fan yes Larry Libner you're a flame induced bag mostly flaming okay thank you buddy yeah two open lines are both in date 7519 463 751 WILD it's just amazing what's going on around this place but you know something you can't avoid any vaid forever you know you just can't avoid the obvious confrontations forever and if I had some people working with me here who weren't such a bunch of damn pussy's like that Phil Henry I thought Rick Riley you know something Rick Riley is growing a little pair not big but they're getting bigger every day maybe since they took the gallbladder out it'll relieve the pressure and the lower abdomen it'll leave room for like a little bigger pair but Phil Henry as great as he is and believe me there's no bigger fan in his building of Phil Henry than yours truly but this guy is a pussy do you know how many spots this guy had on his show yesterday this guy had one endorsement spot in four hours one spot and I hear him saying you know making a joke out of a when he quit smoking and he's gonna be in a salesman's pussy isn't it I mean you know the bottom line is whether he needs the cash or not the fact is this is one of the great talents in radio in America and he's people here don't even know his name okay plus the fact that they're screwing up all two today all right we're really an hour picking it up Phil you can come and Phil are you positive we just check double check all I think one just got scratched but man and other sticking that second spot in the headlines at the bottom of the yard it's getting to the point where Margaret A. even gonna be able to tell you she's from bail harbour anymore but hey we're just here to move us be to money we're the deon Sanders of radio pal just squeeze it in there squeeze it out of us man plenty till noon a wildy let's all put our hands together and give Jesus a hand okay he needs a hand he's kind of tied up at the moment we have an open line in date 75 one we got one on a green line 1-800-9-44-9-463 yeah so that was Aaron Summers girlfriend that called in before and was uh had to radio up into back and couldn't have a conversation about it and couldn't put like five coherent sentences together nice go and sweet heart I hope you have it a great day honey cross brings out a purple line hello hey Neil yes sir it's Mark I'm actually working in Kendall but I live in cross brings uh I just wanted to say well I was a way uh what excuse me while you were away I was also way I visited key west for the first time with my wife for our 10 year anniversary and had a great time really yeah I'd like to just thank everyone in key west they really made it for what they really showed us a very hospitable time they showed it to you well not much it was really nice we had a great time so great I'm happy for you yeah secondly I also voted today and I did vote yes for the school any tax uh referendum uh no comment what do you want me to comment you already voted okay um my just told you that's all I can tell you you're easy well I have three kids and I hope it gets them out of the portables and maybe we can get some real classrooms for yeah sure okay uh I got news for you know I hate to break the news to all these people out there but if they think their kids are gonna get a quality education anywhere in a state of Florida I mean uh good luck no I that's not even say that I said out of portables and into a regular classroom okay okay uh third thing I don't know if you follow the red socks that they're down to two games to win two games to cleanse yeah okay I just uh hope there's any angels by the way lost again last night for nothing they couldn't beat a girls little league team man they couldn't hit their way out of a paper sack they're 10 and a half game lead in the middle of August is now two games see Atlas gonna go past them like they're standing still and I wouldn't be surprised they didn't even make the wild card definitely yeah this is one of the great choke jobs in the history of sports red socks are giving them a run but Seattle's gonna catch California that's for sure the red socks are gonna give you a run they're giving the angel a run for choke and they're uh they should have cleaned all the red socks don't worry about that all right I hope the only thing you're gonna have to worry is when they play the Indians then you got to worry big time uh why do you think a new England hasn't been able to uh get those touchdowns through the air he's a hot a me I got no idea except for the fact that other than brisbee they got rid of all their good receivers from last year that just makes a little bit of a different although uh he wasn't throwing the ball at well anyway he just uh I don't know what the story is maybe too much money for Drew maybe he injured himself signing that big contract he might injured his throwing arm but uh I don't know what the story is maybe it's that sophomore jinx maybe this is gonna be the off year next year he'll come back maybe maybe it's got a fractured you know fractured left shoulder you know no I know we all he's a tough guy I mean separate separated left shoulder next week is the buy for the uh Miami in the England so he's got a week off they say he'll be back for the game after that but the good luck to him you can't score they got this that's the strangest part everybody assumed that their offense would be kick ass like last year and the defense was their week point their defenses play in pretty damn good especially against the 49ers in their offense is the impudent definitely first half they look great against the 49ers they really did yeah their defense was phenomenal and if they could just stuck the ball in there a couple of times would have been a totally different ball game right I hate to say it but I am a giant fan as well and well boy you need some serious help oh man for the stake of the year this kid Dave Brown I feel so sorry he is so out of place and he's on such a crappy team and it's just it's sad it's like watching you know this year I think more so than in any year uh in recent years the uh disparity in league there's supposed to be going for parity with his salary capages a joke not happening but but you know for example in the AFC is there any team in the AFC that could give the dolphins a run right now I don't think so no no not even close no one and there's only your only in the NFC you got Dallas in the San Francisco is there anybody else close to them not for against an NFC team no but AFC you got a couple I think Minnesota played 49ers pretty well and they could probably handle the dolphins a good game but Dallas in the 149 and blow everybody away yeah all right he's usher in the end is a a garse smoking air conditioning fix in douche pat okay pal thank you buddy see yeah by the way speaking of which I'm glad he reminded me Jerry Jones and why the story is buried maybe because it came out kind of late yesterday but on a last page of the sports in the Sun Sentinel page 12C and they headed on if you were watching the football game last night they headed on repeatedly with Brent Mouse burger but this guy named Jerry Jones who's like the Georgetown Brenner football I mean where do these guys come from with their big money who think that they're gonna buy everything and they're gonna do their own thing and they're gonna run their own rules this guy wasn't bad enough to give the on Sanders all that money so he gets sneak his way around the salary cap you know this guy wants to make up his own rules as he goes along I think when they have that meeting which they're having right now as I understand this morning with the owners I think there's gonna be like shaking shandleers in the room and it's gonna be like in godfather three remember that meeting they had with the heads of the five families I think Jerry Jones is gonna get hit is what I think the NFL is suing him for three hundred million dollars the league you know they got they got this cooperative thing they you know the owners finally got together many years ago they decided if the small market teams like Green Bay and Cincinnati if they had a chance to make it they had a share in the spoils they want to wet their beak a little bit like in a godfather let us you know share the water from the well but not Jerry Jones the league's got to deal with coke he makes a separate deal with Pepsi the league's got to deal with the re-bocker where it is he makes a separate deal with Nike the league's got to deal with visa he's on a verge he's gonna make a deal with American Express and this guy just thinks he's gonna run his own god damn league this son of a bitch I hope they tattoo his ass from here till the end of time and I really apologize all you cowboy fans out there I mean you know they're okay they're not as good as you think they are they're all right they're not as that's not as watching a cowboy isn't like it used to be man with Tom Landrieb was there oh when Roger stopped back and then Danny White those with the days when they really were America's team that was the excitement man on a Sunday afternoon and that four clock game Pat Summer all in John Madden on CBS the Dallas Cowboys against it didn't make any difference that was exciting those were some great years but it's really sad that you got to have a horse crap owner like Jerry Jones because you know they don't need the on Sanders that's the best part I don't care how many injuries they got they don't need the on Sanders and even with the on Sanders if he ever decides he's gonna be able to play after resurgery in his baseball uh they're still not gonna be the 49ers no no matter what it just ain't gonna happen but these guys that come along and like I said yesterday if you had any doubts a lot of people at ambivalent feelings when the strikes were going on as the problem with the owners is that the players and the player union the owners nobody is holding a gun to their head and make it him pay all this money and do all these devious things to get around the salary cap they set up a process by which they were supposed to stop all of this having a rich past is buying up all the championships and now what do they do while I get around it by hooking by crook mostly by crook Jerry Jones you make me sick 1147 a Wild let me tell you about low jack again the stolen recovery system and share another amazing recovery report with you Kimberly is a travel professional from Florida a recently bought a use 92 Plymouth Sundance already equipped with low jack but guess well Kimberly being little on the stupid side she didn't know there was one in there one evening after work her heart almost stopped it uh just started pitter pattering and her heart too she found her card been taken from the parking lot beside the building where she works but low jack the stolen vehicle recovery system was protecting that car when Kimberly reported the theft to police the low jack and her car was automatically activated sending out that usual low jack silent but deadly and very effective signal police followed the Sundance in their cruisers equipped with low jack tracking computers and she was thrilled to pieces man she got out of pocket rocket when they got that car back let's face it if professional thieves if that kind of wants to get your car he knows how to get it out of there okay he's gonna get away with it so the real answer the real protection need is quick recovery and when you buy low jack right now they'll give you a free alarm system with your low jack system too so get the low down low jack from your new or use car dealer when you go out and buy a car or if you'd think it's a pretty good idea to get it in the car you're driving right now which you most certainly is call Elaine and Shola help straighten your ass out call 1-800-53 low jack 1-800-535-65-22 oh yeah okay 1151 a WIOD I like that a lot better here's Haley hello Neil how you doing okay I'm a first time caller and I'd like to congratulate you on such a good show and I'd like to comment on that lady that called that told you uh you're a fraction I'm a dumb ass that's right yeah I'd like to tell her that she's a stupid bitch that he is and I hope she's so listening oh she is she's sitting on a right now she's hopping on the she's jumping up and down right the car she's hopping on the joystick she's a fake she's a fake claims that she don't like and she's really listening you know anybody that calls her radio show and waits on hold for like 20 minutes a half hour 45 minutes so they can get on and tell the host how stupid he is now they don't like to show that person is full of crap okay okay she's getting sexual arousal from the show even admitted that she enjoys in a perverse way she's loving it yeah she's really actually he's probably the only god damn stimulation she gets I would be surprised she's got their radio deep between her legs right now oh god she's sitting on alright Neil keep up the good work okay pal alright that's real day lines all open all three dead anybody speaking motion date come on you can do it 751 huh I'm going too fast 751 noveye quattro say stress 9463 751 wido a little bit slow today it's you know the same old aggravation all over again we got a million different things going on we got the Christian coalition money the country we got the god damn FBI sue and Calvin Klein we got FBI sharp shooters who just won't testify they're taking the fifth amendment we got Mark Furman taking a fifth then we got the program director drinking a fifth that's what's going on and you people you just sit back there in your letter G and we're gonna go out there and vote that's right we're gonna vote and impose another sale penny sales tax on us because we know we're gonna get those kids out of those portable classrooms get into a real building and then still get the same crappy education that they've always been getting because this is Florida Florida which by the way year after year we're like number 46 or number 47 and spending for education isn't that great but the only state that we beat out every year is Louisiana where the dumbest people on the face of the earth it's Louisiana that's where why do you think they call it Louisiana how's by you baby here's a bokeh hello uncle Neo yes Neo I just want to tell you first of all welcome back oh thanks I think next to Dick Burton you are the the most incredible genius and radio today next to Dick Burton I'll have to tell him that next time he calls what is he on the other line with you now oh I was just up at Detroit last week and I was up there and I was thinking myself it's a pit but nothing compares to the toilet that is South Florida yeah you'll be gonna be right what's that even Detroit even Detroit the at least up there there's a sense of community with the crime yeah that's true that's a good point we're trying to escape from this this hellhole called Miami now and the problem is where the hell do you go I don't want to be one of these old crony's that call y'all the time saying how great New York it's been the blah I don't have a condo I'm a great city but nobody can afford to live there when I was Boston you see Massachusetts got the sales tax and the thumb tax and the and the city tax and they got more taxes than you can shake your thing it's truly what we're thinking about is maybe Arizona New Mexico oh no hey we're hours from Vegas so you can't tell you let's say I got to go how about moving to Vegas we thought about that too I've just they got a real good engine system they got one of the best public education systems in America they were if you got kids thank God for us we don't now here's my recommendation for the penny sales tax which I know the idiots in Broward County are going to vote in today let's build some little prison camps for these pseudo gang punks that are running around doing all the crimes whose name is we'll never get printed in any of our scumbag newspapers down here because of the stupid state laws that save your under 18 yeah here at you might say if you're over the age of 12 you're no longer a juvenile and therefore your name should be published in the paper they should put in your picture they should like a smear you and front everybody else out there realize what a scumbag you are okay when somebody gets knife by somebody that's 13 or 14 some punk they're just as dead or just as sick as they were if they got snife by somebody 25 oh that's a ridiculous one you're right got to be taken off the book second thing in the slum Sentinel today again this inventory of more lady up in sunrise taking this kind of court saying that he's a ex husband when he's in fact not someone needs to shoot this bitch yeah that's all I got me can I tell you they're out there she's been watching too many denny boner douchebag shows have a great life and back to you she probably was watching Jenny Jones when at fag came on air and well I got shot oh my see what I'm telling you they can't tell the difference between reality and fantasy they just they American public they don't know they don't know it's on TV therefore what I'm watching it must be for real there must be something all these people decided to come on here in front of 20 million people and air out their big personal arguments their grievances they're coming out of the closet on the air they're talking about their sleeping with this one's grandmother on the air they're all doing it on the air right we believe that of course just like we believe O.J. is innocent here's a mobile in Miami hello hey how's it going Neil pretty good um yeah I'm a jackass on the move on the hunt up about 20 minutes go oh but I got what you're called back you're almost getting almost redeeming yourself well I try to hey about this tiny sale section open Palm Beach County we have uh these new schools that their buildings rapidly that they say cost less than their voucher to build but the roof leak like a sieve that nice i'd like to know that designer wasn't who the people are who investigated the builder to make sure that they were going to build a quality school I don't get it I just don't understand it I went to high school in a little town of 10,000 people can't end day when in New York at a school called cannendate woe academy and uh that school is no longer you know since then they built a new high school but but it was you know a big red brick building like most schools that used to see and it didn't the roof didn't leak and it was you know up there the weather in a winter time there was 85 feet of snow on a ground every day and the roof didn't cave in and it was a toasty warm in a winter time and it was cool in the summer time and uh there was no problem and that was 35 years ago that I graduated so how come we can't do that today? Well what a money is not the answer that's for sure um it's called no how it's called no I'll call no one how to do it in this state that I like I said before they don't know how they just can't do it the biggest problem might feel is a bureaucrat um in private industry if they had a job and they were supposed to hold a column before their their position they would lose their position but once they get into your eyes right that's it there's no accountability there's there's a line and uh right you know you're writing a what uh writing on a blank chat I must take a while there and pinch some uh broads ass in the office they're there for the rest of their life I'm that doesn't stop yeah have a good day okay pal two open lines in date 751 let's speak it in lace now before it's too late baby let's speak a couple of words 751 9463 in date here's Tamara hello can I express my opinion can you express your opinion yes of course about yourself about me you're finger on the dump button what does that mean I don't well what do you mean is my finger on the dump in other words you want to call on a show and take a shot at me and I'm gonna sit here with just to take abuse you think that's better than they pay me for no sir then why do your preference your call like that because I know that you don't know that usually allow callers to uh to take to take shots that's right I'm not here to take abuse oh I won't and I'm sorry then I'm sorry now go ahead I want to hear this this ought to be great well I was just gonna go ahead you listen to the show every day okay but I just wanted to call you a putt yeah and I just you can't do better than that putt is the putt is the most creative thing you can come up with no but you'll FCC doesn't allow what I can come up with based on what well the F word the F word no no I'm not talking about that based on my putt's based on what but according to you based on what see you got me I don't even ever respond no I want to mean you don't have a response I mean you formulated a subpoena you listen to the show every day which I find for flexing but unless maybe you may be like hearing a putt's on here which is great if you listen that's fine with me but based on what what is it that you don't like I must be saying or doing something you I think you remind me of me oh if you want to try and I think that explains it okay see a putt see finally we got a guide to a level with us okay there's a putt's I'm a putt I'll be the first one to admit I'm a putt's man we put up with more crap in this place and I'm gonna say it again I hope Phil is listening I hope he's driving right now man I love you Phil you're a great talent you're one of the very best ever and I mean that one of the greatest but you are such a pussy man how can you be I know it being in this business it's not too you know easy to have any feeling a security because this business is like you know being a used car salesman you're in you're out you're on your ass but if we could just like band together hearing it a little bit of God damn support and put our feet out of these God damn best to say what the hell you're doing to us that would be a step in a right erection Hey, no we got your contract right I just got to go get to your on WIOD by any Ford Latterdale I'll use talking entertainer 610 WIOD