She insists his bird road so just to dummy up. No one to one will be a big daddy's on bird road and five to six this afternoon Plan again 732 northeast under 25th Street North Miami That's your chance to register for the 610 WID Miller like Kick your way to the Super Bowl registration thing and the you know how that works You must be 21 years older a register and you might get your name you ain't that how about those pants there Oh right They are kicking ass and league bait too bad they're leaving. They are just kicking ass dog my client for president See now the colon pals out. Let's get somebody who shows some real leadership dog McLean for president. He's got my vote Is he an American citizen probably not? A at land of coast mortgages where you can go and you've been turned on for a lone elsewhere since 1982 a at land of coast mortgages help people get the cash they need for all my improvements and other purchases They can help you if you've got credit problems or income problems in fact a at land of coast mortgage Can get you financing regardless of your income? How do you like that? Call 1-800-28131-64 talk to Michael or art today 1-800-28131-64 the best part is there's never any application fee A at land of coast mortgages a licensed mortgage brokerage business that can get you a first or second mortgage at the lowest rates going out there They check daily with 50 lenders to find the best deal waitin for you So if you've been turned down when you needed money call a and land of coast mortgage today I think you're gonna be in for a pleasant surprise call 1-800-281-31-64 It's nose and the wind blows right through you they lost the world series they lost chasmic and now they've lost their football team Project trip number nine. I'm a steak by the late listen for this Sound And qualify for tragic trip number nine From news talk and entertainment radio 610 W I O D You let back all my hang gold very you know any football down Okay 1025 a W I D look at that phone there baby what's happening in Broward usual a Malaysian Broward this phone should be lit up every light on the board and then we should have people like standing online like taking a number today at the bakery What open line in date? 751 W I O D all a Broward look at that five two four nine four six three that I guess that shows where their Allegiance is our in Broward right? Here's a Hollywood on a purple line hello You sure welcome home. Yeah, I Rhinoc, is it gay? There's a rumor going around Wow anything Isn't it wild ago anywhere? I know you know, Phil was making a point that when a guy comes on the air and when he says to another man You know, what are you gonna think about that? I think Phil's got a good point there Rachel Hey, well That's how I went to big and that is like paradise. It is and then you come back here and you find out Please doesn't have a rhyme or reason they don't have a clue of what's going on Arrow yeah, and you should have seen you know, I get the we can back to Houston and the flight from Houston to four Loderdale if you could have seen the sea of blue here no matter where you're coming from the flight to four Loderdale We're like 80 people with walkers and canes crawling on your hands at the exactly that's what it's all about Oh my god We we just came back from San Francisco and went over to Lake Tahoe when we got back here Yeah back that we flew into Miami and The MGM grand which have been in there, you know, I was there the day it opened a couple years ago But I've never stayed there before the rooms are so fantastic They have so many elevators you never wait a little more than 15 seconds for an elevator even as big They got 5,000 rooms in that place the food is sensational There's like 80 million tables the sports book is gigantic they got 50 billion slot machine I mean that and the people in there are like almost all living and breathing millions of young people all people in between But they're all like you know happening people having a great time it's right now It's good because they they thought they're targeting young families but they're doing a lot with the That amusement park right there that's right family. That's really amazing amazing amazing This is jam pack, but I say what you're right They say they try to put people in the go down to the downtown 10 times odd Or get it that place I didn't I didn't see anybody caching anything in that joint and it's just real dingy and grungy and all the Regs of human that's terrible if you look at as as big as starting north Vegas and it worked to play down It looks like a big animal that pooped on its way down south Yeah, crap is left up there They should just go pull those all all I think that's up north I think that's north though Yeah, right north Vegas To work this way down from the old I mean you can see what was left like relics back there I mean downtown is what the yeah, yeah, yeah Well, what you win how much you win thousand dollars now? 1,500 but I was losing over a thousand up until Saturday And then I made a big comeback and won 500 my friend John won over a thousand so we had a good time Great well I'll light that way back. Thanks pal. Take out a great life To open on the purple line 18t wireless line pound I OG of one in the green line 1 800 944 What are we gonna do about this Rachel Alexander what are we gonna do about Brian Cox? What are we gonna do about John Schuillach I mean you can keep I know there's still six and four years a long way to go about those cowboy Oh God help us grow back that was unbelievable That was unbelievable You know I watched some of that yesterday when I got back and I'm looking at that and thinking what what is this all about well Eggman got hurt early in the game. Okay, that's a good excuse What was then all about Elvis Gerbach couldn't hit the wide side of a barn from two feet away with a guide-day and come quad I mean this guy is unbelievable And there up before you know it like 24 to zip and it was no contest no contest Also, I got to get a couple of spy reports. We got to find out about That tape that Randy tape that we played on Friday. Oh, you were here right and And what about it Was there any rhyme or reason for playing it? I mean was it entertaining was it It's okay and then about that smokers I don't even know what that show is that smokers thing that's on Sunday night, which there's a memo on the door there about all the response We got what what is that show? Did you hear any of it? No, so we'll get a spy report Maybe if anybody heard it. I doubt it. Here's a mobile and dear field. Oh, hey, they like you don't okay Just while letting you know we went to the hockey game with the police at the hockey game Friday night right Get a blast Friday night or Saturday night Very excited because proud of the year I see that's because Rick Riley was there Hey, we had a great time very action packed. I've got her hooked So we'll be going a lot more better go a lot when you can Yeah, we went to that also I just love Danny Danny can't win a game when he breaks the record I just got you He's the choke man. They're all excited about him breaking these individual records I think that most of the fans would gladly train all of his individual records for even like getting them Superbola again. We'll just get there to get killed. Yeah Anyways, I'm out of material now. Okay. Take care get a new phone open line of Broward 5249463 524Wild So the panthers really been kicking as they've won six in a row. They got the 26 26 points They're 13 and four they've got 26 points in the sad part of it is that they're on their way somewhere maybe the Nashville maybe do who knows where I was gonna say on their way to San Jose And I'm sure the fans there would gladly swap Because the sharks couldn't get arrested in the panny raid in for a lot of them But the bottom line is now with sports and I told you it's all over I hate to tell you that but it's all over Every day now you open up the paper about Adams is threatened to move his moving Houston in two years the oilers To Nashville and the astros are going to Nashville. Let's they have like five billion people are again next season And all of a sudden the crap and artmodels going to Baltimore and When a peg is moving out of the ejects are going to Minnesota maybe or not and the panthers are moving to Nashville or not and You know, it's musical teams now How about how you're gonna have any loyalty? Then this is a situation created by the owners and the players in the regions with all these big salaries and all of a sudden They got out of control. They were losing their eyes because of their own stupidity and we're supposed to suffer for it You think there's been a rebellion against sports this past you would mainly the baseball thing you just wait Man, you ain't see nothing yet you ain't seen nothing yet Here's a hot good name for a song. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. All right. I happen to listen to it Mocha last night wanting to listen to Dr. Demanto and I pay what it is. That's a name to show smoke this Yeah, really I thought that's what Brian said do a film Henry. So much. Yeah, smoke this well the reason why is it like it was all about the cigar crap You know who wants to hear that it's a show about cigars. Yeah, I mean I like smoking cigars, but I don't know what there is to hear about I mean they were talking about how you roll it pay you tell about the moisture and all this crap They were talking are you sure they were talking about cigars? Yeah Yeah, and I just would just keep that crap off the air How do we roll some Dr. How do we roll some gars? That should be I like WQBA or something on some Julio station yeah, begin to roll in cigars the Julio Well, it's like I run here like tapes of you and best of Neil yeah Or you'll be able to hear plenty of tapes of me pretty soon when I go on vacation. There's plenty of tapes coming pal All right, and just to make even happier the best of filled us after known from two to six All right, thanks Neil. Okay. Thanks. It's a very important. Okay. So in other words the show is up I didn't say that see they're gonna get all been out of shape. He didn't even hear the show and he's ripping it I'm not ripping anything I just looking for some spy report. Maybe a lot of people loved it The only thing is stop and think about this. Oh, I see Just as I said that George put a cigar in his post now he's not gonna smoke at the course There's smoking's that a lot of the building anymore than I'm smoking one I got my hand right now, but what percentage of people do you think smoke cigars? Small but it's the latest trend Well, they have been only 10% of women No, actually with an our smoke and those little ones now they like having something small in their mouth But anyway, I'll pass but anyway Yeah, oh seriously what percentage of people really do you think our cigar smokeers no matter how trendy it might be Now 10% of more that talking about women. Okay, sorry. I think it's very upset Here's uh, then we just do Hollywood or my dream and now yeah, you're you're too busy playing with that cigar Here's Miami. Hello I nail yes sir Let's do it when you smoke cigars I sometimes oh, okay. There you go. Let's keep a pull on I got you down if it looks like a duck and please like a duck. It must be Brian Yeah, so where do you suck my duck right exactly have a night dating okay? Thanks Yeah, everybody's real upset for you with Brian Cox so can of course they're trying desperately I'm sure this is something he had stuff over there two a I'm looking to get some publicity and try to drum up some support I punched over to them like for 10 seconds this morning must have been right at nine o'clock And the kids they've got on a year not only sound like their 10 years old, but now they sound like they're on a helium Super Sabre weather. I just don't understand it. They sound like 10 year olds on helium And that's QAM and they think they got a goddamn radio station over there and we got a guy doing a hockey game Who's doing oh What is that? Chris more on drugs or something. I mean, what is that all about? So Brian you can keep trying all you want baby, but you're on the losing side on the field off the field everywhere Just like the dolphins man, okay? So when Shula packs up and leaves down he can stick you in his big suitcase and take I'm sure a lot of people would agree Okay, take you right along with him take your stupid ugly ass right along with him Here is the point and be chill. Oh, hey, you know how you don't okay? I'm just calling I'm hoping to call you today. Thank you for the hockey tickets going out Thursday night for the oilers Yeah, but I'm just only a little problem Well, this is the guy you're looking for George this is the guy that drove all the way down here did not get the tickets because you're Hold on hold on I told him what I got don't go away at the end How are you going to embarrass me on the earth? Oh, wait a minute. Do you hear that? Well, this guy he's listen we're gonna more than make up for you You're gonna register for the tragic trip. We're gonna give you tickets to another game We're gonna give you meals at the pizza off. We're gonna make up for 10 times over because George is a butt plug That's cool. How do you like that? Great and I apologize profusely for George being such an asshole and forgetting leave your tickets Yeah, I drove all the way down here from Boint and Beach in George for got to leave Mr. Diggas And it's all night working everything nice But I thought I just wanted to call you let you know that what happened So also when you do come down to get your other stuff with Jaguarity will be here We're gonna tie George up put him in the corner and let you beat him about 20 times over the head with the two by four How's that that two by four with a hockey stick? I don't work okay hang on hang on okay. Well, my cup to you There's a guy named who you were looking for okay, see he called me didn't call you we called me because he knew that I would take care of it He knew if he called you you make an excuse. We have an open line at Broward five two four nine four six three five two four W-I-O-D boy you go out of town for a couple days just for a long weekend and you come back Man in the spit hits the fan. It's just it's incredible and here's this Rachel Alexander writing this almost Tierful column about poor Brian cock put making millions of dollars and going out there making a jackass out of me So I'm getting a lot of stupid penalties and what she has consistently by the way since he's been on the team It's quite of all to talk about what a great lineback re is not a great place that he almost makes But he goes out there and makes a jackass and a fool out of himself over and over and over again But the Rachel's on his side because I guess you don't like Phil now didn't Andy Calbring that bitch in here that day That was today that I was out there in the hallway screaming and yelling with Steve Nickle on the hall And that was that he that Andy. This is his good post buddy Rachel Alexander Better know his brandy to some of her close personal friends and She allegedly loves my show and she loves Phil and Yadiyade they all give you that song and dance to your face But boy and I get a chance to give you a good shot right in the back man. We're at her it's the most There's Rachel right on it right on top of it 1037 at Wild every accessory you need for your car for your truck where you're gonna find it You know by now don't you yada know unless you're deaf and if you're deaf wireless new to the show You'll find them all in ID a lot of entruck accessories at 701 north west 57 place in for Loderdale Where they got that gigantic 30,000 square foot warehouse that is packed with everything under the sun and then some You want a bedliner ideal's got the latest non-skid bedliners at the best prices in town Starting from just a 169 bucks install over 2000 of them in stock a bedliner will help increase the best sale value of your truck Ideals got running boards painted a match your truck and install for all you truckers out there You'll find all kinds of bug shields for cars and trucks Ideal automotive's got toolboxes. They got your vizues. They got your light covers camper tops and all the others And a best part of the deal not only great selection, so they got just about everything you're looking for but on Beatable wholesale prices to go along with it So stop by and see them or call ideal automotive and truck accessory toll free 1-800-621-64 That's 1-800-621-64 64 This station is testing its emergency broadcast system equipment the EVS will soon be replaced with the emergency alert system The EAS will provide timely emergency warnings This station serves a Miami Fort Lauderdale area this concludes this emergency broadcast system test The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on wio The you're not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors all wioD programs are copyright 1995 by wioD incorporated Note-safe recordings are transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of wioD incorporated This is the new Roger show This is your brain Any question if the most controversial topic on Capitol Hill and later today you'll hear the debate live on See fan I still can't believe my Republican brothers are supporting a bunch of hormones Mr. Helm that's HMO not HOMO Got changed my vote. Yes, the confusing debate over health care continues and you'll hear it live later today on The band so my okay 1042 a wioD and let's smoke right along here show it because smoking cigars is in cigarettes Your bad delquio but smoking three gars is in just as Gus will tell you here's Miami. Hello. How to go and Neil great Yeah, a good vacation if my here was not a vacation it was just a preview to buy vacation This was just a three-day revenge a little test. I was just warming up for vacation Listen, how do I use smoke cigars not personally my dad did okay? What he did now he's dead now. He's dead. Oh, see what I mean Well listen since you were going Friday You must in this sports talk and Mandaged gave Defoe or ripping like I've never heard our mandate gave deep-o over 15 test Tiesmith now is this was before Michigan beat Purdue five nothing exactly in front of 103,000 people and Arbor against the Girl School And squeaked by five nothing on Saturday and after Monday when he said to Defoe that he didn't want to talk about it He didn't want to it was done the whole thing, you know the scenario with Brian talk Yeah, I remember that you know they got here about this I have to your all the details on this oh Okay, this is unbelievable Mandage Starts to show up my yeah, yeah, before starts to show with real nice jovial attitude. He's ready to go always right exactly So manage goes no wait a minute and I want to get this straight what side are you want You know what side is he exactly what side are you on are you on are you on are you on are you on? Are you on the side of the dolphin or you on are you on WI of these position side? Oh my god WI of these position side on a station that rips the management more than any station in the history of broadcasting and WI of D has got a position well, so then people tries to calm them But manage goes no stop kissing my ass look my Yeah, kissing my ass people stop kissing my ass and start so much Yeah, yeah, like not the foreclay yeah, and any say right down to it exactly and any says You know what does WI of these stand for and immediately in my head I hear center one AIDS research I mean you know helping people they help in the homeless in previous years And that's what I'm thinking and he's going what does WI of these stand for nothing What does that mean? I don't ask me I mean I guess he's trying to insult the I mean he's trying to say you know Because because WI of you would be so low to play with a thing and brittle we're playing with a Thanks God God He go yeah exactly so in other words, man. It's just it got his head a brine Cox's ass is that what you're telling me basically Unbelievable Yeah, and it got really a man and it got nasty yeah, and what is he supposed to say Deep up so well I know you're the biggest you know You have I both he goes are the biggest fans of so Henry and what he does and you don't bring personalities into this Really as mad as stop-breech personalities and he was really yeah He was he would live it. I love it. Yeah, I love it. God. I give anything to hear that To the don't you will show started and then you know that calm man Yeah, they started to get that tongue out again. Waxing it up exactly in Incredible unbelievable well I just want to tell you about the late moment and Thanks for the good news. I'm sure we'll hear lots more Wonder what side he's on yeah, he's on the dolphin as looking side is the side that he's on Well, you know what I understand when you're how much the dolphins are paying him last time I checked he gives his paycheck from this place Yes, I mean I mean Where is this who is do his real loyalty flight not with this place? Yes, or the or the plate the the team He used to play on you know that's it. You know another thing I'm gonna tell you one thing the inside story Yeah, I know personally the coach has threatened him that if he comes down on I OD side on any of these issues Lock the room is off limits to map to the amortem or showering with the guy for showering right Too bad. I tell you what I know you're hitting the man where it really hurts exactly what I don't understand about Brian Concert is more important most pivotal people in history I've not been beyond being Right right he's a public figure and not only that but he goes out of his way to make himself a public figure more than anybody on the dolphins Except maybe marino this guy's in the news all the time he's sticking his finger to the face It buffalo he's controversial he's a maniac and and all of a sudden he's beyond criticism Exactly well He needs to grow see he thinks he's talking about racism. It's not the color of his skin It's the thickness of it. That's the problem. Who thin skin that's the problem. Right It's not the dark skin. It's the thin skin. Here's a thin skin with a pig skin. That's the problem Well, thanks for the report. You did great job. No problem. You'll pick and have a great life later Oh my god one of the greatest contriotomps in the history of the human race even a frank right would be impressed if he were alive He's dead We have an open line in days seven five one who's frank right? He used to wear the silly hats with Chelsea candy on the horse racing stuff You do everything you have you go wherever you need And you do it every day of this new You talk and interplay my radio 610 WIO I'm gonna start on this film and I'm gonna wrap it all year long Hello You believe in truth and advertising Yes sir. You do okay. Don't you think we as a station have been perpetrating a fraud Don't you think we have a claim are there? Get a little too far. I think so Quite I think it's way over the line and I and you should be embarrassed people suck in a way for the work at our station I don't know my bears. I mean, you know a big film industry. So much as you are now don't start personalities I come from a doer do not I the binary world And I find you on the side of the infidel You know you handled it as well as a kid they you know you're gonna Don't go butter and I'm gonna Don't go butter and you are just but I agree with you to this extent you are a Commission okay That You're gonna And then you got line there's no one inside there I mean you got you you got your analogies and I'm gonna lose this war But you would have to agree that if Frank talks you're gonna express himself and it's this satisfaction with what we're Going on with W-I-O-D that was not the appropriate forum for the method I was gonna apologize for the mark remarks the remarks he apologize for but I know the wellspring from which those remarks come Oh, yeah, okay, there he is out of frustration Coming up for the unnoto having one of the Fight back what a circle Oh, he's going now Jack's a favorite and Hopefully this thing will go away Let's uh, I think actually very jack said it right time to get a new thing to jump on And let me ask you that yes, they're better question Where do we think There's a relationship with a Miami Dolphins important to us. I would say it is the property of the Miami Dolphins We are the flagship station of the Miami Dolphins. Oh, he's right not that you have to kiss up not that you have to suck So why do you do this? Not that you don't you don't you don't look The franchise everybody associated with with the gameplay all day every day to kick it around Stop the wrong with criticism if it's valid I think we stand for nothing I want a little too far this station stands for nothing so I will go that It stands for you and me we're gonna have a good time on the program tonight. That's why we're here Oh my god, just unbelievable Unbelievable Unbelievable exactly Is that in Crave layer one huh? This station stands for nothing and you got to take your sides, you know, and of course even though they're paying the paycheck I'm not saying be a shawl for anybody That's why I tell you exactly the way it is these people are a bunch of graverobbers here They're just brutal but on the other hand they do sign my paycheck So if I have to choose between him and a guy damn stinking dolphins you saw what a tough choice that was Dolphins don't put any money in my pocket on the contrary took a lot out for four or five years there and gave me back a bunch of mediocre games Week after week after week plus lack of sense of humor a lack of having any kind of a cohesive brain What's and then that one man did head me on that show a couple of times and then you notice the last time I was in her and at roundtable with him at That's suckhole Erica what's it read And I used to term the brains then and I said demand it. I think your views are a little bit skewed here too many showers with the coach. That's the last time I was ever on that show You can go to the bank on that Because in man to his world you have to if you're gonna be involved in any way with his dolphins Which I guess he don't realize he's not to tie to any more. He don't worry no uniform Although he does wear a jock strapping the broadcast. That's why his voice gets so goddamn high You check out but I'm telling you this guy don't understand it. He's not part of the dolphins anymore He has no objectivity whatsoever and to have a man stand there with a live microphone in his face and say So Mark and then to defend it and try to cover up for it and try to rationize it like well He understands everything that's behind that's right Here's an overpaid big jock who if he weren't playing a football might be driving a goddamn track Throughout there if he was lucky okay a Big overpaid jock with no sense in humor taking him himself much too seriously Just like the coach in a whole organization by the way and this guy comes down on his side Even though he stood there right in his face and put his ass on the line Exactly what a finalist piece of turg you are Mr. Mandit okay and Depot there of course being I Unbelievable man what a what a match made in heaven that is Two open lines a day 7519463 751 Wild one on a green line one He's seeing again what man it's totally ignores is how did this thing all start? How did the thing all start it started a year ago this past summer when it filled it his first Brian Cox thing which was funny It's held just like it always is and Brian being the big star that he is with a like a spoiled child Didn't have any sense of humor about that and decided he was gonna tell all his good buddies on the dolphin And he tells them what to do and instruct them in life Since evidently they can't make up their own guide damn my oh don't call I know those shows shine I OD even though it is the dolphin station Rick and suds go over there for the dolphin player breakfast before the season this year Nobody comes in talks to him because again Brian Cox told him to stay away And Jim manages concerned about the relationship between Wild and the mighty dolphin I think he's got to sing upside down baby. I think you got an ass backwards man Did you got Brian jazz in your sok my f**k push is what your problem is I'm not playing the good one of those sok my f**k you like that better? Okay Two open lines a day 7519463 I think it's about time some of you started coming down on a right side too, which is a side of truth and reality Not the side of IOD or the dolphins are Brian Cox just objectivity, okay Anybody who doesn't have a sense of humor and of course it no and and then the other episode of year ago last summer was when Phil did the thing on Shula Another hysterical piece about the fact that Shula's not over there on the sideline He's up mingling with a crowd in the skyboxes having a couple of drinks and Shula who did Shula call the rippinass? He called his intermediary his lackey old number 88 his lackey He should be Jim lackey not Jim managed called him to cut him an ass Oh, yeah, we got to cut this off because the brains them is pissed off well two god damn bad There's another guy can't take any criticism Who's getting paid his mid millions and dollars off a stupid goddamn game of football and this guy if he's criticized Even just a little bit if somebody gets there knows how to join just a little bit with him right away He's pissed off and a criticism was mean and it was cool and it was uncold for yeah You're just like all the others baby. You're a goddamn football coach, okay? So get with the program and by the way your team sucks Here's a mobile in Boker hello the dolphins make me sick hockey Yeah Now there's a real sport in a real coach just they even managed said those are real men not a bunch of overgrowth spoil sports a bunch of pansies Where we tend to get a hang the I'll have to go running to lacquer room Open line of dates 75 one 9463 75 one W if this station stands for nothing this station stands for something that you haven't got man It's in that's balls This station's got the ball stick a line and say a lot of outrageous things and to criticize a lot of a very popular people when it deserved to be criticized And to do whatever to hell it takes you know to make people think and be a little bit provocative This guy's about as provocative as a third in the goddamn of punchball. That's not provocative. He is Always the show always the yes man Always kissing the ass anybody that wears that uniform and let me say it again the best example that was this goddamn freak Steven and Bill when he was before he came to the dolphins And I'll never forget that I was in the car out of weekend listening to sports talk one night and he's going on a great length The color says what do you think should they science Steven and he said oh this guy is a case He's like obvious steroic case and he's saying things that am I opinion talk about lawsuits are actionable He's just he's speculating that this guy's done more steroids than Carter's god pills makes cause they can suck or look like a piker And no that's not the kind of guy you want because he's fragile as a china doll on the first time There's a hit out there his legs are gonna just break like like a china doll and steroids make your bones brittle And he's going on a and then they sign him on the team and right away He's sucking his ass how do you like that he's sucking the big one Yes The only radio station that 16 w i o d Miami Ford Latterdale how news talk and entertainment Jacket 16 w i o d Fadel fire in Miami good morning at 11 o clock and period group a news talk and entertain the radio 610 w i o d brought to you by South Florida Ford it's 73 right now in South Florida next news at noon bulletin's at once I'm very griffin news talking entertainment radio 610 double i o d It's definitely a little bit wrong nervous because we're under a lot of pressure Manage has just threatened to take over the radio station to blow up the building if we don't come back and you know say it like it Anyway, it's 11 o five I've noticed by the way speaking of the dolphins that there are games a lot of games this season where they've given up gigantic numbers of points The teams that ordinarily cannot score if you notice that like the new wind with patriots who've had a WOLFAL time of scoring points all season long and spite of having blood so and 34 points sounds like I held a lot of points to me, but I don't want to dwell on that. It's not just Hank Goldberg It's a hippo pommum or any more than I have to other than the rest of the show today and probably the rest of the week This manned thing is just so absolutely incredible and also with this racial Alexander with this twisted story I think you better get your history right sweetheart and find out the origins of this real thing She does make reference to the fact that last summer Still was doing the thing on Brian Cox. She doesn't make any reference to the thing about Shula And the fact that managed with the intermediary they were acting on behalf of his close personal body I'll tell you one thing okay, and I hate to say this. I hate to say it but I'll say it anyway At least Joe Rose the guy with a bad with a big gap in his teeth there that should never be on TV at least Joe Rose is another former dolphin player By the way, not you know not exactly in the caliber of managed well both marginal But anyway Joe Rose at least he goes on here and he's not a shield he rips you'll answer to deserve it and we got a guy We got the ex dolphin here who I want to pound a time thought it got some balls unless when it comes okay I thought this guy had a real pair and it turns out he does but they're like BBs They're like ball bearings Is what this man has for balls how do you like that? And it does have a bearing on what's going on here man We're not gonna show for the dolphin just because of the dolphin station we never have except him Even Mr Weaver Even Mr Weaver man all he had to do was like Think about making a bad play and right away he turned on him like a rat which I'm not saying we have to do But you'll recall those days. I'm sure those of you veterans who suffered do that and probably wishing Restful suffering from it because I guess what we got now Like I said guess what we got now is what I said There you go Okay, we have an open line on the 18 tier wireless the purple line pound iod one on the green line on this Cethartic Monday we're gonna give that over systems it's more than just a goddamn ball game It's a whole philosophy of life evidently this man that's uh and default you know see depost problem is he's too nice of a guy You know he's just an old corny guy You know you don't expect guys from the earth to be corny but defo is he's got more corny in ten minutes and you'll find them a whole state of Iowa But that's just the way he is and he's not a confrontational guy So in managed just out of the blue turned on him like a rat like a cornered rat I guess he just didn't know how to do except extend that tongue A lot of people are standing a lot of tongues these days. Here's a mobile on the alley hello Hello Neil yes, sir never called you before listening since before the bird yes Neil the thing is Yeah Brian cock Isn't apple he has got the work attitude of any ball player I've ever seen I think that we can unanimously agree except for managed Brian Cox is an asshole I think we can agree with that so much And the thing is that I don't believe he's gonna have to the team and I think still angry is a genius Yes, he is and I have one if that if that's what it comes down to my choosing between Phil Henry and Brian Cox that's a no-brainer you know, I'm saying It's not even a contest. Yeah, but let me say something for us. Let me say something on tape later Yeah I But okay pal See the audience they got their priorities right they know what they'll go in on because they've been following this thing for like a year and a half now They've seen the origins of it And if you're gonna be in a public spotlight if you're gonna be in the public eye and you don't have a sense of humor Then you got a real problem But I think today we can maybe there will be a couple of suckles out there But I think it's almost unanimous. We can agree that Brian Cox is Exactly And now of course Brian's gonna have to go speak in the schools tell little kids. Oh my kids are all upset and I'm not an asshole Well, how do you prove that? How do you prove it? I mean he went around speaking to kids to prove that he wasn't out of control in a maniac or alluded to whatever They were calling him in the media So now he's gonna have to go have to run around to school first tell the kids that he's not a homo and number two that he's not a Oh, how do you do that? Because quite frankly I know that if I'm a jack after a ball game even if it was a tough game or a good game or whatever And that was after a win that was after they won the guy damn given I talked to a guy was supposedly a friend of mine and a She'll for me all the time and I look at him in the face and I say I'm an asshole Agreed Agreed yes, okay So we can all be in agreement right? Yeah Here's for a lot of deal. Hello Hey now. How you doing? Okay. Welcome back. Thank you so much. See vacation. Yeah. It was great. I have a little to me Always better when you win yes a little mini you got a little one okay Ryan cock Brian cock He missed me ill so I throw up some chunks with a suck my duck and give managed a phone Please go back home and make your boyfriend mount All right, thank you. See yeah, okay. That was your world's doing a voice We have an open line in Broward 5249463 you know with that the gap two three Never have the joke of Duvoices that well it's a 10 after 11 at Wiod now is the time to get your home ready for the holidays They're almost here. They're almost upon us baby It's time to give your home a brand new look by replacing that worn out out a style wallpaper Forget going over to the home supply stores for getting my king around with that Forget about those over-priced fancy wallpaper stores call the in-home wallpaper shopping service wallpaper by K Thomas They make the whole deal a breeze just one phone call and time it crates comes right to your house Takes a look at the construction of your walls and tells you what kind of paper is right for you You'll get to choose your paper right in your home and that gives you a better idea what's gonna look like when it's up Finally the wallpaper by K Thomas professionals never subcontractors from off of banana boat The pros come in and get your job done perfectly. I mean as well as could be done under the sun Wall pay back Well, let me say it again wallpaper by K Thomas is the only place that'll give you a two-year guarantee on both the paper and the labor In other words, you can't beat them call the pros who come right to you and do a great job every time whether it's one room a whole house Whatever wallpaper by K Thomas call 1-800-749 hang 1-800-749 H-A-N-G You know what they do really needed the panthers game with that every time somebody scores a goal They throw rats out onto the idea So let's do that for the dolphins get them going every time they score a touchdown We'll throw an effigy of Brian Cox out on the field. What kind of a rat? They're insults of rats and then when they score you say hey, throw out your Brian Because I'm not gonna say what you think I'm gonna say Rick and so 6 to 10 a.m. on news talk at Interpayment Radio 610 W-I-O-D Look at the Sonnet blonde man 11 13 at W-I-D. Why did I just play that? I'll tell you why cuz here's a man We just got through here Hearing them say like 20 minutes ago about he lives in a world where there's blacks and whites and no shades of gray Where everything is either right or wrong, which of course is a crocker crap But nevertheless didn't he just say that? That's something is either right or wrong and that if they're like seven words that you're not allowed by the FCC to say on the ear That even if you're a junk you still can't say it on the ear Look at the Sonnet blonde man right there from W-I-D radio about two years ago right on sports talk, okay? You see man, it's you don't practice what you preach baby You're a goddamn hypocrite and you try anyway of the sun to rationalize your ass sucking performance when it comes to Don Shula Dan Reno or anybody who wears that goddamn dolphin uniform the assistant coaches who are inept as today is long Oh, yeah, but I don't know anything about it. He's the expert You see when you're too close to a situation you have no objectivity you can't be the expert You're right in the middle of it when you're right there in a locker room dropping at so plenty of air Let me pick it up for you, okay Then you got a little bit of a problem being objective you can't see the forest for the knees Huh, isn't that our new slogan out in the locker room? You can't see the forest for the knees Denise how'd you get in this here's Boca hello? How you doing Neil okay sir. You have a nice vacation. I wasn't a vacation I just went for a three-day weekend. Okay, I don't keep saying vacation because I have a vacation coming up and everybody's been saying another vacation already Okay, I get too fiery for it. Where wasnet a holiday Friday was veterans Randy Kate were pitiful Yeah, I had the turn of channel really Yeah, they were pretty bad pretty way and I get another Uh Is Hank Goldberg the number one rated pop show host and two to six lot? No he is absolutely not well That's what they're claiming on QAM yeah, they said that all yeah one in one demographic well That you know so what they're like they can say they're number one in pig me's Nobody with a brain believes any of that crap right. I think I know the problem with brain Yeah, oh steroid rage What is it? Too much steroid you're the one that said that maybe Steve Edman came in a town and loan them some see See to me if there was anything that was actionable concerning sports that's ever been said on this station It was managed ripping into implement about steroids when he was only Guessing now he could be correct. I don't know for sure, but that's amazing Exhaustionable you know what I'm saying 10 four right I hear you hey, buddy the panthers look really good They're fucking in why are you doing it? He is doing it and he right next for it. They are doing it Of course tomorrow night. I'm gonna have a little bit of a problem because it's the one visit by my Toronto Maple Leafs in the town every year and I will be wearing my Maple Leaf jacket I'm I blew in white and you know something if you don't like it too bad, okay? I'll try to be quiet. I'll try to suppress my emotions and not make too much of a jackass out of myself But when you've been a fan of a team for 37 years you don't just and especially you don't give it up for a team That's gonna be leaving any minute as much as I love my panthers and I do and yes, I will be there at the Vancouver game Thursday night But tomorrow night. It's you know you'll have to excuse me, okay? Here's the bokeh on eight hello Dale yes, sir. Are you doing what is it? How you did? I did good. I got what you did Okay, if you do it, they actually and they haven't been focused on it. I bought this book It's why it's not sitting in both for borders book. Oh, okay opening any date on for a lot of the All-douper It's up but your cities that sounds like six-men cities They're not so why not? I have no idea. They didn't have every 30. Let's see what this is Are you crap in me? I've orders it well we'll straighten their ass out I just question nothing to spot on the data. Yes, they are the answer the product said If you don't get some show You don't know the DIC K-word it's cooked then yeah, I want to get all listen to the show You don't know dick. Yeah, well, man's probably the PD over there I come yet to play about the Because it depends on usage or you can say spotted dick, which you got no something to buy are you British? Yep, well, you know spotted dick Probably a lot of guys that over having lunch I'm gonna be having that today All right, yeah, okay, close the way this back. Yes, sir. Well, but not mad me you're up your 23's back. Okay, Tata We have an open line. That would say have for lunch or were the adult and trading headquarters spotted dick Maybe no wait a minute. You know something it just dawns on me. Maybe we must understand that maybe Brian was offering a manage I A little snack so good. You know what I'm saying Huh Didn't adoptans play and No, they played in Japan one you're I'm wondering if they ever played an exhibition this game in England will figure it out Here's my amy hello I What about those dolphins now they're doing it? Yeah, you're doing it with great regularity Your page is finally got those dolphins. Yep. That's the one we play a girls team. We have a chance of winning Yeah, I want to see them call in now and talk about the dolphins Yeah, give me crap about your blood so in about how they don't have any Receivers brisbee made what help a nice catch there and how about that deflection catch the coach cup of the touch down the end zone That looked pretty good to me and Curtis Martin running like a maniac They looked okay to me yesterday they're coming along. What about that girl Marina? Yep Break it all the records and all the boot there goes the ball one thing. I just start acting Dyer yeah, and I can't eat no eggs. What are you for breakfast? Who doesn't eat you can't eat no eggs? You can't eat to it. Oh, I see how about bacon how about ham? Okay, I like a breakfast steak How about sausages? Okay, I thought it's just You can't get the one with sugar in it, alright? Yeah, just forget about the sugar if it's got the No nitrates and if it's got like very little sugar. Don't worry about it Okay, you got to check the carb grams. That's the only thing you need to worry about is carbohydrates. Okay now. Okay, and Corgan Deesh bag Hydzinger. Okay, okay. See ya Did it call Wayne to do spagged that he my god All these owners man all use for its owners kiss our ass If you were a sports fan, how'd you like to be looking at Houston right now? They're getting the double whammy The Astro is we're leaving and the oilers we're leaving in fact the oilers were leaving I should pack them a sandwich. They're good riddance. Oh, and then part of the deal with the oilers is That one of the things that they work and also with the Astro is they want a new stadium By the end of the century, which is like in five years or less They got the Astro at almost granted was built back in the sixties, but it's it was the first dome stadium It's still a pretty damn good shape, but this is the new deal out either built me new stadium I'm gonna pick up my goodies and leave. Well see ya Huh, I think the sports fans all sent up his left in America because people are getting pretty goddamn Discussed pandas big money all to get together and send a message to all these owners See ya, yeah I like that why do I get to go to a cleaver mount see ya? What is See ya? Is that the same one that's on here or not wait a minute See ya, what is because it's got that little extra thing on it Which I don't think the other one my mom and players okay, I'm just checking my goods here How's he doing by the way how's his prostate? See you okay? What I know and what what wait a minute what do you mean we don't know Has any called in to see how you know until you heard it was not a tumor? What is it and infection? It was just an infection see your buddy and I was feeling so sorry for him now let's start ripping my gun Okay, we have an open line in date 751 are you serious? That's the rumor oh the rumor is jazz-maked is not have a big tumor on his prostate It's just an infection I wonder where a guy like that would get an infection Here is probably on his prostate. Here's my me be hello Neil yes sir has good morning welcome home. Thanks. Yeah, you already heard a grandty road to a specific Yeah, yeah Neil I'm calling specifically about Phil Henry. I know you think he's a genius or no I don't think now Didn't you call me once before were the same comments no, sure okay? Okay, never did this first time I told you Let's see if for 20 years Because anybody that starts messing with a Phil Henry's gonna have to step over my body. I'll tell you well This is my problem my problem is just that might might wife's grandmother called him We could go in the afternoon. What did you call? Call him to speak to him on the telephone. Yeah, he'll had my wife's grandmother on the floor Dying the telephone and love it with her nose. She was the moron, huh? Yeah, but the problem that Neil is beautiful up to a point the problem is the lady had a heart attack Yeah, wow, she was on the floor When her telephone with a no this was your mother-in-law my my wife or in mother oh your wife's grandmother We didn't she be having a party then oh Had a nice life. Okay, well, that was weak. I was really lame. Who's that guy? Was that one the writers for the son? Sentinel I was probably Ray Wretchen We have an open line in date 75194. So that was so lame pala was so weak. See that's the sense of humor the people out there When you find somebody with a real sense of humor like Phil Henry you should cherish him and cuddle him and suck his ass Instead of like ripping him like this Rachel bitch at the ason sentle would know a good radio shortly Stuff the whole guy damn radio up or but you're as simple to the Rachel okay? Another one of one of Andy's friends. What does that say? I'm sorry Randy. I don't mean you Andy Cald one of his friends They're answers it all to me love it 22 at W. I Od when you consider auto security think about this over 90% of the stolen car's found with low jack Also had alarm systems some of them even had factory alarm systems But these cars were stolen had to be found using low jack the stolen vehicle recovery system because guess what they alarm doesn't get him back Don't rely on half a security system a factory alarm's great. It's a good start to protect your car from your riders or amateur thieves But no factory alarm can defeat the dedicated professional thieves who strip your car for parts. They know how to get it So to beat the pros you got to add low jack stolen vehicle recovery device to your alarm system for total security When you visit your new or used car dealer ask about low jacks free car alarm offer Low jack will help make sure your car is fully protected from the amateurs and the professionals alike So get the load on on low jack on participating auto dealers and software Which is just about all of them or call his toll free number and they'll help to set you up with low jack in the car you're driving now 1-800-53 low jack 1-800-535-6522 for low jack the stolen vehicle recovery system that gives you peace of mind and guess what it works Check your way to the Super Bowl with Miller Light and 610 WIOD Listen every day. We'll direct you to a flight against cafe or big daddy's liquor store When the 610 WIOD armored car arrives Registration being again Lifetime and happy hour locations change every day So listen and kick your way to the Super Bowl with Miller Light a news talk and entertainment radio 610 WIOD. Hey Neil. This is Randy West And if you can't tell the difference between me and Ron Jeremy you should try girls He Why See how we hide, talking with Donna, dying to get her love. For your haste, who could have found us human sick girl. Okay, love is 28 at WIV, where we stand for something. What figure out what it is? We stand for being like irreverent. How's that? There's a good word where irreverent. We don't have no sacred cows here. Even if they do wear a goddamn jock strap, how do you like that, man? And by the way, five nothing against a girl's school and Michigan right there in that arbor in front of 103,000 people. Oh my god, that gets produced. Even Bob Greasy don't work for Purdue anymore. That's how bad they are, okay? Unbelievable. Five nothing. Right by the way, pound it in the end, right there in Indiana. I just thought I would mention that. The same Michigan State team that beat up on Michigan another week before, I just thought I would mention that too and came from behind twice in the late stages and kicked their ass and he's lancing. So I think that's what's causing him to go through this period. Maybe he needs to pull a string. Here is a Pompano, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, that was dolphin sucks. Yeah. How about that? You ever watched the school of show? If they went next weekend, somebody will be calling saying, hey, how about those dolphins? Superbowl, baby. You're all I do not watch the show. I'll show under penalty of death. Watch it for men to watch show or hands. And they shake like hell. Somebody was telling me he's becoming like Howard Tossel Jr. I think on IOD from now on, it's said a shoes. We call him shake. I like it. You know, shoes and shakes. We're calling shake. I like it. What happens to these players like Eric Green and Antman and then they're great. They're great times. They're going to get to the dolphin's big sucks. Yeah, how about to roll buckwheat? He wasn't great in Green Bay. They booed his ass out of there and dolphins didn't learn their lesson. I'll tell you what. The dolphin's secondary man, you can't complain about their play because they don't. They can say called JB Brown. JB Burns. Yeah, Toss. How about the Slyon if it's another 20 yarder? Oh, did he? Oh, yeah. I didn't see that. It was only going to be 18 yarder but Brian Cox jumped off side so it was 10 yard penalty. 10 yard penalty. 10 yard penalty. And I'm sorry. Yeah, I'm propped side. How do you get a 10 yard penalty for all? I don't have it once, five yard. Yeah. So five yard backs. So when he also threw a summit down there before they haven't got a 15. He said he always does that though. Yeah. They just don't usually catch it. And I got a bigger half-lector than Mandate. Yeah, it's stuck below. Oh, yeah. Oh, my God. Yeah, but he's got a lot of practice. Yeah. From right here. In closing. Yeah. I like that. A little more enthusiasm than the next time I'm not going to do it myself because that would be bad. And then he might take it personal, which I don't really care because he has an asklicker man. Mandate is a professional asklicker. I read this guy. I mean, I knew he was a Homer and not Homer. But I didn't realize just the extent to which it goes. I mean, this transcend it's like most of these jobs, especially in football more so than any other sport. To them, that's the beginning and end. In other words, their whole existence, like Shula, is football. Can you imagine sitting down and talking to Don Shula about the assassination of Yitzh Khakrabin for a couple of minutes? Can you imagine that? He wouldn't know. Yitzh Khakrabin from Marvel TV. Oh, that other Jewish guy. Yeah, I know him. Yeah. Seriously, stop and think about that for a minute. Hey, Johnny D. How you doing? By the way, they say hi at kiss. They want to give you a big one. Yeah. By the way, Johnny Dolan's got a message for all the people over WQA and kiss. I don't know if we can say it on the ear and I think he was saying. Fuck my dick. There it was. We have an open line on the Ukraine line, 1-800-9449-463-180944-Wild. If you ever see Johnny and the Alfred that you've bunked together by the way? Here is a homestead on a purple line. Hello. Homestead on that purple line. I got their radio blasted in the back. Man, oh man, just imagine the hours of free entertainment they're getting. Okay, up your ass. Open line on the purple line. Pondio D. Let's do four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I heard the Randy Road Sean Friday. Yeah. It was a little surprising tuning into here. The Neil Rogers, the best of hearing a Randy Road's last show. The worst of, yeah. Okay. And I don't see what I don't see what I don't see what I don't see what I don't see. Don't ask me what it's all about. This was another Steve Nickel production. Don't ask me. Well, what they were trying to do was during the promos and the rejoin. You know, you had Mr. Mr. Big deep voice saying, you know. This is the show where Randy Road's lost it on the air. Yeah. And, and it didn't do anything on the air. I know. Did I say, I think it was this place. I hate these people. I'm quitting on Monday and I'm just saying goodbye tonight. So they were trying to make the herl of bed and she made this place look fair. Yeah, they were trying to look like it was like another Alex's bed and thing. Or he just went crazy on the air. Yeah. And all she said was this place sucks. I hate the management. Right. When I quit on Monday, they won't let me come back and say, go buy some bed and buy tonight. Everything right so far, right? And so I don't know where they get off thinking that's, you know. This is going to make Randy look crazy or something. Maybe this was our way of apologizing, giving you a chance. I was going to get a little bit of a apology. And it was you. The funny thing was her last show, which is what you're going to have to go. Right. She's telling everyone, I've got these offers from here and these offers from there. And I've got a whole thing lined up and we're reaching out. Channel. West Bomb Beach. Okay. Yeah, at least, at least she's not here though. And that's. They're going to be the only Jan. Oh, she's not here. And that's what you have to do. Called up about Phil Hendry. Yeah. He called you. Jack. He called Phil Hendry last week. Father left. Oh, give father had a heart attack. Another one of these old parts, which is that ball bill were still around so he could be doing a thing over there on the beach. You know, I mean, this guy's an asshole. Phil is good. Probably hangs out with managed. Okay, pal. Bye. See you. Yeah. Phil has got. Okay. See, I know this comes as a very revolutionary concept. I want to tell you something. I want you to listen very closely. And this is something that disturbs me greatly about consultants and about a lot of program directors, a lot of people in radio and television. You can sit down and you can listen to something. If you have any kind of knowledge, any kind of understanding of the industry. And you can listen to somebody. And you know, there's some people that are like borderline and you might waver and somebody might think, or because they like the person personally, they might think, yeah, I want to, they'll be okay. But if somebody is outstanding, you can tell. You can hear it. You don't have to have somebody come along and say, well, I'm going to, I'm going to give you a big gosong of the dancing and dissect their whole act. You don't need that. If somebody is good, you know it. Phil Henry isn't good. Phil Henry is great. And I'm not just saying this on it because he's on his station. Because we've had Dickie Farcal on his station. We've had Delerey Justice on his station. We had Drew Michaels on his station. We had Joey Reynolds on his station. We've had somebody lose his on his station. It's unbelievable. And I never came on here. It's an old man. That Dickie Farcal. He's going to be great at night. Did I ever say that? Of course not. I told you he's stuck. And he did. And he still does. He's another one up there in Palm Beach. But Phil Henry is a rare talent. You have to search long.