This is Connie Chuyne, Chris Baker's in here, but why don't you leave the message for him? Smelly bitch, smelly bitch. Now, the new Roger show, a news talking entertainment radio, 16, WIOD. Hey hey. I will my leg is a ride in my arms fell off, so cold in the grave I got a nasty cup, looking up pops popping my butter cup by boss's ass. If I could get dug up on home. Hmm. Well, a break is joe and give them to black ass, and nose with swell to its original size. I bleached his skin till he's all gone. I've been to MOVE a wild cheerblocks, I'll still do me a favour if you love me. Bring a backhold to the cemetery, there's a lot I'm loving, pet a bottle, I gotta beat up, but I can't. Unless I get dug up on. Hmm. Hey hey, somebody dig me up. 107 at WIOD. Happy Thursday to you man, it's payday for some of us. Let's get that check in here, maybe a little bit of lunch, and let me out, man. Let me out right now, screaming any Ellen. I feel like the prisoner, Patrick McGooen right now in a bad day. Number 6, number 6, he was number 6. Well anyway, here's a facts to start today. I got a couple of interesting facts. This is also a real great hate letter from Joe as in Joe Mama. And Joe being one of the real chronics with that tick voice that I mentioned when the default was filling in last week for Rick and SUDS. And he called in because it's a sports show. I got news for you, Joe. This is a guy probably wears a jox strap to bed. This guy probably wears a jox strap while he's in the shower. Probably got a gym manager blow up down in the shower with him. And this guy sends me because I mentioned him on here what a chronic he is, but he never listens of course to anything except sports. In fact, he's going on here about how I suck so bad. Every four-letter word that's ever been invented in the vocabulary. It's in here, over and over and over and over again. Blank sucker this and of course you can't get your show in other markets like Howard Stern. Hey, we were in Fort Myers for about three days. What are you talking about? U.S. Hall, butt wipe. But if Howard's so great, how come he was listening to Defoe in the morning? How come now he's back on QAM? So we won't have to be listening over here. These assholes with their sports shows that's all they know man. They couldn't tell you what they'll. They couldn't find a, uh, float on a goddamn map. They're so stupid. And speaking of that, look at this. Neal, this is a facts and wait till you're this. It's from Thomas. Thomas, I don't want to say you were a little on the slow side. Neal. I know Michael, no spelled N.O. You know Michael, man. I know Michael from Coconut Creek and the only reason that he saw Forest Gunpers because I gave him a, I gave him a, a, am, see, give to Defget for his birthday. P.S. he is a asshole, love the show Thomas. He is a asshole, not an asshole, a asshole. And I know Michael, and you wait no Michael. I know John Kennedy and you wait no John Kennedy, two Thomas. But brain dead, just like John Kennedy. And brain stem, Schuula. So here is another brilliant guy who knows then of course yesterday brought that up. And we were just starting to get a little bit of response about Forest Gunp. And what happened then I just the tracing and he screwed up my life again with those damn CDs. And just when we were starting perhaps to get a little bit of herbal intercourse interchange on here here. What happens, but I think all of a sudden the phone lines get flooded with free loaders. Oh, I'll take the aras berries in the cranberries in a strawberries in the fruit cakes. And whatever you got, I'll take it. Okay, you're trying to weigh. It's in the mail. And we still have some of that left, but I had so locked away and because George is ill and or now he's actually not ill in his daughter. Well, not really his daughter, somebody in the neighborhood is ill today. One of his daughter's little playmates is got a headache today. So George is a businesswoman taking care of that. Also, I do want to say this and I know this is not of import to 99% of you, but I'm going to say it anyway. Because the last night I met Papadol Park in my good close personal friend Gary Sibel, our prestige is tracking out to the best in the business. Is sitting there having his dinner, is he does every night with us before he goes upstairs to a do his duty to do his thing. And he's telling me a tale of woe because I do the handicapping show on Friday nights at Papadol Park. And occasionally, like every week, I ripped the hell out of some of these so-called drivers who couldn't drive their finger up there, but even somebody else's. Because I think that if I'm going to give advice on people of Amwich Tours is the bet and which drivers to bet on, I should at least give a little information at. Don't waste your money on guys who almost never win a race. I think that's a good piece of advice. Don't you? Yes, I do. So I've been at least some of the guys up there getting a little bit thin skin, and I don't want to mention a name, although Friday night tomorrow when I do my handicapping show I might at Papadol. But anyway, so I had mentioned that Leon cable, who's one of our Michigan drive nice guy, I've met Leon. I had the fact he was up at my table a couple years ago, one night he's a really good guy, but can't drive much not to well. And I mentioned, oh, this guy gets lost out there. Well, guess what, last night I got the program right here in the eighth race. Number one quality guy to be driven by Leon cable. Gary Sebel comes on to PA. Ladies and gentlemen, I like driver change in this eighth race. Number one will be driven by Kevin Wallace. Kevin Wallace of course is God, the greatest in the world, at least they hear anyway. And guess what quality guy goes off at seven to one, I got him in the double, which paid like 57 bucks. And wins the race. A tough trip first over on a sloppy track and Kevin wins whipping and slashing and driving. Can't even see where he's going wins the race. Which if Leon was driving, he'd be finishing that race right about now. Here he comes. So, you know, you can bitch in Monal you want, but I rest my case. Okay, that to me, I think I am bearously on to put in a real driver on at horse last night he wins the damn race. So you see 100% of something is something Leon. 100% of nothing is still nothing. Whatever it all I mean. In other words, get some real drivers on those horses. All you would be guys and stop belly it can stop you and say, you're a bunch of cry babies. Okay, stop being such a bunch of pussy cats. Anyway, also bell soft mobility is dead. You do know that. I'm still a little bit leary. Hey, I was riding D doing. I'm still a little bit leary. Oh, I got so much to say about that about yesterday's Phil Henry show all we can't say. No, which one can we say? We can say, Ronnie B. But we can't say, Ronnie B. See, got to leave a little pausing there because we say Ronnie B. They get upset because, yeah, I don't know, or B is in B-Wilded. But anyway, the bell south thing comes first. I just, I don't know. I'm a little bit leary because once again they haven't been very specific. They in fact, they don't, they're not specific with us about anything. Between Bob Green and Steve Nickelbag, who is busy doing his car and carpentering personation and doing a great job of it. By the way, we don't know anything about what's going on. We just get a memo on one day. While as of a couple of days, bell south employees going off and they're disconnecting in two bad for them, we'll still have the purple line and that's it. Well, yeah, I've got to be more to with than that. And then I ask the question of our general manager, what's the deal behind it? Well, they didn't want to be associated with us anymore. About 45 days ago, they told us, they gave us notice. They don't want to be associated with our station anymore. It's got to be a little bit more to with the NECI. So I wouldn't be surprised if some of our listeners out there called bell south and building like that last guy that was on with Rick and Suds a few minutes ago. I want to get some reports, some fiery ports on what they're saying and what this is really all about before I really go ballistic because I think as usual being a host, they're really good. 1113 on your all host station WIOD. 16 WIOD. We're dry sexual. We'll try anything. Oh, right. Speaking of that, by the way, big big piece in the paper today. Can I say big piece I just did or hot piece in the paper today about Aaron Summers. There she is. Big I tell you that picture. It doesn't do her justice. And that's not Larry just to see the boys. He a goofball or what he is really sad. You should hear what Jason just said about Larry justice. But anyway, phone sex here it is. Aaron Summers is bringing passion phones or is that passion phones or sorry, sonny. Her very adult warm open honest discussion about sex. The local airwaves and this again by Melissa Rujieri. Melissa Rogers and I said, tell him, girl, hey, I'll put you nose, eh. But and of course, like I said before, if you're a woman, see Randy always used to bitch. Oh, if you're a woman on the air, you don't get any publicity data. Bye bye bye bye. I don't buy that at all. Women on the air get like a hundred times more publicity than anybody else. And I've got my flight to Sweden booked already. I'm getting the change in a couple of months and that's it. Get back in the newspaper. In a smoky murmur that could sue the rabbit dog. Aaron Summers, the polligizes for calling 20 minutes late to discuss her mind. Me bound radio talk show. Scourge court. She is contrite but not flustered. After all, what could embarrass someone who makes her living talking about orgasms? And Scourge court oral sex. Summers is they newly defied. What is that? newly defied. Oh, deified. Don't use big words like that, Melissa. We don't understand those here. As in. Little good. The newly deified sex goddess of Florida radio, whose passion phone show hits WOD on Monday night. She dabbled in Sunday job. She dabbled in it before coming to this thing. And it goes on and on and on and on. It's going to be great. We love you Aaron. We're waiting with the baited breath and sore all the guys in the audience. We're waiting hard already. They're working on it. Including that Joe out there. He'll be listening. He'll be pretending to be listening to the sports talk on QAM. But he'll be listening and he'll have his instrument in his hands. I guarantee you that. Mr. intellectual without your stinking for litter words and all your radio expertise, you chronic. Oh, man. What a dick. Where are we going here to, and I got a million things about that Ronnie B. thing yesterday. But I want to like stretch that out a little bit. I want to lay it all on you right away. Here's Bellglaid. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. one of your dogs takes a dump and you don't want it you're giving it away for free can I have it yeah no problem hey listen i i call you back is it a bag yeah excellent i call you last week uh... requesting a bit of a little one of the big one uh... i like the big one okay hey the free i want to be no shortage uh... i call you last week requesting a bit and you couldn't come up with it what is that it was a john bob at uh... honeymoon or saying to do a fine yes uh... what are you talking about i couldn't come up with it my god i i search and i scourine i played it for you special and you weren't listening to show when i played it you may need to play the same day no okay i i my humble a pilot all right i got it right here i'll play in a couple of minutes my god i i i i want to like a mental hernia to get this is just for you i just for you and i work there when i needed you the most you weren't there i appreciate you for sounds like a great song to me just what i needed you you were gone where to help where you well in the nail in a closing yeah chicken little i plucked him oh right well he deemed himself there beautifully that was a lovely thing well seen that's why bell soft mobility does one anything to do it's not us it's you people as Ross pyrrle would say with those beady little eyes and those big and burracing ears it's you people that's the problem because they just don't want guys who talk about chicken pluckers on the era uh... using their valkress he was on celly to one and they don't mind that at all in fact they're pleased they're delighted and the celly to one line is open and available by the way it pound i o d and if that thing don't start ringing heavy duty pretty soon i'm gonna get really upset because it's gonna prove to me that that thing still is a waste of time and we don't see if this were a real if this were an activist if this were a spark plug kind of a town where you could light a fire under the public the only people the only groups who can light fires under their audience are the ethnic groups all i got to do is come on and fart right away everybody is marching they got a ten thousand people parade they want to raise money for some illegal aliens they got a half a million dollars in two hours here we're trying to do no matter what we try to do it's like oh squeezing and yanking and pulling the most left farjick the most non-responsive the most uh... oh demonic demonic as an evil and by the way our center one total still sitting there at 86k to one hundred and i'm sure that's chained is the queen of the universe uh... gonna grace us with their presence today or what what's the deal on this is she ever got a comment and i get her little fast up on had chair and change the total first is she here today even i didn't see her up there she is here and uh... mister uh... caravan carpentry and dragon there the program directors he got a show is supposed you know i come in at nine and wait and around nine ten nine fifteen not that i realize i could out of here right at two o'clock but i'm involved in more stress and more angst and more grief and more uh... pressure and the four hours and uh... four and a half hours that i'm here every day then these people if they were here from nine and a morning till midnight and they just like one rind around what is everybody is somebody going to and like with a sales department what are we doing are we taking them out to january office that the deal now i have never in my life worked at a radio station where when the holidays come at the end of the year they just kind of let everything disappears and i will work at our stuff they will start all over again will start all over again there are stations that aren't even on the air anymore that have more spots on air that we got a lot of serious there are stations that have been had their license reboked that aren't even on here that are running more business than we are jason is pointing to the car racks up there the commercial car racks there empty there's nobody on here and we also have an open line in date at seven five one four-ist cup i want a whole bunch of people conquer that michael at suit or intellectual and co-coded Greek whose friend is illiterate i guarantee is listening right now in chown he was challenging me by fax and speaking of by fax by the way oh gee what did i do with that other great fax from boy Greg who says don't use my name on your please your damn right i'm gonna use your name on here to try to embarrass you and stop bother and be with this crap already get a light take up bowling it's good for you it's helpful go uh have a date with dog Carter or Gary Carter please do not read this on the air once you send it to me baby it's my material i'll read it if i want to especially if it's from you it's been about a week since i last called you he just called yesterday and blew him off just called yesterday it's been about a week this is like that guy that sings the poems all the time that always in he called you the day before and he'll insist he hasn't called you for two weeks what is wrong with you people do you think my Alzheimer's is that bad it's bad but it ain't that bad i wind up here every day find my way i don't call any other show besides yours besides yours let alone listen to them let alone what ah let alone yeah let me alone i had a shot load of material to discuss with you but you cut me off in the call too i'm not see there he go in the call too using little neolisms in his neolistic life uh dropping in his facts there let me use the lines and you try to like uh come up with your own crap okay mr original call up runny b i'm not like the other chronic's to call you that call your show who called your show not that call your show the guy can't spell his grammar sucks not the chronic's that call that would be like inanimate objects like cats and dogs that even they would be like whom i don't call unless i have interesting items to you Greg you've never had anything interesting to talk about you call the show 700 times just today you said that i had nothing to say but how do you know that because you didn't give me a chance it's called neurotic repetition i'd like to continue to contribute to a show and i promised that if you let me call again i won't mention my name anymore ps i've turned many of my friends on to your show all young well under a hundred years old and then at the bottom your faithful number one listener boy Greg boy great i'm just Greg now it's boy Greg or is that boy Greg and at the bottom he's got dolphins number one with an arrow welcome back kneel what did i say was the dolphins fan again i'm gonna jump on a bag of mine out because the patriots lost and because i think my mime is gonna be tandy yago i'm gonna jump on a way you're crazy man your dream and in fact somewhere George has got those a fc championship game to get so locked away and by the way if my mime should win a cleave will not stop Pittsburgh which is unlikely that both will happen but if it does two is divided the pizza loft we'll be for a set of one fundraiser this two day five to nine p.m. i'm gonna like it will have a drawing and we'll give them away not auction them off give them away if uh those things should happen this weekend but i doubt it 10 24 at your a freebie station wio d this is another snappy liner from the guy with a d voice 16 wio d not to be out done by the mad dog the goat released an album of his own although i can't handle you some by the coach himself for you will say a round one five day you look at me and you're gonna know what's out what's in with me you're gonna want to buy me and the goat never sound it all fine hole fight One fine one and one I recook. Wipe that down forever. See the love of me that I feel fine. Ever a change of taste. The coach is all fine. Favorite. My Galloway's Red Hot. You're Galloway's dude in squad. My Galloway's Red Hot. But you're Galloway's dude in squad. If she got my punch, now she's really got a lot. You're Galloway's so fine. So fine. You're a singer. Available now with Blood Buster Music. Brain stem shul is a singer. It's a number one already. We need seven help. 1028 at WOD. By the way, that other bit is in a machine already for that guy. It's getting very nervous that Jacky Galloway's in a honeymoon. But my god, I went through that exhaust to think to find it. It happens every time. Elvis gets out of the show today. Get dug up. I went through that big song of dance. I scoured through eight million discs. I played it about four times in two days. Just to make sure that guy didn't miss it. He wasn't going to be able to conduct a business in his life. Unless he heard it. Three days later, oh by the way, do you ever find it? This is like your life man. 10 to two. You don't have time for other crappy. Better get your priorities straightened up. Here is Western. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good morning. Yes sir. First of all, I'm going to call every week and say, Bill, South, sucks. Yes? On hold for 20 minutes, not your fault. It's all their fault. Yeah. And secondly, where Bob's so per go? Bob's so per sister. Bob's so per his dead meat on his station. He's now WIODs the tomb, huh? We got the weather channel now. That's the... Yeah, agree. Oh, well. That's part of our new deal. Let the Karen Carpenter got for us. The weather channel weather. Woohoo! Yeah. Oh, in case you don't have the cable, you know, in case the weather channel goes out on your cable. But I just want to find out where Bob was, thanks, go. He's over there at Channel 6. He's still doing it. Take your news. Okay, see. Okay. Good phone. Two by the way. Probably bought it from Bell South. We have an open line in Broward 524 and the green line where they just see they have no interest in us in the green line. They don't put up on a pretense. Although if you are in Boca and you call, we'll give you something right away. 1-800-944-9463-1-800-944-WOD. If you like something that really great at no extra charge and you live in Boca, call immediately if not sooner. And you're going to get something amazing. Trust me. Here's Papeno. Hello. How are you doing Neil? Okay. You have a Hank Goldberg spy report. Yeah. Somebody called him up last night and asked him what he saw the man did. And he said, well, you know, it's a guy's job to analyze games and not to hooting the holler. Hey, stupid. Yeah. And every time the radio broadcast come into ESPN, everybody starts goofing on him. And he says, I respect him, but I am embarrassed where I am going to have to time. Yeah. I'm embarrassed for Hank all the time. Yes. But I started getting mad. I mean, we loved him. We loved our radio. Everybody loves the mad dog. Hank is just sour grapes because, you know, keep in mind. The guy is calling in asking the man who used to be the so-called Color Man. He's about as colorful as a dead frog. Color Man on the soft and broadcast with Mr. Weaver. You do remember those days, not too mad long. A couple of years ago, right? Sure, too. So he lost the job, which you know he'd give his left and right, not for to have that job back. So now, every opportunity he gets he's taking shots at Mandage, which again, Mandage is over here. He's over there, so he just another cheap shot. Exactly. Hank lives in a dream world, okay? Hank fancies himself. He wants to be Larry King. He wants to be Neil Rogers. He wants to be Howard Stern. He wants to be Jim Mandage. And at the meantime, he's just fat Hank. He's got all he wants to take. That's all he wants to take. But he's all raven lunatic. And I know I'm not the only one that turns down to sound on his TV and listen to Mandage. If we didn't have Mandage on the Dolphin broadcast, there wouldn't be six people listening to this radio station during Dolphin games. Go to the bank with it. Absolutely. Tell Hank to get a light. I will. See you. Ask him I was wife to one. We have two open lines. They're both in Broward. Five to, has he ever been married? Do we know for a fact? We don't think so. We're checking on it. Uh, I haven't. Five, two, four, nine, four, six, three, and Broward. I wonder if there's a connection there. Let's go to Miami Lake. Hello. Neil, guys. Yes, sir. You know, I picked up one of those one of Roger shirts. Did you see that from Cachaglor? Great. Excellent. Sure. Larry King's fire report. Hmm. You see you last night? Did I see what? Larry. You think I watched the Larry King show? No, I do not. Even channel surfing. How is it to track? Okay. Anyways, someone called up and asked about the size of Howard's penis. Yeah. And he didn't understand the question. Uh-huh. The old Brad explained that it was a prank call. Alfred had to explain how big Howard's penis was? I should explain to him that it was a prank call because he didn't understand. Because I, oh, that's right. Somebody told me about that this morning that when he got the call and he puts his thumb where they're supposed to be a penis. And the Oprah couldn't figure out what Larry was doing. Exactly. Any other thing? Anyways, that I don't have a ball spot. Exactly. Yeah. The ice man's the orange ball and me will be that Marnight suck in the mouth without even fat rates. The what? The ice man's the orange ball. The ice man? The ice man. The ice, the Italian ice guy. Oh, yeah, right. The Italian ice man. Right. Okay. Be a little more pacific. I'll be there sucking around to a lot of the time. Okay. All right. See it. Open line and day at 751. You notice on none of these people every day come in here. I go through the stuff that I think I really want to talk about. Like the forest gum thing. There must be somebody in this audience like about 500 people who saw it thought it was either a really crappy movie or maybe a horrendous movie or a piece of garbage. Nobody wants to talk about that. The thing with bell soft mobility. I had to one guy with this gratchy phone with a they suck which we already know that. But nobody evidently called over there. I started going to that and then I got sidetracked because I got too many things going here. I'm going to run a B. And man, I'm telling you some of you people out there are so dumb that it's frightening. It's it is it's just it's amazing. It's astonishing. It's almost in. Copy freaking. Hensible. It really is. Boy, I almost looked on that one. But that would have been good because that's what it is. That I mean, Phil comes on and does his usual brilliant job yesterday. And of course, the timing was perfect with the demise of Ron and Ron. And this market and they're saying one thing on a one hand and Neil Mercky and Zeta say something else on the other hand. And everybody's full of crap on both sides because the fact is that they went into a panic and Howard came in and they were around the verge of getting blown out anyway. And Rick and so it's that already started them on their demise before Howard even came on a year. And they're dead meat in this market and everybody knew that. And that they would be. And so Phil comes on and does his usual brilliant thing. And the people that called in during that hour, I'm going to tell you I had it on at home, which believe me, that takes a lot. I'm always listening in the car on the way home to Phil, but for me to turn on the radio at home, I mean, I get more than enough of my share here, okay? But to turn it on in the house. And I'm listening to these people and these women, especially these women. Oh, Ronnie, oh, oh, oh, oh, you're part of my life and mornings are never going to be the same. Oh, no. And he started out to think by talking about how they go. The same thing that he did back a few months ago about their more in the intellectual broadcasts and their humor is more intellectual. And the market is too stupid to understand their humor. And then later on, the thing he goes into the thing about he's starving, he hasn't eaten a meal in a week and a half and about ten days. And Phil is talking about he's going to send him a hundred dollars. And what is he here in town now is on a West Coast. No, he's over in Tampa, but he can come on down and get it. And these people are still calling in. Ronnie B. Hey, how you doing, Ronnie B. It's just really, Phil Henry has opened up avenues of stupidity. He's opened up my eyes so wide that my lids are ready to pop. That's how open my eyes are. I mean, I've always known. It was never a shadow of a specialist country where education is a dirty word and being a gyvas asshole dumb is the word. The dumbing of America is complete just about. But I mean, this is above and beyond the call of normal stupidity or being naive or just the slower, just a, a gullible or easy or a soft. I mean, real soft. Real real soft. I'm just I'm a stung. I'm almost speechless. And Phil is on many days opened up my flat my eyes to the fact that there are a lot of just incredibly dumb people. But yesterday was the Kudigrais Gras, 40 grah, Mardi Gras. Hey, I'm ready, B. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What? What is that? What are you talking about, man? What crap? What language you'd be speaking? I hope that many, many of you had an opportunity to hear that and are just shaking it right now, shaking your little head with all your mind. 1036 at WiodD. The opinions expressed by the host guest or callers on WiodD. You're not necessarily those of this station or it sponsors. All WiodD programs are copyrighted 1995 by WiodD Incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior written consent. Mr. Merrick. Madditch. Heave. You've seen the trial on CNN. Now, the TV movie America's been waiting for. Ralph and Ellis Cremden Star has jada Lorina Boppet in Love Herds. I'm warning you, John. Don't push me too far. That's a laugh, Lorina. I'm the king and this castle, the K-I-N-G king. I'm the one with the penis in this house. Look, I'm tired of talking. I had a hard day driving a bus. Now I'm going to take a nap and I don't want to be disturbed. What was that? Oh, she cut my penis off! Hey, Johnny Boyo, what's all this screaming in here? Help me, Norton. She cut it off! Cut it off from sexy, Gada. I don't have anything to have sex with! You gotta get me to a hospital. Any hospital, hurry! Johnny Boyo, looking for you that animal clinic was right down the street. I see you think I'm lucky. You think I'm lucky, do you? I'll take a look at this, Norton. Who's wrong with that? I think that elephant's tongue looks kinda cute down there. Oh, you do, huh? Hand me that playboy. Hey, Johnny Boyo, you wanna pee in there? We need some help. We need some help. 20-11 in WOD. Jason was just asking me if I was hungry and we're gonna get something to eat. And of course, we haven't been doing a lot of that here, but Jason naturally is trying to seize the moment, the opportunity. Because you know, there's a lot of free food, does flow in here during these hours. I just don't know where we would get food from at this point. Although there is that Italian restaurant across the street that's somewhere we had to menu from. The new one that lasted about a month like everything else over there. And looked pretty interesting. And tomorrow we're getting more Italian, by the way, tomorrow we're getting... Rigatones from Dan Trauser, Trotman is other Senifu. Anika Pri is right across the street, by the way, where there used to be that deli that lasted for about five minutes. And I don't know how we would get it or what the deal is, but maybe we can investigate that, maybe like a little pasta or something. Like maybe a little pasta and broccoli, it would like to make a sauce or Rigatone Anika Pri with onion, per shoot, then pink, cream sauce. They got some pretty interesting things on them, over there, right across the street. Maybe you can work on that and probably not. Okay, we have an open line in Broward 2 and date. Boy, I was sitting here with Rigatones this morning, and the phone was as... I mean, it was like not only Bellsoth mobility line, but he liked that, like somebody just yanked the whole guy damn thing out here. And this morning, they're here, they're there, they're gone. You people are brutal today, okay? I'm gonna tell you right now. The one thing I'm doing, it's the new year, I'm making not just the resolution, but I'm making a move right now, and that is this. From now on, instead of this, I'm not giving away anything more this week. I'm gonna leave those damn CDs for a next week or, I mean, it's already Thursday. But from now on, we're gonna start talking about some crap, instead of just having this entire radio station turn over to a bunch of free loaders. Who the hell wants to hear a bunch of goddamn free loaders begging for crap on a radio? Two open lines in date, 751. I want some forest gump calls. I want some bell south mobility calls. I want some Phil Henry yesterday with Ronnie B calls. I want to talk to some people who want to talk about crap that's going on, not about... Oh hey, give me a wash, you were the dryer. Give me a blender. Give me a million dollars. That's not a goddamn radio station. That's not a light. That's not a show. That's just masochism is what that is. Free loading bastards. Here's a nice lady in Miramar though. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I wanted to tell you I'm glad to do it. We'll be no more all-grade radio. Right. It's about time. It's about your crap. Well, it is because... I mean, I don't mind what you do. I mean, I don't mind once in a while if we got some like football tickets or something nice. They're like those Louise Miguel tickets. You know, I mean, given the people in the audience who support you, you give me something back. But I mean, if that's all we're ever going to do here, or we can't make a discussion about anything that's going on, what kind of a show is that? What kind of a radio station is it? My dad said that if you give somebody something for free or do a demo favor, it's going to come back to fight you in the... Oh, that's right. You're bad. Once you give it away for free, you can never charge for it. You know that. And I wanted to tell you, I have to tell you one. I've always had some of my husband got those sounds in November. What an idiot. Yeah, well, he and I had a big discussion about it. And he said, no, it was a better deal. Well, his first symbol was $180. And he had his own contract and all this kind of crap. Right. So anyway. So he, on 30 to 1, you can say crap, and they're not going to get upset about it. Bells off mobility, they would want anything to do with you. They wouldn't want you using their phone if you say crap. Or even take one. But I also wanted to say that I saw four scum. All right. Different. I don't like comic. Yeah. And I hate time, man. Well, sorry about that. No, but I'm just telling you, that's why I wouldn't see the movie. I mean, if I like time, I'd probably go see the movie. I wouldn't just see the movie. I... I wasn't really in class. Ah. See, this guy had sent me the facts yesterday. He said that everybody, everybody, that he had spoken to said it was excellent. And I don't think it was excellent because based on most of the people I heard from it was pretty mediocre at best. Well, that they kind of what we thought about it. Yeah. And I took my 16-year-old son, my husband, who's 50, and I, and you know, we went through. Yeah. Well, I hope your husband's getting with the program. What said it? One, Tom Doow, why's up before it's too late? Well, apparently I'm in a bad area over here by university drive, but I wanted to tell you, I'm glad that you're going to get back to some... Thank you. We're putting some meat back into a man. Trust me what I tell you. Well, I'm glad. Okay. I've been in... I usually don't call because I'm laughing too hard. Right. Or, or, or pounding my steering wheel. You're pounding it too hard. Well, the thing is, I was a jeweler, and the only thing that I can get you is in my core. Because I'm the wife of a fiction, so I can do it. There you go. Well, it's a very great day and tell you how to get a bunch of up a little bit. See, okay. There was one of those real great cellular one connections too, by the way. I hope you appreciate that. Pound IOD on that purple cellular one line. Use it now or lose that too. Let's start using it. And I want to hear about some people. And I'm going to say for the third time, I keep trying to get into this. And I got so many other things on my plate today. His jewelry rentals would say if he had a show, which he does not thank God. But so many things on the agenda. But I keep interrupting. I was starting to say that if we had an activist kind of audience out there, like the ethnic stations doing this time, as soon as we whispered that Bell Soft Mobility was yakin' us. We had 20,000 people on the phone out there, canceling their cellular for orders with Bell Soft Mobility. There would have been a stink for likes with which even the Japanese never saw Nagasaki, baby. That's how big that bomb would have been. But in a meantime, just like that day, I was asking people to call over in Tampa on the center one thing. Because they wouldn't run the PSAs, they wouldn't run the PSAs, they wouldn't run the horror my show on the weekend, and run the tapes. And nothing. A couple of old ladies called up over there. That was it. I mean, you talk about a one-way relationship man. You talk about just lying down on a floor and spreading them. That's what this place is all about. And that includes whether we're talking about the management. And I don't want to say that I heard it through the grapevine. But I got a little note under the door here this morning that the Christmas bonuses this year that it was like an ominous column that the pions, the people are coming to put all the nuts and bolts and nuts, especially together every guy damn day. They were given like a little IOU slip. Like turn it back in you owe us $50. That's how much we appreciate your efforts. Have a nice holiday and pay us $50 because we're losing money. Here's a spy report on Bell South. Hello. Hey, now. Yeah. That update for you. Bell South says the whole problem is with your station. You guys would not renew your contract. That's what I thought. Now we're getting to the meeting. You know something. This is what I suspect. And now again, it's a question of who do you believe a question of credibility. They said they wanted to, but you guys wouldn't do it. Uh, how do you speak to? I spoke to customers, reps supervisor. You see, this is the kind of thing that inside here they would be able to tell. They would never, yeah, I smelled it yesterday. I started smelling it like a ever smell a dead rat that died. Like when I used to work in Sarasota, we used to have mice that died in the hospital because it was out in the country. And boy, if you ever smell the dead rat or mouse man, there is no smell in the world. Anything like that. Even when I cut one in here yesterday before a full show, it didn't close to the, I'm curious, there's nothing like a smell on a rat. And I am beginning to believe that we're being yanked around internally here. That we're being lied to that there's information being with health. And I resent that bitterly. And I hope that Bob Green is listening up in his office right now because I think this whole thing sucks. I want to see, I want to see the letter from Bell South mobility that says, they don't want to be at, I mean, here I'm putting my neck out on the line. I'm going on a year. I'm raining and raving about what a bad, a bench bud of people they are. And in a meantime, I'm not so sure that this is what the deal is really all about it. It just doesn't make any sense to me. It doesn't sound right to me. It's not right, Neil. Okay. Who did you speak to? I spoke to a supervisor of the customer service department. Yeah. They're quite upset about themselves. Are they really? A lot of possible reason could we have for not wanting to renew the contract. I guess it's a business decision. But I thought the whole deal was like a trade. I thought it's a freebie this thing. That's the radio business. I don't know. It's the radio. It's monkey business. This is not the radio business. This is our livelihood. This is our bread and butter. This is our life in here. This is our life, fellow. They're sucking a blood out of us. There's a vampire that he's going to shout about you, Neil. You're right. Okay. Thanks. Okay. See now we're starting to sniff our nose into it a little bit more. And I believe this guy because they've been very evasive. Very evasive on this whole thing. And I challenge Bob Green or that nickel bag douche bags. They're carrying carpenter look like an arrow calls himself a program director. I challenge them to come on here here. I'm not talking about one of Phil's voices. I'm talking about coming here and telling us the real story. Let's go and I with the Bell South mobility line. And while I love a sudden like one of our very important lines. Our communication are linked to the outside. To the intellectuals on the outside of this building are linked to the public. Our linked to the ass at the masses. Why that's gone? Don't you doubt the of a racity of these things that we've even just been in the past. I think that's the thing that we've even been in the past. I think that's the thing that we've even been in the past. Even Jason, who knows that these people are a bunch of putwackers. Even Jason's notting his head and said, I think they're full of crap. If you ask me. Because certainly there would be something a little bit more specific. A little bit more detail. But they've been very shady and very elusive and evasive. And every time I ask you a question about what's the real story. Well look at that. Yeah. Yeah. How about that Pat Curry? Like I asked what's Pat Curry doing in here yesterday. These answers. Where are we going? Here's another spot report. Hello. Yeah, right. I'm on my cell one line is my dime and I've been waiting. But I thought I would give you a little thing. This other guy kind of scores full my funder. I said, okay. I called his 920 customer rep. I got a hold of a Mr. Bower. Mr. Bower and I was not Johnny Bower was it. I don't know what his first name was. But in any way, I told him it was the school. I said, we enjoyed the Bells' House line of which I used to have, which I no longer do. Right. And he indicated that they weren't in fact extremely upset that they were happy with the relationship. They did get a good advertising program as they felt from you. And they really had no understanding or maybe they did. And he wasn't telling me because I was somebody calling. They had no understanding of what? Well, they had no understanding of that. Do I, I, I, I, I, I didn't want to be associated with Bells' House any longer. And they were upset with it because they didn't. Wait, wait. W, I, I, I, I, I didn't want to be associated with Bells' soft mobility. I, I, I didn't. I couldn't understand that because he thought it was a good deal from his position as far as Bells' House. It was a good deal for both of you. And of course, it was. Well, that's what I mean. And now you down this panel one. And of course, down there were people getting in all this other stuff. So, uh, for some particular reason, and of course, you're the only one or somebody to find out at IODs. Exactly why they blew up Bells' House. I have, I have no clue. But they, right. Uh, they are concerned about it. And they didn't want to lose the deal because, uh, they thought it was a good revenue and answer from them as far as advertising might got all day long. Well, okay. Bells' House. And that is no longer. Of course. Of course. That's why they're concerned about the impact of the damage on this situation. And we were getting like a free phone calls for all you people out there with your cell phones. That's the way the deal works. Anyway, I gotta go. But I thought you'd be interested in that and, uh, I, I'm really like to know why I, IOD boom up at the work. Believe me, if there's anybody going to get to the bottom of it. I'm dig, I got the shovel out right now. Okay. That's a good, lucky winner. Thanks a lot. Uh, huh. See, that's why I try to get you people involved in this stuff because internally here all I can say that these upper level and middle level. You're a bit, exactly. on here and stick our next out. Just just keep sticking out a little further. Okay, here comes the old machete right down on your neck and go on here and try to speak in a meantime. You don't have any goddamn information. They're just playing with us here, man, or some kind of game going on in his place and before we come back from the 11 o'clock news during that 11 o'clock to 11 o'clock, I'm going to go just storm up and down the halls and start like spitting in every direction and find out what else going on in this toilet of a sewer of a wonderful place. The wonderful island of dreams where it's 1052. 610 Wiod. The other electrically powered toy for adults. Good for you, man. And I second every emotion 1054. In fact, I got something I want to play right now that I think is the timing is perfect for it right here. I didn't see Hank's leg sticking out. Bobbie grab the handbrain but Gary greased it good. You won't be silent anybody out. Oh feeling pain is typical and working in this place. Nothing. It was nothing as you're working for free. Oh bus your ass or bus your arm it's all the same to me. Busing it is good enough for me. It's good enough for me and Bobbie greased. Wiod where we lying a lot. It's 1055 here on a great Thursday. Happy Thursday to you, man. I would sure like to get to the bottom of what's going on in this place and as usual we are the last ones to know and where you're linked where the we're the ones on a year. So what's going on over there? We don't know. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Air Insummers. I can't. Switchful thinking sounds like to me. Here's Boca. Hello. Yes sir. Question. She don't start till Monday night already they're hopping on it. Yes. Yeah, where she looks like a person. Uh better than the picture. That picture is incredible. It is. Oh yeah. If you like the picture you like her the picture doesn't do her justice. No can you send her over please. It doesn't do her justice. Let me ask you a question. These sports guys in this town. Yes. It's one really weak. Does anyone really think that Dennis Erickson has the qualifications to coach in the NFL? Yes. I don't. I mean I think it's a joke. Although you know something the same might have been said about Jimmy Johnson. A lot of people doubt it. Old Jimmy when he left here went to Dallas and he lost 85,000 games that for a season and then he winds up winning two Super Bowl. Not Jimmy had a vision this guy. Jimmy had a vision. This guy's got bad vision. I think he's good. You know what? You know what? I see the difference. Although I you know I don't know that there's that much difference because you know if Howard's smell and burger were here and a lot of people didn't like Howard. He was a very tough hard-nosed, uh, ass biting kind of guy. But Howard's smell and burger would never in a million years have permitted the kind of shenanigans to go on here that go on with this U of M football team. It never could have happened in a million and he wouldn't have sat still for it for a minute and it's started. I'm going to say it again. I'll care what fat hanks says. It started with Jimmy Johnson. Just don't forget that festival going out there and it was fatigues like a bunch of thugs and all that kind of funny, tough ass image deba and talking trash mouth and all this other and in a mean time get their ass with by a very weak that your Penn State team, right? Remember that? Well, I like you. But I'm just, I don't care what you like him or not. I'm just telling you what the story is. I don't care what you like him or not. Are you right Jimmy started it? He started it a lot on his crap and now Dennis comes along and he's just a prisoner at this point. He's just a passenger. He's along for the ride and believe me what I tell you, this whole group of alumni and the players, they're the ones that are calling the shots. They're the ones that are running the show. And I also heard, and I can't tell you I heard it from yesterday, but I heard on very good authority that there's a very serious racial rift on that team and there are those who believe that there are a lot of players on that team that will not play for a friend Costa. They will not put out for them. That's a problem. And after watching after watching all the passes that got dropped on the Saturday night and after seeing the lack of any pass blocking form, I'm beginning to believe that maybe that might be the case. Probably the case. I'm actually one more question for you. Will me off here? A bigger pardon? The thing with Ron and Ron. Yes. One thing, wasn't a station going after 18 to 34 with those guys to get technical here? Yeah. One too, like doing really well in that time. Until Howard, until, well yeah. But Rick and Sots came on and they started eroding their overall audience, especially 25 to 54. And then Howard came on and his main audience is 18 to 24 year old males. And they started going in a right away. They panicked over there and probably they made the right decision and they blew them out. Well, for further opinion, I'm a bull. There you go. I'm 1290. Where are you? I'm in Boko. Oh well, you can hear it. That's 1290, boom's pretty much everywhere. Seems like. Well, you can hear it like from Central Broward North, not too bad. You can hear it. I haven't really thought one day of even Droughton tomorrow. If I'm thinking about I'll have to earn him as he's still alive. Yeah. Because if he was like really alive, he was really great, you know. But we'll see. So what do I get? You get my best wishes, how's that? For a great new year. Okay. And gocanes. Gocanes. Yeah. Far, soon we hope. We'll pack you sandwiches. We have an open line in the Green Line, 1-800-944-9463. As the mystery continues here at Wild as we continue just surrounded by the shroud, this cloud of lies and in Ywendo and lack of integrity and lack of communication and just leaving us here to flounder for ourselves. You just have to really wonder what the hell these people are thinking about. You know, what are they thinking about? I mean, I've only got like four years and 10 months left on my deal here, but who's counting, of course. I would be very disappointed if they came in here right now and said, well, we're selling the station to Ron Popeel. He's going to come on and sell pocket fishermen 24 hours a day. Here's a check for $50 billion. We're going to pay you off. Thanks very much for your great work. Those big ratings for working your ass off and really carrying it up to bring your very best every day. Have a nice life. Go off to Italy. Go wander around in Europe. Go have a wonderful time and good luck to you and see you. And I would look up at them and I would have to really think about that for one or two seconds and I would look back away. See you. Thank you Goldberg. Each year hard out. News talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD. My M&E Fort Lauderdale. Park this. Good morning at 11 o'clock. I'm Ture Griffin. 610 WIOD news that threaded trip to Miami International Airport won't be so bad once a new 1600. News talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD presents the Neal Rogers Show to talk with Neal call 751 WIOD in date 524 WIOD in Broward. Outside the 305 area code it's toll free 1 89944 WIOD and say the one customers could call pound IOD at no charge. Now the Neal Rogers Show on News talking entertainment radio 610 WIOD. Oh my god if you play hangover again I'm going to get them thrown off. What's the deal with the grand old party act of tough since the climb down top. Don't they realize it's just too easy? They might be on the floor look and up. And the other side is acting so pretty like it's a bad disease to be democratic. Everybody saying that's a new way to come and buy the silk pilotics. Oh, it doesn't matter what they say they're going through. Call them down the screen and get it done. Just say they're the little class they say they're going to tax them. They're one to five normal guns. They must think we're real good done. Don't matter what party was elected because the other one is going to screen. Now the saying that they're all with together but just say how it seems. Okay, we got here's the new house speaker. Every day is damn old problem is getting weaker. Family crash Republicans live a roast conservative just all politics to me. Everybody says there's a new wave coming but still politics to me. Well, let's take a vote and find out. It's 1107 at WID. They know but we don't. As usually audience knows, let's find out from the audience who's going to be on starting Monday night at midnight. Okay? Maybe it's Chris Baker but I sure am pretty sure it's not. All of the article in the Sun Sentinel says his show hasn't been rescheduled yet. A new time slot has not happened to suck it for the Chris Baker show. What the hell does that mean? Don't got any new time slot. I just all these bizarre things going on here that nobody can figure out. If it's Connie, Sean, Chris Baker is in here but why don't you leave the message for him? Good luck, Chris. You'll need it and don't buy a house. But seriously, so I just went into our Steve Nickelbag, caring carpenter and drag program director and he tells me that this whatever bell south mobility is telling some of these people is absolutely incorrect. It's full of crap. So a liar, liar pants on fire, we got a letter from them about whenever it had a was saying that they were exercising a 60-day option that evidently was in a contract with this radio station and that they were opting out and not want to continue with the bell south mobility line on WID and that in the letter there was no explanation offered. And evidently from what I had heard before and Rick was just telling me in other like ramblings and rumblings around the deal was they didn't want you people saying whatever it is you're saying on their phone line and didn't want to be associated with us and whatever whatever is going on in the air here period. So if there are people at Bell Southman and I hope they're listening right now and I'm sure that some of them are. If you people, there we go with that line again. If you people are telling the of your customers that the reason that you're not we don't have the and in their life goes on, we still got 80 million calls on the board but it's just a it's a pile of crap is what it is. And it has to do again with this business of censorship and pressure and all the other garbage that's going on in America today. Supposedly where we have a first amendment but it's only good for people who want to shoot up abortion clinics. And if you want to do a radio show or a TV show and a new king witch or some other right wing asshole don't like it. Ah, let's pull them off the air. Let's pull the bell south line. You're a bunch of liars over there at Bell Southman ability. That's what I say. If the information I'm being given inside here is correct and I'm sure that nobody in this radio station would ever, ever deceive me, would ever twist the story, whatever, embellish it in any way shape or a manner. I'm positive of that. Then the new people over there are liangk in the chain of these colors. And I had two of them back to back right there who talked to Johnny Bauer or whatever it hell his name is and they're going to start getting pretty upset when they find out that they've been deceived as in lied through somebody's teeth. Here's Miami happy Thursday. Any else? How you doing? I was looking at financial show on Wax yesterday and uh that would brought you up to other places. Yeah. Go here. Can I hear what? There it is. Oh my god. I can't hear. Can't play their crap on here. What is wrong with you people? Is this man listening to this show or what? What a hell gives a crazy listening to Waxy. He's listening to a station for 200 year olds and he wants to play a piece of tape on here here. Bring up this you idiot. We have an open line in date 751 and look at the purple line and a cell in a one line. This is what we are left with now. This is the line that nobody ever called on in the first place and now this is our link to the 7580% of our audience that's out there driving for living, riding and toiling up and down the just the tyrannier hair out by the roots. Pound IOD baby before it's too late we lose that one too. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Hollywood. That's you. Yeah that's me. Oh my god. I was I was so sweet. I had to go to work. Almost fell asleep. No. Well it's a good thing I woke you up then I probably saved the day for it. Oh my god. No. Yes. My talking to you. I just wanted to say it goes into your capital. I could listen to you all day. Oh my god. Any I'm that you haven't heard when you were there. Yeah. I was the first one there to you root. I don't know if you remember. No I don't root. No that's okay. That's okay. I don't expect you to. We had at least the 10 or 12 people show up that day. Yeah. But he said it. No I was there before. No that's okay. But I just wanted to tell you that I saw the Ron Ron listening yesterday to the Ron and Ron things. That was that. He was so pathetic that he and he was so. Oh I can't think of the words now. Who is pathetic Ron. Why why I'm betting them? The Ron one that was talking. Ron he was just like begging and pleaded and defensive. He was so defensive. I felt sorry for myself. I felt so sorry for him that I saw why don't say cut it off and a woman called and she was so nasty. I couldn't believe anybody could talk like that. They were cursed. She was nasty to Ron he be. Yes. Terrible. What guys down and on is lucky. He doesn't has not a sandwich in 10 days. She was nasty to him. He asked he was a bitch. He was asking for a like a donate. Yeah. I couldn't believe I honestly just broke my heart. I couldn't. I've never. I never knew about you know these people. I never listened to I I work and I'm working now. That's why I was so afraid if I hang up you'll say see. I'll be what always hangs up and I didn't want to say that because I do have to go to work. But I just and you know I've noticed that there was a someone on Phil's show one day also. He was going to write a letter to the chamber of commerce. Why we have bad weather here because they promised him good weather. Yeah. And I mean these idiots that call and say Friday is then how dumb people are really is it's a stonisher. Oh my it's so smelly. I see. I don't know. It's just frightening. Yeah. But I don't understand. Terrifying. Why oh you're the only one on a side. I know you. I only want that can see through all the bull crab. Well I enjoy it. I listen to you and I say oh I can't believe that I'm hearing these things. Everything that I'm thinking. Saying those things. Yeah. So these guys and I'm good and I was good in English grammar. Yeah. Those things. I love that when you said it's corrected that hurts in the morning. It was cute. You have a great day. You're very cute. So. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Okay. There we go. I rest my case. How are we doing over here? Oh we're fine. Okay. We have an open line in Broward 5249463. What on the green line there? Baby let's wake up on the green line in Boca and West Palm Beach in Jupiter in Del Rey Beach in Lake North. Let's get off your dairy air. Let's get off your fat pasta air. Let's hop on a phone. I want to hear from a hundred people today who saw forest gum. Rhymes would stop. I wonder was it good that it suck? I want to respond to that facts I got yesterday. I'm not a real man. Okay. Until I go see forest gum and until I start looking Tom Hanks all over his puto disgusting wretched body with a rotting brain that he's like turned to there's something to happen to that man. He just you know he's a legend in his own behind mind. There's just something desperately wrong. What was that just an asshole on the green line? The asshole line hello. Yeah. Where's cup with us? It was great. It was. Who's this Mike and coconut creek? No. Call it chino beach. It was awesome. Get out of here. Oh it was very good. It was awesome. Well you got to be in there. As compared to what? Bambi come home. You got to be into that kind of stuff. Yeah, in a what kind of stuff? Well you got to like history and you know a little bit of suspension at this belief. Suspension of disbelief. How like when you was in the heck open? That sounds like a pseudo intellectual phrase if I ever suspension of disbelief. In other words, into bull crap is what you try to say. I'm going to want too much Larry King. So I think you've been listening to Ronnie beat too much on a Phil Henry show. That's what I think like that woman I just call from Hollywood. Do I have to rest my case on that? It was you know it's different strokes or different folks. In other words, you could take it or leave it as what you really said. Well it was okay. It had its moment. Yeah. But if you didn't like Tom Hanks, would you like the movie? You could because it was like a history piece. So he liked history and stuff. It was good the way they did that. It was a historical or historical. I think about the special effects were good. Like Connie in a godfather. Remember she's a steracle. Like Connie Chung. Connie Chung in a godfather. Right. When she looked what's her name right in the face and she said she's at bitch. Yeah. You know what I've been like. You like this. His Harry Smith. Didn't like what? Didn't like far as gone. All right. I always liked her. Oh, paint that false spot Harry. All right. Good man. He said he was talking to those. He's a brilliant man. You're talking to the possum and he said the possum? Yeah. The guy does the weather. I thought I called the possum. Mark McHugh and his the possum? Wait, what? Possum's got a hell of a sun tan. I'll tell you that. And in a fat face. Anyway. A possum? He said he didn't get it. I guess he was talking to the movie. I don't know. I don't think he gets it. If you'd look like that, you wouldn't begin it either. Well, thanks for your attrinison put pound time to suspend your beliefs later. Have a great life. It's time for a suspension of disbelief. That's a great line. I like that. That is a tremendous sued line if I ever heard one. If you're into suspension of disbelief, then you'll love the bull crap. We're going to lay on you right now. In fact, speaking of suspension of disbelief, don't forget Phil Henry at two. Oh, there we go. He's big in the suspending your okay disbelief. All right. All right. Okay, come down and don't be saying Ronnie be on here anymore, okay? Cut it out Phil. It's uh Oh, man 11 16 and Wildy and my head softened that lady in Hollywood. She just opened up a Holden new dementia of my mind. While in traditions, it put orphanages back in the news. And that's why we're putting them back on Ruddwood in the chant music it, written by them little Dickens, new king Rick. Jeez, new please now have some more it's political twist. Well, hey anything for kids not anything you're well-fanned free ride is through. Political twist. The story of one man with cloud and millions without. Take them all away from their mothers. Boys down as well as you go. Here's what people are saying about political twist. I miss my baby. Political twist it's the music off of the 90. The 17 90s 11 19 in Wildy is we drift back into the dark ages with Newton and Bob and the Gantzermish poch. It's a beautiful thing. Ain't it? And of course everybody else is just rolling over and saying hey stick it to us baby. We love it. We like it. It feels great. Let's go to Aventura. Hello. How old Neil? Yeah. How are you today? I am really porked off. I'll tell you that right now with the lying people at Bell Soften ability. How do you like that lying to the public turning it around trying to say that it was our decision when it was indeed not? How do you know? So I'm told. Well I'll say you told. No, now you listen even the people in here would never go to that to lie about things like that. I would know it. I also know the L.C. Corna color called just again. You told me don't get chronic on it. Now you're calling me every day now. The high guy from Boston. You call three days in a row. Listen to you. I think you're great. Well great. Have a nice day. We have an open line in day 751. See, I don't understand what's wrong with some of these people. They don't get the message. This guy who quite frankly is a good guy but has got a very boring sounding voice to begin with and sounds like he's in a coma. And of course if you moved here from Boston you'd be coma toast very soon too because you'd be in culture shock. But I'm sorry man. Cut the crap. Call like once a week would be good. That's a nice. If you want a definition of chronic it's somebody who calls more than like once a week. Maybe twice a week if they really have something meaningful and important and stimulating and testosterone inducing the contribute otherwise give it a rest. Be a little passive laid down and take it like we are right here. Take it like a man and listen. Oh that's that's very sad. Sad indeed. The green line is open which is also sad indeed. I still say what are we going to do with this line where the bell South line used to be and with a green line. Let's have another day than other brown. Let's have some phone lines which I'm sure that that would be cheaper than that god they made hundred lines which every time somebody's on hold on there they're pan up the nose right on a 800 like the meter running. At least some lines that might get it. I underline might get used once a while or got something to give away. I mean what we have something to talk about. But that green line man is palm beat sting. Who the hell are we? Uh, hose in man. There's nobody in a world believes we got anybody listening in palm beat. Thank god that we canceled that thing at the Boca town center that we never got in there. That would have been the biggest I mean to slip all the way up there to Boca and sit there looking at an empty wall. Who the hell was the broad that was sitting looking at an empty wall? Uh, some, oh she had written a book and she didn't appearance in a wall. They hit it. I was watching on the satellite newsfeed one day about the 10 days ago. The wife of some entertainer also went in an old actress. I can't think they're not Lauren because she always they line up all the old bags line up for Lauren. But this was some other bag and she was sitting there alone and they had like two security. There nobody came by. Nobody, they annoyed, now it's been in the mall and she just sat there staring off into wilderness. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. For a lot of Dale. Going once. Up yours. Here's the Oja. Hello. Neil. Yeah. What's happening? How you doing sir? Good. Uh, I don't know. This town seems pretty dead. They got a pretty good town. Pretty. They got what? They got Gary Shannling coming down in a encounter with Sherman Hemmsley opening up form. All right. That's pretty heavy duty man. Are you going to go? I'm going to be right over here. Sherman going to wear his, Sherman going to wear his two two or what? Oh man, he's going to be wearing it all with a one with a suicide case. Anyway, if you want real entertainment, you got to check out the being carnival. Excellent group man. Yeah. Try to talk those on drums. I don't like listening bass. Okay. Have a nice life. Call up Phil and talk about the local entertainment. We have an Opa line. Opa line in date 751. One in Broward 524 and the green line which today is the last day for the Florida watch line. By the way, I'm insisting they take that out. If we have to do without bell south mobility, we definitely can do without that because it's like a slap in the post to sit here and look at that thing. And then the minute that I give away the CDs, which I do have the raspberries that I'm going to give away in a minute. 1 800 944 946 300 green line. This is your last opportunity and you lose it. And that's a promise for a lot of Dale on the purple line. Hello. Hello. Cellular one line. Nobody there. Okay. Thank you so much. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. First of all, you know, first of all, you know, first of all, move you I think. Yes. I think that guy is just really, you know, he thought that was him. So that's why I think you like that much. Wouldn't be surprised. You know, I think you can relate to it. I think you really feel to himself with that. And when a guy's got a friend who's so illiterate he says, I know that guy and he spells no, and oh, what does that tell you? And a apple. Everything you need to know. Yeah. But I was better. I'm dancing guy. Yes. Yeah. One idiot. I don't even know why they people wouldn't even call and talk to that asshole. He was pretty pathetic. One of them. He was, I mean, he's given a sad story in that often. Somebody asked a question. He goes buck wowed on. He goes, why? Buck wowed. Buck wowed. Yeah. Buck wowed. Yeah. Like buck wowed. Buck wowed. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I mean, I mean, you know, I wouldn't even get that guy out of time of that because it's so really. In other words, you wouldn't give my hundred bucks that he need for a couple of meals either. You probably want to eat it down to tell us some expensive fancy restaurant too. You know, I'm going to try to spit out when you give him two things. Good thinking. You know, have a great day. He probably wouldn't even eat it crystal and they got a great crystal over there on Dale, Maibri and Tampa right across from the, um, from Dona tell us this matter. Fact right across down the street little ways. There's a great crystal and you get like 600 burgers for a dollar there, I think. And if Ronnie would just, if he would just, you know, budget his bucks a little bit better. He could probably stretch it out. I'm tired. You know what I'm going to do? The rest of the day, just take your radio, put it by the window. Crank it up as loud as it'll go. If you're in your auto right now, just roll down the windows. Crank it up. They are, I'm telling you, stupid would be the utmost compliment. I could pay to the American people. That would be a tremendous compliment. Stupid ignorant, retarded, mental, mentally deficient, mentally missing, uh, what, what is it? I mean, what can you say? But the guy had a point, Ronnie Bees, sounded like a dodo bird to me yesterday. I had the balls to come on here and beg for food. That was really, by the way, when's our lunch coming? It's here now? What are you pointing at? Starlines ringing. Hello. Hello. Hello. How is that possible? Now, what, what was that? The starline, the Bellsoth mobility line, if you have Bellsoth mobility, just do a test. Okay, like an EBS test. Just pound, don't pound, don't pound it, just star it. Star IoT real quick. It just rang. And then that click was the same click that we would always hear like, uh, the click. Star IoT, baby, if not, then you know that came from the inside that came from Bellsoth mobility. Do you know what I'm saying? What, what is that? What do you like to shake in your head above? I tried to get through on the line today earlier when I was out. I don't know, but it's, but it just happened now, just this moment. Or somebody in this building. It's somebody inside the building? It'd be. No, in the back. I don't think so. I think it's somebody at Bellsoth mobility, dicking around with our phone line. That was very, very interesting. It just rang. It just rang. The god damn thing, just rang. I'm going to tell you right now, you people at Bellsoth mobility, man. Look at Bratzi, he's got a big fish in his vest and he's going to deliver it to you like in a second or two and a plane, uh, wax paper wrapper. We have an open line in date, 751. And uh, it's not, right? It's not evidently still working on the outside, but somebody on the inside, somewhere, what's the word? Is that about the align? That was Jeff. Jeff, who? ponytail. Jeff ponytail. What the hell does he want? We got a radio show to run here. We got an important crisis here in goddamn Jeff Cohen is calling here again to get his name on the air. Bug off. Needle head. What an idiot, man. Just get it. What did he want? Say it's Starline doesn't work. Not the only thing that ain't working, I'll tell you that. Here's Pompatau, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I'll down on the kitchen from Winder, Ontario. Hey, Windsor, hey, how you doing? How's Windsor Raceway going? How's that Marty Adler doing? Up there, Windsor Raceway? Marty Adler is doing fine. I see him on a satellite. I see him on a old satellite every night. Marty Adler still caught a race. He's 100 years old, eh? Yeah, he got divorced last year. Did he really? Yeah. Well he sounds like a star or a post to be honest with you. Because he no winders going great. Are the casinos going good? Are they doing over a million a day? Unbelievable. They're probably killing the track, eh? I is hurting the track. Well it's the brakes. You know, you got to give the public what they want. You got to give them the action. Well I'll ask for sure. Public wants some action, man. Edgio van Arschke is putting up all the grooves in the speaker taking a run at him. So yeah, sort of holding his own there. In what league? He's in the IHL, the AHA, the AHA. Oh, he's a long. All right. And how's the Don Cherry holding up through the middle of all this in Bob Cool and Harry Neal, which by the way those guys are getting paid in case you didn't know that. They got a good contra. They got a hell of a deal. They're getting paid. They're sitting on their ass. It's a great deal. They sure have. Don Cherry's watch for all his old tapes, huh? The in closing. I want to give you the starting line up for the Maple East 4748. A little bit before my time, Palay, but go right ahead. The Oberroco Garth bush on defense. Yeah. Peter Kennedy at center. Foster he went in the gun. Oh, I had flown on the left wing. Foster he went in the gun. Right. Right. And who was on uh, who was on a hot stove league? Oh my god. What's that guy's name that read? What's his name from the Toronto uh from the newspaper read something or other. Come on. Red Fisher. Red Fisher. There you go. Here's a man who knows his hockey. Here's a man who knows something I can't believe. And Bob David's. Yeah, there you go. And John Davis is a American member. Okay. Foster. Foster is making a comeback by the way. They're going to dig him up and bring him back for the 50 game season this year. When down to peaches and brought your best of Neil. Thank you so much. Did that from my grandchildren or send it down to them? Beautiful. So enjoy your show and he just wanted to tell you that. I'll see you at the garden, Zay. Hey. Okay. See ya. Perfect. There we go. One of our old good old Kenok guys. See those Canadians those English speaking. Kenok's there. The good guys. Some of them. But those frogs man look out just uh just burrow a hole in the ground and dive in deep. When those frogs come looking. Now that wasn't you guys dittled around with that starline in there. Was it was not on the inside? Huh? We don't dittle. Yeah. Oh yeah. The here's the guy who played the diddler on Batman himself right in here now. The diddler, the biggest diddler of all. But anyway that was from the outside. That was Bellsauk mobility is parking us. I'll tell you that right now man guaranteed. They are parking this radio station and I personally am thinking right now, filing a massive goddamn lawsuit. I mean if they want to yank the line, that's one thing. If they want to try to censor what we see at the era, what view folks out there say on their phone, then that's another thing. But when they want to start yanking with our emotions here, when they want to start lying to our customers out there in their customers and telling the WIOD we decided to drop the deal and how much they how bad they feel about it and how there are you know really wish that we continue the relationship. They're full of cramp. I'm going to turn it out right now. They make me sick. Not to mention that after your pay or bill on your goddamn cell phone, they're still sending your bills in a mail and they can't get their damn act together anyway. Oh please, it was eight hundred dollars. Well, the bill is paid all well guess what you're right. There's a zero balance. Oh, well please disregard. I disregard this and don't ever connect it again under penalty at death. And by the way, here's Bend Over, here's your phone back. 1131 at your happy station WIOD. We're putting in new phone lines and we're not supposed to know about it. Is that it? They're holding information back again. Steve Nickel in there? You know, this see this is getting to be like a contest instead of being a place where you work together and the powers that be keep you informed of what's happening. I mean, are we going to be upset about that? Of course not. What tell the week here? We're putting in the passion phones. How do you like that? Scourge score? I knew you'd like it. I knew you'd love it. I knew you'd be just spazzing all you'd be spastic. You'd be grabbing yourself in squeeze in all over the place right now. As in. Where do I listen? As in. Neon God. There you go. Oh, yes, he's in there already that bitch. I mean, I'm going to love the goddess of the evening. Aaron. Aaron O'Brah. What does that mean? And I reached by the way, Aaron O'Brah. We know what it means in here. We know what it means. We know what it means in here. We know what it means. That's what it means. Aaron, no bra. But so anyway, there's a seven-digit number on it. Bellsauce and Billy Line. See, we're going to do this on here because I'm tired of being dictorized by Steve Nickel. Steve Nickel. And nobody's name is Steve Nickel. That's what his name is. Forget about that Nickel bags. If I got a new name from Steve Nickel. His best friend's just call him Dick for short. Underline the short part. And yeah, we're getting a new phone lines here, but don't tell all the goes on here. Why not tell a guy's on here? We work here. You stupid bastard. You idiot. You clown. Everything with this guy, man, is a big little, uh, right. And he's in there with Andy. He's got his head so far up his ass that I thought I saw his tonsils popping out. That was incredible. Now, we have these renew of passion phone lines coming in for Orlando and Tampa, where we're going to house for Aaron who's going to be on a night, which why the hell shouldn't she? She's got to have those phone lines if she's going to begin calls from Hornet guys in Orlando, who are down there on, uh, orange blossom trail looking for a stuff that ain't there anymore. That all those good religions closed up all those, uh, booby joints. They did, man. They closed up that town tighter in the drum. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Great. Uh, you're welcome to the home of the big lie, sir. Okay. Well, we, if we had had these people during World War II, they could end it in 1943. I guarantee you're there right now. They could have cut that war off two years early, saved a lot of American lives. They probably could have done it. They know the big lie better in anybody. Even faster with forest gump helping them. There you go. The last callers that you had about, uh, about run building on on on on Philcio. Yeah. There's something. I'm sitting here. I'm hanging out of the sides of this chair. So tight that my hand, their blood is barely flowing. Uh, my wrist. I could see your knuckles turning white. Oh, my great god. And those calls explain why that filmed it $300 million in this country. The dumb relating to the dumb. Oh, man, forest gump. Um, they're all, some of them are calling you. His relatives are calling you must be. I, I, or Michael's relatives in Coconut Creek. Something like that. Uh, forest gump was, um, not entirely unpleasant, but, but it was, it was, you know, like, yeah, it was like eating popcorn. There, you know, when you're done, you say, okay, well, so what? There was nothing to it. The, the, the, the special effects that they did in that film with him talking to President Kennedy and President Johnson. Yeah. Nixon. It was the same thing that Woody Allen did years before in Zellig. And, and Zellig was not one of Woody Allen's great films. Yeah, there you go. Uh, and they did it worse in forest gump because the mouse weren't even moving to the right words. Hmm. So, well, I think you're nitpicking now. Well, yeah, you want like something to look realistic. And like that guy that pseudo-adlect will call before if you're ready to suspend your credibility in the, after life in the, uh, beoverbout, beyond in the, uh, e-thrick and whatever else he was talking about with his mumbo jumbo, then it was a great flick. Well, if you want to suspend belief in real life, just look at what's in Congress. If you want to suspend belief in real life, just look at real life in America, and then you'll suspend it. Exactly. We're just coming to work here, man. And you're just, uh, forget about it. We're in big trouble, Neil. Good luck to West Valley and squeeze that passport tight. See, I'll see you on the upper deck of the 747. Okay. Okay. We have an open line in Dave County, 751 crap. So there's just a whole bunch of little cute stuff going on here. And we've got, we thought the last program director was Davies and Dangerous. This guy, he's the big D, Steve Dickel. They just call him the big D as in Davies, Dangerous and downright, uh, douchebag. How do you like that? You know, instead of just sitting us down and talking intelligently in open on your nose, he was what the hell is going on in here. So now I don't believe anything he says. At this point, his credibility is the big, uh, zero. None. He could say it's Thursday and I'm going to start looking at, it's probably ought to be home watching Monday night football, which is all over by the way. But hey, listen, why don't give it a shot. You might find something good on a dish. Speak out of something good on the dish. Where is that, uh, lovely lunch for getting from across the street. Free. It is free, by the way, isn't it? Because that's all I need is Davies. You talk me in a good lunch and then find out. I'm paying for it. That would be not that I wouldn't, of course, Jason, because you do a hell of a job and, uh, you're starving. Okay, let's continue with these fantastic causes. We work together. This is what I want. This is what we need to do is to get together and work together in a whole hands like those football players and those bowl games. Not, I'll let you know which guys I'm holding hands with. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. For a scum, it's very, very so. So it's not terrible. It's not great. Although the soundtrack is very, very good. Well, that's great. So in other words, I can go on by that. The music at Pitch is not going to go home and listen to it. We're not have to waste my time watching Tom Banks. Right. Speaking of... And dumb people. Don't share it. Um... Yes. What do you think of it? It's thick and it's whole bit about Swedish hockey personal. That's the thing. I think he's great. I love Donchery and yet there's certain things when he gets it. When he gets it, that big homophobic thing. He did that business about Pavelle, Brey and looking at the like unisexualness. What's the finished hockey coach? That's three years ago. He called Elpo. Yeah. What's that one? I know, but he's still funny, Renhello. I like Donchery. I think he's great. He's on my leaf broadcast. And I wouldn't be without him. I miss him desperately. In fact, I'll show you how desperate I am. And I hate to admit this yesterday afternoon. Yeah. I flipped on a tape of game two. The leaf's beat Sen Jose, five to log into the playoff's last year. When that series brought away, they were very lucky. I know Game Six and the puck hit the cross blind. So I thought I'd take a hit the cross bar at overtime. And even Bob Cole says, this guy, I hit the cross bar. He started a college goal. But they did it. You know, didn't go in. I'm a big half stand. You all started tell you. Oh, Jesus. And this is a... Huh? Saturday on CBC. I think they're going to show the seventh game of the games, Bruin, 279. That's again the cost on Cherie has his job in Boston. Yeah, 20 memory. I said overtime. Yeah. Oh, really? He said, I can't see me. He said, wait, I can't. It's going to be all what time. I think it'll crawl. I can't even count it off. Oh, no, it's going to be Danny Gallivan's going to be doing it. All right. Oh, my God. Never played. You don't have to. Sure, you have made my life. I cannot believe it. It's been around. CBC on a satellite Saturday night. You know what really pisses me off? How come, like the Inescent with the Bruins? They've been showing old Bruins games and sports channels. How come the CBC on a Saturday. It's instead of showing these these stupid old movies because they're losing their ass. They were supposed to have the double headers this season. We had the lockout. But how come they're not showing a lot of these great old games? I don't know. He wouldn't really. Danny Gallivan. I have no idea. I mean, man, I mean, I would be glued to that center. At least my VCR would be gluein on it. I don't have a satellite there for a father's time and that all the stuff is going to be on this Saturday. Well, that's great. I'm going to get some of the highlights on here for you on Monday. Great. And by the way, Red Fisher is not trying to sport. He's with the much yellow good. I know that, but he used to be on the hot stove league. Right. He's the normal writer by the heat duct. Who was the Toronto guy that used to be on? Are you not old enough to know that? Was it often hot stove league? Yeah. Was it Frank Warmae, maybe? No. Was it Neil Young's father's guy, Yang? Scott, Yang. Yeah. He's a Toronto, Toronto little bit of mail. Is that what it is? Yeah, he is the father of Vanilla Young. There you go. Well, nobody's perfect. Anything else at all? I'll go holly. Or I think he was. I'll work on it. Yeah, like Jeff De Forest. Okay. Thanks a lot, Ava. Have a great life. Goodbye, bye. See ya. See ya at the Maple Leaf Gardens. See. Oh, that's great news. They're going to have the Bruins of Canadian's on there. Don Cherie behind a bench. I wonder if they're going to have him on a telecast making Alipaz. He's great. I love Don Cherie. I don't care if he is like very uptight in the home of four. But he gets all in act anyways. A funniest hell guy. He probably would like a date with Pavel Buri. He'd probably like to be Pavel Buri. And why not? We have an open line on the purple line at Pavel and I O.D. His Bob Prince would say, and why not? If he were alive to say it, see all the great sports casters are dead. And what do we get? We get Harry Cowellist. Hey, oh, Tita, I can't get over that. I can't get over the fact that you people accept the idea that Harry Cowellist is alive. And on the years somewhere, how is that possible? The man is off speed. He's got like a tape inside his learnings that it just keeps stretching and stretching. One day it's going to break right on the year. He's at the third year, the 20. And that'll be it. What are you doing in here? Steve, what are you talking about? Oh, wait a minute. Here we go. It's a good thing that I found that little bird under the door that whispered my ear that hummingbird that was humming. Oh, not Adam. It wasn't that. It said, it wasn't. I think it might have been. Because Adam don't want to get himself in trouble with the PD. Does he? Again. Well, he's Andy. See, Andy won't leave any room in there for Adam's nose anymore. Neon. That's the problem. Neon. He was always first in line with his nose away up here in the rectal region. But now Adam is just a second on the list. Andy's in there. He's just morning new to night. Papa, Papa, Papa, Papa, let's lick, let's lick, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, that's stuff. He gets in his licks, man. 610, WIOD, no one can lick us, but it feels good when they try. Neon. God. Today's fast-paced world holds it chair of headache. Hey, there's a thumb-print on this report. Don't get it. Oh, yes sir. Got a problem? Uh, no sir. I'm under some pressure, huh? Yeah, I feel like my head's going to explode and ask for him doesn't do anything. Oh, here, take some. I've you, Proface. I've you, Proface. I've you. I'll try anything. I dirty rotten stuff. I'll put up. The thing he's talking to. I don't make it little. Do we don't report? Feel better? Yeah, what the idea? You Proface. Well, nothing we could admit to on the radio except our secret ingredients through them all. Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have about saying what's on your mind. Oh, here comes your boss. Look, I want this report done even if you have to work through your lunch hour. Okay? Well, then I'm not what are you going to get off your do some work around here. Oh, I see you take, I'll be Proface. Yeah. I take it too. You lazy pieces. Oh, no, you're not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. I'm not getting it. You're only a indirect. Okay, we got something new and exciting here for you. We got a couple of because we do have a lot of people online. This will come in very handy for you. When we have these deadlines now, Jason, did you see these are deadlines? 7 5 6 11 02. If you dial it up right now, you can be a moment in history. And of course, we're not supposed to know about these are we. But Steve Ziggler and he did not tell me the number, but of course, it doesn't take a brain surgeon to figure out. 7 5 6 11 02. If there's anybody in date who will dial that dial at number immediately, let's see if it's going to work. Okay? Is it hooked up to it? Must be hooked up with the dial tone is on here. It must be a functioning at the junction line. 7 5 6 11 02 and date. I don't see nothing happening. Do you? Wait a minute. What the hell just happened there? What is that? It's a passion for maybe this hooks you in with the 900 line. What's going on here? It sounds like a fart ring. Then I hate those fart rings. What is that? I'll see before. And it's happening on the other one too. Maybe they're dealing with it back there. Even though Steve Ziggler said he doesn't did all their Dylan right now, but I'll keep that number handy. It's good to know. Let's go on to a plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I don't. Great. Good to hear it. All right, take care. Okay, guys. Talk to you. There's a guy just totally blew it. He just couldn't handle it. Just to drop the phone and he's apparatus at the same time. I think it may have been swinging on it right now. Open line and Broward 5 2 4 9 4 6 3. As we have more duplicity and all kinds of devious stuff going on here, it's beautiful. Just hand me over the check and say goodbye. That's all I say. Miami. Hello. Hey, what's up? How are you doing sir? I'm listening for a time call. All right. Just wanted to say that. Oh, right. That's been to the Phil Henry. So yes, they what about to dumbasses. Isn't it? I'm telling you, I don't know what to say anymore. I really don't know what to say about these people that have left me speechless. You know, it felt just took that first call or when she was given the phone around the baby, hard time. We need to sit around with it. Yeah. It was just hilarious. And then I mean, even now, even today and I went through that whole spill about how embarrassing it was. Now, many stupid people are and I get like a whole bunch of these people go, oh, they ran Benning. Did he was so stupid? I didn't. And he was so pathetic. And he made such a full of himself. Why didn't they get rid of the sooner? What are we talking about here? And it's like the people that you have listened today. They still believe it was Ronnie B. So be on a shadow of a dog. All right. Now well, good talking here. And have a real life. All right. See in a real world. All right. If we ever find it, we have an open line in date 751 WIOD. There's that fart phone again. Wait a minute. Oh, I like that. One moment please. Maybe we should have taken a foot similar. I love it. Okay. We'll work on that thing. By the way, when we get that number ready at 7561102, let's go to West Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. For his dump, the greatest movie in the history of mankind. Not to the uh, okay. Well, two or two for one on that deal. All right. Gump runs with junk. Yeah. I think it's like a cartoon for old people. Gump rhymes who rhymes with dump as then you have to take one immediately if not sooner. It's just a stupid movie for us to put people like this is what you're trying to say. Not that I want to put words in your mouth, but it sounds like that. It's like a cartoon and there's no substance. There's no plot but nothing to figure out. It's basic, it's garbage. Well, an imperfect American movie then. Kind of like a slice to lawn movie. I'll teach it the other day and I picked up your best of. Yes, sir. And they have your names go wrong. On what? On the seal slip, best of Neil R. O. G. E. Yeah. Best of Neil Roo which in French I think means like Roo. Yeah. You were doing real well till you got into this and you're asking about bra for old for old bra Mia for forever. Aaron O'Brah. Yeah. As in keep on that bra for or keep off the bra for whoever is that to do forever forever. And if I finally start sagging real bad. Can I shamelessly go request shamelessly and closing what is he want here? Can I think on for a crime brief? Okay hang on. We have an open line in date. See and he's talking about the people on the fill Henry show you then and I just made that anybody who's got a brain knew that I was just kidding. We're not giving away anything. They George has got them all locked away in a prize as and George is not here today because some little kid down the street who once had a birthday party with his daughter has got a head cold and so he's taken a well deserved day off today and what can I say? We have an open line on that green line 1-800-944-9463. How does it feel to be totally uninvolved up there in Palm Beach County? It'd be so aloof and so distant from the real meat and potatoes of what this area is all about. Here's the four-lautordale. Hello. Yes sir. Four is tough with great. Yeah. And so it's perfection. What? So it's perfection I have to do with it. I just thought I'd throw that in. But who cares about that? Colin Phil. He's the one that talks about pulp fiction. It was great. I don't give a fine crap about pulp fiction. Right by what? Stargrass. Yeah. You saw what? Oh fiction. What about for the dump? For it's gump was the greatest movie of all. This must be Michael and Coconut Creek. Yeah. Yeah. Get out of here Mike. We have an open line on the blue line. We'll just let the other we already said that in the facts. See there's another chronic guy we got to start watching this guy. Cannot control his bodily functions. Keeps repeating the same things over and over and over. We already know that you believe that. Okay. We've had several other people and you said that everybody in the world who saw it thinks it's the greatest damn thing since sliced alava and you're wrong baby. You are wrong. Baby as Dick Fytel would say and if he ever says it again we're going to get him because he's nauseating. Yeah baby. Look at that baby. Oh Jesus. What kind of a world are we coming to? Man when Dick Fytel and Harry Callos can both be alive. Here's a homestead. Hello. I just want to let you know that I was one of those lucky few that were in the grove when you were doing that remote. Do you and the three others? Yeah and it was Lonnie Anderson who really when I thought you're absolutely right. Oh you see I was trying to forget about the bird Reynolds part. I blocked that out of my mind. When I saw her dying at that mall you felt you thought of me. I thought of you and we laughed and we laughed. They even hired extra security guards for and they just and they went on and on about her dying. But the good news is she was dying. She was dying. She was dying. Reveworse than I was. She was making big announcements. I mean she was sitting right in the middle of a mall with a lot of people in there. I was sitting there like in a broom closet on a more eye. Everybody was asleep. You're right. She was dying worse than you were. Much worse. I felt much better about my life. Not my little bit. I felt a lot better for him too. Yeah, but you did. It was the worst. And by the way, fourth come. So there you go. If anybody should know you're the expert. Right. Okay. I talk to there. Say hi to Julio. We have an open line in the day. Day 7 5 1 W I O D. Once that lunch getting here I don't want to start getting pushy Jason. But one of those wonderful people in a bitch car with a with lunch. Huh? What time did you talk to them? About 20 minutes ago. 20 minutes ago. She was out. She just got there. Oh listen, if you folks are going to make it, you've got to know how to get on top of these things and get us the free food we all early. And we'll give you a great plug. And then tomorrow also in case George is for daughter's friend down in Street is still sick tomorrow. We got lunch from Reggaetonis coming tomorrow. More Italian food. So we're going to be just loaded with great Italian. There'd be like a little Italian in me by the end of this week. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. No, I'm in Miami. Well close enough. Mr. Rogers. In Miami. This is nerve-shendler is it? No sir. He's the only other person I ever heard is that my Emma. Well I've lived in Miami Beach, Miami. I've lived in Miami all my life. In Miami where? Yeah, mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Mama. Do you speak? Uh sir. The National Enquiry did say that a lot of people who did watch for us go back to believe that the character existed. Uh, with you know, the movie was a good American movie. I do, uh, I do feel there are a lot of, you know, people out there who just were ignorant of history. Now are these also people who talked to Juan Bennington on a film. And we show you yesterday. Probably a lot of the same ones. Yeah. I've listed the Ronin Ronin occasionally. The important. Yeah. It was sad. I mean, yesterday him, uh, you know, get to the point we had to beg for money. No, what's sad? I know. Did you hear the show? Parts of it. I was in and out all day. Yeah. And you heard Ronnie on a phone error, uh, laying it out. Money. He sure, uh, unleashed his whole heart at the whole deal. The name. Boy, was he awarded put us heart right honestly? Yeah. We said because it was a good program and, uh, and basically the man takes to be in the desperate position right now. I would say desperate. Desperate. Desperate position. Yeah. Uh, any chance that any of his money that he gets donated to your campaign can be, uh, forwarded to him. We might siphon a little bit off for him. That was the, that, you know, an act of kindness. Yeah. The true work. And in fact, if we ever get our new total in here, if Cheryl ever decides to, a stop with her imperious, uh, bull crap up front with the office. And come back, make a phone call, get us the new total on there. We might have like a little little us bill over for Ronnie. It was interesting that the enquire also said that a lot of people actually believe that the Godfather, the movie, yeah. The movie, the Godfather said a lot of people actually believed that that was the fact of his historical character. Only wasn't. And how about how about Batman? No, sir, that that was a cartoon. Super Superman. A cartoon character. Yeah. How about Rocky? Now Rocky, Rocky Del Vola. Rocky was actually based on on a mythical figure though, but it was loosely tied to a Rocky Marquillano. How about Rocky Gratziano? No. Rocky Marciano? Yes, sir. Yeah. And what about the Godfather? Wasn't he loosely tied to some of the Dons? Don of Meachie? I believe actually they took a phone. El Capone? Yes. Muddle. Yeah. Okay, have a great day, pal. And say how to Ronnie be. Oh my God. We have an open line in date, 751. It's going to get better. Please tell me it's going to get better. Please say something to make me feel like it's worth doing. Where's lunch by the way? Boy, these people, I'm Tonya, they make everything to order everything from scratch. I'm sure it's going to be phenomenal. What am I getting by the way? Did you give me the menu back? I don't think you did by the way, just I just did you? He's still got it in his hand and the menu too. Here's a pop in a hello. All right, Neil. What is this? I'm hanging by my fingernails. I'm back in town two weeks. And waitin' to hear what happened to Randy and nobody's talked. Well, well, I can't talk about it every day. She's been gone for months now. She's on WJNO and Palm Beach. In fact, she's going to be on right after the news from noon to three every day. And she's dying a wicked death up there, but she was smart enough and had the big, uh, Collins to tell these people. Well, there's some risk and call pound IOD at no charge. Now, the new Roger show on news talking entertainment radio, 16 WIEOD. But I'm tired of the same boring old community in Wafers at holiday mass. Open white, and prepare to receive thy Savior. Oh, geez, father-al-malley, wait for the game. And now Billy, this isn't just any way for it's not. No, through the divine miracle of transubstantiation, I've turned this ordinary wafer into the divine blessed body of Christ. Why does a body of Christ have to taste so yucky? Spice up your next communion with new Christaroni. Christaroni is a special blend of rice, spices, and seasonings, plus a bit of the body of Christ in every fluffy forkful. And Christaroni cooks up perfect every time, as he should. Hmm, can I have some more Christfather? That's Christaroni, Billy. Amen to that. Christaroni, the transubstantiation treat. 1207 WIEOD. So I'm looking at this thing right next to the urine, summer's peace in the sun settled this morning. The Lion King outdone for a dump, okay? The Lion King done how much? $300.4 million. The year's highest gross in film. And for his dump, total sales of total 98.5. Well, if I didn't see the Lion King, which was number one, why don't I go see forest gum, which was number two. And interview with a vampire, which was around 100 million. Why would I want to see that? Which I would not. Poll fiction became the boutique operations highest grossing release ever. That's a Disney on art movie distributor, Mirramax films. $64 million topping the company, peaks said by the crying game. See, everything in this country is like, it's like the college football pull mentality. We're number one. No, we need number one. Well, who gives a crap? See, then make any difference. Like I said yesterday, I mean, MIT don't have a football game, and yet I would say they're a far superior institution of higher learning than say maybe Nebraska or the University of Miami, if you're part in that horrendous expression on my part. And the same thing with this, because it's the highest grossing movie of the year, or maybe even of all time, don't make it good. And in fact, probably it's just like a rosanding number one. Or like Bill Cosby used to be number one, and you couldn't find anybody black or white, whoever watched that show. But it was number one in a ratings every week. Because Americans believe that you're supposed to say you watch the goddamn Bill Cosby show, who the hell ever watched the Bill Cosby show? And who the hell ever heard of a family like the damn Huxtables, whoever heard a black people named Huxtable anyway? Was there an anferney Huxtable? I don't think so. Was there a Marfka's, and a Huxtable? There was. Okay, we have a couple of open lines. They're both in Brown County, 5249463524 W. I would be. But see, that's the way things work. I like this. Therefore, you must agree with me. Why can't we have a difference of opinion? You like forest gum. It's like in Fatsauic's, you love bread. I like bread. I don't want so much bread. Okay, cut the crap with the bread, Dom. And the same is true here. I don't want Tom Hanks. I can't, can't even look at Tom Hanks. He makes me physically ill. nauseating. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. We can stop, speaker. Bill. Yeah. I had a, I had a, uh, look, a dangerous trip there back to the phone. Yeah. I fell off a little apparatus. I wonder if the phone company has insurance to cover that just in case I sure hope so. Oh, I doubt it. It's, uh, it's pretty, pretty pretty large thing. A big thing. Yeah. Oh, huge thing. So I had, uh, had a dream about, uh, forest gum. Yeah. Last night. Forest stump? Yeah. Sure did. Well, no, wasn't a stump. It was, uh, you'd be surprised. I would be. I guess. I'd be shocked. Well, sort of shocked. Maybe mildly amused. But, uh, we would like me to tell you about the dream. About the dreamer, the movie. No, the dream. I didn't see the movie. There's something we can discuss if we have to wait for Erin Summers on Monday night. Uh, I'm going to call her and tell her about it too. Really? Yeah. I heard her little thing the other man. I thought that was, uh, a melt. You heard her little thing? Well, me and I own God. There's her little thing right there. It shows sounds very interesting. She's so birthday. I love it. She's right now. Very broad of breathing going on. Oh, yeah. I guess, uh, breathing. Like the 900 phone lines. That's why it's, uh, did you see the thing? Are you in, you're in the where? Oh, you're in date. You wouldn't see the sun sentinel. Yeah. The article in the paper this morning has their big picture, not the best picture, but not too bad. And underneath her picture, it says phone sex. Yeah. Really? Yeah. And how big is it? Uh, you just call up and you don't have to pay for anything, right? That's right. This is like a 900 number only for free. Oh, why? How do you like that? So you can do like a lot of anyone does involved in everything. Oh, yeah. Call up and say, oh, it's a real, real, God. There you go. She pretends to be like real intellectual about it, but she's breathing hard. Well, uh, the penis is a really, very interesting organ. You know, that kind of interesting organ. Very interesting. It's a very, uh, hot topic. It is. Well, sometimes. Well, yeah. You know, when it's, uh, when you're getting back to forest, stump, yeah, my dream, the dream that I had about him. Yeah. Well, you know, I was just kind of a sentuous dream. Mm-hmm. Adam sort of bent over, uh, you know, that fishing boat. Yeah. Yeah, the commercial. Ben over the boat. And I was this, uh, a freighter or a forest gum. Of course. I think this is freighter and the fishing boats. You guys can't, they always keep coming back to the Godfather. Maybe you got it so ingrained in your mind and I can't play. No, that was he doing a few Hail Mary's at the time. Oh, yeah. I believe that he was probably saying Father O'Too. Oh, yeah. Just before the big one struck you. Yeah, the net reformer. I bet they were who's fantastic. Okay. Well, let's go back to it and they're giving Aaron a big kiss for us. We have an open line in date on passion for our own junior. Let's do our own sex show here to help with all this other of this crazy bitch. I mean with this wonderful Aaron. Neon God. Aaron, no bra. She will lie by the way. She will be wearing very scatty silk panties and no bra during the show. Let's say promise. I have a word here. Of course, that's another thing when I supposed to let that out of the bag either. So to speak. Open line in date 75 one one and Broward five two four how those other lines doing. And I see you know what they did. I think they unleashed those until she starts on Monday because we did the undouable and I gave the number out of the end. Now that'll probably try to change the number. It won't make any difference what they do because you can always find out what the number is. As long as they're operating lines, now can they disconnect those during the day to try to stick it to us because that would be really wrong. Because we got a lot of people up there in Orlando like in the Kassimi. Oh, here us. On sixth and during the daytime who are like real loyal listeners listening through all the AM. Like that. And all the you know the noise from the power lines and on just barely stabbing crackling and poplar and you know they're just they want to hear our crap. But boy wouldn't that be something if they start calling those lines during the daytime and building up a gigantic bill which is probably what this whole bell-south mobility thing is all about. I wouldn't be at all surprised. Didn't they say that they were going to be three passion phone lines? Isn't that what Adam oops somebody said? Like Adam? Hey, he deserves it man. He had his head so you can see the tracks from his neck where Andy's got his head right now. Here's deer field. Hello. All right. All right. I'm through. All right. You're through. How she hasn't even come on here yet in this guys through already. All right. Yeah. Really. That was quick. That was quick. Listen these night time soap properties are driving me insane such as 9021 blow. Yeah models for think. And what else have we got there? Right. Oh, no rose place. Oh yeah. Monday and Wednesday. How many fags on that Melrose place man? Too many guys. Too many guys. They're not doing each other yet. They just they're just beat your audio bush. I'll tell you what though. Now this is what I'm thinking. That guy you got working for you. Does it mean George or is it Jorge? Jorge? Jorge? He's a make-believe speaker. He sounds like he is a shot-stabber. Is that true? What do you mean by that? I mean he's got a little bit of a squishy sound to him. George you're a crazy man. You're a dreamin. Not even close. If there's a 10 on the straight scale, he's a 12. Is he? Trust me. Does he get some or what? Does he get some what he's married for crying a lot? Is he gets some maybe once one to hear you? Well the fact that he's married doesn't prove that he's straight now very not a friend. I don't know who he's married to. He's married to a very attractive much taller than he is a young lady named Crystal who is knockout. Well that sounds good. Crystal thought that was good as it is. Very ample hooters too, by the way. Oh okay. In the right place where they belong. The fact that he's so much shorter it makes for a very interesting relationship. Well listen have a great day. These guys are all getting worked up for Monday man. They can't wait for the air air in Nobrah. Oh my god. She's done that. Then I heard Phil doing that right now. T-Dia yesterday and somebody put the line in there about how air in uh did something with her massive hooters and Neil uh I was out there in a parking lot drove up and I was yelling uh some hysterical. I mean why would I be yelling about air in his hooters? What does that mean? Good. That's like the guy that wants to welcome me back to the Dolphin. Sorry Greg. Forget it. Switchful thinking. Open line and date. One in Broward and the green line. The screen line I'm telling you right now man here's your last opportunity. This is it. Take it now or forever hold it. 1-800-9-449-463 or this is gonna roll over none of the one of those trifectal lines just like those other two the passion phone lines and you're gonna be SOL baby you're gonna be on the outside peeking in. 1-800-9-444 this is my last effort. Boca Del Ray Beach. I know you're there man. I know that you're dying to a part here we go crank W-I-O-D. I told ya there you go the big belchian boca that's what it's all about. They're blowing it in boca. Come on 1-800-9-444-9-463 we want to hear from somebody in boca who wants a free prize. Here we go W-I-O-D. You want a prize? Pardon? What do you want? I want to talk to Neil about four scum. Okay speaking. Oh is this Neil? Yeah. Yeah hey. Tom Hanks stopped four scum movie was actually pretty good. Oh so in other words if they wouldn't have had a real actor and there might have been great. Exactly you know real quick I'll just tell you I didn't see Philadelphia. Oh God forbid no way. I saw fixed up his Oscar because that was the movie that made him lose his mind that fell out even after that and when he did the Oscar thing he's become he's just he's nuts he's just crazy. Exactly and when I thought after I threw up and then I saw the previews for four scum I thought not another short-haired Tom Hanks movie. Yeah that's quite disgusting. He was you know he was fine in those silly movies like the one with a mermaid whatever the whole of the name of that scum would wax. Flash a splash whatever that one. That was cute it was okay it had its moments and that that's the level that Tom Hanks should be operating and he's not a serious actor and he never will be. I agree the early Saturday night live stuff you know that kind of thing was Tom Hanks. I mean it would be like trying to have the godfather with Marlon Brando's role played by Jim Kiri you know what I'm saying? Jim Kiri is great at being a goofball he's very good at that. Although I take that back because he was good in that movie doing time on April drive where he played the alcoholics son. Yeah that was pretty that was made for TV movie that was okay. But I mean he just he still wouldn't cut it as the odd father you know I'm saying it just wouldn't let me also just say though that the movie itself though really Tom Hanks didn't have that much to do with it and it was really a movie about I'm 40 years old and it was about times uh you know in the past that it was a story of that human nature and it really about you know the character force come to happen to be there also let me just quickly say to all the assholes who keep calling you and talking about uh uh Ron what's his name that was on so had Ron Bennington yeah Ronnie B. How can these people be so bad in stupid but aren't you isn't this a real eye opener for you though? How can you keep our house and even some of the ones that I'm discussing that with during the course of the guy and I don't think they're putting anybody on including me even some of them are saying I heard it it was he was really a pathetic and I'm in various form no don't tell him don't do it if they haven't figured it out by now don't do it okay well then he was pretty he was pretty weak wasn't he didn't you feel embarrassed for Ronnie you're in back to you yeah yeah I thought he was just unabashedly shameful with that thing about the begging for money and he has neat and a good solid meal in 10 days and I mean they are still on here like hit or nine markets and I just don't understand how a man could grovel so badly and do all that crap but hey we sure don't want to get those around and Ron people up so because they tend to be very very thin skin and have a very you know lack much of a sense of humor which if you're the show you'd already be aware of that and I see our fantastic lunches here today which we appreciate so profusely and here she is wait a minute finally after hours and hours of begging and pleading to wonder both her husband's ran out screaming and just uh oh my god how many hours can you beg and scream and yell and please her princess of denial neon kind Aaron Summers Jr. with a slightly larger ass slightly smaller paycheck paycheck I said much smaller paycheck as our new total okay 87,000 403 thank you so much Cheryl and thanks to our piezon from across the street which I better get the thing out and give them a gigantic plug I bet you guys have just been dying for us to order food from across right and a couple pre which is right across from Wiod and channel 7 right across the street here Cheryl you were there and it was very good wasn't it and it's here right now we're gonna like pick out right on the air and thank you so much sir okay and we'll be calling on you again of course on the day of your daughter's wedding okay that's beautiful are you gonna unwrap that for me Cheryl are you just gonna you are that's why you're unwraping no that's a sheathen headlet I don't want to keep you from your appointed rons you have some soup also zupa zupa Damon astron zupa de pasta fuzzule all right excellent so I got that thing for you by the way Cheryl I'm so delighted that you're here almost okay hey listen we don't care because the management is lying through their teeth to us about all sorts of things were used to that and Steve Dickle is in there just doing his thing and he's got his head all way up to his armpit already here's Miami and the purple line hello pretty good sir for some was not a bad movie not bad pretty good but my bad doesn't sound like you know you go back and see it over and over again well it was it was a shameless attempt at manipulating your emotions you know that sympathy for the underdog kind of thing right but still it was a good movie okay um I have I had other things to call about but please no I don't want listen I'm not spending four hours and for his dump you know no no no no no no I the thrust of my call what is this for right that on the air you can only say it on the air and summer sure no on god I want to do a project for what I the show you were doing with default we're giving away the tickets yeah I call up with a lame thing about people growing 200 thousand square feet of skin from an infant for skin yeah that was pretty lame it was it was extraordinarily lame how did they do it by the way well they grow them on on a tree plastic plastic grid on the forest can tree yeah on the forest tree or life and yeah I was pretty embarrassed about that so I'm trying to cleanse my soul if you wouldn't have said that we would have forgotten all about it because it was very forgettable moment if you just slid right on with it just like we do on a show well it occurred to me like that you know you really only need if you had two of those things you could get rose and a whole new look there you go if I had two of those things I'd be busy have a great day paling and closing yes I had a little something from Phil and rain Brian Cox to close out the golf yeah yeah yeah if you saw smart to spend this belief okay that bad okay do we have what is that no I don't want 85 oh I see in other words he brought a bunch of different things is that what you're telling me look at Jason's face just lit up like a Hanukkah bush or the stuff mushrooms I'll have a couple of those because I that was my but do we have I don't care what you want you can have one but do we have you tensile see I'm not gonna eat this with my fingers oh there they are right there well I'm getting a little psychotic here because it looks so damn good now what is this rigatoni allah allah and a capri oh mama meah oh this is oh let me get that manual out again and give me another plug because we want them to stay in business and a capri fine Italian cuisine by the bay they're 14 average JFK caused by across the street from our station and this is dynamite and we got beautiful crab meat stuffed mushrooms and Jason's standing and everyone doing what am I gonna get some of that stuff I tell you what Jason mom we're good and ready that's when you'll get some of this stuff oh you don't have to stay in there do what George does get a plate did you get out of there you come in here and get a plate and um ladle some of your own here well here put it back over on that side so we can get some of this then all you can have whatever you want there's enough here for the Chinese army and it's hot Jesus God excuse me we still didn't do the first break yet to started we let's do it right now no just just a little joke we got plenty of time relax we have no business because the sales department is here's Miami on a purple line hello speaking you want what he yeah get out of here what do you ask all that was what he just in case you didn't recognize the voice there's a guy who cannot recognize cannot change his voice no matter what because basically when you've got a big one you are a big one isn't that good stuff um rigatoni allah and a cupree mom mama that's a tight and that is delicious rhymes with we have an open line in Broward 524946 read how's that other line doing huh that working now there's still see they still didn't that thing up and the line too because they don't want us to be able to use it and they're like they're playing with us they're yanking us around see all the newcomers man first it was Phil feel gets 200,000 tickets to give away to the damn a playoff game we get one or two pair and they throw us a little bomb feel gets 400,000 games for the tickets to give away to the Super Bowl we're not gonna get none then we got Aaron Summers comes in here now of course Aaron being the god of neon god he's got 75 private lines he can speak to everybody from Orlando to a nice build to Memphis Tennessee to Boston all over the goddamn country not for those assholes that work in her who've been there too long if you've been here more than six months you're out okay you're out you're old head just to hang on pick up your check and speaking of check where's my goddamn paycheck Sharon here's my any hello hey Neil yes sir I called that number that you said that new number and you know they answered the phone they said yes and I said this is a WIAD they said no you know like this I'm sorry I hung up really yeah how the hell is that possible I don't know what they got a wrong number but this is the reason why I called I'm usually in agreement with you but everyone's the while you want to have a little verbal intercourse I guess they did that about Hank Goldberg I'm sorry yeah and managed after looking the managed you know about a year you know I like him I think he's out of a lot for the color but I think when he first came in he did more analyzation or an organization whatever and analyzing yeah analyzing I you know if I wanted to hear somebody saying yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah exactly if I wanted to hear that I'd listen to your show but you know I think it's great it needs you need some kind of uh uh uh rye rye rye rye rye rye rye it's a kind of spirit but you also need some kind of an organization which which is why I used to listen to why I still listen to the uh the dolphin flucce and why I like to the dolphin flucce and lately I've been doing back to the TV you know because they've been telling me a little bit more about the plays and the entire player yeah but that's why they keep working on it to make sure lamp please doing a game on TV so you turn back to radio yeah I think you're uh Zimfer uh Zimfer flucce Zimfer uh is uh an improvement over weaver late oh my god you gotta be kidding me well if anybody was embarrassing it was Zimfer losing it which I might even be about forced to play that call again on that interception you know managed uh there was no excuse he went out of control but to have the play by play guy lose control at the same time well it sounded like a simultaneous uh disaster to me you're me out on this you know a weaver was I'm here and weaver was good you know he was with you a lot of years but it was last two years you know he was in coherent but at least he had a lot of him yeah but he still had that certain timber that totally like he's talking okay uh he could make it a day yeah where is weaver he is in on clear streets right now okay weaver sounded depressing but my rink is life was depressing a lot of personal problems and you know I'm hoping he's happy you didn't have a lot of person he had a one personal problem his wife but died a horrible death of cancer he was sick for a very long time yeah so but even before she was sick he was a very morbid man he was not he was not a pleasant guy well to say the least I think I think the boy has nothing to do with his broadcast ability you don't have to be an ice guy to do a great job in the booth anyway zimper's improvement and managed to get back a little bit to analyzing and one shameless request yes no you we're that's good you play the cat fell in the well pussy in the well yeah I don't want to say that why not well pussy cat fell in the well well my cat isn't here she's on an application but she's well she's coming back okay okay see yeah yeah yeah and he calms in the other room telling off after a straightie was uh session with the program director Steve Dickle in air it's 12 we can do two breaks this hour there's nothing on the long 12 28 at W i o d 40 16 w i o d if your friends don't listen get new friends so Andy says you better be fap if you're gonna suck around with Steve Dickle it's 12 31 at W i o d we got an open line in date counting I'm a little bit to porked off about that right now tell you we've been discussing the ins and the outs the pseudo-intellectual aspects of force and his dump which quite frankly who cares you know we went from monox period to the other I was just hoping we get a couple of people who hated it and we did and then this guy and Mike who started the thing with his fax yesterday well you see Mike at least I was man and up to read your thing on a year and discuss this at great length and guess what some people liked it some people didn't some people thought it was great some people thought it sucked in some people uh they don't care uh this child is great how's alazanya thumbs up Jason says it is all freaking some awesome that's right you said it is excellent they're on and this rigatoni ala and a capri delisioso the best I mean the very best by test and it's got even telly's all kinds of like fresh stuff in here like little slight little pieces of pepper and tomato and oh mama me it's great and whatever happened to that whatever happened to the stuff mushrooms that I never got any of by the way there are they in here that Cheryl was poshking around with her little a jewish hands on boy she is dangerous that one I'd say that right now she is devious and dangerous we have a lot of people in this building that's the new deal the dnd guy guys boys thank you so much you can answer this you want any you sure okay it's a little bit too rich for Jason it's a little bit out of his um out of his scale disgusting to eat and salivate on here it's been so long since I've done this and I'm pretty proud of it but man does not live by forest stump alone you know what I'm saying stuff my a mushroom with crab meat and just delicious and I'm sure as rich as the day is long as in fat rich here's Hollywood hello hey hello yeah box of chocolates yeah the new one is mine box of chocolates yeah okay let's get to the meat of the matter cut the crab anyways these guys you probably don't like forest dumps probably because the death of paid what quarter million dollars to get into is it is that what it was and then after that they probably lost the date okay up a line in date 751 what a goofball good call though hmm man she I'm gonna eat too much now and I'm gonna feel real bad about it later as in big time but it's worth it now up a line in Broward 524 Wild and we haven't had very many women here today which I have no idea why they're waiting for him summers to come on so they can pretend it's not listening and believe me they will be they will be especially all the bulldoche I mean all the here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale hello hi how are you today? hey good um I wanted to step for a stump I haven't seen so I can't form an opinion good let's forget about it okay well what I wanted to step was the newscast at 10 o'clock this morning and there was something about a guy with a smashed penis and I didn't hear the story why can't imagine how you would get your testicles between the toilet bowl and the rim and can crush them imagine you know the position you have to put your body into to do that part of your life it is just the course between the toilet rim and the other is the lid and the bowl itself yes well maybe he knows father or tool god I just could maybe he was like an annealing position in other words maybe he had like a a tough night on a town and was heaving his guts out it was like I don't know I don't know they they say he did it intentionally he did it intentionally he did it intentionally to get injured so that he could be taken to the hospital escape from the hospital that that's helped us where he was that's with the correction officer oh I see I know this was an inmate he wasn't inmate and the correction officer that was talking about him said that he intentionally injured himself so that he could go to the hospital well I got this for I can take a lot of other parts of my body that I would rather injured than uh you know what I'm saying yeah when he said he was a very desperate man I guess that's that's for a she's more than he would maybe he'd like to be a desperate woman maybe that could his work and he's more desperate now maybe he's doing a little do it your yourself a dealer maybe it's a wrong pull peel job well they keep saying that these guys have got to be in the area you have to be really stupid to stay in the area right now wait a minute now I'm getting confused is this one of the guys that was the escapees right uh huh yeah the escapee with the wounded peepies that what is it uh huh yeah I'm the tunneled out so in other words if you're looking for these guys you have one of no doubt is like walk in kind of in lurching instead like walking upright and he wrecks no question about it so be pretty easy to spot that I just couldn't imagine I couldn't tell them how you would get yourself well knowing how impressionable our audiences are guaranteed that by the end of the weekend there'll be at least 20 30 guys out there that that do a little experimentation well I sure made my day listen to that guy talk about it I was really something so because I didn't hear the story I was busy putting all my stuff together here and Rick Rally turned around and he said what do you get think about this beautiful thing and I hadn't heard the story well have a great day you're near and back to you by open line at Broward 524 this chow is great it isn't good it's great mmm and tomorrow we got another great detaining restaurant so probably George's uh daughter and law or whoever that is Jason's gonna send some poison over there so we can get another free lunch tomorrow from Rick at Tony's which is kind of interesting because I'm eating Rick at Tony now as I speak I find that very fascinating don't you find that fascinating you do not find that fascinating well I don't give a crap whether you find it fascinating or not I find it somewhat interesting and I can't get my damn focus on the thing mmm mmm mmm mmm cooked al dente just to perfection here's a lady in Miami hello how are you doing oh pretty good I would talk to you in a long long time why not I'm working and basically uh they had a semblance of a life well they allowed us to talk about the radio's as a first to the year so I'm gonna be listening now right yeah so I'm really happy about that we used to talk about guiding light right I haven't seen that three years either oh I'm glad you mentioned subs because I got to turn on a young in a horny right now which is my new favorite soapah oh isn't that great I used to love that which tomorrow by the way Nick runs into Sharon in school of all places where she's trying to a transfer and wants out which he doesn't know about that and they engage in a passion of kish and please call me etc and so on so there and of course some niki is very upset because hope hope just came back to town and victorah they don't see eye to eye and she's hoping that they'll break up etc you know so I see the show a day ahead of time on a satellite oh well three years ago before I started this job I think Nick was just yeah and all of a sudden now he's like 18 years old and looking pretty good a really I got it I got to have somebody tape this thing for me trust me I saw for a company the way I enjoyed it but it was kind of a history lesson and I think that's where I enjoyed it so maybe I could watch the history channel on my satellite get to see his mother one thing it did bring out he kept on falling into things in other words he became a millionaire sort of by happened to him yeah you know not because of an expression for that he fell into a bucket of stuff yeah well he sure did it was golden too and he's made it oh one other thing I want to say just one thing really is my fault I want to channel for him and before I go to work yeah and secret okay not say the word bitch really he had to say that Nick and Richard had called for lady a word that rhymes with whitt are you serious what I bought to a pussy's it channel for smelly bitch I can't believe that I mean they had it on oh that's right it was on channel six because they hear a CBS at least as the mom oh no they said it on channel for on the NBC news right but I'm but I'm saying the original clip of it because I saw yesterday morning live when the new mice were sitting there with Paul Zahn and became like psychotic because they showed the clip from with Connie Chung and his mother and she said well you can whisper it to me and she said he said he's a bitch and she said it so a lot it was great it was a it was a beautiful thing so Tony's a Greto can't say bitch okay I bet he knows a few takes one and no one Tony maybe he is one that's what I'm saying why here he hangs with Jay Hiler next to a channel 7 but it could be just a rumor oh well well you have a great day and see how to ride your story it's a nice to be able to hear you again thanks bye see how do you like that that's good news we have an open line in a day 7 519 463 751 Wild oh man this lunch I'm having it so rich and I'm going to eat too much and you know what too bad too bad for me it's like that the bell softened ability thing too bad for them that's what Steve Dickle says too bad for them hmm right here's a bokeh hello yeah honey are a call from bokeh yeah you know where you want to call in the 800 line right I wanted somebody alive in bokeh and you saw the close yeah fairly alive in my break so I don't know how alive you get your lunch time but reason I'm calling is you said you wanted somebody to suck around for some some second around to get what you've given out you want what I'm giving out yeah what does that mean I'm not sure in other words you said I said that we're giving I have something free if somebody would call on the bokeh that's how you're hearing you okay you ready yeah we have an open line on the green line what it is that that I don't know listen I'm not sure which and maybe you can analyze this for me all you experts out there which is more perplexing which is more confounding the reaction to Ronnie B and his appearance on a film Henry show yesterday that's that's pretty mind boggling pretty blatant blame blowing or that or that and like I said earlier in a day that you can you can come on here and say anything anything like that guy who called yesterday about Herman and McBean and when did they start doing warnings on the coast because I said the coast was going back to GTR I could say any kind of crap in the world and they believe it how 105 is going to start playing Spanish melodies all the weeks Miguel all day on how 105 tune into marmorning at six David K Jones on the coast in the morning tomorrow morning at six being replaced by somebody with a personality I mean you know is it possible that any of these things could happen 1242 at Wiod 16 Wiod not quite as much fun as sex but a whole lot safer they don't come any better than Neil Rogers already fat at an ankle perk now here's another exciting offer from video treasure chest just in time for Christmas the classic nutcracker ballet has become a favorite holiday tradition but some interpretations are a little looser than others as this lost classic performance featuring Miguel Baritnecoph and the New York City ballet company shows town tour your quick into a The Lost Adaptation of the Nutcracker entitled The Ballbreaker Ballag can be yours for just 1995 and local video stories. Video Treasure Chest, we've got rooms of this crap. What do you guys think about this? What do you think? Nion God. Well 47, I W I W I W I W Don't Forget Pizza Lofts Tuesday night 5, the 9th will have the set of one to best of everybody's CDs and cassettes will have those great t-shirts, Rick & Sads, Neal, Phil Henry etc. And you know, and come on up and eat with us and the hangout, Russell will be there, he'll be showing off his pecs and Joseo probably. I bet Joseo shows up, he'll be covering it in a background pretending he's not there. He'll be in the tea room no doubt. Let's go to for a Lauderdale on a purple line. Hello. Nion, how are you doing? Great. I'm going to tell you the benefit of listening to SMOP. That was good, wasn't it? Like that's going to get on the air? Like that's going to get on the air. What tell does that mean? You mean like him? Was he talking about himself? There's a man with a tremendous inferiority complex using the effort to describe himself which I think gets some therapy for this guy or maybe he can be errands for his collar on Monday. And you can sue your wounds. Open line on the purple line, pound IOD if you have cellular one. That was probably some guy from Bellsoft mobility trying to use to abuse the cellular one line. That's the next deal. The Bellsoft mobility guys are going to be caught up on it. The purple line and they're going to try to like a use it and abuse it. I guess what guys it ain't going to work because cellular one loves us so much. I would be surprised that we have 10 cell ones lines pretty soon. Here's Miami, hello. Oh, oh, no. Yes. I just want to let you know that this is pointed to the end well that people that say they listen to Ron and Ron chill and they can recognize his voice. Yeah. What does it tell you? Is that a good lesson in life for you? I think it moves somewhere else. Exactly. Now you understand why I'm always so frustrated. I'm not saying that every word in America is like a bastion of intelligence. But this town, this state, this is like a, this is like a hotbed of stupidity. It's like a festering disease here. It's like growing. Yeah. You're on Sam? All right. I like growing. I want to say you're on Florida, but you don't need it now where you know. All it is just a plain point over there. Yeah. I think Luke's going to be good. Give it a shot. The planes probably on her way there right now, Luke's in an actual. We have an open line in day 7519463. How's that other? Yeah. See they got their dittling around with us. I don't care what Steve Ziggler says. He's a diddler. Believe me what I tell you that anybody in this building knows he's dittled with the best of. I wonder how that, that intern engineers doing. What's that was? What was his name? That intern? Mani? No, not mani. What was his name? You know how I'm talking about. The one I was here for about five minutes and they dragged him downstairs. That intern, the engineer that you guys had here about three four. Marco, what happened to Marco? He's hanging out. That's the problem. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Renfrey, how you doing, man? Who is it? All right. Renfrey, Renfrey. Hey, what is it? Oh, this is Roddy B. How you be, Roddy? It's Roddy D. It's Roddy B. It's the Dush bag. All right. The grease balls. Yeah. So what's up? What is with that all right? I don't have any idea what the hell that's all about. The bulk of burgers are made out of people. That's kind of good, but that's not the one I was hoping for, but I took it out of the<|tr|>, yanked it out. I don't even know where the hell that card is. I'm glad you mentioned that I think I just saved it. Hey, can I ask you someone a personal side? Probably not. OK, I want that. About one. So what is with that? I just can actually get paid good money. Oh, right. Right. Is that on the personal side? I could do that for free. No, on the personal side. Yeah. One was at the T.H. at your first homosexual experience. Had a homosexual homosexual experience came first. Didn't have any heterosexual experience. So it was just started off as homosexual experience. Yeah. Why are you looking over a date? Well, maybe. Yeah, I don't think so. I don't know. I seen you on TV and I'm bad. Yeah, right. You might type. You're desperate. You might say that. How long have you been without eyesight? It's been getting worse over the years. OK, that's obvious. Well, listen, just keep working out and I'll be right over. There's a guy who's also, he's going to be the second caller on passion, phones on Monday night for May to midnight. Now, what's the deal after midnight? Are we going to have to wait until we tune in ourselves to find out? See, this is ridiculous. I mean, you think that this damn Steve Dickle, it's Thursday already, where the hell is the line up for next week? What's going to be on a midnight? I mean, the most important thing. And Rick Raleigh's got a very valid point. What they're doing at that morning show on his station. They're not giving those guys anything. They're giving them a death wish, just like they did with Randy. They're not giving them any assistance whatsoever. What's important is what you are listening to before you stick your head on at pillow at night, where that radio dial is tuned. And then when you wake up in the morning, it's still there. So there are a lot of people up there who, when you're awake in midnight, we want to know what's all this down from midnight to two. And allegedly, there's some damn show that's going to be on in there. And we don't know what the hell it is. And allegedly, don't in Mike are being shifted from two to five in the morning when almost everybody is asleep, which is a great time for their show. And allegedly, the best of Neil is getting the hell out of there, which thank God for that, because enough already with that crap. We're going to run over and over again. Here's Miami, hello. There are someers. I've. Yeah, another swachful thinker. Here's Cooper City, hello. Neil. Yeah. How you doing? Great. Just have a little time off. I just graduated from the over university. Oh. One of your state's ministers from the Cooper City High Day, 8788. Who is this? Who is this? Do I know you? You know my friend Alan, you don't know me. Alan, dress there. Yes, sir. I was at Avenue, too. There were guys there. They said, hey, Alan, dress there. We don't Alan, dress there. Everybody knows Alan, dress there. But nobody knows where to hell he is. Absolutely correct, sir. Do you know, he graduates from U of F. Correct. He earned from him in several years. See, that's the deal. Alan, he called me a couple of times on the air. And I think his, his face has gone to hell in a hand basket. He's got that David Johnson syndrome. And that's why nobody sees him. He won't come out of the house anymore. I'm sure he's in the closet. I wouldn't be surprised. And I understand though his behavior though is still as juvenile as ever. So it's the same old Alan. That wouldn't be surprising. That would be him, yeah. And anyway, call earlier mentioned mandates. Yeah. And you even said earlier today that if managed weren't on that station, six people wouldn't be listening on the AM on dolphin days. Yes. Yeah. And I have to make a confession. Yes. That then you started talking about mandates and ripping them. I actually turned him on to see what he was about. All right. Being a dolphin fan, I think the guys, guys, the greatest things. There you go. He is a Homer. In fact, a lot of people are at University of Michigan. We was a Homer. And we have the most Homer erotic broadcast in America. They said on a bashed Homer, he roots roots for the home team. What's wrong with that? I like that. Exactly. I mean, but he does get a little bit too carried away. I will rip him like on that one call. But he was emotional and Zimfer was squeezed him in a little bit too hard. And he got a little carried away. Other than that, I don't think there's anything wrong with it. What tell us wrong with it? Yes. And as long as you mentioned that one call, if you could defy that first. And if it happens to be a really great play that merits double enthusiasm. Yes. What tell us wrong with that? One more time, Neil, if you could play. I know what you want. I'm looking for it. I'm going to get it on time. I'm stalling here. I'm going to play it right now if you ever say goodbye. Goodbye. See ya. Thank you. And quick, baby, just ask that Aaron Summers. One look, scored scored. That said, but not from her. She's nice. She is very nice. We're going to give her a big send off. She's getting $100 million worth of publicity. She's going to be the hottest property this company has ever had their hands on. At least that's what they're telling everybody, even though they don't believe it. She's going to be great. And they are just going to fondle her with care. And of course, the reason being that Steve Dickle, a program director, has got the hotse for that pay. I'll tell you that right now, even though her husband is moving to town with her. He said she's got a great ass. And yesterday he was, you talk about a hands-on PD. Believe you me, what I tell you. So this guy got his apparatus ready yet or what? Second tight end comes into the game. One running back is Greg Hill. Both wide out through to the left side now. JJ Burton in motion right. First in ten. Kansas City, Bottle back to pass again. Has time. He's going deep down the left side line. It has taken away. Intercepted by Gene Actions. He's returning up the sideline. Don't leave up to the middle. He's to the 40 to the 45. He lateral. He knocks down the official. And Troy Vincent is out of control. I failed. Oh my God. The 35. The 35. He's got a high. Oh God. Tino. Gene Actions. And Troy Vincent combined on the Interception return. And I think Gene Actions may be hurt. Oh my God, what a sensational play. Yes. Yes. Now I would like to point something out. It's interesting that occurred at the time that it did because a couple of weeks before that game. Steve Dickle, our program director mentioned that he happened to run it in one of the Telgate parties to Wayne Husngi, our good close personal friend. And actually approached him and introduced himself and instead of getting a punch in him out from Wayne's security guard, Wayne was very friendly. Put on the usual good post that he doesn't public. And said, and here's the line for a bit. He says, you know, those, those broad dolphin broadcasts are really coming together. And if ever I heard anything that sounded like two guys coming together, that was it right there at the end of that call. Zimfer and Manage in stereo. Gord's Gord's Gord. It was frightening. Each your heart out Peter North. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yeah. Can you hear me? What's all the beef? What is all the beef in there? I'm getting paid with one. You're getting paid by Jesus? I'm going to put on some loose sandals. The other ones are starting to smell real bad. Right. Listen. And I'm not making my voice. You're not making your voice? No, I'm just going to ask you. Where are you from? Where are you from? Where am I from? Yeah. Israel. Oh my God. Listen. Hey, vasemere. Oh, yeah. We're here at town in experience. I'm talking about food. A friend of mine invited me to his house for dinner. For dinner. That's the bajou. Pasta bajou. What? I have some right here. As a matter of fact, I'm glad you mentioned that you must be psychic. Are you? Are you a you're a killer? This is the Israeli psychic. You're a killer who makes spoons bend. Really? He makes guys bend. That's what I heard. But anyway, yeah, pasta for sure is like being soup. It's got beans and little macaroni. It's a Italian. It is delicious. And I got some great pasta for sure. Right here. It's like a soup, right? It is a soup. It is. It's a thick party. It's really pasta, faggy. It's not easy. Enough. I'll give you a little of a baggie. That's what happened to me. I went to Rome too many times. I got a little bit of a baggie. I'm telling you. Okay. Can I call somebody at this back? So in other words, this man is circumcised. We don't even have to have an investigation on this guy. He's Israeli. He is circumcised. Well, definitely. A clean baby. Okay. Yes. Go ahead. Jim and Louis and John and the rest of him my dear for love. I'll office. Yes. No. Bunch of. Two bags. And go ahead. And go ahead. See you. Bye. There's a Jewish piezon for. There are, by the way, quite a few Jews in Rome. I just thought I mentioned that who are circumcised. Where the hell are they? That'll be my next endeavor. I guess is to find all the Jewish young men in Rome to see if we can't like indoctrinate them. There we go. See? I'm used that word intentionally indoctrinate them into the ways of Judaism. Or maybe just manage and infirking indoctrinate them into that thing they were doing. Wasn't that the song by the turtles coming together or happy together? Same difference. Here is Boko. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. I am a barist to share a zip code with the snorke. Good man, dude. I am a barist to them. I like them. I like them. I like them. I like them. He used to talk at entertainment radio 610. WIEOD presents the Neal Roger show. To talk with Neal, call 751 WIEOD in date. 524 WIEOD in Broward. Outside to 305 area code. It's toll free. 1-800-944-WIEOD. And so you're the one customers can call pound IOD at no charge. Now, the Neal Roger show on News talking entertainment radio 610 WIEOD. Don't you just hate people that use snappy openers for their show segments like that Wounded two while. It's the inspiring story of a man wrongly imprisoned for murder and a son may do help to achieve redemption. You know, when you're in here, they try to take everything from you. They take your name, they give you a number. They take away your freedom and they keep you behind bars. They take your clothes and they give you different, less colorful clothes. But the one thing they can't take away is the bond between us because what we have is stronger than those iron bars. Stronger than those guards. Stronger than these concrete walls. Because the bond we have is called love. I'm not ashamed to say it, man. I love you. Yes, dear. Columbia Pictures presents the Sheep Shank Redemption. Starring Tim Robbins is the prisoner and Morgan Freeman is the sheep. When we play find the flock, why do I always have to be little boapy? Oh, yeah, you're a sheep. The Sheep Shank Redemption. Now playing in theaters everywhere. Film live in Hillsborough County. 107 at WIEOD. Happy Thursday. You know something weird to hell is sharing with my check. Would you do me a favor called down into accounting? Please, they have an extension. I'm in an extension. And because George always does this for me and that's why he gets the free food Jason. So it's at least you can do. But see if Sharon is down there and if she has any intention of mosing on up here with that damn check and if she would have come up here earlier, could I had some of this great food in fact if she's in time. There's still plenty of this rigotoni left that she could just heat up put on a paper plates popping at microwave and it would be sensational Sharon. But I don't see her anywhere inside. Here is Boko on a purple line. Hello. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. When is TARDAS? When I started this view two things number one. Yes. For us come to music was great. Did you like it? I didn't see it. I didn't see it. Oh. Do you think I'm going to go see forest gum? Get soundtrack. You'll like that. Yeah. Well, what is time, Hanksing? Zero. Not a lot. Sounds pretty good, then, yeah. And the second thing is I don't know if you're aware of it but the jet's have just fired T-caro. Oh. I say we're going to bring back Joe Walton. That's what the jet's need. Well, they just hired a dick as in co-tight. Are you serious? And Jewish? No, get out of here. They hired rich co-tight? Yep. Oh, my god. I bet you Harry Callos will be doing the jet's games pretty soon. Here is the boomer. Go ahead, vac. It's all. Yeah. That's way gone. Oh, my god. That is shocking. And what's the deal with Vermeer? If I can say that. Well, I hope he goes to self-ta-delphated. It sure looks like it. Don't know what co-tight was already out and they're making it away. And but I understand that Vermeer wants Mossburg to be there to give them a little oral support on the sidelines. A little piece of the action. That's right. That's it. That's it. Okay, Neil. Thanks for the good news. Got it. So the jet's continued, foundering and floundering. And that's good. You know, I was saying to somebody yesterday, I don't want to make you feel bad because I know your upset with me. I'm not a dolphin fan. And I like fake my way through the last. You know, I really was for several years. And then they started getting me pissed off. And then, of course, they're, well, I don't want to go through it again. You know, they suck. But the thing with the AFC East when you come right down to what? And the same is true in other divisions. Like the NFC West. I mean, San Francisco is definitely the team to be. They're a great team. But the other teams in their division are puked in dozing man. A suck. And the same thing is true other than the bills who have become so old that even the thusal makes them look like teenagers. Other than that, who has there been last several years to beat out for the AFC Championship? Seriously. I mean, being very objective and being honest, I mean, is it the jet? Was it the cults? Was it prior to the arrival of a fatsau parcellus? Was it the Patriot? So really, it's basically been a two team division for a very, very long time. And when an AFC East is not perhaps the greatest to come, not to diminish anything that the Schuillus brainstem and the group have done. But, you know, it's not that big of a deal. And I still say, I don't understand how come it's maybe somebody can explain to me. How come the giants who were nine and seven? I don't understand how there can be three teams from the central NFC central in a playoff. Especially, I mean, really the Troy. Oh, and Chicago. Oh. And Chicago, of course, and Minnesota, which goes without saying that they bought it a bit to big one. Warren Moon, baby. He's choking to right now. He's got that news around his neck. He's still gagging on it. Come on, Warren. It's all over, baby. He don't want to play today. He just, yeah, right. That's right, because the pressure is on man. His spink through is just twitching. But anyway, you know, the giants were nine and seven. There were three teams in the NFC central. They all get the Green Bay, of course, one that a vision. And he got the, I mean, Minnesota, one that a vision. Do they? Right, Minnesota, one that vision and Green Bay and Chicago. Andy Troy, four teams. I'm sorry. You had the division winner and then three four out of five teams. What is that? Everybody except the, the bucket ears from that division got in a playoff. Well, what is that? And the giants who wound up nine and seven and Dan Reeves pulled out the miraculous comeback after that horrendous start. And certainly were much better than probably at least three of those NFC central teams. They're out of the playoffs. Not in, of course, a lot of you people who hate New York. You're probably happy about that. But it just don't seem right. Here's Miami. Hello. Neo. Yes. Are you sure? I'm doing great. Happy New Year. And back to you. I was, I didn't hear the show earlier. Did anybody call and tell you about Larry King West like with Oprah? Yeah, somebody mentioned something about Larry in the first part of the show as a matter of fact. You're so dense. They went right over to say somebody called. About Howard. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody did. And the second thing has, has a weapon. Uh, you know, you're back when Oprah sat down in a chair. You know how much money she's got. Larry says. Tell me first it out several times. It was on his knees. Yeah. No, you know how you always say there. Yeah. Yeah. People have been selecting you for tickets and everything. And as a member of the African African American slash black slash Negro slash Colour community. I have something for you. Can I ask you a question? Sure. Can we stick with black? Yeah. I know. African American thing. I mean, it takes so long to say, you know, it's part of the con job that white America is doing on black people again. First there was, first there was nigger, which was unacceptable. I was a, for disgusting term. Then it was Negro, which was kind of like a derivative of, you know. But less objectionable. That was okay. It was kind of a gentle word. Then it was like a black, which you just seem to make sense even though they're different shade brown and black and chocolate and whatever. And now we got African American. I mean, like every five minutes, you got to turn around and find out what adjective you got. You know what I'm saying? Well, you like was a plane and simple. I think that speaks the thing, you know. Well, as a representative of the community since we don't show up on your numbers, I have something for you. Okay. Okay. Oh, Jay Simpson's Jewish. Can you believe it? Oh. Yeah. Such a tragic fall for Mr. Football. Yeah. Luther Campbell's Jewish could you conceive it? Include like. Obserities his niche and slapping up his bitch. Just see Jackson's Jewish. So is the Reverend Al-Sharpton. Unbelievable. As well as that famous Jewish couple, Louis and Ferra Khan. Yeah. Spike Lee is Jewish. Can't you see it? Oh. And Michael Jackson too. Oh. As a matter of fact, the whole world's Jewish sense. I fell in love with you. Joyce Lynn Elders. Oh. I fell in love with you. Neil. Yaw, wait. Oh. Beautiful. Thank you, Neil. 85 stars. Love you. See ya. Okay. Big juicy. Give us a big juicy. What will we was that line from, huh? I bet you don't know that. Don't know her name either. Okay. Robert Duval was in the movie. There's a hint for ya. The movie had two names. Your first name was the ace. Was a bomb at the box office. Big hit on the video and on cable. The great Santini. Rhymes with. You don't never saw the great Santini. Oh my God. What a great movie. Robert Duval. That southern gentile. Oh my God. What the hell is her name that played his wife in there? Be not beat her straight. She was in that work. Oh, what is her name? She's always played that. That's southern. She's great. I like her. A lot. In spite of that southern drawle. Which I don't think she has to put on. She is great. Does anybody know we're going to get a call? How do I get a call on that? Maybe call on one of the office lines. Call somebody. What the hell was her name? I guess I'm going to have to look into book. Because nobody's going to get through on a thing there. Give us a big juicy. That was a funny line. It was just, it wasn't funny. It was just cute. Give us a big juicy. Oh, man. Well, let's see. The great Santine. Now is it going to be in a book under the entrance. It's going to be under the ace. Look at that. There's a half of a $5 bill in this book. I bet your Roger will be back to get that, baby. I think this is Roger Magalins. Well, here's the great McGinti. The great center. The great race. The great rooper. The great Santine. Star at Blight Danner. Well, that's close to Eva Marie St. You don't know who Blight Danner is? Jason, you know, you got to get out of the house like once a month would be good. Of course, when you work here, you can't afford to do. Here's plantation. Hello. Neil. Yes. I just want to give you a little update. I was watching the news on Channel 4. Yes, sir. Kelly Craig said bitch. All right. Always love that Kelly Craig. Yes. You know what, new, Cambridge said? Yeah. She said the word. She smelly bitch. Yeah. I love. And it goes to show you. She's got bigger ones than segredo. I like that. Exactly. Isn't that great? I knew that he had BBs for balls. I knew it. Okay. Thanks. I just want to tell you that. Thanks. Watch us. Yeah. Kelly Craig is a goddess. Yeah. She and Bob Weaver are the only real people over there left the channel for. The rest of them are a bunch of pus filled the slime balls who lie through their teeth about the casino gambling thing. And especially that Hank, what's his name, Testi, Roastow whatever that guy's name is. And then asshole goes out there to Vegas and he stands in front of a 7 11 or whatever. And then he goes out in the desert in front of a couple of drunks. Yeah. The Miami-Herald pulled the same thing Mr. Hot Shot. Underline the shot part. Yeah. See, they don't have to resort to that because gambling is never going to pass here. And Indians are going to be breaking in billions of dollars. And the same asshole that called on here that was bitching about. Oh, gee. The Indians are making like 10 grand a month of peace. They're going to be making a million a month of peace. And we're all going to be sitting here holding behind you know what? And here's Miami. Hello. Hey Neil, what's up? How you doing sir? Pretty good sir. I parked your vet a few years ago at Caldera's tractor. Remember me? Oh. Now look see which guy is this. I'm circumcised. Ben helps. Who is it? My name is Brian. Brian. I don't know who you are Brian. Who is the guy that used to be the Valley Parking Guide that I knew that used to make himself into a celebrity. Wasn't you Brian? No, probably some Puerto Rican fella. No, no. What the hell was that guy's name? He used to give him a big tip. You parked my car Brian. Were you like a real hot number? And I said hey come and park it again or just stay in there. I'll take you home. Well you know, you get me a handsome tip and you kind of squeeze my hand very hard. But did I? Well, there was a little message in there. Brian, but it never works. You know, it's cute, but it never works. I tell you what. My first time calling. I've been a long time listener though. I've been a question for you. Yeah, no way. What are you doing now? I'm just hanging around. You don't have a job? No sir. I listen to you all day. Oh that's better. That's better in a job. It's much more educational on the prices. I don't have to use up a lot of gas and I crank all bell sounds. Customers service line. Okay. All right. My question is, you got to fill me in. Okay. You have to fill me in on what happened between you and Andrew. Because I went to high school and college. You know something unfortunately nothing happened between me. And I can now see there's two different and of course people the audience they don't know who it is. But there's a lesson here. And I've said this many times before. Just because somebody looks great, whether it's a male female or have their first on dates 300 to 250 students. And so the outside, they look like a person. And sometimes people who are in fantastic looking turn out to be just assholes. And Allen to me, Allen was really I sometimes. If you go to school, what's sort of somebody in such a pain in the else, you can't be objectiveonscious they look good. Like even certainly even the girls at coupersity high didn't want to go out with them because he was always flashen and moaning. He was just such a jackass even though he was a great looking guy he really was. He was a little bit the level over the edge there. a good looking young guy I'm Tonya when he I first saw him at the melting pot down in candle I just about salad I was drilling into my in my fun do out it was drill fun do and he started hanging around you know we had all those Cooper city in Piper High kids and everybody kept tell me what a jerky was and in many ways he was but he just I have a soft spot in my heart for Alan. So you guys were just friends huh? Well what do you mean we were just friends? I don't know what they were. They were rumors flying around. Something more yeah don't I wish oh I'm in you. I'm not believing anything I hear. Oh baby don't I wish. I wanted to hear from the horses man. No he just uh the Alan's a straight as a hang there. I mean uh yeah he was he was getting plenty of action from what I understand. Well from all the ladies from the world. Probably perhaps some perhaps some problem animals as well. You might all have my be it. At least they don't talk back anyway they don't care about your attitude. But I don't know I can everybody in their brother knows Alan Dresner. He went off to Gainesville he called me a couple of times from school up there when he came home from school called on here and he's vanished. Now Bob from Cooper City which I don't know if you remember Bob. Last thing would help Bob Garrison. Now he was working at Circuits City he came out to our remote at the thing. Was it Evan Turret where ever it had a was at the fountain shops and he's doing real well. Mary got a baby on the way and just doing great. That's cool yeah I'm just I'm just giving out in hard time. We are a good buddy's in high school actually. Well let's see now let's turn this thing around okay oh here's my check thank you so much Sharon thank you you're just here you want to rest of my rig of Tony please he did up put it on a plate put it in a microwave it's the best and then I won't eat all a rest of that I had two pounds of it but anyway so you and Alan used to shower together in high schools that would you say. From time to time now he was Jewish or career you Jewish Brian absolutely also we had two circumcised guys so we don't have to worry about the cheese part. You gonna put that away right off the bat. So you used to shower together in gym class right? None of that limber gr. Brian. Yes we did. You did and now now I'm just kidding we didn't shower together we were just buddies we were straight buddies. Hey you were straight buddies and you never shower together? Of course not. Two man it says all good buddies if you're real buddies have to shower together once in a while. I'll keep that in mind. Yeah so in other words you don't know like which was the better in doubt not that I really cared how tall are you Brian. Uh five 11. Five 11 now I would say Alan's about like six one. No six feet no five 11 left five 10 maybe five nine but no about five 10. Okay so in other words you got an inch on him is that what you're saying? And more ways in one. Okay well we believe you're Brian. Okay sir. And keep thinking about it. Listen if you track him down tell me what we want to see and we want to hands on experience. I will okay that you were able to give me the full story. Okay Brian. You got anything free to give away? Oh my love and kisses. I hate to suck up to you but it's something I had to do. See ya. Take care now. There is lovely Brian who once parked my car called a race course I think I'm going out to Gulfstream I got my passes or at least some of them at home. And I got my you know a Gulfstream has happened and even though of course you got those halandae. See that's the only reason I haven't gotten a Gulfstream last couple of years is because those blue hairs and halandae are oh my god it's just one of those very experiences but it's a beautiful plant and the weather is still nice and mild and bombing and they got some great racing this year and why don't I go out there and go on up and say hi to Tom Durkin and my other good close personal friends in the press box like Hank Goldberg and Tom Jika. That would be a kind of an interesting thing. Well Hank and I always get along great in the face to face. Push to push in person. Because you know basically it's not that I dislike Hank because I really don't it's just that he's I don't know he's just full of full of crap. But when you see like at the hockey games I would see Hank and I thought well this is nice that he's actually coming out he admits he knows nothing about hockey but he came out to a few games and we always had like a pleasant conversation and he always liked you know gave me that fat push look and you know he's okay but he's just so full of crap. If you just stop not dropping so many names and stop making so many bad predictions and stop try to be what you are Hank like a major talent. It's 2022 a WIOD. 610 WIOD. Maybe hazardous to your middle held. I think you got a point there Jason Jason and I were just having a little conversation about the big wedding coming up between Jay Highler and Jessica a Gary next to a channel 7 and it's one of those on again off again deals evidently because Jessica after I uh after I exposed certain rumors on the air that they following the big announcement she was no longer wearing that engagement on the air is what we understand and uh well he does have an engaging smile that's what Craig Steven said or an engaging we have an open line in Broward are they engaged oh that's the deal Craig Stevenson Jay Highler Rower engaged. Oh wow. Well I hope that our ex newsman don't get upset about that you know these jealous uh here is Dania hello. Yeah hi Neil happy new year. Back to you. Uh it was down at Abon Tour about your best of Neil Roderick. Thank you so much. Great and it's great. It is. Uh Neil you were talking about the blue hairs of Hallendale. Oh hey yes? Well you know Nicky Grossman right? Oh yeah. Uh he ruined Fort Lauderdale. I was talking about blue hair not blue body. Oh my god talk about the old white body. What a guy. What a cow. They have a truck that goes behind her that's her but her head of her wide low to head. Now absolutely. Yeah well you know uh she's got the town past an ordinance. I was down there yesterday I was so pissed off. I went down there trying to ride my bike and the uh the cops told me I had to get a hell off the boardwalk. Yeah because the Canadians can't stay away from the uh bike lanes. Well there's a sign in Hallendale that says no kikes on bikes. I don't want you to know what that means but I was out with that. Actually your sonny Rosenberg won't take kindly to that. Well she's ruined she ruined uh Hollywood just like she's ruined uh yeah mushy's a lot of police. She's consistent though you know she really is consistent since she's the only commissioner who can actually dance with herself cheek to cheek. Well you know she likes the Canadians. You might want to avoid the cheapops here. Well you know what is it? I said she likes the Canadians for the for damn well why doesn't she move north? Well Packara Salami sandwich a big one. Boy I'll tell you hey Neil can you do me a favor? You can use it as a seat yes. You've got a uh uh uh uh uh uh bit there called eating up the y yeah and the kendo. Yeah you think you can call it with that Wait a minute that's two separate bits. Yeah. One per call pal I think eating at the y I played kendo all the yesterday. How about eating at the y? Oh I love it. I bet you do. Have a great day paly. Take care. See yeah. You shouldn't talk about Nikki Grossman in the same I mean that's uh very close to lunch time for a lot of people and I don't think that was probably the best choice of a verbiage. By the way speaking of eating at the y don't forget the passion bone starts on Monday with the great Aaron no bra. I hope I didn't have something really good near that was good. Oh yeah I was gonna play the mob boys that's a great bit but instead of that now I got to dig this damn thing out. What is it that he wants to hear? Oh he wants to hear that disgusting uh that filthy that uh great bit. Okay it's in there pal I got my finger on it. We have two open lines that are both in Brower. How do you like that? They're probably trying to write their brok on a boardwalk in Hellendale and probably gonna get like a toss-in-who's guy. They're probably gonna get toss-in at them uh outhouse gang. That's another thing in Hellendale. No, it's not a class. He it's kind of the thing that Hellendale is famous for aside from Blue here in sunny Rosenberg and the end of the old thinking is the outhouse gang. What is that, uh huh? Talk about a crappy place to live here. And of course banning MTV from the cable North Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes. What's happening? How are you doing sir? What is this obsession with force gump? Beats a hell out of me. I mean they ought to call the movie for a dump. Don't. Yeah. Actually I rented a movie called Forest Stump but it started around Jeremy and Peter North. Stumps me. Yeah I guarantee if Rapida North was in it there'd have been no stump in that time. You got it. You got it rented. It's an excellent movie man. Yeah. But I don't know. I think this country is just a little too easy. Liner teen. Yeah. I think so but that's why sliced the loans get an $85 billion for a new movie. They haven't even bought the film yet. It's a codec and they're already given them a hundred billion dollars. Exactly but uh I don't know. I think the reason that these dolphins don't win the big games because I think Schuill has got too many other things happening. See he's got this golf course. So tell the restaurant. Yeah. I mean you need someone who's going to like eat, sleep and live football like parcels or something when I mean he didn't even know if he had a Christmas tree in his house. Yeah. And then they you know that's really. I somehow really somehow really somehow that's because he needs some help. That's it but I'd like to dedicate this call to my friend Carlos who's while it is his dead as his town and Neil Alaw. His what is his dead always wall. Okay have a great day. Take care. See he said his apparatus is his dead as the door. Now we have an open line in date 751 purple line. Selly to one. Now you folks I'm telling you right now they're better not be a moment when that purple line is dead like it is right now. We're going to start really getting porked off about that bell soft mobility thing. We may have to take a frisky action if you don't cut the crap. Pound I O D baby. Selly to one and how come we haven't had every bell soft mobility customer in town already. Swake the big switch over to Selly to one. Of course they can't do it one day. They can't get hooked up in one day. But at least you better be working on it right now. If you want to speak to the important celebrities on this station and me too let's get with it. Miami hello. Neil. Yeah. How are you doing buddy? I'm under coming to the restaurant. I'm coming to what restaurant. Oh I don't know. Am I? I thought you said you were coming to the restaurant. I want to see who is this. This is Jeffrey. Jeffrey Domer. Jeffrey Hunter. That's it. Yeah. That's it. How you been buddy? Jeffrey who? Jeffrey Hunter. Yeah. I thought you were dead Jeffrey. No. I'm not dead. I'm the second Jeff. Do you anyway? I want to see you at the clubhouse. I mean I see you. Well what do you do? Are you like to make your day? Which I'm sure you're not because they're open right now so you'll be working. What do you do there? We said hang out and make bad bets. Yeah. Well I just hang around. I'm not. You don't know unless you're green shirt by any chance do you? No I don't know. Well and you're out. Jeff whatever the hell your name is. We have two open lines today. One of Brown and a purple line. Selly to one. This is an emergency right now. I cannot believe this. I can't believe my eyes and nobody out there in a audience saw the great Santini with what's her name Ellen Burston. I mean Blightdanner. Ellen Burston was in was he in Kukus nest was that Ellen Burston that played the nurse Miss Ratchet or was she in the XSS? There's two that I always get confused. Ellen Burston and the other one it looks just like her that was in the lowest lane. Louise Fletcher. Isn't that who I'm thinking of? Now Louise Fletcher she was in Kukus nest right? I like nice. That's who she was. Miss Ratchet. In fact she was doing that more in moon routine. Remember why she was lying there on a floor and Jack Nichol said it like just gently put his fist around her neck and she started doing that more in moon and gagging and choking got all those purple marks around her neck purple kind of like his in Minnesota Viking purple. Huh. And in fact wasn't that the name of the movie the color purple. But that was Louise Fletcher and Ellen Burston was an exorcist one and I do believe that Louise Fletcher was in like exorcist two which is why I always get them confused plus the fact they look like twin seasters. Don't they? Do you know what I'm talking about? Did you see those movies? Long long time ago. Long long time ago. Sounds like a great song. Isn't an American pie? How does that make claim to it? But seriously Louise Fletcher and now I got to look it up. I can't take it anymore. See I keep doing us to myself. Why don't I stop? Just stop it. I mean my mind even the other day I couldn't think of Harry Callis because I'm trying to block it from my mind I'm getting so old in Fibro. Okay exorcist one two five and if you haven't seen the exorcist yet by the way go out and read it. It's a great movie for the whole family. Here. Oh I think it is. That spirit I'm Christ jump pells you. I love it. It's the best. Catholic church don't like it too much. That's what makes it great. Right? You betcha. Here's the exorcist two the heritage. We should buy the way the other at these two three four and five were terrible. Yeah what did I tell you? Wait a minute the first one had um where the hell is the thing here? Oh here it is. Ellen Burston I was right once in my life I got it right marked the date on your calendar in the time. The old fart got one right. Exorcist the original one had Ellen Burston Max von Cidao Jason Miller Linda Blair, Lee J. Cobb man he was great. He was one of the great exorcist two the heritage had Richard Burton Linda Blair Louise Fletcher as in Mother Fletcher as in Yamama and Max von Cidao in a bunch of others and James Earl Jones and Ed Bady. Who was just he was just he loan up from deliverance when they made that movie and he's still pretty sore about it. It's 133 a WIOD Jason. It's only rock and roll without the music. 16 WIOD. Florida sucks.uck it in and hold it. Are you searching for a new sensation in dining? If you're tired of that same old bump and grind then why not revisit an old friend and eat it the why? Bad right folks because here at the why we've turned our old facilities into a mouthwatering buffet and you've never seen us red like this one featuring some of the most delicious on trays you've ever tasted and if you like eating Mexican you'll love the why because every night is taco night or if you enjoy the taste of wild game our chef from her a lip-smecking sauteed rabbit baked in a golden flower crust that's right hair pie it's all here literally mounds of piping hot food including juicy steaks cooked medium rare cause when you eat it the why all the meat is pink in the middle or if you like spicy food here's an unusual on tray a red hot kitchen new steak talk about a piece of acid brings tears here eyes it's lip-smecking good to chew what what am I supposed the next time you eat out why it on down to the why? okay to just know it's a percian highway up in the for one I think you're so high what was that what was that it's 137 that was me I had a slippery finger on it one sorry Phil okay try it on or speak in a bad by the way do you hear Jennifer start the water clock news you guys are so slow they're probably practicing right now start out the water clock news he says for 32 cents you can lick Maryland start lickin unbelievable now she is a little bit cold but most guys they don't mind and you know can I be honest with him this will raise I said the other day that Christie Brinkley was not like great and I really don't think she is did I say Christie Brinkley or did I say the other one? yes yeah I'm there we go with I just solved Ellen burst into the waste flutter and I'm getting that all confused again I did that's a Christie Brinkley I said to the Crawford I'm sorry Christie Christie Brinkley's hot city Crawford's a scant not a scank but she's nothing she's nothing even Johnny Crawford used to look better than her he was a lot prettier but anyway what am I talking about see there it goes it's right down the drain I just want to show you right on your how seen all I am at this point it's all gone though but the you think about Maryland Monroe seriously what was the big deal with Maryland Monroe now she had nice hooters she had a very nice body and she did she wasn't that movie where the with the a wind and the think had blowing her skirt up to her waist up to her armpits but other net what was the big deal with Maryland Monroe I mean he I'm Bobby Kennedy must have seen something and also JFK they must have seen something there that didn't meet the eye maybe did meet the eye but I think as far as her face was concerned she was like in other words if she'd been without makeup band forget it you wouldn't want to wake up in the same building much less next to that I don't think she was all that great I thought she was very like kind of simple looking not the but what do I know so anyway we got the Maryland Monroe stamp now for just 32 cents you can look at start looking here's a lady in the bokeh hello hi Robin I'm here on vacation from where from Toronto all right yep and I just like to say that I'm not a big move for the Montrealers there's a big move oh they're the worst the Pepsi's the frogs I'm here at a cemetery or centuries away cemetery for a little bit you got that right and the Montrealers they just they just threw so loud the most obnoxious the rudest they're fat they drive slow they're cheap they're the cheapest people on the face of the earth next to the French and of course they get that from the French but all in same family we come here about a couple times a year about yeah and so let me ask you something now you must I pray I hope you're a big maple e-fan oh come on don't say oh yes like that I've been a maple e-fan since 1958 when loser draw never been on or off the band wagon I may I live and die blue and white oh good you ever come to Toronto yes I was there last not this past season but I was there the year before for the second game the one that went into uh well two games when it doubled over time against the blues when we lost two to one and double overtime the night that it was so warm that it was like fogged up in the gardens right well it always gets the old yeah in in May because they're not supposed to be playing hockey in man there's no AC in there but it it was great and of course I have a satellite this while watch every Saturday night when we're playing of course which I wish we were a hockey night in Canada hey I don't talk about that. Bob Cole and Harry Neil and Don Cherie and Ron McLean and they had the guts of mishpothids my fan I'm dying without it we got to have our hockey. Yeah well they're built they're thinking of building a new arena are they? and then they'll bring foster hewit back they'll dig him up and prop him up here in the goddala what's wrong with that I don't know that'd be a lot of fun yeah well just like say that me and my family always come down here and listen to you and great my grandfather and everybody beautiful yeah go leave school yep see you thanks bye that was sweet man that's enough to get me in the mood right now I'm gonna go home and watch hours and hours of the maple leaves I'm doing it where's our hockey jack remember you many where is it? Moana he night in Canada on CDC where is it? brought to you by Moanax sports next season all my board of Canada where quality is job one it's working by Imperial oil and death of associate proud to be one of the leading sponsors of United Challesian Family and I have it one You're a soul, a soul, a soul, a soul. You're a soul, a soul, a soul. You're a soul, a soul, a soul. This is your home of race with the full of beliefs. They don't come any better than Neo Rogers. Goosebumps, baby. Goosebumps. How's Bill here with doing? Oh, I can't take it. Where's our hockey? To hell with his stupid football man with all these choke artist teams? Yeah. Where's the beaker when we need him? Well, by the way, how the coming on at the silent auction? I'm getting choked up now at Denny Poppins Place. See, we don't get any, we're just out to lunch. Our center one totals 87,000 403 Tuesday night will be five to nine at the pizza loft again. 69 from Flagler upstairs for another fundraiser. And we'll have all the shirts and CDs and cassettes and beautiful people up there and Jeff Cohen, of course, about nothing's perfect. And a toll free number of capture glory can get all your stuff through them. 1-800-610-6285. Why don't get that 100,000 mark? We really got a shot at it. And now we got almost 90 grand with like 26 days to go. Let's get out there and do it, baby. And where is all those big checks coming in from all my good friends that I don't see any of them? Here's Miami. Hello. Newgo, good afternoon. So, it's been a little bit of a mess. When it's tot of this. Uh, was this thing, hello, radio accident? This thing, the Hank Goldberg. That is an accident. Yeah. When you're running the Hank, that's a massive accident. And that was the Oslesters at the idiot hour when he had Brian Cox on the... Oh, Brian was on. And he did feel pissed on. That was fun. It is. And someone called him said, uh, his exact words were, you know, Brian Cox being a role model. Is everything that's wrong with society. Right. And, uh, the guy's just something he goes, you know, the new rod is right and Hank just went nuts. Really? He goes, oh, you know, something new right. Stop it. And then he ended up, any, uh, called you guys to the Dawkins' Fag ship. Oh, yeah. He's doing that all that. That's his big comeback. Yeah. And this, in fact, that how's your wife doing Hank haven't seen her run lately? Did you, uh, who's Hank been down with these days? I don't want to know. Or what? Did you, uh, you can't see? All I know is the Gaki Zibras look pretty nervous lately. They've been twitching. They've twitching a lie and his eyebrows too, yeah. Did you finally catch that movie? I talked you about a couple weeks ago. Which one? Uh, bound by honor? No. That prison one? No, he did not. You didn't run it? Bound by honor. It, it was a... That's not honor with a human. I'd like the Canadians, the way to N-O-U-R. No. Just H-O-N-O-R. It could, it'll either be under bound by honor or, uh, blood in blood out. Blood in blood out. Yeah. You got to see the guy in his movie. Yeah, the leading. Oh, I see. You got to see. On other words, there's a hot number in the movie. Now we're talking. I thought you're going to give me another one of these movies that was like an intellectual story. I just want to see some hot bodies. I don't care about story. Yeah. That's why forest gump, who wants to see Tom Hanks with her without clothes off or get that? I want to go see some interesting looking people. Are you a guy? I get the ugly people at home in the mirror. I don't need that. And there you go. Newell, can I get one shameless request? Anything you like. If there's time, uh, the Pope smokes dope. There's time. Okay. Every-right-life pal, he'd do. I get it. Okay. See ya. Okay. We had enough of our least there for a second to get me going. That was great. There's the wedding goal. A game one against the Sandlew is blue, is, eh? They don't talk that way. Don't talk about them that way. They don't speak that way, eh? The Pope smokes dope. How is the Pope doing, by the way? He's doing okay. He's seeing good health. Everything's copicetic. Are they doing their usual right wing fascistic? Repressive overpopulating the world thing? That's a good thing though. A HUBS MOUBS DOPE! The POMS MOUBS DOPE! God take him like this! The POMS MOUBS DOPE! He likes his fucking ass! The POMS MOUBS DOPE! He's a good redhead! The POMS MOUBS DOPE! The POMS MOUBS DOPE! The RADIO THEY maufe**z! Our RADIO. our RADIO. Guaien Congriesta town at ass Keewheel! Shaeheeong's quiet,syky wz Losen delivers,llnnnne overheast, Jesus speaks about facts. Jesus thanked, The first house done He's a group of haters The first house done The first house done All year, all year, all year All year I can't even do my nothing To play play alone one day To forget to take a pill I should get in touch Taking pills and not a joke For a cold and cold But can joking be a joke It's a thumbnail on a smoke The first house done He's a group of haters The first house done He likes to speak a nice The first house done He's a group of haters The first house done The first house done All year, all year, all year All year, all year In a poor paid cuz getting high We are poor paid cuz getting higher We're poor pays cuz getting higher We're poor paid cuz getting higher The first house done He that keeps him the year The first house done He likes to speak einem ass The first house done He's a group of haters The first house done Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! And a criminal who will pretty pissed as he don't fear, that's his problem. We will be there. Yeah! In that! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! What do you mean the staff to do a feel Henry picks up where he left on yesterday with that great interview I think Ron Diaz is gonna be on today? Not! This is your pussy station. It's 148 at WIOD. 610 WIOD. Use only is directed. Hey, Neil! Fuck you! Kids, you say hang out at the beach in Singapore. But beach boys are up, hang out the past. Now, case mail records, gives you the chance to meet the new generation, the mall boy. Well, we spend a lot of time hanging out, but we don't buy your thing now. And I'm off of these haters, but we know they can't do the thing now. Why not? Grab your hoodie and hang with a mall boy. Just grab much of that. I think I could eat a cow from on your to full girl with me. The mall boys are they aimless youth, cast a drip on the Baron Beach of life, or are they just waiting for their parents to pick them up in the Beaver? Well, I like to walk around and smoke a cigarette. And I think I look tough, but I haven't started shaving yet. The mall boys, they're not a lost generation, because you can always find them at the mall. We like to walk by the inforators at the mall. We have one, we have a two. 533 is WIOD, where we always level with the audience. Not. Here's Johnny Dark with the exclusive on the new Coast format, and the day that the announcement of the day that a hermit name Queen, a returning to do mornings on the coast, and read those liner cards, which ought to be right within the limits of their abilities. Sure put that David case for it's an issue is wouldn't boys, he a talent. Just ask him, here's the Wilton Manor's, hello. I know, yes sir. How you doing? Great. Good. Talking about freebies, huh? Yeah. Why is everybody what freebies? Because they're nature, they're in Florida, man. They came here to snore. It's absolutely disgusting. It's gross. I'm not a restaurant business. It's absolutely, I tell you. They think that when they come here, they're entitled to get everything for free. They're entitled to open up their bag and shove everything in there. And you know, I've been talking about this for 12 years now. That's all they know is just to take, take, take, take grab grab, grab squeeze squeeze, and that's it. And then squeeze all you guys out of business. Oh yeah, and then they get mad at us, the thoughtful. Right. Yeah. They're entitled. They paid their dues. Now they're entitled to whatever the hell they want for free. And other words, to be a thief is what the word is. That's true. The steal. Yes. I say round the rest up and put them in jail. Let's have an old-farts prison is what I say. They're going to go. Right. They did see in the sunset, no, it was for space. About the on Sanders. No. He's your man, I thought. Yeah, right. And what the nice hat he has on the on Sanders, what the help page. I got to write here in the circular file. Beyond Sanders, as I see the y'all stream, I see Steve Young, I see Dave Joseph and black and white. Can't they afford to get a color picture of Dave Joseph? That's pathetic. Yeah, you see all the guys in the new women have their hats on now. Where are you looking? It's under sunset. I think it will take us not this morning. Oh, my god. What is that? Can't you believe us? What is that? Is that a meeting of the black Panthers? What is that? He's on Sanders with Eric Davis and Merton Hanks. Oh, my god. The 49ers. It's just unbelievable. Talk about the boys with the hood. And then they were at all you went now. Yeah, I saw that. Yeah, they were all, you know, against the douchebags. That was nice. I hope they rip off every piece of silverware, every piece of sweet and low. That was very, very nice. Do you like that? Do you hear that last little shot? Is your winner? Something about he's looking to get a cruise on a jungle queen. Something like that. What an asshole you are. So you're an idiot. You're a moron. Call up Phil and try to say that and see how long you're on a year. I would mention that more than a half an hour. So anyway, Ron Diaz will be on to refute all the allies that Ron Bennington told yesterday in a Phil Henry show. I thought Ronny really sounded bummed out yesterday. I think it was probably exaggerating a little bit. He's probably in some time. In fact, if you saw the picture of him in the paper with that stoian as person, lessens a very old picture, he looks to me like he has a missed two many meals recently as the way I would put it. And if I probably the best thing that could happen around a B would be to be you know, down and off for a few months and maybe like say, put 20 years on his life. Get down to about 300 pounds of beer. Good start. But they really, they really just, this audience, I'm telling you today. I thought yesterday and just listening to that. That was an education. But in listening to the audiences response today on this show, this has been even a greater education because I think the overwhelming majority of these fool of these people, they just, they all agree that Ronny sounded really depressing and demeaned himself. Yes, they feel probably been better off than just cut him right off. But he all feel he's got a soft spot and a ball spot. Here's Miami. Hello. What's this about? A plain Stimstula. What is your brain called? Brain Stimstula? Where is he? That was definitely both camp or man. If I ever heard a guy blowing a through a stranger, that was him. Here's a Palm Beach, hello. I knew. Yes. I'm your biggest fan, David from Montreal. How you doing, David? This is chronic David from Montreal. But I really disappointed. About what? Well, when I heard you talking to that girl about Toronto and I found out. He wasn't a girl or was it a woman? It was a woman. It was not a girl. It was like an adult like a lady. He must have been like 100 years old. Oh, now she's an oldie. First she was a girl. She just aids rapidly since you started opening up your big post. Now see you're going to dig a grave for yourself right here. I'll just let you keep shoveling. Okay. Well, here's what I'll tell you. The first thing I do when I get to Florida and come to Palm Beach by the six times a year. They turn on WIRD. Yeah. And I love you, Charlotte. Listen to all the time. Yeah. The second thing I do is I put the car in reverse. So I can keep up with this real fast moving. I 95 traffic. Yeah. It's so Florida. And the only thing slower than people who drive in Florida. That's Florida is people who drive in Toronto. I've noticed the mark similarity. Yeah. What does that mean? Well, it means that people who say that people in Montreal drive slowly have never been to Montreal. I've been to Toronto and I got news for it and see anybody driving slow. They all drove like people. Have you come to Montreal later? You guys have never been to Montreal. If you if you paid me a thousand dollars an hour, I wouldn't come to Montreal. Well, sorry for a good hockey player. Oh, give me a brain. Let me ask you something. How far did the Canadians get into playoffs the last two seasons? Were they in the final four either year? Well, the Canadians have their ups and downs. You're not up. You're not answering my question. Let's talk recent history. Didn't the maple leaf get in the final four. They're the only team in the NHL. I got in the final four. The semis. Two years in a row. The only one. Unbelievable. There you go. Lisa on a way back. Canadians that Patrick Roth. He's just a shadow of his former self. And a jock dimmer. You know, if there ever was a constipated Frenchman, it's jock dimmer. Is it my right? He looks like he has that a good BM in 20 years. The Canadians do have a few problems. They have a few. And the expos had lots of problems. The expos had several. And not to mention Gary Carter. But I never said that we were great. I just said that. First of all, I remember Stan. Are you French David? No, no. Then what are you talking about? Well, it's like you're having an argument with yourself. It's not bad enough that you separatists, Quebecers, they want to like separate from the rest of the country. But now that you're now the English-speaking guys are like, side and with the frogs. Why don't you learn what side your thing is buttered on David? No, we love the, I don't know. Don't line up with those frogs, man. There are brutal, pill to swallow. And they're on circumcised to David. What is that? We see them all the time, but we have no interest in separating. Right. It's like your super cousins or uncles that you see all the time. And you put up with them. But you don't have to, you know, love them. And agree with them. There you go. Whatever you said, David. But Neil. You're one in the last 10 seconds, yes? In closing eight. When we were six, we used to grow up listening to Ronald's on WKBW. To all that explains it, not okay. I rest my case, folks. The only radio station that doesn't suck. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale.