W-A-E-Y-N-E-F-U-V-K-S T-O-S Talking entertainment radio 6th-10 W-I-O-D presents The Neal Roger show To talk with Neal, call 751 W-I-O-D in D. 5-2-4 W-I-O-D in Broward Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free 1-800-9-4-4-W-I-O-D And say you the one customer is called pound-io-d-o-d No child. George just killed my child. The new Roger show on news talking entertainment radio. My child. I had killed him. Double UIO. Oh, Neil. My queen. God. Yeah. Yeah, but wait a second. He lives on queer street. Lakers round on queer street. He has a house and garden. I would love to see what happens. Hainest holes and fence is funky. Women close, they can look real funky. Just lick a piece. Hands always, with and nose, what to do. He wants me and he. I'll show you. He lives on queer street. Here at Thor, we're all the creatures being. I wonder what their silly is there. He says he likes to just find. I don't know. I don't know. If you know, it's you. It's like I know you. La la la la. La la la la. He lives on queer street. Lakers round on queer street. He has a house and a house. Yeah. And I'm going to tell you something right now. Mark it down. Howard County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility. Yeah, I will not play here. Lyer. Because I will not hear. Lyer, bald spot on fire. The next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did see. Yeah, here's somebody that talked about sides of his ass. I'd like that. So anyway, somebody sends me a copy. Thank you so much in a big mental envelope, no less. Of the article, which we did talk about. He's got a little tab on here saying, I didn't ever hear it. Talk about what we did. It was back in December. New times and was a cover thing. Citizen Wayne, the unauthorized biography by Steve Alman. And speaking of Alman's, George just brought me. Thanks so much, I think, to this guy who sent all those nuts over here. I can't eat all those nuts. I just ate about 80 grams worth of carbohydrates. Screwed up by diet for probably the whole weekend. Just when I was starting to really get, do it again. My blood sugar was 54 this morning. I was feeling great. I bet you it's like 354. Thanks, George. Why did you just take him home? I have to live with myself. I can't live with him. Boy, can I see a lot there. Ralph Rotten's nut pound in Miami Lakes. Main street, Miami Lakes. Great, and great nuts. Ralph's got the best nuts in town. That's what the brain stem says. He knows his stuff in Miami Lakes. So my diets screwed for the day. Thanks a lot. And we have steak coming from the embers today, which Hank owns a piece of that. I said, I don't mind that, you know, because they're really good steak, I understand. He doesn't touch it first or the steak. So anyway, this article, some of the things that are highlighted in here, which are really a bear repeating. It goes through his whole background in the age 22, Harry Wayne, high pingo, what can be characterized that a crisis point in his young career is classmates from nearby Pine Crest High, were earning their diplomas from elite colleges, living in a comfortable jobs. High pingo had done little but wander in the five years graduating high school drifting from low-wage jobs to a brief stab at college to a hitch in the Army Reserve, a brief stab. He came back to Fort Lauderdale in 1960 with a newly wed wife, seeping with ambition, but without much in a way of prospects, he took a job selling trash, hauling services, door to door. Thomas Millwood, however, was not swayed by the sales pitch, a rejection that evidently caused something in young high pingo to snap. According to a civil suit, Millwood filed a November of 1961, high pingo refused to vacate the premises. After using abusive and profanal language to both Millwood and his wife, the defended high pingo attacked Millwood in a fit of anger, and without provocation, striking him on his face and body using great force and violence, therefore inflicting great bodily harm and mental shock. The altercation left Millwood with a ripped shirt, broken sunglasses, abrasions on his post, most painful noted lawsuit, was the permanent injury to the testicles and genital area as a result of grabbing and twisting by the defendant. Oh, he's got us all by the nuts. How do you like that? That's the best. Let me say it again. Most painful noted the lawsuit was the permanent injury to the testicles and genital area as a result of grabbing and twisting by the defendant. Just lick him. The matter went to trial where high pingo claimed Millwood had initiated or instigated the violence, the jury believed Millwood awarded him a thousand dollars in damages. This brand, the prudent ruthlessness, has in many ways propelled his stupofying rise from lowly garbage total to the master of all he surveys, Master Bader. So anyway, last night, I was missing this with Rick this morning and I don't know why he used all the greedy material on his show, but very seriously, last night we went so far over the line. Wayne doesn't even have to feel bad about screwing up the dump there, so we let the F4 go in on air. That is nothing compared to the indecent broadcast we had on sports talk between 630 and 650 last night. Even Todd Tungin, from Channel 10, has never tunged anybody. Like what we had, I'm going to talk about it at great length. I might just rip the F4 for next 3 and a half hours. I have never heard such a spinalist jellyfish ass-looking up display in my life. Come on in on this show Wayne. Okay. Let's see what nice treatment you get here. Okay, let's see how much I look. He courseed all the pens and how much is in the bag. How much is in a little briefcase. Twelve minutes after 10 at WIOD. WIOD, who's responsible for this? The sisters, the devil or the FCC. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers or any fighter than Hank Goldbuck. Okay, it's 10 16 at WIOD, they don't suck any harder than Jeff de Forthman. I've always liked the foe. I've always thought it was a pretty good guy when he wanted to fire his ass. The bad for him, I cried, I carried on, I begged, I pleaded. I said to guys, you know, Jewish, even with a foe named like that, he never stole a freight train. He drinks a little bit too much, but other than that, you know, he's a good guy. And he has a good guy, he's just an assucker, that's all. Man, oh man, I get in the car last night, it's about 633. And maybe 635. So I may have missed the first minute or two and I can't believe my ears. In addition to which the technical quality, but it's similar to your both talking through a strainer. The turns out he was out at Dolphin Camp, and you know how great we always do these remotes. Wow, Wayne, let me ask you, where would you like me to start looking first? I have never heard, seriously, such a tongue job for 20 minutes in my life. Even you put Larry King Hank Goldbuck and all the other great tongue lickers of America put together, couldn't have come close to this. And then I get back into car about 5 after 7, he comes back on after the news, and then now that Wayne is long gone, he's saying, Well, is there anybody out there who believed all that crap he was saying? Does the term spinalist jellyfish conjure up any images in your mind? Here is the golden opportunity we had the perfect chance the man actually got sucked into coming on this radio station, which he hates like poison, except he does like default, and I understand why he must have called him Jeff by name, like 800 times in the 15 or 20 minutes I heard. And just to sit there and let this man go on about the Sun Sentinel, and you know that it isn't true, and just because they put it in the paper, I would never say anything to hurt my friends in Broward, and if they want to come up with a money and yati, and then in the paper this morning, he's quoted a saying, Oh, anybody, you know, Mickey and I talked and we're willing to put a deal, my Emmy, a Broward, we don't care anybody, anybody who's stupid enough to put up the money will do it. And I'm going to tell you something right now, and you mark it down. If Broward County would change their mind, but he never said this. I will never said this. I will not play. But you never said it because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, Here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something. It was the Sun Sentinel, you know, and he never said it. Now we've played it on here about 600 times yesterday, and about 400 times already more today. And default, I'm just, I am so dismayed, I am so, I just, I don't, I don't, I don't know words to describe my discussed and disappointment, okay? What we're going to do, save some of those nuts, George, because I think besides Rick Rally, we found somebody also could use some. What would you like in it? You want to go to Pacheke, you're right with my log? Since when do you Pacheke, you're right with a log? Oh, now she's graduated already. She went from accounting to continuity to traffic and pretty soon she'll be taking a garbage job. And she's got a smile on her post. You didn't even understand what they're being demoted, you know, when they're being squeezed out the door. Who's that? Yeah, Dumburdo makes the big bucks, that's right. He gets to steal everything out of the dumpster that he can. Okay, where are we going to Pompano on a purple line? What just happened there? What was that? Pompano on a purple line, hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. I wish you could come in here and see our space age equipment, it's fantastic. Just so I went to punch you up, all the lines started rain-bowing. I felt it. It was great. After a default lift, Wayne's there. Did you hear it? I didn't hear it, but I got in the car late last night. I was listening to the morning. Can I tell you something? If you would have heard it last night, you'd be an intensive care right now. But I could have was the most debilitating experience of my life. Well, there's more to it. After the morning's game last night, he got a day I looked by two tongues on QAM. Oh, my God. Maybe an intensive care right now recovering from all the burns. It was on the cover. I'm telling you, I was listening and I just couldn't believe it was coming out of the radio. It was like, I can't listen to this. Did you come out of the radio? Of course, it was unbelievable. The two of my QAM, I don't know. The guy from Buffalo or whatever they had those two morons. Wait a second. Why did you do that? But here's the copy right here. You're going to change it. Okay. Okay. Go ahead, sir. We have another little copy problem there. I know that's very unusual at WIOD. Go ahead. So, they were chasing them up and down and Wayne gets on there and he says, well, but, you know, the thing you just played, he just said that's not what I said. He said, they took it out of context. And then he said, what I said was, and he said, the whole thing again, then he had some little thing afterwards. So, he said, and I wouldn't hurt my friends and groward. And he says, well, I would tell you something right now and you can mark it down. Mark it down. Broward Connie would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. I will not play here. Okay. Is there anything open to interpretation there? You've balled headed Zidface. What? What he said after the E said, well, and then when I said, he said, I said that, but after that, I said, if there's no other deal blah, blah, blah, blah, but like you said, I'm really inclined to believe exactly what you said. That he's doing a deal with Nashville or something because he said, well, if nobody comes up with a present deal, then I'm going to go ahead and move on and see what other offers are out here. But, oh, he's just playing the backyard bully. That's all. He's just trying to, he did this a couple of months ago. I'm going to give you a three months. And if you guys don't come up with a deal to build me in arena, that's it. I'm pulling it out. Okay. Now he's sticking it back in and threatening to pull it out. Well, he said that he's instructed his staff not to talk to anybody. Not to talk to Nashville, not to talk to this guy. Well, you're talking to Mickey Eres, and though. Oh, well, no, he said he wasn't talking. He didn't even know who the guy was last night on QAM. Well, how come he talked to him for half hour yesterday according to the article today, and they're all smiles and everything. Are the Eresons who owned a crew? You do know that they own a cruise line thing? Right. Oh, yeah. There were billions of dollars. They make Wayne look like a piker. Okay. They were billions. The two of them put together. They could like with pocket change build a beautiful arena. And if it's such a great prospect that he wants to taxpayers to fund it, why should we take away from them from these two great entrepreneurs greedy business guys? The chance to own the whole thing themselves all the sky boxes, all the advertising, all the concessions. They can have their own great thing. And Wayne doesn't have to spend a dime for the land. He's got all that land bar right by the state. And he could build the most beautiful arena anywhere in the world. I'd love to go there. I'd say I hate going down to the arena. It's just a, a, a, what a sock sucker. He is man. I'll tell you that right now. Furthermore, he started talking about this losing a million dollars a month. Yeah. Yeah. And he said, well, look. And he's losing 10 million. He was crying on depot shoulder. I'm losing 10 million this year. I've done the mullins. Even the nuts are better. Yeah. Exactly. He was squirting them all over the place. And here is two. Even if they build me in arena by the time that they've built it all, I'll have a $114 million. And like you said, what did you say? You make $80 million a year. No, I said, I said, I said, a 10% you make 80 million. Nobody who's worth a billion dollars has their money invested at 10%. He's probably making 20%. So figure 160 million here. Plus like I also said, guys, like that, generally are looking for a tax write up. They got to be losing on something. Because he's making money up the ass. Everything else he's got. He touches. How about losing on just for once to make us feel better. Lose a few bucks. Oh, he's been here 28 years. He's everybody's buddy. That was the only good line. Defol had at the very end of the interview. He said, well, maybe you will stay in your arena. What's a few million among friends? And when he's a buddy guy, don't say it again. He's everybody's friend. You heard him. I heard him last night. He keeps my buddy. Yeah. I asked him if he'd let me am million dollars a month. He said, no. Yeah. I owe him a million dollars. Well, he wants to be real close to you. He wants you to open wide and have a good time. Yep. Got to say two things. Real close. Real quick. And I'm real fast. You can't spell Moisha put it without you. Yeah. And Larry at Akra, you're a douchebag. Okay. Thank you. You can't spell Compulsive Lire without you. M. It's 1023 a WIO D. Have a night when the lights are dimmed. There's passion on 610 WIO D. I'm a real big believer. The secret to oral sex performing on a woman is not looking. It is light, sucking. Just the liquor. Just tongue is not suck. It's all I just am not going to invest. And now only that to get one of these tongues man. What is it? Fifty bucks, maybe? No for your suck. These tongues are expensive. I want to tongue out grab my own hand. No for that. That's our phones. With their en summers. We night's 8 o'clock in the night. Just the liquor used to talk an entertainment radio. 610 WIO D. 610 WIO D. If you like to be humiliated in public. Call us right now. God, you're a f***ing fool. Just liquor. What the things I hear and it made me ill now that it knocked your anared note. Feel for Ebola. Yeah, I'm heartless. You'd be Ebola. The doctor says I'm sick. Can I won't last long, but the peace I survived. The end of the song gets him. Okay, 1028 at WIO D. Happy Thursday to you know. At the risk of getting started on his diet thing again. All the way to fight out. Did you know, tell see was on this Atkins diet. Now we got a whole bunch of people. Closet people inside the building. People we've been listening to the show in a closet. They don't pretend that they don't. But there are honest, Atkins diet now. And the one thing that you learn as you go along and you learn the hard way like I did this morning. I don't want to blame George, but I will anyway. Sorry. Yeah, you ought to be peace I'd walk in direct. All the stuff. Look at that stuff I can't do yesterday to take home that big beautiful basket that that you baste to it sent over by here. My God, there was just there was about a week's worth of food for you and your marginal family. How do you like that? God, almighty. Have any voice on me this morning? Not. I didn't know you were going to go nuts. If I want nuts in the morning, believe me, it ain't going to be those. Or yours. But anyway, the bottom line is the lessons that you learn as you go along. I mean, I am telling you, I mean, that gave me religion right there. Some of us, and this is the message in the whole book, some people are not only have a carbohydrate intolerance. But some of us have a like wicked carbohydrate intolerance. I'm cutting them out, man, for the next several days. I'm going to have to start like all over now. Not that I'm going to get any weight back from a few nuts. But it's just that my blood sugar is gone way up. I went from feeling so goddamn great that usual euphoria when your blood sugar is real real low when you're diabetic. And you got a nice little like 54 when I, by the time I got to work, I took it one more time with 66 when I left the house. 66, 60, goddamn six. It was the anti-Christ blood sugar. Now I would say the other six is in there. It's probably 66. Thanks. Oh my god. So you learn your lesson, baby, the hard way. That's, you know, when you diddle around with your own body, so to speak, and you find little things like this that, you know. Oh my god, I just can't handle that. And that's he talks about that in the book too. You find the foods that you're allergic to, like that neutral sweet. You find out your immediate reaction to the, oh man, I'm telling you, I don't know how I'm going to continue. And I, especially know how I'm going to eat that great steak that's coming for lunch. You know we had lunch coming. Why didn't you just like sit on those nuts or something like that? Good way to get a hernia, but why didn't you know something? I thought they were allowed. What do I know about that? A handful. But once I started eating and you put a whole bit and they were good. Thanks a lot Ralph. Whatever the hell your name is, you faker. Now he's a good guy's got good nuts. But there were cash, he was in the wrong macadamies. I mean, and those, I love him. Didn't see me eat the almonds. Did you? I go for the good stuff. The cash used the macadamies nuts and man. I got such a heartburn right now. Could kill me. Oh man, oh man alive. Carbohide rates for it again. Not everybody. If you're doing great and you can eat all that stuff, I'm jealous. More power to it. Go out and have a banana split. I have 20 pounds of pasta with the sausage. Great. I only wish I could do the same. But like a millions of the rest of us, I can't. And man, what the impact, you know, in a half an hour, in a half an hour, I went from feeling the very best I could possibly feel in this decrepital marginal body of mine. The feeling now like I got a goddamn anchor on my ass. I feel like I'm under about a 4,000 pound weight. Like that thing in my septic tank that they showed me the day. But that's okay. This two shell pass and I'll be bouncing back. Here's Miramar. Hello. You know, I don't have that book yet. I want to get it. But I recently, my wife's from a 40 to a 38. Yeah. Yeah. I like the start. But I mean, I would do this. I don't know how did you do that? Well, I deliver water parts. And you started eating them. No. No. I deliver them. And we're all to walking them and doing it. That'll solve that constipation problem. A lot of our dieters are complaining of. Start eating auto parts, right? You can see metal hood. All right. Yeah. You could be one of the boys eating the hood. Right. Boys in the hood. You know that long. Yeah. You know that thing with high zinger. I wish you would have put the staming umbrella. I have never been in all my life. It just makes too much sense. I have never been in the past. So all grass thing would be perfect man. That would be the piece of that would be the piece the resistons. Right out there. Right off the saw grass expressway piece of cake. The only people would have a tough time with that would be the people on South day. I mean, they get hurricanes. They get everything. So they're used to with their troopers. I never been to a hockey game. That's why we say would put it up here. Yeah. Okay. Well, listen. When we put an exterior house, I'll call you and we'll. I'll be in the club. Um, there's a deli and daibi and on Griffin Road. But they be on a session. They have no cover food. They have a poker burger. Well, I'm not eating them. We have an open line in date. 75 one one and a proud. I'm just, I'm wild. I'm wild about those nuts. Anybody ever say that to you? Oh, my god. I can't, how could this happen to me? How many days have I come in here? Minding my own guide then business. And this guy at this nuts, they're I'm going to go down here and give him about a bang right now. Okay. Good intentions again. You know what they say about the best of intentions going to hell on a hand basket. Leave me alone. Okay. We arrange in here. We arrange. If we want like I said the other day I talked about what did I say? Bring him in some nuts. No. Everybody wants a plug on this guy. They am show because they realize it's the most powerful guy. They am show on a face of the globe. Everybody knows that except our sales department. But Jesus, Joseph and, and Ethel, what the hell kind of crap is this? I was talking about weanies. We wanted even that. Even though I don't need that right now. What have been something? The natural ones without the nitrates. I could have popped one of those in my post. No cover hydrates wouldn't have made me sick. I wouldn't have moved that blood sugar in inch. But what do I want to be? Five pounds of nuts. And you have that drag down like right up here in the upper. Like not only by your heart but like to the left upper by your shoulder like like this strangling feeling. Like there's a hand inside of me that's just squeezing your kishkis. And just bleeding the energy out of your pathetic little body. Carbohydrates. They suck. It's a sickness man. It's an illness. It's a disease. And we've stuck our finger on it. We've tapped into it. We've discovered it. For so many of us. It's killing us. And this guy sent me nuts. Man, I've been searching and scouring for some good. Okay, let's go to what North by me beach has gone. Two open lines. What the hell is going on with these people? They're here one second. They're gone. The next let's get with it. Brian blades his back in Seattle for Christ six is agent Drew Rosenhouse. He says this guy's got to play football man. He ain't gonna mess around. Scrup is all like this because he shot his cousin and he's dead. He ain't gonna mess around with some crap like that. He's playing football. He feels bad but he's gonna go. He got football to play. And I got my 10% to take whatever percentage getting of that 3.7 million. And he wants it. So don't you think you're gonna mess with us. You know, it's a pain in the ass. We had to come back here in this rough. And the coach is just sick about it. Coach is drinking up a storm out there in Seattle. He's so pissed off. So don't mess with Brian. Okay. Don't be messing with Brian. Two open lines in Dave 751 WIOD. One in Broward 524 9463. No comments on that. I've told you that nobody who listens to sports talk. Listen to us the rest of the day. There's no crossover at all. And thank God. But I would like to hear from just one person in this audience who are heard that embarrassing, that humiliating, that degrading, unclothing of Jeff the forest by Wayne High Pingo last night. I mean, a lick job, the likes of which I'm serious. If the authorities would have been listening, they'd have turned a station off right at that point. We'd lost our good at the yanked our license. They'd heanked it right there. 1035 is WIOD. You're finished expressed by the host guest or callers on WIOD. You're not necessarily those of the station or sponsors. All WIOD programs are copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated. No thanks recordings or transcripts may be created or distributed without prior written consent of WIOD Incorporated. I've never been around a team that has been more supportive of any player. And the reason is that they know a client. They know a kind of character Brian has. They know that this is an accident. They know the Brian would never do anything to hurt another person intentionally or negligent. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. They know a lot of people. But they know a lot. In fact, you're a little ход, and nobody dares to look at anybody. Why is there a lot of people who are keen to look at their own park, and asking their local owner to drive les mこ Cr Richtung right now, who keeps going for the car. Then, the owner will get an update on the car soon. Thanks. Teacher. Where are you from. From there. You know why I'm here. I was like came to the park and had the theme. How crazy and so Kara got it? You were like, oh, pretty crazy.итесь. because this water comes from a pagan temple to the sun God in that Italian Alps and we got all these, you know, Simon has goddesses and everything all swimming around there if they live forever. They've been there forever. Yeah, I saw him as I flew over the Italian Alps on the way back this last time from where all my songs. We're weaving bye bye. That's right. Yeah. But anyway, great. I wanted to thank you so much and I want to tell you that they sent me some tapes of things you said on the air and I tell you we think we're successful in our office but you made us feel pretty. All right. Are you better get with it, Bramber? We're almost up to the 15th century in America. You better get with a program. Great. We'll keep at it. Thank you so much and you're doing the right thing. I love your good stuff, Barbara. Thanks a lot, no. And you're water too. Have a great day. Thank you, bye bye. How do you like that? That's nice. We have an open line in day. Let me take a little swing right now. Okay. To wash down those nuts. Oh, I'm not kidding. Man, I'm not exaggerating. George has keeps feeling worse and that's why I keep repeating it. I have the cramps and I think without the M. There you go. That's so late. The best. Especially the sparkling. I mean, if you like the plane, if you have no personality, like the blade, the bland, that's okay. I like my with little sparkle and little something to cut through all the, cut through the mustard and the nuts. Here's Hollywood. Hello. How are you doing today? Okay, sir. Okay. I was doing a lot better about an hour ago before I started eating those nuts. I don't want to keep emphasizing that, but I will. Well, you're touching, though, he's full off the wagon every time. Oh, yeah, but but why? I mean, if I'm going to fall off the wagon, give me like a hot foot sunnier, or something. Give me a banana splick. Give me a pound of pasta, but not nuts. That's where it is. I know. Listen, I heard Wayne not in your station on QA. Yeah. I'm going to say I think the guy has a couple of points. Number one. I've got a couple of points. Yeah, one on each side of his head like the devil. Absolutely. I really think the guy was sincere about the Broadway County thing. He was, uh, what do you mean by that? Well, come here about he lied about it. What do you mean he was in Siri lied about it? The second statement, after he said he went play in Broward, it was a personal decision. He wasn't going to go around being a cues of being blackmailed, being a blackmailer to the county as other owners have been accused. I'm going to tell you something right now when you can mark it down. If Broward County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build his facility, I will not play here. Okay. Is there any question what that means? Yes, there is. No, there is not. You look at the statement after it. He made it. He met a clear the reason why he said that was that he wasn't going to be a blackmailer of Broward County. He lived a lot of people. The fact is, no, what he said was that he wasn't going to go back on his statement that he made before. This man's gone back on every statement that he's ever made, including he wasn't interested in elistin buying the dolphins. And then within a matter of weeks after that, he bought the dolphins. It was the same with your obby stadium. He was had no interest in buying the stadium a matter of weeks after that. He bought the stadium. If he tells you it's Tuesday, you better look at the calendar and see what day it really is. If he tells you the sun is shining, you better look for a big moon. Okay. The other thing he said is, he's probably flashing at you. The other thing he said there, he was willing not to make any money on 110 million that he invested in the thing. Just go for the whole thing is a break even operation. And I think that's a you know, a reasonable deal. Man says he's not going to make any money that you can believe him. I don't. I don't believe anything he says. Well, so how do we save hockey for Florida? Because you turned me on to it. I'm not seeing it. We save hockey for Florida by Mickey Erison and Wayne Hizanga sitting down, figuring out that they're going to put it right there on a property he owns by the stadium. And right now to check and building a nice state of the art arena and owning all the sky boxes and everything there. And if it's such a great deal, they'll make all the money and charges are our money. And we'll go and pay it and have a good time. Okay. I'll go for that. Okay. Go. Good bye. See you. Yeah. If you go see how easy it is to manipulate the public. You say something one day. And then I never said that. You got it on tape. But I never said that listening to the rest of what I said. Yeah. Well, I did listen to the rest of what he said. He says it right there. And he even emphasizes market down market down, baby, put it down in blood because that's what he said. I got you down. Exactly. We marked it down in in in in in delible ink. And it's right down there on Jeff the forest's butt. That's what it says right there. But but but but but as in big ass looking whatever. And now he says, oh, I didn't mean that. Well, uh, oh, anybody, we don't care who it is. Brower, Dave Monroe Palm Beach, Kyle your county, the moon, Uranus. Anybody that's well, that's dumb enough to start taxing the public. And the sun Sentinel comes right along like a bunch of obedient ass liquors like they are. And they have a lead editorial here today in the sun said, oh boy, we can't wait to likey likey there's a hell of a line there waiting to likey him. No, he's got a shiny ball spot. Even Steve Ziggler's balls, bought don't shine like that thing close. A new home for the panthers and heat makes sense for South Florida lead editorial in a slum Sentinel today. In the initial discussions. Ah, well, before that it says regardless of whether the civic center is located in Sunrise, uh, for Lauderdale, Boca Miami or on high pingas land near Joe Robby, Stadium in North Thade, people need to keep an open behind an open mind concerning tax support. That's what he wants you to keep an open behind because he's going to really, uh, in the initial discussions on a Brower at Civic Center, knee jerk, neck, knee jerk, negativity overwhelmed the debate rather than waiting for the data and carefully weighing costs versus benefits, most Browered residents turned a quick thumbs down. Currently South Florida plays host to Major League Baseball, football, backsipon hockey. That says a lot about an arena that's quickly developed into one of the nation's great population and economic centers. An area, arena area, here, right. South Florida is in the big leagues and it needs to do its best to make sure the big league teams that gave it its national exposure heard a say, if Florida was in the big leagues, it wouldn't have the Hurl in the Sun Sentinel. I'll tell you that right now. It would have somebody with a ball to stand up to Wayne Hypinga and a couple of the writers at the papers like Dave Joseph and Dave Hyde and Greg, what's his name? Kote and who was the other one? Whatever the hell is name was? A couple of the writers who got the ball to stand up to Wayne Hypinga, but all you butlickers out there like the editorial board. Every time he says jumpy snaps his fingers you guys go through hoops, man. You see, you don't want to get the message, do you? You don't want to get the message that people in this area with all the other pressing needs that we got, they're not willing to spend their tax money to help a bunch of millionaires build in arena. We're willing to spend our own dollars to go there and help subsidize the team if we like it, which I do and a lot of other people do, that's fine. But as far as building it with our money, no way Jose, it's a slap in the face of the goddamn public and for him to come on here and wine about he's losing 10 minutes, I'm going to tell you something Andy, if you don't stick your foot way up Jeff the forest ass, there's going to be a long line of people to do it. Exactly. What a hose job there last night, man. Wayne, I understand his drain. He's an intensive care this morning from getting the hose done two different radio stations last night. Man, oh man, it's a miracle, a man will ever walk again. It's a gorgeous, great. Rightening. 1049, I think I think what you ought to do is send fill out there and next time we have the opportunity like that, and pretend to be Jeff the forest. And let the Steve Ornell do the interview on that bald headed geek. Then we'd have some serious questions. Boy, yeah, trust me. 1049 at WIOD the way. He's a such an asshole. Just lick up. He yelled at that man, it's that green shirt because he would be taking a shower with hangover asshole asshole. He's way hising a such an asshole. He's just like Hitler and a Dave Ornell. What's that? He's mounding on. Yeah, but let me say something first. Let me say something. When the sexual asshole, he only think there is love to say is dropped in right away. And I'm going to tell you something else you people with the short memories. This is the same guy who said about two months ago before just one of the season was ending. He says, if you guys don't put something together within the next three months, I'm going to give it a deadline. And if you don't put it together, the team will be sold. That's what he said. And now all of a sudden this guy because he comes on here and he tries to like smooth it over after opening his big temperamental psychotic mouth after that, you know, this guy and thousands of others out there believe it because he comes on here and he lies a lot. All he does like, you know, again, the school yard bully. He just keeps threatening and threatening and if well, there's just no way and if you guys don't do that. And then last night he's telling D4 in the middle of all this looking that's going on. He said, oh, what, you know, when we went for the Panthers, I got a woman that was a mistake in the first place. We didn't really study the least with the arena well enough. And that we were in a big hurry and we only had a short period of time. In other words, he's seen his a bad business man. We're supposed to feel sorry for him. Okay? Poor baby. We're going to drown in that sea of crocodile tears underlined the crock part. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Going twice. Okay, all of the date is wide open. Now, 7519463. There's not one person who heard that on the, everybody heard him on sports to on the after the game last night on QA and that's kind of interesting. That's revealing. But nobody heard the objective forest aslicking with the Wayne Hizing and out one person in the Saudi insurgent last night. Not one. That is astonishing. Here's Cooper City on a purple line. Hello. Hey, Uncle Neo. I sure. All right. Here's the one guy. Yeah, I thought it was an early addition of passion phones and the topic was men doing men. Oh, my God. You know, I don't want to be labor, but I think we just we need to organize one day where we all just ban anything that has Hizing on it. I know you do already, but a lot of people still, you know, and all these people that are like, I am so disgusted with this column and a suncental. I think it was Gordon Eads this morning who generally has a little bit of a brain, but I guess lost it. He writes this butts, Marlins have earned the warm welcome home. And oh, it's the player of the All-Star game, Jeff Koneye and erronering him. Nobody. I mean, he's a good player and he's a good guy, but nobody cares about Jeff Koneye. And it's the prettiest no-mo that Jeff pitcher for the Dodgers that everybody's supposed to be so excited about. He doesn't want to get it. Gordon Eads doesn't get it. Wayne don't want to get it. The owners and the players don't want to get it. The public is saying, we don't care. We're not interested. And if the public gets sucked into coming out and I hear D.F. saying the same thing, oh, if we don't have 40,000 people on that game tonight, there's something really wrong. There's something wrong. All right. And that is that the people are pissed off of subsidizing spoiled rich people. We're sick and tired of it. And I'm going to tell you another thing about another reason I like hockey and I can't stand some of these other sports. Uh-huh. Hockey. These guys go out there. They're putting out an effort. They get injured. They like crawl on their knees. They hop over the bench to just, you know, they continue under the most impossible circumstances because their real men is managed to would say. Baseball, Gary Shephal had that injury rounding second base. He's standing there holding a stomach gets tagged out. He don't give a crap about anything. You watch these baseball players today. The guy for the other team gets a base hit. He goes to first base and the first baseman from the opposing team Pat some on the ass with his glove. What the hell is that? You would never have seen that 30 years ago. You never would have seen the kind of, and basically the message you get in baseball and football. Not in hockey, but in baseball and football is, hey, we're a bunch of spoiled millionaires. We got ours. I mean, if we win that's nice, but we don't care because winner lose we're getting a big box. You know what I'm saying? That's all. Yeah, they're not sports and they're not athletes. They're they're a bunch of drug addicts, they're a bunch of criminals. Look at look at boxing. Look what's happening at that joke. You know, they're all four men won the fight. That was a six by Don King if I've ever seen more of what a concept. Yeah, and then this crime blades thing, you know, I'll tell me that wasn't drugs and booze involved. And what's he doing? Bringing a gun into a room where there's a fight. That's the last thing you do in this world unless you're defending your house. I love you live in Miami, right? Well, I'm the share in Miami of course, too. Yeah, that's required. But, and this thing with I think everybody wants to look and say, oh, Daddy, I think he's taking care of us and then when he turns out. He's taking care of us all right. He's taking care of us all right. He's up three different counties. I'm sorry, three different cities to get his own county established and then when it wasn't going to be profitable, walked away after beating up so many chambers of commerce and commissioners. And now, everybody still patronizes his stores. I guess everybody forgets about the, you know, that pizza place he put out a business and they forget about that soundware house deal and the guys that he fired because they're here was a little bit too long for Uncle Wayne. He wants everybody to march into line and go step along on his agenda and everybody else can be damn. That's the deal. If everybody can't walk away from them for good, like it's like you and I and people brain have done. I can walk away from them for good. I'm going to the Panther games. I'm not walking. I'm not going to spite myself. Well, no, no, not the Panther games, not that. Don't do that. But I'm saying, don't go to the blockbuster world or whatever he's got out there and for lotters. Don't go to the blockbuster videos, the blockbuster music stores. You know, where everybody looks the same. All they need is a little mustache. And with a presence of all, we're jacked up and you're getting ripped off right. Exactly. What, you know, how much is one day, one day, everybody boycott anything that has icing on the table. That ain't going to happen. I know what it should. I'm not going to happen. I know, please keep our lemon their sheep, just like this guy. He represents thousands of others. They heard big daddy on a radio last night, unfortunately not on this station. They heard him on ear last night and he alights through his teeth. Oh, yeah. Well, he's got a point. He's got a point out right now. Right, and you can probably feel it where you said have a great life. I think you're right. I'd like to whistle. Badges. We don't need no stinking badges. All the hemorrhages. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. My M-E-Ford Lodardale. W-E-Y-N-E. This is your vacation. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD presents the Neal Roger show to talk with Neal, call 751 WIOD in date. You've got to have. WIOD in Broward. For the last time, the 305 area code. It's toll free. 1-800-944-WIOD. I think it's a new one-custard risk call pound-io-d. No problem. The Neal Roger show. A news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. What father-on-malley school union? He'll dial in off the mic. Yes, that father-on-malley school union. You'll receive a body of cries. Oh, on to father-lose road. He's naked because that's his style. He's a big, poor, easy act man. He's an old cut-of-pile. He's all bent over again. The trail of a lifeline. Over and over again. Oh, I would not worship all scots. No. I do not worship the cut-of-pile. And the father-on-malley school union. I get down on my knees and pray. Oh, yes, the father-on-malley school union. You'll then open wide. The father-on-malley school union. Okay, that's all pack up and go to a horizontal Lopez's house and see if we can't get all this, you know, we get an exorcism would be good. It's 11 o'clock at WIOD. We have an open line of day-one and brown, one-on-a-green line. One here, one there and one there everywhere. Okay, that's what we got. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi Neal, how's it going? Oh, good. Good. Neal, were you at dessert level before you started the accent diet? Not all that much? Not all that much? I mean, yeah, I like my ice cream and I like my pies and I like my cookies and I like my cakes and I like, but not not, not, not, not, not the particular. Well, I have some good news for you. You know, I have the old book, so it has some recipes and a better. But I mean, not something I don't do recipes. I don't need that. I don't need desserts. Okay, well for those listeners who do simple simple. It does the ice cream last night. Yeah. It's great. And I also have these recipes in the new book. Oh, good. Well, then my advice is I tested it out and do try it. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Take care. See ya. Open line in day, 7, 5, 1, WIOD. We have two lines in brown, or five, two, four, nine, four, six, three. You know what really pisses me off big time? Yes, today and again today. I come on here and I share with you some of the things that I'm discovering myself. I share with you. Does that sound like some real cycle babble crap? Uh-oh. Now, he's now we know that not through having effect on ed brain. Whatever is left of it. And I get nothing. We've got thousands and thousands of people out there who have bought this book who are on this diet. Most of whom that we're hearing from are really doing great a lot better than I am. Because obviously, I'm one of those super resistant people that just about going to have to not eat any carbohydrates for about the next two months, which is okay after I just discovered what it's all about. Nothing. Zero. See, I'm supposed to be the cheerleader. In fact, my mother said to me several days ago, she says, Well, you know, now, after that article in the Harold, people are counting on you. You're going to have to be the ringleader. You're going to have to do the real good now. And that's why she goes in and puts onions in the hamburgers. When I told her, don't put any onion in the hamburger, God damn it. Don't put no onions in there. She keeps trying to slip all of sex to a stuff in there. She puts on a table, all of this crap that I can't eat. But it's on that page. Yeah, but that domain is supposed to eat all of it with the same meal. Okay, you got it. But I have to set the good example. But hey, they're not going to give me nothing back because they don't give a crap about me. And whether I lose the waiter, feel good or not. All they are is like selfish or want something for themselves. Like most people. Open line and date one and brown one on the green line. Here's the lady in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. Got a quick question for you. How many peanuts did you eat? I didn't eat any peanuts. Well, you did. When I turned radio on this morning, you were talking about all these peanuts. I never know I'd do it not talking about peanuts. See, here we go again. How do you buy bowl of burgers? There were nuts. Okay. I had almonds. No, I did not eat the almonds. I had cashews. I had macadamia nuts. Okay. Enough to fill up our waste basket. Because those things like we like mall carbohydrates, they're addicted to them. Once I start having a couple and if the whole box, I could eat the whole box. Okay. That right now. I could eat the whole box and right now I'd be on the floor. Pupin my gut side. Well, my husband and I have been on Dr. Atkins' diet for about five weeks now. Yeah. We both have done really good. I think we both lost between 12 and 15 pounds. Great. And put the thing is, we're trying to find what's a good snack food when you're sitting there watching television and cheese. Well, that and we also, oh, I know. Colony, did you ever try this? Jello? Jello? Jello? Really bad for you. No Christmas wheat. Oh, no, do you see? But if you don't have a problem with it, if it doesn't slow you down, that's okay. But a lot of people, including me, no no, do you know what you're sweet? It's a killer. Oh, okay. Bad. But the other thing we've been snacking on is probably just like maybe just a handful of peanuts. That's why I was when I heard you. Yeah, handful. A very small handful. Otherwise, it's going to slow you away down. Okay. All right. But try like, you know, little piece of cheese. Y'all'sburg. Little salami. Yeah, those are good too. Yeah. All right. Well, listen. Thank you for talking to me. Okay. Good luck. Bye-bye. Open line in Dave County, 7519463, one in Broward, 524WIOD. The deadest place on the face of the earth is Miami. That's why I have to laugh every time these assholes and these newspapers keeper. Oh, we've got all the sports. This is a real big league town. This is this is Poedong, Phil. This is a big Hick Town spread out over a big wide area with a bunch of Veney endothalves with a bunch of disconnected little municipalities and a bunch of disconnected Disjointed people who have nothing in common and no common interest. And that's that's not Florida for you. And all these rednecks, all these locals, all these very little perocule people like the news paper people and the chamber of commerce people. Oh, this is a world class city. Well, obviously these people have never really been anywhere. That is a real world class city. Because God Almighty, if there really is such a thing as a world class city, this ain't it. But hey, what like some of you bastards up if it's a last god damn thing I do in the way I feel right now probably will be what time are they bringing that food? What time is Woody coming back in here again today? Oh, man. Not only my nauseous from those nuts, but I got to look at his pussy again today. That's going to be it. I think that'll pull me over the edge. 1113 at WIOD. 610 WIOD stress really without Lizzy. He's an ozone provocateur. It's time to tell lies on progity. Progity is online chanfys. You're lets you chat anonymously with people all over the world. People you don't have a chance in hell of ever meeting. Which means you can lie your head off. Oh fellow progity users, I'm 6 foot 5, ruggedly handsome no pimples, especially not on my back and I'm a spy. A pretty important spy too. I'm currently involved in a very sensitive assignment working undercover at the drive through it Burger Hut. Oh and our national securities and stakes on don't tell anyone okay. When you tell lies on progity you can join any discussion group you want and no one can call you on. I'm so glad I found this new young mother's breastfeeding discussion group. As a new young mother myself, I make it and my nipples are very sensitive. Yes, when you tell lies on progity you can become anyone you want. Confidence all the stud muffin. I'm a petite blue eyed blonde 105 pounds. Now I won't walk along the beach. Jenny is a fault weapon. Oh wait, time for time. Oh I mean, Daisy's. Tell lies on progity. It's a great way to get a life, especially if it's not your own. And especially if you don't have one. 1118 at WIOD let's go to Fort Lauderdale. Praise the Lord for the angry prophet denouncing hypocrisy of our time. Howard. What? Howard Veal. What's wrong with being an angry prophet denouncing hypocrisy of our time? I don't know. Do you want to be an angry prophet denouncing hypocrisy of our time? Yeah, I think I would like to be an angry prophet denouncing the hypocrisy of our time. Then go for it. Praise the Lord. I can give you the whole goddamn dialogue from that work starting right at the beginning. Last night I can't forget. I'll get back to you. Diana. Neil, last night I ripped two a.m. for being shields of emperor wings. Yeah. One of them cries to me. He's so sincere. He's losing so much money. Who said that one rock hit or the mind? No, rocky. No, but verified. Do you have access to it? Yeah. Do you have access to his books? Secondly, if he's losing so much money and he doesn't want to lose so much money, then sell the goddamn team. Sounds like a simple prescription to me. Also yesterday, Joseph Gacky wandered out loud. Where's the community support? Why aren't we helping this man? Joseph Gacky, my community supports stuff that my god damn wall. Joseph Gacky sucks. Okay. The fact is the community is supporting the team like crazy. 97% sell out in the two seasons or one and a half seasons we had so far, which is better than most of the teams in league. And especially for a half past expansion team, better than anybody could have expected in the back water town like this. So the fans have been there showing their support. The ticket prices are rejected way to help again this year. Nobody's complaining too much about it. Fans are still going back. So the fan support has been sensation. But leave it to an ass sucker like Joseph Gacky with those cocky-mami eyebrows. To once again get that tongue out. You know, when are we going to get rid of all these ass lookers we have in this town from Jeff to Forest and Joseph Gacky and the editorial board at the Sun Sentinel to just a few people who have the guts to tell the truth. Well, there are no balls in this town man. The reason why I'm not. The reason why it's because QAM is desperate to get the dolphin. Just near the dolphin. More. Can I tell you something? Can I tell you something? Can I tell you something? Very funny. They're losing their ass on the Marlin. Okay. Now let me tell you at number two. The dolphin contract runs out on this station in a couple of years. The dolphins don't make money on WIOD and never have. It's at a very expensive. They pay $3 million a year for the rights. Then all the expenses for the line charges and paying the announcers and all the other stuff that they're the producers. It is the most and the network. It's one of the most time consuming and expensive and got awful ventures that anybody would ever have to get into. And I think that would be perfect for the assholes at QAM. Let them have one more goddamn white elephant that they can lose their ass. And I'm telling you right now those two bosos that don't QAM and kiss. They can't afford to take any more punishment. If they wind up getting another losing proposition, they're going to have to sell that thing. Don't let up. You'll keep the pressure on this. Okay. Come on. See ya. Two open lines. They're both in Broward. Of course Broward's been abused. They took it all back. He said anywhere. Okay. Whatever you say. Somebody. Anyplace. Anyone. And I'm going to say it again. Mickey, Erisid and Wayne, Haising, between the two of them. They got enough money to buy and sell all the rest of us. Fifty million times over with. And I for one. And I have a house. I'm a taxpayer in Broward County. I'm not spending a dime. Attacks money to subsidize any goddamn arena. Convention Center. White elephant. Whatever the hell it is. I'm not doing it. If it isn't enough that I go there and subsidize with my own heart. And money to buy tickets. And promoted on the God Day. Merin put thousands of people in their seats. But you're never got to thank you for by the way. From the people who really counted that organization. Thousands of people in the God Day. I'm hockeyier in the last two years. Not for Wayne Haising. But because I love the sport. I love the Panthers. That's why. And by the way, I see that we sign Tom Fitzgerald and Jody Hullin. Who is the other one? Somebody else. I just go on Brian. Maybe we can work on some speech therapy for you. So I'm doing my part. Okay. But the taxpayer shouldn't have to get raped again. And then you know, there was an interesting thing that came on that and if you yesterday, besides the fact that the defos such an Aslicker. And that was the fact that he says, well, you know that whole deal at first deal or with the restaurant tax. That wasn't my idea. That's right. And see, this is another thing the Sun sent obviously. He's got a bad memory laps about. The reason that there was such a negative immediate impact or feedback from the public on that deal was because they tried to slide it through. They were working behind closed doors with the legislator up in Tallahassee. And it was all. It wasn't even Wayne's idea. You can't blame him for this one. It was a bunch of greedy hotel and restaurant operators over there on a strip on the beach. Who thought, yeah, well, I'll get the legislator to okay. Another sent to sales tax increase. And we'll have it right over here, which there's no way to get there. It made no sense over there. There is no highways. There's no road. There's no access to it. And that it made no sense. But just a bunch of greedy assholes who decided arbitrarily behind closed doors. Let's voice this on the public. And let's go behind their back and go to Tallahassee. And let's see if we can't squeeze this through. And the public got pissed off. Well, what a surprise, okay. So while you rocket scientists over there at the editorial board in the Sun Sentinel man, maybe a lob bottom he might help you out. Okay, like you did that Kennedy daughter. Put you off in a broom closet somewhere and never be heard from again like her. I mean, let's get serious. Keep slapping the public in the face over and over. Well, I didn't really mean that. Okay, oh, yeah, you're a good guy. Okay, now we got you. All right. I'm trying to say in the same page how much do you want? And in order to spy the way I'm not getting one call today about that thing about waste management that we talked about yesterday's southern sanitation, which I would think that we had gotten a lot of calls about that. Somebody who at least can give me what the law is about whether we have to keep subsidizing wins company, whether we want to or not if we're a homeowner. Or we can't just get rid of our own garbage. Can't even get an answer from that from all you dead heads out there. God, almighty. And you wonder how this town is so easy. And it easily manipulated by a few greedy bastards. And also heard on it later on on Defosho, when he's asking, I, gee, hey, I believe that crap he was saying, which he didn't have the vault to say to his face. And some guy caught in the defos, trying to say, when you know Joe Robby came to the public, too, Joe Robby did come to the public. And when he got turned down, instead of being a spoiled child, and said, well, I'm packing up the dolphin and believe me, there were plenty of markets in this country that would have given her left nut for the dolphins. Instead, he went out there and used his own money and helped get the funding to build Joe Robby Stadium, which let's face it if we didn't have Joe Robby Stadium, the dolphins and the marlins would be like in deep doo-doo also. So the Sun Sentinel can remind us, oh, we got the dolphins in the Mara. Yeah, but we got Joe Robby Stadium, which is now owned by the same goddamn grave robber, but was built by Joe Robby, which everybody thought he was an asshole. He was a saint. He was a giant compared to this midget brain compared to this garbage salesman. 1124, WIO, dear. 16WIOD, we've partyed all through college and look at us now. This is your ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Roger. Hi, I'm so Pia Coppola, when I'm not acting, which is most of the time, I like to cruise around with my famous father. Take a left, Sophie. Yes, Dad. And I'm really learning to take direction well too. Take a right, Sophie. Yes, Dad. And now I'm even doing car. I'm even doing car. Commercials. Commercials. Oh, Daddy, what do you think this is? Any way? Get the nuts. Filing hopefuls for you. Hope down, Sophie. I think it's a baby, stupid, and so on. 1128, I remember when Godfather 3 came out and the guys calling in saying, Oh, yeah, that's what the Italian men like is women with the shnives like that. And you believe that? The guys calling it invading it. Admitting what? That they thought she was hot? Yeah, a number? You could have a party just on her nose. Or on her nose. Open line and Broward, five to four of the green lines I gave up years ago on. And why don't I know? Why waste our time with them? Because they're going to have the hockey team up there and pompe each of them. We'll be down here sucking high in the leg. Here's Helen Dale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Heindin, yes. How you doing, Neil? Okay. This is Neil. Let's talk to you about, uh... Nobody else heard that show last night on Sports Talk. I'm Tony Manifet Show's got a 0.00 share. It's a miracle to me. These sports shows man get rid of him. Neil. Yeah. I want to talk to you about Brian Blades. Yes. Who's in charge? Who's in charge of what? Of Disgac. Dennis Erickson. Who's the hexes? And Joe's from Barry. He's a football player. He's a football player. He's a football player. He's a football player. He's a football player. He's a football player. He said the president. He only, but there's only one guy dead with O.J. It was two. So this is small potatoes. Oh, this is terrible. I can tell you. Don't you understand this guy's got a football career. Are you some kind of ungrateful bastard that he's playing out there with a sea Hux and he's running fast to run. Jump and hire. He's a lot higher than he ever was before. Oh my god. Really good. This high thing, guys. Yeah. Neil, that the arena is going up around Joe Robby Stadium. Forget about it. It's not going any place up. So the role is wrong. The parking is in place. Yeah. It's in a black community that means they're not going to be able to stop this guy. They're going to bring this. Well, just a minute. Why would anybody want to stop it? What's wrong with it being there? That's where it belongs. It should have been there five years ago. Well, you know, there's nobody should have ever built the Miami arena in downtown Miami in the middle of a slum. Who the hell wants to go there? This is true. This is true. But, you know, there are people who are complaining that, you know, they're still building homes around there. So. And it's getting congested. Sometimes it's a problem just to help. Well, guess what? Sometimes it's a problem just to get out on sunrise. Bull of our R.I.L. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. There's a lot of people who are out there. Well, he did just go off the phone and that pleased me a lot. It belongs out there. You know how long ago I was talking about this? Way back when I was on W. snooze at night doing all that. Hello, Dr. All-ipcraft. And I remember that Howard Forman, the Torpey Howard Forman, with a stupid little pipe and it's stupid little mustache. I said, no, I don't need to go away for five years and come back. I'll get this all done. You're just so negative, yeah. Here we are. It's like 15 years later and there's still hot going to try to come out doing it right. And what was the name of the brothers that left the land? They gave the land to Jorabe. They left it to the dolphins. They owned it. That whole parcel. No, seriously, there was two brothers. Very wealthy brothers. And they owned that enormous lot out there. That whole dolphin complex. Which there is a name for that. But at Lake Lucerne. And they owned all of that. And they just for like a dollar. They left it to the dolphins to Jorabe. And of course, Wayne bought it all. So he owns that whole thing there. And then we kept here in a bottle. There was, this is not Blockbuster Park. We're talking about the complex that was supposed to be there long time ago. And the original discussion was there was going to be a domed stadium for baseball and never happened, which I got news for it. Even as pissed off as people are, they had a domed stadium in this tropical slaughterhouse of a jungle. There'd be a hell of a lot more people going to those games. Instead of sweating their ass off and fighting mosquitoes, the size of bowling balls. And there was supposed to be also a big ol' Olympic track there. And it was going to be all this other facilities. And there's plenty of room to build it all. It never happened. And there was going to be the arena. And it was going to be this end of the stadium. So here we are. 15, 20 years later. And they're still talking and squawking and everything else. And they can't make up their goddamn mind. No, it just makes too much sense. It reminds me of those assholes that say, oh, we missed the orange bull. The orange bull is a toilet. Okay. It doesn't have any toilets. But it is a toilet. It's a piece of direct. And nobody in their right mind except some of those demented drug-induced UM fans. Nobody wants to go to that part of town under a penalty of death. Nobody wants to go to the goddamn orange bull. Unless, of course, it's FSU and a hurrah hurricanes. Then all of a sudden it's a big happening. So they'll go anywhere. If they were playing in Boit and Beast, they would go there. But don't fight this. These people with anything that's common sense. Because here's something right at the date-browered line. That's got its own exit on the turnpike for crying out loud. You drive in right off the turnpike and you're right inside there, man. What the hum more convenience could you want than that? Oh, no. I didn't make too much sense. I like that guy that called in the first hour. He never seen a hockey game. But when a build and arena right next to his house, he might actually go because he here, it's pretty good. Here's a lady in Del Rey. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Calling you because I just heard a tiny bit of the forest last night. Yeah. And what I did here made me turn it off. Because he was sitting there saying that he was talking about the high-concession prices. And how well that's okay. Because this is American free enterprise in the satney. That's okay. Sure. Free enterprise means rip off their fans. You're already paying these big bucks for all your tickets. I'm just making money with this mor子. And sucking. And just hitting the turkey. Right. And then also on the acnes. One thing for you if you hadn't checked it out is the pepper chat. Pepper jack cheese has zero carbs. Yeah. He's called the lawn has no carbs. Which I love, Prof. Lohn. And your all's brewer has zero. 12 pounds and two weeks. Great. Congratulations. Thank you both times. There was you that got me started on it. Great. Keep doing. Okay. What the hell does tapin' it? And she'd get like kidnapped or something there or what? It's not like somebody just stuck her head in a waist pass. Get in the dangle the phone against it. And the basket too. Oh, man. We got it open line of day. One in Broward. Two on the green lines. Four on a mahogany line. 16 on a burgany line. 27 on a red lines. 42 on black. Oh, I'm sorry. Here's Miami on the purple line. Hello. There. Yes, sir. Hey. How you doing? Oh, okay. Good. Thinking with the greed and wane for a minute. I've been a dolphin season ticket holder for about six years until this year. Yeah. After that playoff game. Me too. When they went ahead and put out all the parking passes for everybody. That was a nice touch. That was great. And not like that last caller was talking about the caller before about all those other parking Lops are building now. That's not preparing anything. So now that if you buy a ticket even goes in there for one, you can now get a parking pass. So it's first come first serve. Nice. So if you want to go three hours or four hours before a game, you may actually get close to the stadium. So that's the story with WAN. So he's really supporting the game. The ticket to those season ticket holders, maybe just Tom to bend over and stick it in at pitch forcas far as it'll go. Well, I supported him. I gave him up. So anyways, going to another subject. Brew, Rosen, hows is this? Yeah. Would you roast in house? Would you buy a used car from that man? He's a piece of crap. Everybody knows he's a piece of crap. All these agents and these promoters, man, they're all on their just like Don King man. They're just Don King with a different hairdo. I was watching him on TV last night. Yeah. Yeah. He's attitude. He, this is the most arrogant son of a bitch I've ever seen in my life. Well, he's not going to do this. What do you think? He's going to get all the occupies life with us just because he shot his cousin. He's that he's got football to play man. Who the hell are you? People anyway. He had to come all the way back here. You got some goddamn nerve, man. That was just an accident. Let him go on a play some football and be a thupor thar. What doesn't he remind you a little bit of a parrot? Yeah. A big fur. A big fur. Okay. I'll have a great life. We have an open line on a purple line. One in Broward 524. He's got football to play. We can't be messing around his life with it. This little contra-tomph here. This is just an inconvenience for us. He got to be in camp, man. Cause then it's Eric Thinnett's drinker like a maniac. Now like a fish. And he better throw Borough when he gets back. Cause he's got a run-fast and jump high. And he'll be almost as high as Dennis. It's 1137 at Wild. 16Wild. Think of us as mutant genes looking for a new target organ every day. It's me again, Bob. Doosh when you're done. No, it is white. And no, you're gonna feel it, baby. You know it? Here it is timing so white. He's a hockey, ha ha ha. You make the white one, baby. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a hockey, ha ha. It's gonna lead white, right? And go cage and be juda-bo. And ain't got no ball. You think the white one, baby. Yeah. The white one, baby. You know it is white. You just got the face and. Yeah. Uh-huh, uh-huh, you got to ride me. Uh-huh, uh-huh, if it's completely predictable, very uncomfortable and lovely, full of bull. You picked a white one, baby. Uh-huh. 1142, a WIOD. There's an opening in date. A big white opening. It looks like the Grand Canyon. The purple cellular one line. There's a big white hole right in the middle of it. And there's a one in Broward and one on the green line. Oh, man. I knew the dog days of summer. I knew that we were like right on the edges of it. Now, but now we got Y-Mariners. We got German shepherds. We got collies. We got golden retrievers. We got menpins. Big pins. We got bowling pins. We got it all. We're a dyno behavior, man. Every day is drudgery because these people are dead and they need somebody to just just stick. I think Wayne's doing a service for you, man. He keeps sticking at Pittsburgh in there deeper and deeper and deeper. And you can't feel it just yet. But one of these days when it hurts the most. Here's my me lakes. Hello. And Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah. Joe Robby you mentioned before. He got a game credit for bringing him down. But he's also the guy that are eventually brought in Wayne. What do you mean, eventually brought him in? Well, because he constructed the stadium. He was kind of strapped financially. I think he was the one that the guy who lifted Wayne to bring in baseball and needed the financial backing in order to put this whole thing together. I think you're dreaming how many years ago did Joe Robby die? I think he died about five years ago. If you remember, just after he passed away, Tim and Danny were the guys that signed the paperwork with Wayne. Yeah. He was already in the work before, you know, obviously before Joe died. Yeah. Well, so what does that mean? Oh, I'm just saying. So in other words, we're going to blame him postumously for the fact that we're going to have to have all the stuff he's done since then. Well, the guys are saying, but he made a mistake. You know, constructing G RS because he's starting to so financially eventually had to give away something that brought into the family. The long to the, well, I will belong to another family. The worst family I'm talking about. Yeah, that's a few. You know what I'm talking about. I'm not playing no music. You know what family I'm talking about. I don't want to get too specific, but we all know exactly what we're talking about. Have a great day, pal. Joe Robbie's done. Let's dig him up. Okay, and build him a statue or something. Let's dig his ass right there in that sea where Wayne is supposed to sit. So the next time he goes there, there's Joe Robbie's stiff sit right there with that scene. And of course you never know with Joe because whether he was dead or live, he always had that same boring look on his post. Just put a big stoking as post. Miss Revolve figured it all. I mean, he was a piece of crap that you're robbing. But nonetheless for us sports fans, he was the same, but as a human being, he was a turd. Let's face it. I wouldn't give you a nickel for any part of his. Okay, we have an open line in Broward 524. What he's here with lunch today from the Embers No Doubt, right? And we're not gonna mention that Hank Goldberg has a piece of the action over there because then you all get into gestion. And but the food is great. Thank you so much for your time. Two days in a row we get a Woody in here. How do you like that? Embers No American at 1661 Moridian at Lincoln Road on fashionable Sudo intellectual Miami Beach, the rebirth of a great dining tradition and says, Oh yeah, that's the old embers was there like 100 years ago, right? Just like the famous. Right? So when you're bringing the famous back, you and Big Daddy. You and Big Daddy. It would be tear your kishkis that plus it's not under diet. So what have we got here today? A little steak. I apologize because I'm probably not gonna eat as much as I would have, except for all those goddamn nuts that George brought in here this morning. And just made me sick as a dog, which I'll never forget as long as I live. I have a long memory. A lot of things that I can't remember like which house is mine when I go home, but things like that when somebody destroys my health and my livelihood, then I know. Yeah, strip steak and the filling. strip steak and steak and fill it, yeah. And your own bottle of Peter Lugger's. Oh, I can't have that, but I'll take it home, but thank you so much. I can't have it right now. Oh, that would do it. Although, you know, something that is already shot. Why the hell not? Alright. Now we're talking. Yeah, my name is Welp. Not gonna make any difference now. This day is down the toilet. Thanks to George. So now I can enjoy my great Peter Lugger's steak sauce with my steak here. Oh boy. Okay, let's go to a mobile and derral. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. God. Yes. That's one. One and a half pounds. Today is my 14th day of the induction diet. How much? 42 and a half. Oh. Yeah, that's what I say every morning when I visit the throne, but anyway. Yeah. Like sure, nobody is, nobody's trying to screw it up for you. Like they are for me. Oh, you know, I still get some slack from the family. Yeah, you're gonna get that. I get a heart attack and this and that. But you know, I'm paying all my money. I came in here this morning. My blood sugar was 66. I felt so good. I had enough energy to tear this whole building down in May days. I would like to. And by another half hour after that, thanks to those nuts. I would like to. Oh, man. I'm just now getting my second wind. There it is. Prior to this thing, I was taking some locking foam like set it as a foot for the stress and all. Set it is. Yeah. And I stopped taking them because I read the book and said he didn't take that. And I have no need for them anymore. Great. So I feel great. And I wish a lot more of these goddamn dieting people who have been, you know, I bet you a lot of people went out to bought the book and that's the end. They're not listening to the show anymore. They got what they wanted from me. They high-tailed it down the road. They're slimmed their thin. They're out there. They're getting some action. Whatever they're doing. And I'll screw that old fat man. We're done. We don't need his ass anymore. We got the book. Class one, slippers, huh? Right. And I call somebody a major to check. Yes. Any friend and is at the roof inspection. Come to get a life. Okay. Bye. Keep it up, pal. Man, noisy phone. We have an open line of day one and bro. You know how that works. 1148 at WIOD. Since 1951, the Lorenzo family has been stairs a good family for you. We're not talking about Wayne's family. We're talking about the Lorenzo family. The one with the nose pointing straight ahead, not cock out off to the side. They've been serving South Florida with old world taste and style growing into a gigantic place called Lorenzo's Italian Center at 16385 West to Xie Highway in North Miami Beach. Lorenzo's Spirion's in dedication carries the traditions throughout everything they do. Everything they put their finger on man. Like Ralph Pirata from Napoli, the old country from Naples, Italy, not Florida. He's the head chef and Baker and for the past 15 years Ralph's been overseeing the production of Lorenzo's baked and cooked products. Every morning you'll find a making fresh mozzarella by hand for just 499 a pound. He's pounded by hand. And he'll be fire roasting no salt, hold chickens for just 329. He's also proud of the old fashioned crusty loaves of bread just 2 1 a.m. You'll also have to check out Lorenzo's fresh pasta shop for homemade ravioli. Like the cheese, mushroom, veal, vegetable sausage, gorgonzola, meat, chicken, lobster even spinach and cheese ravioli. Out of this world, look at the look on what he's put. Try their great scratch bakery. The fresh pasta shop, like I said, the best meat anywhere in the world. And all the other great choices, to real authentic Italian stuff, not make believe. Not airzots. Lorenzo's Italian set her 16385 Westixi Highway in North Miami Beach. Then you ride the hand basket to hell! And oh look, here's our park mascot, Jackie the gentle. Oh man, hey Coral. What you do next is up to you. You can join the four horsemen of the apocalypse on the Carousel of Doom. Yeah, it'll spin your head around. Right the lobster, down the river stick. It just relax and haven't snatched our possession step. Yeah, give me a double dog to Red Hot Sand, the large gulf water. It's a drop in! Six, six slides over America. It's the best park in the whole. That's a nice sound. 153 at WID. We need a good exorcism and a good animal. I think the cleanest guy damn town out. Anyway our friends at the Embers, not only are they bring delicious filet and New York strip, but also come to find out that there are lots of you who are on the Atkins who are going in there and ordering the extra crispy duck. And I'm looking at their menu and they got like grilled gulf shrimp and Seared salmon and grilled double chicken breast and prime rib and of course Needless to say the mistakes. So there's all kinds of stuff you can have on your on the Atkins and have this is phenomenal. And I didn't overdo it on a Peter Luger by the way. Okay, there's no sets in going off the deep end just because you're drooling my day. So now we're really paying George back for his indiscretion this morning with a nice bottle of wine along with his steaks. His filet manion New York strip and Peter Luger steak sauce. What a rough life baby. Yeah, how's that? Can we hear his coral geobiles? Hello. Hi, dear. Yes, sir. Six days five pounds. Great. Good start. You've briefly mentioned the Embers restaurant side. What do you mean I briefly mentioned? I just give him a five minute spot. Yeah, you sure did. At 1661, Meridian at Lincoln on Miami Beach. What would we can do to a boopy deep and do so that you can go on this diet? What do you mean by that? Any place to think about a house? Any good restaurant that has that's got good stakes and seafood. Okay. About some of the... That's Chris. Ethnic restaurants, Argentinian, Brazilian stuff like that. I opt in or something. When I was in Germany, I don't know what it is because all the Nazis used to go to Argentina to hide the fact that they were very big on Argentina beef in Berlin anyway. I don't know what that's all about. Well, the way they cut the beef is a different cut than what we're used to. It was okay. I mean it was pretty good but not like this. Have you ever had try tip? I beg your pardon. I get to personal now, sir. The cause has only been like 30 seconds. Try tip is a part of the cow. Does this stomach lining? Oh, oh, I'm in the middle of my lunch and this guy's talking about cookies. No. No. Thanks, you're going to be talking about tribe. I'm not talking about tribe. Oh, man. I'm talking about a gayish world. It's kind of like a skirt steak. It's very, very good. It's very, very good. A skirt thingy and a thick thingy. It's beautiful. Yeah. Also, how about like the melting pot or outback steakhouse? I just mentioned outback. I just got through mentioning that. And the melting pot would be good too but I'm not sure about what they put in the fondue. If you just get to beef in the chicken, that would be fine as long as it's not, you don't get to frantic deep fried. If you get anything fried, forget it. Then you're done. So I'm not sure about the peanut oil. Somebody's going to have to tell me about the fondue deal. Because you see what happens there is you deep fried. Well, you know that. You've been here again. You're deep fried the stuff in that peanut oil. Fried is no good. You don't want to say. But if you just took like the cooked meat and you did that, you know, if you did your own fondue, I think that would be good. Okay. Maybe some other people can call up and just some restaurants and why and how. But I mean, how complicated is it? No, the reason I'm out of the state. Thanks to seafood. Part of the reason I'm understied is that I can travel quite a bit. I'm out of town two to three weeks out of the month. Yeah, but see that's the one great part about this thing is any place you go, even little po-dong towns that don't have a whole bunch of restaurants. Usually you got a place where they have pretty good stakes and chicken and, you know, seafood. I mean, that's about your most commonplace American affair that you'll find anywhere. And it's a very worst you drive through Wendy's and get a couple of burgers and throw away the buns. Okay. You know, I mean, it's the last resort. What's the deal with the alcohol? No, it's the no-boos. No booze. You've got some metabolism on whack. That's what he said. No booze. No caffeine and no booze. Oh boy. Hey, listen, you want to be healthy. You want to live for a while. You want to have like the temporary, like all those nuts I indulged in this morning. It made me sick as a dog. Well, I'm not, I'm not, I'm serious. I'm not trying to be dramatic here, but you really learn a lot about your body and about why you've had all these problems over the years when you go on this thing because then when you've been off of some of this stuff for a while and you overindulgent carbohydrates and you start going from one extreme of feeling great to the other. Feel like you're choked on your fat. You will understand why when you have this problem and carbohydrates are like poison. They're like, they're like murder. I feel like a tempted murder was done here this morning to that nut guy. Okay. But keep it up, pal. Okay. Thank you. Anybody got any good restaurants out there that they want to plug? We have an open line. We just gave you a five minute plug pal. I'll get nervous in there. Okay. We give my life this Woody. You know this guy. I'm telling you, he's just a grave robber. He's a step away from Wayne. He's kind of like Wayne without the money and more here. Open line and Broward. 5, 2, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. Here's Pembroke Pines. Hello. I knew how you doing. Okay, sir. You know, if we had a dollar for everybody who hated Drew Rows now so much, we could build that damn Wayne Hysinger. It's a damn big enough for Wayne to for us. Oh. Good point. Yeah. Man, I'm telling you, you know what? Been up to date for a week in 10,000. Now I feel better because at least I'm not gaining any. No. No. You know, I'm not getting it. I'll tell you another thing that really frost my ass is that I'm, I got two scales. One of which is a friendly scale, which I knew months ago it was inaccurate and it's low. You know, but the problem is the new scale I've got, which is supposedly accurate. That's like stuck. I mean, it's just moving so and the other scale even though I know the number isn't right. It's moving like this morning. I lost two more pounds. My total would be like about an 1819 pounds now. You got to touch the batteries and that thing. There are no batteries in it. Maybe that's the problem. Yeah. Can I have a shameless request? Yes, sir. I think you're talking about your pocket rocket. That's what you're talking about. Yes, sir. How do you can? What is it? I can. Okay. Thank you, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Look at this girl. Here's my plan. I'm going to invite him over to my place. And I'm going to get him really drunk on a honeymoon. Uh-huh. When you want a piece of your friends honey, make sure you've got lots of honey can on hand. Was that Devo doing that or what? Man, I'm serious. If we could, when he comes in here today, if he dares to show his push in the spilled it is probably top of the stairs. When Andy Calb reports for work every morning, nice and early, so we can go in the PD's office and get a head start. So to speak. And then when Defoe comes in and just check the shade, you know how like you have the keto sticks and also if you have diabetes, you have the thing where you're prick your finger and you do the blood deal on the sticks. And you check the shade of the color, they check the shade of purple, they shade of whatever. I think we ought to start checking the shade of brown and we can have like the award every day. Sometimes. Doc is you have to say what the f***. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Miami Fort Lauderdale.