W-A-Y-N-E-S-U-T-K-S We used to talk at Entertainment Radio 6-10, W-I-O-D presents the Neal Roger Show To talk with Neal, call 75-1-W-I-O-D in-D 5-2-4-W-I-O-D in-Brow Outside the 305-Ariaco, it's toll-free 1-800-9-4-4-W-I-O-D And so, the one-custers can call pound-io-D at No Charge Now, the Neal Roger Show, a news-talking Entertainment Radio 6-10, W-I-O-D Hacward can keep his packer in his pants What the things I year ended made me ill now that it knocked your nitty No feel for Ebola, E-V-O-L-A-D The doctor says I'm sick, and I won't last long, but the feast I survived the end of the song gets him You jackass? Okay, 10-0-6, oh look at that, it worked! What the hell happened? It worked in there? It's a keyboard thing, it says Oh, it's a keyboard thing, well let's take this one You can get another one of Creskies for about 15 bucks to replace this piece of Drek we got in the ear But hey, it's good that we got all the corporate hot shots in town Thank you so much, spare no expense to provide us with the very best Drek that nobody else Well, they get this at the flea market Man, oh man, there's five-year-old kids all over America that got better computers than we got So it's all set now, it works, it works I can't squish two boards until you want to break because I got a resetting Oh, I don't care about that, but it is just going to come back up and hear what? What's the deal now? Oh yeah Well, why do you have to switch it? Much of weight till two o'clock Because there's, because what's his name is on tape, what's his name? So anyway, happy Thursday too, here we are, by the way, how am I going to get paid today? We had nobody to sign the checks, so they all out there at that listening meeting Or is that over now? Is that just for the morning show to get them all psychotic and nervous? And start spreading those ugly rumors about Ron and Ron, I'll tell you this is some outfit First of all, let me just say this Craig Barnes and Dave Joseph at the Sun Sentinel Thank you for the nice coverage about my dear friend Alan Finkelson and a paper this morning The only thing I do want to say is that for 20 years this great man came to this town I never forget I first met Alan 1976, I was at WKT We both came here about the same time And he said to me, you just wait, he says I'm going to bring this media in this town I know they don't care about harness racing, they give us no coverage They couldn't give a flying crap about pop at O'Park You watch, I'm going to bring these people around 20 years later, is they're getting ready to bury my friend this afternoon And nothing other than Dave Joseph, I'd say he's the only person in the media in this town Except yours truly who has given any coverage of any kind I'll remember a couple of years ago when we had the breeder's crown last time at Papadopark And Bernie Rosen had to call thanks to Alan screaming and carrying on Had to call up that Jackass agretto that UM Jackass You can't tell the Spel Tony's agretto without UM by the way Had to call him up on the night of the breeder's crown and say You know how come you don't have anything on the air And so you know it's just it's just pathetic So Tony's agretto I want to say people like you help to put my friend in the ground I just wanted to say that right now But anyway thanks Dave Joseph for at least being one guy who cared enough to write the very best Also really great news is you're going to do that diet again today You bet your sweet ass I am I had gained I didn't want to admit it But again about four or five pounds when I was on vacation there There's last three or four uncontrollable days and why not? I was on vacation and have it a good time So here it is I've been back like Monday through Wednesday as three full days I lost back the weight plus an extra pound I'm up to 15 now Blood sugar a 60 this morning. I'm feeling great and it's just it's miraculous So you can go off out don't suggest that you go off of it because then it takes you about a couple of days to get back and ketosis Again to get that thing work and but man did I eat yesterday We had steak in here. We had filetman on and New York strip and jumbo shrimp I wrapped in bacon for lunch and then for dinner I went home on the on the grill on the gas grill and made two gigantic cheeseburgers with no bun of course And plenty of yarrls bird cheese with no carbs get on the scale this morning and it was fantastic It was great what a feeling of accomplishment and plus my pants are falling off on a floor So that's the one piece of good news also I'm I'm still curious maybe somebody can explain to me the thing I just I'm missing something I pick up the paper this morning I look in my sports section which of course is the only part that anybody should really read Lions blades hurt fit a frustration side it What the hell was that all about? I'm so mad at both of you guys Detroit lion safety Benny blades underwent surgery on his right hand Wednesday For an injury his coat said he sustained in frustration upon learning of the shooting death of his cousin Are you seeing all the similarity is this like a copycat deal now? The surgery went his expected head trainer Kent Falb said will be able to better determine his prognosis after a week Blade slammed his fist against an object after learning that is cousin I'm about what what is this? It's like the same old neurotic repetition same crap all over again. He's got a big cut on his hand. Oh man. Yeah He slammed his fist against an object after learning that his cousin Charles Blades have been shot at at July 5 at the plantation home of Seattle Seahawks receiver Brian Blades Benny's brother He said it happened in frustration Oh, me said Lions coach Wayne fat fonts or fat Wayne fonts The lions open training cap next Wednesday. Benny Blades hand was treated in the lion's training room at the party ex-Overdom He left without comment Benny Blades lives in a condominium near his brothers. He was not present at the shooting police have said He might not be available till he trans final exhibition this game. I'll get 25th in New Orleans And it's just and then of course we have this story about a Drew Rosenhouse holds another press conference yesterday And a plantation police they don't trust them. They're gonna twist it all around that's why we don't want our man going in there and be in question I don't get it. Do you have a choice? In other words if the police come to your house and they say okay Mr. Schwartz I want to take you downtown for yeah, we're gonna do a little questioning. Okay. We're not placing you under arrest We don't have to read you your rights. We just did if you want to have your lawyer present. That's fine But we would like to bring it down especially somebody that was in the room alone in the shots went off and there's all these unanswered questions And they were said that they heard yelling and carrying on and all kinds of goings on in there and We just want to ask you a couple of questions Exactly What now I don't feel like it don't don't be feeling like it don't ask me no questions about taking a lies I mean, what is that so maybe somebody can explain it to me because I just don't get it I think the guy who called yesterday had a good point, but I don't want to say which one I think he had an excellent point He said it's kind of an out of one a set because then we'll get in the all kind of problems. Don't let it both be you guys I know so why even start all right so we'll see where we go here today because they're in town all the big hot shots And we're under a lot of pressure We really you know because I know that when I sit down here at 10 o'clock every morning I'm thinking God, I sure hope I do a show that pleases Bob Neal Bob Green and Steve Dickle today because otherwise I'm just you know somehow I'll feel guilty when I take that goddamn paycheck on Thursday and by the way Where is it George? 12 minutes past 10 at W. I've do we got food coming today from John's Smith subs right that get it right all right and You know a little meat little cheese something like that God this thing is great I don't want to get started on again, but I will this atkins thing is great And you feel great you get up and you prick your finger in a morning and you look at that blood sugar And it's 58 60 nice and low down there and you come in you got all kinds of energy you feel like you're full of vinegar and douche This is the way to live baby take those carbs and shove them 10 13 a W I O D 16 W I O D like Johnny Bobby and O J We're pointing fingers and open for the best a kill the coal this summer free willy returns And you can find them exclusively admit do you Hey kid do you want a free willy fun meal sure do I get a toy boy hell you get willy Hey cookie we need some oil will me One McWillie coming right up Yes, it's a killer whale of a deal introducing the free willy fun meal new from McDougall Okay, so I got my check already so I guess it's time to get to hell out of here Thank you so much now we got the board ops giving us our pay checks that's good is Wayne like going downstairs writing a few checks That's a big lead drop that off up here and I didn't feel like schlepping My I mean yes, sir. I had to call you you got to kill this story. It is in the harrel in the regional section Yes on the front case the regional section there's a guy who is driving a food truck To the world market on eight street and he stopped and somebody jumped in the truck and started stealing food Yeah back and said hey what the hell are you doing the guy clocked him on the head with a can of black beans and then other people show up And the guy to refuse is to leave after trying to rob this guy the police come Then he takes his clothes off gets in the truck and hides behind the cans of beans. You have to be removed by a slot team Yeah I had the car and told you that's a kind of police worked that way specialized in here, man I'm probably asking more have you been what I'm in last year though We've got up on the side naked. It said I'm not coming down so you can be correct right? You got a lot of down here. She had a big crack problem like Oprah Okay pal. I have a good month. Thanks for the good news. Say how to Brian blades for me Okay, yeah, I'm I'm still waiting here now. We tried this yesterday for four hours You got a lot of smart ass people in here, but I'm this is a very serious thing, man This is like a major major local story and I guess we're just gonna let it's kind of slide by guy get shot Two bullets not one two for the price of one nobody can explain to us how it happened Nobody's gonna describe exactly what happened and Nobody's talking to the police and drew rousing the house who is just absolutely reviled by everyone Even just here in the name even if they don't know him and if they do know him They really despise him like poison and he's popping off a big mouth every five seconds And while we don't trust a plantation police Well listen who the hell does but what the hell is that got to do with it? We got a whole new deal in America now man jokts go out and especially football players What about baseball players they get in the oil okay? It drugs anything even minor stuff few coke deals they get their ass nails But football players can't murder anybody is that the deal or what? Here's Broward I had a not a car action, but I had a misfortune driving through Palm Beach County and I saw a Sign promoting a station. I never heard of with Don I miss you need that it said dick sparkle and Gary Daniels Yeah, boy I thought dick sparkle was dead and buried Yeah, I'm what about Don I miss he's also I get their worst in the light bulb recycling old the Washed up talent well, that's Palm Beach for you. That's what Palm Beach County specializes is it before I go Just as little power you can't still come without you M. I know you're a deby-highman you're real late Man is real late, you know, we're not gonna get started on that again Are we we did like two and a half hours of that yesterday all these original people can't spell marriage you we need without you M Yeah, okay 75 one W. I would be rough to a real start this morning Rick was full of crap when he gave me a song To dance about that little spark I saw a little spark on my phone bank when I walked in here about nine 15 Broward five two four nine four six three we want some answers here today dammit. I want some answers now Don't forget by the way Dr. Atkins and I will be at books a million one to three the Saturday in the Asagras I have a feeling there's gonna be some kind of heavy duty massive turnout. They don't you they have 750 copies of the book that the Brigham in special I think it is gonna be vivid and massive if he acts me here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello Yes, sir. Neil we don't care about Brian blades that they're killing pretty cats in my M. E. Beats exactly That's what we care about that's the kind of thing our great crime reporter and the Buchanan from the Harald all those years She's worried about their killing putty cats over on the beach But we got a guy who's just been murdered and cold blood who's better than a goddamn dornial Better than a dead cat and she ain't writing about that now we can butcher people but leave the cats alone Good point. See you. Thanks. Yeah, pussy cats they're killing on my M. E. Beach well Ed this very she's bigoted that pussy cats. He's into that But when it comes to people here's one of the major bizarre unfolding right in front of your posts And nobody wants to come to grips with this because it's a guy that not only a football player but a guy that played for you M I guess if he go to UM you know no crime is too big for anybody ghost to you I mean I'm not suggesting of course that he did it am I am I suggesting that I'm implying it I'm suggesting that there's lots and lots of questions that the longer it goes on before this man is called in I have many many questions that I would like to ask Including what the hell is wrong with a plantation pole? I guess so if you're gonna kill somebody plantation be a good place to do it not the acres though stay to hell out of my neighborhood But plantation be hell of a good place because they're too busy down here at that god damn you float them change in the filters in the coffee machine That's all a dual in plantation Is right traffic tickets and work on a coffee machine at that What is that is that it's not a utotum. It's say What is it it's on a corner of Broward and University right across from Broward Mall And what's pot circle k circle circle one Circle you ranch now. There's no Jews in there Anyways 1021 a WIOD at least five Toyota dealers this weekend are gonna tell you that they're gonna beat the price on every deal in town Or they'll give you something I'll tell you what they'll give you is a song at a dance and a headache I mean Kendall Toyota will beat all these other dealers every time on every price or they'll give you nothing Why the hell should they have to give you a premium because said you know See if the other dealers were given in this straight talk and the emiss they wouldn't be promising and they'll give you some big Deal like that but a Kendall Toyota all they do is give you the lowest prices in town day and day out weekend Week out month then you know how goes for example a brand new 95 to sell from 89 95 nobody's gonna beat that Pickups from 99 95 Corolla's from 10,99 95 Cameras is little as 14,995 and Only Kendall Toyota will pay everybody 2500 bucks more than your trade is listed for in this week's black book used car guide So you can you know get sucked in with those those other slogans and all those stupid giveaways for a pop-up Toaster whatever you want but if you want the best deal get your rest under Kendall Toyota on US one just south of date land Most muscles the more you use us the better we get a kill Nicole Hey Just in case they are really having a listening party. They here's a message for Bob Neal and Bob Grimstone that it both you guys okay 10 25 at Wild DC it said both so I couldn't include the other one in there Look at that phone man. It's a little on the sparse side this morning is gonna be this way We're gonna have to go back to screenless like we did yesterday. George will be very pleased with that We had a dynamite show yesterday It really blew here's a mobile in Miami on a broad line. Hello. Yes, hey, man About your Brian Blades question. I think that's how come people aren't up But how come they're all watching this OJ crap and they're all bent out of shape because of that little a Contra-tomps between Johnny and his cockron and Chris Darden years today like that with some big deal And here we got a local we've got a local scandal we got a possible murder on our hands here And nobody is excited about it the only reason why a cock can jump up and got it got nearby space is because he knew his His witness his witness was good ready to slam don't go Jay. Oh, man It's a good to come up make this big a big to do about all Reload this or racial that event have a bunch of bull crap He he better be happy that this witness has got about as much credibility as Mary and Gertis And it arose on Lopez this guy's a flake in idiot. He's got the skid roe shakes. Yeah, and one minute well It's a well lit at that intersection. I could see it was a Jeep a white Jeep in fact It may have even been a broccoli now. It's too dark back there. I couldn't see it anything. Yeah, right Anyway about the bike application cops. I think what they're doing is they don't want to end up being another circus like Like the OJ deal so they're getting their ducks on the road so when they do good talk What do you mean they're getting their ducks in a row today? Is there a investigation like you saw yesterday? They come out with a neighbor Santa oh you We heard fighting and stuff like right They just don't have a footwork so when they pick up mr. Blades a slam dunk and instead of you know One of these all where we had to talk to them talk to that you know and then that being a mess like the OJ Travelling because they got his ass cold when they get pick him up. Yeah sure Have a good day. Okay That don't buy that once the last time this happened eight days ago and happened a week ago last night Here it's the following Thursday a week at a day later and they still haven't brought the guy in for questioning And he's that's not like he's in hiding somewhere He's standing right out there holding press conferences with daddy rubbing the back of his neck and everybody like Kim Boat camper coming on here Saying oh well we know it was an accident. How do you know? I don't know what it was and either were you to you unless you were there we get some goddamn answers and somebody It only way you get an answers if somebody comes along and acts a question But all these jocks all these sports types man. They are that's what's wrong with America I'll take it out right now is the jock mentality howard cocell rest in peace and I hope is I hope is peace isn't placed by the way I hope they put it they centered it before they buried his ass But howard cocell was right on target man the jockocracy has destroyed this country, baby They're killing us literally and figuratively You know what I'm saying trust me here's a mobile and hope sound hello The only accident about the shooting is is that he missed the first shot? Yeah, that's that's what he's so upset about I mean if I had shot somebody in my room in the middle of the night I was the only guy there they would a whole fine Your ass would be hot right now, baby. I'll tell you that right now you'd be sizzling Unbelievable, I can't believe they have an embodiment for questions I can't believe that the public in his town is sitting back. I mean this is this is And they don't give a crap it's like a big joke because well, it's cut in our local guy Went to pipe or high in a family. This guy calls me yesterday says well, everybody knows these though This family was real close. They all love each other like crazy Like O.J. Love Nicole There you go. I rest my case Speaking of J. Yeah The people that they're putting on the stand up there. Oh my god yesterday He was he was so it looked like he was lying so much. He had his His face I just hand you know and then Christian is Malkrist Darden kept baiting him with this bit about you were disappointed because you weren't called as a prosecution witness Yeah, and he says you don't you understand why you weren't called you lying DBS piece of crap you idiot you joke Man, that's a death. If this is the best group of defense witnesses They got is O.J's old mother who can't turn up her miracle. They're loud enough to hear the questions And this guy I'd say his ass is gonna fry by the end of the week Another radio station I heard somebody call it and say that that is whole family was telling the truth about O.J And everybody else was lying right yeah The whole world is out of step, but you their son is in line okay, pali Every day and enjoy that hot seat Open line in date 751 to and Broward 5249463 to on agreed lines 180944 See this is the best to South Florida people can do okay you can't spell murder without you Am you can't that one guy call started it with that scum which was great you can't spell scum without you M that's all we needed the other ones were good though But no seriously that's the best response they can give because the American public has been and it's like I heard Rick talking this morning about that Chip that they want to put in the TVs now the V chip so that you can block out the violent programs Well, guess what when you go to Europe they have they love American TV because they don't have very much of their own and then even what they do Create their own is just copies of the American quiz shows like Prices right in all that stuff which they do very poorly by the way But basically what they have is dubbed in foreign language all the American TV shows the more violent you want They got it and guess what they're not running around with guns. They're not running around killing each other There's no drive by shootings like we have an instant another one yesterday And the public here has been so desensitized they don't know the difference between that's the problem television has done it They don't know the difference kids watch that crap and they don't know the difference between fantasy and reality and What our great leaders in washing and what to do is they want to be the babysitters. Okay Let's just keep banning stuff like that's gonna change the mentality of the stupid people out there who can't tell the difference between and the problem is That we have really ignorant trash people out there multiplying I say forced their realization immediately Right that's the answer to it Let's have some people with a little bit of a brain and a little bit of class and stop stop glorifying all these goddamn jok How about somebody that's got a brain how about somebody like that you have any respect for that anymore? Not in America Who do we respect? Slice the law and the more you literate you are the more we love your baby By the way, Michael's the album is the sales dropped off like a rock you think that's because they're taking out the jumey cikami stuff Probably here's a mobile in the water hill hello Okay, that was short and sweet right to the point. I think you're absolutely correct West Palm Beach Yeah, you can't spell immunity without you out. Yeah, had it. Oh You already dead. We had it. Yeah, should we start are we gonna start the list again? Yeah. Let's start it. Okay, great. Thanks. Okay, look at that We got two calls left on the board here. Okay. This is the listing party day. Hope you're listening real close to kind of goddamn town warian all right We get a guy murdered and called blood big sensational story these people don't give a flying crap about anything in his town As Hank would say the surest way to kill a show is a hockey call is nobody would say Lazy Slob here's West Palm Beach hello Yes, sir a couple things thanks for turning me on a doctor act and I was counting calories counting fat grams and Going to the gym and these must well have to tell me to load up on carbohydrate And that's no reason there kill any a man the peddlers of carbohydrate are the peddlers of poison four weeks The on doctor actions I'm down from 225 to 198 27 pounds in four weeks I feel better than I've ever felt in my life exactly I think you and it would forgot to Brian I got a message for Brian blade hey Brian Two guys to one-door room of life One comes out dead and it's not you You're gonna Superl us one in the dead guy neighbors here screaming in yelling Brian it's the word murder look at all Mid you know I'm just so sick and type please job thinking that that's because they can hide behind their There's the liberty they exactly behind a goddamn uniform in a juxtap Yeah, he's gonna devote the rest of his career in his life and football to is to his dead Uncle or cousin aware of yeah, he is because he's a ball player You know and I'm sick of it. I you know, I played professional ball and I was also in broadcasting and I I love For so much but the past 10 years Neil. I don't pay attention to it hardly at all you're dealing with a bunch of the generate dead beats with a bunch of slime balls You know Mickey Mannell, whitey Ford Billy Martin those guys used to go out and have a few pops and woman eyes You know like everybody else in those days But those guys were class they were a great a class that compared to these slime balls we got today and those guys 34 years ago they were making a tiny fraction of my new fraction of what these jerks are making today They played because they loved it number one right number two They didn't have the slime ball attorney standing behind them or in front of them or side of them rubbing their neck and number three they just They had a real Feel for what it was like because they knew that and it would stop and it would give a kid an autograph and would never even dream about Charging somebody for an autograph any athlete that wants the charge suck a kid for an autograph should be shot right on the spot no questions And See the problem is though with Conan is that he's very low-keyed on that much of a personality so he does you know He's very underrated because he just has no flash no flare But these other guys, but you know Mr. Hotshot this this hotshot net one They're the guys that could all of you yeah the attention and one last word for Brian Brian even the plantation police They're gonna figure this out eventually Don't hold your breath, Bell don't be too sure. Yeah, I'm gonna have to answer some questions Brian So forget training camp. Okay. See yeah, what do me forget training camp Drew Rosen now says it's therapeutic He got to be playing football man. He got to get that pigskin in there I mean this is there's a guy dead. How did it happen? We don't know I mean somebody must know there's two guys in a room and one of them is still alive even a goddamn editorial in the sun Sentinel they blade silence breeds suspicions. It says oh And open letter to Seattle sea Hawks wide receiver Brian blades How dare you refuse to talk to police and prosecutors about the July fence shooting death of your cousin Charles blades and acts Your right-air-main silent may be technically legal But your decision to exercise that right is irresponsible on ethical and inexcusable I'd feel like that says the prestigious Sun Sentinel the whole year than that with all those ads for those Body massage things on a sports page That's right, so as you were alone with him in the room of your plantation home on a gunman off you the only witness what happened? K-pasaman Anybody football hero or ordinary human being who is present football hero or ordinary human being I give up. Oh, just stop and let that soak in for just a second Okay football hero or ordinary human being like Albert Einstein for example Who was present at the scene of a violent deaths should come forward voluntarily to tell police what he knows and not behind legal rights to arrange silent That's called being a good citizen No one's accusing you were wrong doing all They just want to know your version of what happened if it was an accident as you maintain then you got nothing to fear But fear itself and that's what FDR said and look at him now and everything to gain by speaking out your silence inevitably raises suspicions by Polis prosecutors family Neil Rogers friends and the public that you have something to hide Can you live with those suspicions and he says yes? Don't force prosecutors to subpoena you and offer you immunity for testifying your silence fuels the ugly notion that there's a different standard of justice for rich and poor Celebrity and commoner what an ugly notion that is Where do I come up with an idea like there's a different set of justice for celebrities and like the common ordinary man? Oh, man, I don't buy that Maybe we can get the dream that's what we got to do. They're stalling how stupid you are you stupid old-fag Jewel you They got a stall till we get the OJ trial over so we can get the dream team down here. That'll be great. Maybe we can even get Roy Black on at team two, okay? We can't get another Black attorney at least we get a guy with a name. It's 1037 at WIOD. Let me tell you about fast auto loans and the great service. They got waiting for you They got cash in their hand. They like to put it in your hand in the money too If you need $2,500 cash today, you need to call them at this number. toll free right now 1-800-910 FAST has in fast if you have a free and clear title on your car You can bur up to 2,500 bucks cash immediately. There's small easy payments while of course you still drive that car or that Bronco Whatever it might be if you have no credit even bad credit You'll still have no problems if fast auto loans. Maybe you want to hit them up for 10 grand That's what OJ had in the Bronco. Anyway, what you do is turn the equity in your car into $2,500 cash. Call today for instant phone approval and the cash will be in your hands within 24 hours No length of your approval process or embarrassing credit checks. Whether it's for an emergency for a vacation You want to go to the track and lose your ass or your bills are passed do whatever it's for They don't care. Just go to fast auto loans today with your car title and drive away with some serious cash in your hand today Fast auto loans is fully licensed by the state of Florida. Remember the better business bureau with convene locations both in date and Broward column right now instead approval fast cash in your hand from fast auto loans 1-800-910 fast 1-800-910 F-A-ST The opinions expressed by the host guests or callers on wioD are not necessarily those of the station or its sponsors All wioD programs are copyright 19.95 by wioD incorporated. No take recordings of transcripts may be created or distributed without prior It can send them wioD incorporated. So what do you say George our what's things? George has because we're not big superjocks are Shotstings Okay 1041 a wioD date is dead baby Dad be dead. Maybe they were at the Bernie's house or Brian or Benny. What ever in her name is? I wish these families that name everybody would have same first letter like that. It makes it very confusing for all of us And now it's now which one's got the busted hand is that the Jackie? 751 9463 751 wioD everybody in debt is good schluffin baby Let's do a mobile in the poppin. Oh hello Morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Can you hear me okay? I hear you great listen. I got a Stake sauce for your Dale state seasoning sauce. I think it has less than 1% carbel hydrates in it Yeah, it is excellent get yourself a nice thick London broiled do it about a half an hour before you throw it on the grill On our way, is this like a marinator is it a steak sauce? Well, it's a steak sauce for the act as a marinator as well It's excellent though. Absolutely. It's only been in the market here a couple of weeks of public Okay, what's it called? Dale's steak seasoning sauce. It's a liquid type thing. It's been about a 10 ounce bottle like 299 it's excellent great it's absolutely so committed and the steak too. Okay great. I'll start soaking it to Sanctano Listen one other thing. Perfect kit Yeah, spike Jones and drag. Hi. Okay. Yeah, but I bet Spike Jones never bid anybody on the lip Open line of dates 7.5 wonders one on the a green line one on the Mahogany line off you move real quickly If you get right in there, here's mommy likes on a purple line. Hello Yes, sir I Just wanted to give you a great thanks I started that diet last Wednesday There ought to be about 4,000 people calling me with reports on how they're doing on his goddamn diet But of course they just sit back and take is usually to want to tell me how great they're doing Because of all for me most them probably me dead Well, I want to give you a great pat on the back and if I could a big fat kiss But let me move 16 pounds in about one week Boy, that is incredible Yeah, she's lost and the diet too I'm that for a while and My mom I'm glad to have you Yeah, and actually we're just having a great time doing it. We know it's we're just killing plenty of time and enjoying the hell out of me I just thought I'd give you a great day. Yesterday to me was the real proof of the pudding not that there's been any doubt because I've seen a magic that this does with my blood sugar in a way I feel but yesterday. I mean I really packed away the food You know the better part of two stakes and those big jumbo shrimp wrapped in bacon delicious and then two big juicy Surluent burgers on the grill with cheese that old English velvita cheese or whatever it all is and And plenty of y'all's broke cheese with zero carbs and I get on a skill this morning and Halle Luria I was jumping for joy I was jumping higher than Brian blades Costco cheese section just buying it by the pound yeah, and You know that's the way to do it don't don't don't anybody out there who's honest thing don't waste your time buying it the package These little you know and the usual go out there and get the big bricks a cheese. That's the way to do it That stuff doesn't have all that crap in it I think it was great if I'm doing about Okay, and you're probably dipping your meat in that too Okay, keep it up, Halle Okay, another great success to rate right there from one of the most incredible events in the history of broadcasting anywhere in the human race Neo Rogers teams up with aging Dr. Robert Atkins and the two of them together are creating another goddamn revolution here And we got our lunch coming what time is that coming by the way and a better get here early because fat boys the one who's involved in that and he'll probably eat most of it on a way in here How is it possible seriously? I know that this is a little sensitive, but I don't care you know me mr. sensitivity How can people walk around looking like that? Now I know I once waited my peak at my height at my Fattest 266 that's 20 two years ago in Sarasota WSPB 266 pounds I would go to the supermarket. I would buy a box to hamburger helper and about a pound and a half a ground beef Wait a minute. I just started I would cook it up and eat the entire However much that makes what is that sure? 8 whatever it's supposed to serve. I would eat the entire amount all of it all of it It was good too by the way cheeseburger macaroni or whatever it was and the lasagna and too bad little mushy and Then I would also buy in the cans like that real sweet juice You know the different kinds of like colion punch that kind of stuff And I would have two like big cans of that and during the course like on a weekend You know you're sitting around watching a ball game on TV or something Sarasota what are you gonna do? You know you go outside everybody's dead run right back inside and pop that thing on the onion The oven gets started with a hamburger helper again and about two big cans of Hawaiian punch 266 I'm telling you man. I'm a slob now, but back then I was such a slob It was a miracle I would ever leave the house and How does some of these other people like when we went on that Vegas trip? I don't want to pick on anybody in particular But there were some candidates for actions. There were some candidates for a piano box On that plane. I mean, it's a miracle. We ever got off the ground How is that possible? I mean, I realize it's an illness and it's a problem and it's difficult And I've been through myself, but but how can you just keep walking around like that and just people look at you And you know they're just falling down laughing and puke and their brains out Fat boy, I'm sorry. Here's a mobile and haven't sure. Hello. Hey, geos sir Now that was good. What was that? A feeble attempted something and he just didn't have all the pieces together We have an open line in date 751. It's 1047 a WIOD WIOD It's my team Build it or I'll take my pocket and go home. I'm so mad at both of you guys All right, good morning ladies gentlemen Just so there is no misunderstanding Everybody be seated Hopefully they will wasting time if you're gonna keep doing that. I'm gonna stop you right here How making this easy area of a school? Council is full line needs to be done a different way and now here it is again because You know you're on her in the same day. I'm gonna stop you right here Everybody be seated. Wait, they run her. I think that I was your chef I'm gonna tell you for the fourth time. No Sit down. This is much to do about nothing Sit down. No, I'm serious. You just think you're on it. This is very unfair. Sit down. That's very unfair Sit down. Are you a afraid of misclare sit down where do you say hey? There's that Hank Goldberg you had mouth and off 1051 a W. W. W. W. W. W. W. So anyway the apart the last paragraph for second to last in the editorial in the Sun Sentinel on the Brian Blades thing B. A man B. A pro B. A stand-up guy live up to your promise to play a little bit harder jump a little bit higher and run a little bit faster That was the best part of that bogus press conference. He all the other day Yeah, because he's gonna be thinking about his dead cousin. He'll be really putting out a lot more effort He'll be running a little faster. I guarantee when he come knocking at the door. He'll be running a lot faster Just like O. J. You notice how he took off like a bad-out hell course the brocker was moving his body a little bit faster and how come the jury never got to hear about the guy They impassport in the $10,000 Wouldn't that raise a little bit of suspicion in your mind about the grieving ex husband? Who's on his way to join his wife in the asymmeteries? Gonna go there and blow his brains out. He's got a gun, but he's also got 10 grand in cash and a passport I know that if I'm gonna commit suicide I certainly want to have 10 grand in cash in my hand and my passport Just in case I change my mind on the way over there. They don't take American Express and having you Oh, is that it? But do they fart in that's the question? Here's Daniel. Hello It's Neil but they do take a vast regard in Miso. Yes. Good morning. When is deas? I had some real important information here that I wanted to relate to you about eight research I just got some information from the human rights campaign fund committee It says the a house subcommittee late last night voted to eliminate the federal government budget for age research Yeah, the appropriate Eberties power shoe liberty power shoe Yeah, the appropriation subcommittee on labor health and human services and education Bought at a long party lines to get the office of age research at the national institute of health Liberty power and eliminate $1.4 billion Yeah, what about it for age or about it for fiscal not what about it? What about it? Well, the Clinton administration had requested 1.1 and what about it? Well, now we have no fun Get your passport man get your passport motor wheel country okay and stop billiards, can all right? Jesse Helms has run into show now baby. He's the one called all the shots Liberty power shoe for adaboy Jesse you tell him We have an open line in Broward 5249. I mean, when are you people gonna wake up and sniff it? Okay the ifanatic or right wing lunatic nuts they take in a whole goddamn country over in his guys on your Limpristing me on a phone a song and answer about the cutting money for age research. What the other expect okay? Can't we all just be normal people like Jesse? Liberty power shoe Anyway speaking of that on Sunday July 16. That's this Sunday center one Broward County's oldest and largest non-profit aid service organization will be The recipient of proceeds raised from a super cuts cutathon the cutathon will be held at participating super What is it super cuts in Broward County from 5 to 9 p.m. This Sunday? Super cuts is requesting a $5 donation for a haircut of what you 100% all of it will be given to center one this Sunday 5 to 9 at Super cuts all over Broward okay, okay, just toss that in and passing which here is a pump wait a minute Like I said here's poppin. Oh hello hey Neil yes, sir call me with my mouth really Hey, I'm glad you got on this Brian blades thing Yeah, the story broke on Wednesday and they said well he's two upset to talk to cops Okay, but by Thursday Friday you're going what's going on? Hey, so upset if I waxed my cousin in my house and I'm two upset to talk to the police you think they take that sure What number is your uniform? Okay, sure right yeah if it's 32 are higher in good shape the thing is What instances the regular guys if you've been pushed around while cop before which who hasn't by now? It just your head starts spinning when you see them just hand in somebody like Brian Blaze with with The leather glove or whatever yeah, what kind of crap is this? I mean like the guy said before a guy is hiding on behind a can of baked beans or something and right away We get the swat team in there and make a big song at answer about it We got the North Bay village standing behind the bushes up the street point in their radar gun Hashtag my hell out of ordinary guy damn people just trying to live their lives and not bother anybody But if somebody goes and Well, I don't know he shot them, but if somebody's it is there when some grotesque episode like this happens and Is the only witness and the neighbors are saying there was a lot of commotion and racket and screaming Then I think at the very least they got to write to say okay, we want some Yeah, they asked you they asked the question. I mean Hey, even though Jay got coughed and went downtown I'm late. They had to chase them down to Chicago, but he went in and let's face it I mean if we're gonna be impressed based on jacoccracy. I mean Brian Blades couldn't let go Jay's ass Orgia Morrison your greatest meal. Okay pal We have an open line in Broward 524 you think he could lick OJ's ass 5249463 and Broward is we try to find a little bit of justice in America for justice We must go to Don Corlion. That's what we got to go to for justice. That's what I say Let's call up the boys Let them straighten all this crap out. They wouldn't put up with this garbage Our police can't get the job done call up Don Corlion and let's let the family get involved in this Where we gone? We're going to Davy. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. Hey good to talk to you. I haven't called you in a couple years Those are a couple things. I want to talk to you about first of all The act in the side. I'm not on it. I'm getting ready to do it just because I'm about 20 pounds overweight You'll love it, man. Okay. My buddy Frankie. I think you know him. He's lost like 25 You're pretty intangely now Frankie who's Dennis is for us. Oh That's that guy. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He's already dropped the 27 pounds is father's dropped about 25 Incredible. Yeah, Frankie could lose some weight. I'll tell you that he could afford to lose a bundle Yeah, he's loving it and you can't sell mung without you. I'm exactly that's your word there, so uh Well do it pal and give Dennis a big kiss for me. Okay. Okay. We'll see you Saturday. Okay. Everybody. Bye We have an open line of Broward 5 2 4 9 4 6 3 the 2 what is that what's the problem now? Why do you just give me an exact amount? We got mung like five right? Believe the guy alone. It was a good call So the guy he didn't they they can't listen for hours every day. I'm not sure why When you're in this god for sick and place especially in the dog days a summer We're into a god damn thing to do except sit around some fancy hotel room listening to the radio Being impressed with all the titles you got what a powerful little dick teddy you are Little what dick tater Isn't Napoleon complex? How's Andy Calb doing by the way? Here's a mobile in the forlaterdale. Hello We have two open lines in Broward 5 2 4 all the amateur comedians out there. Okay call up Steve Dickle I'll put you on in a week Floridians dumb as dirt shoot them in the lake He used talk at entertainment radio 6 tier Wild presents the Neil Roger show To talk with Neil call 751 Wild in date 5 2 4 Wild in Broward Outside the 305 area code it's toll free 1 8994 4 Wild and say the one customer's could call pound iod at no charge Now the Neil Roger show a news talking entertainment radio 16 Wild I have just tasted your snapper Oh What's the matter with less being off for cant you tell we really love hidden balls? The only thing that separates us from the men is the country clubs bathroom stalls Squared squirt I let my girlfriend go so dirty choose the family I'm the bitch she calls me dirty Must I that five to me talk all right to steal ladies calls to me My favorite hole it doesn't have any number a green or a fairway No sweat because I'm a snapper lapper I play golf and I'm gay The time got caught in the club out let me golf is the only time that they're got I'm gay let's play L.G.T.A. still ladies call for me And riders disgrace chipset on my face still ladies call for me Thanks forever to get that taste and smell how do you system level 07 at Wild D happy Thursday too We're just rolling long sing and a song got my check in my pop it pop it my pop it my pocket and we got john Smith Sup's bringing us a little bit of lunch if that boy doesn't eat it all the way over here We got two open lines in date one in Broward one in the green line all these people are called you got so many fans out there Neil is gonna be 50 million people at the mall are on Saturday But boy they sure won't make the effort man. They don't care enough to send their very best or even an a sausage shop They're very forced Did we ever find out about the weanies by the way man? I'm just a Diane for that A place where they have the well we got a couple of old ladies call yesterday what do they know here's plantation hello Hi, yes sir. You speak about Europe and violence and one thing other earlier on yes If this American football player had been in England You would have been arrested under the race relations law for conduct lightly the cause of breach of the peace The race relations law yep that's the offense conduct lightly the cause of breach of the peace Well, is that what is that a racial thing in other words of a black guy does it? I don't know anybody because I know that British tend to be extremely racist no no Anybody black white green your pink yeah if you are lightly the cause of breach of the peace You will be arrested and it's a jailable offense right Well first of all if he would have been England he wouldn't have had a gun in the first place probably not right Exactly, he would have been in France or Italy or Switzerland or Germany or Denmark or Norway or any of those Civilized places right if you want a gun joining on me right exactly Okay, pali and telly ho We have a lot of British your listeners on this program and of course sometimes I'm right on the verge of feeling bad because I see all those terrible things about the brits Then I stop and reflect on it and realize that they're all true. We have an open line in Browered five what there's something on there that I should be watching on what 41 41 what kind of a channel is that what kind of a number is that? I think it might be American movie classics or something like that Oh, this is uh Olivia Hussie and what's his name? This is Romeo and Juliet again for the 400-time lettered wedding and Olivia Hussie what are the all-time Grable reason this to your mankind wait till they get naked on at bed baby then you're really starting I promise for boobs this time I could it last time blinked here's a lady in candle hello Yes, man I want to know I know that you're not a very spiritual person without a zapping You know what what does that mean? I happen to be a very spiritual person But not by your definition not by hoax poca sub What do you believe in? What do you mean what do I believe in? Well, you don't believe in God. What do you do? I don't believe in fairy tales. How do you like that? I believe like in life and reality and you know You got you got your senses like your nun eyes and ears and tongue and stuff like that What? I wanted to know what you think I don't have any idea. I don't waste all of my life asking a lot of questions that I can't answer I don't know I all I know is I'm here and I'm doing the best I can rather than buying into some bullcraft that some ancient Chinese secret made up Five thousand years ago There's one of those good spiritual people and she also outshot on the air. She comes up with that Have to dump her honey you are so full like see your week that's the problem your week You have to have some kind of a crutch some kind of bullcraft. Oh What if it is true? Well just in case I better pretend that I believe in it even though I do know it's bullcraft because then I can go to the pearly gates and say give me my past and my visa and master card That's for children. It's for people with infantile minds when you're gonna grow up okay lady When you're gonna get with it. That's our first lady of the day. I think and what does that tell you right there? 9. 10. 70% of the people the women in America are dumber than dirt There are the ones that are sitting out there watching all these goddamn stupid talking head shows And that OJ business 24 hours a day Watching that goddamn rookie lake holding up those flashcards with all those Contrived arguments they're running goddamn states Well, I all that funny baloney crap all that stage garbage and buying it and then the course they're raising the children And you wonder why the children of America can't tell the difference between reality and fantasy Why all this television crap they're talking about banning everything which ain't gonna solve nothing Family values my ass. This is a country that don't have any values somebody gets murdered and it's a big joke right off the bat We have drive by shooting 17 year old kid is brain dead. Oh, well, she adds too bad What are what's uh we're having with OJ today? We're talking about stupid stupid idiotic jerk Exactly bitch Did I call her a bitch good? Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach. Hello How you can't spell com without you? Yeah, we know. I ran out okay a good funny vice Tim by the end been here case. I don't think it'll be happening anytime soon We have an open line in Broward 5249463 524Wild boy you could tell off are that finger was up there couldn't you in the nose I meant Hey pizza loft speaking of putting your finger right now while he gets those fingernails in every spot that Jeff Cohen Go over to the pizza loft say hey can I take a look at him and your fingernails too and the let Jeff and his staff Treat you to an enjoyable dining experience because I think basically that's what the spot is for To promote the great a tight in American food at the pizza loft not to go on about his ponytail and about his finger Finger lakes and fingernails and ego Call in your dining room order. It'll be pipe and hot on the table when you get there if you're like in a big hurry Or they'll deliver right to your door and date county just called 266 5111 They can even accept your American Express other major credit cards on delivery Which is almost unheard of try their food Gaza pizza that real spicy pizza with a spicy sauce and onions Try their thick Sicilian pizza or they real Emas the real New York style thin pizza they make it like nobody else So don't forget try the pizza loft one time you'll go back again and again everything is made fresh by hand Geogannic overflowing portions that prices so modest even you slippers can go there all the time Pizza loft doing it right for all over 20 years in town now open seven days a week holidays every day morning New night modern can don't stick in everything in between pizza loft upstairs at 69th and flagregistered east of the Palmetto Here's that number one more time two six six 5111 16 W I O D on a mission to win friends and get away with all we can don't be in the stand and I would jump in front of a bullet from the cold Thank you for calling the gambling and not in this hot line We know how difficult it is to break a habit. That's why we're here to help If you'd like to contact a local gambling support group press one now If you'd like the name of a gambling therapist press two now If Michael Jordan owes you money press three now Thank you for calling the gambling anonymous hotline Hey Okay 11 16 a W I O D that woman had called before she was the best you talk about a real little nose picking twist I guarantee she was called from a trailer park She'll probably be on Ricky Lake by the end of the week talking about how she found Jesus oh and by the way Guess what they at his George is slipped up again. Do you lie 13? Huh? I remember Rossa Lopez today for lunch. Let's forget about John Smith for just a second or two. Let's take our meat and go for a roses house and Make the old virgin No one old virgins here's Davy on a purple line. Hello. Are you doing they're all plain golf? Yes. I got a couple things to talk about it You'll let me go in a little semi-intellectual salilically semi intellectual salilically I think the semi part underline yes absolutely absolutely first of all great song about the LPGA I was gonna test the second moment on the act and started for about three weeks now. Yes, sir. I mean 9000 calories a meeting fat a day No Not kidding man. Okay, so anyway what line is he on see? I almost never do this But I know that it just kind of slipped out and I'm gonna have to wait for a delay to build back up and then put it back on Don't say crap load a steak okay? You can either crap load just don't say it. What line was he on? He's on a palm line and of course we're paying for it. See that's bad I put the guy on hold and we're paying for it till the label is back up again because he said crap on ear And he's got a story and he wants to do a semi intellectual thing for us here today just like that bitch that called to write a save me and find me salvation What if that bull shot ain't the bunch of crap? Or what if it ain't if that bunch of crap ain't a bunch of bull shot? Okay, you're connected yourself now Thank you very much. Okay, I shot load you said shot load. All right. All right. Well. I roll and play every day That's what Charles blades got The shot load Hello, yeah, I'm here. I'm sorry I roll it late every day and I do like a couple of push-ups. I've lost 25 pounds of the best shape of my life I got veins in my arms around where they came from It's fantastic. Yeah, I got girls everything. Oh, but listen The other thing I wanted to talk about is that girl to call you? Let me give you my cellular phone number you can do it off the air on the aisle care and now I wanted to call me I love girls like that they're fantastic What are you talking about the one with a religion crap? Yeah, I'm satisfied I give it a little talking to yeah, should find religion should be saying oh god that's good right? Hold it Jesus. Can't give you the number get out of here. I wouldn't wish that on Hitler We have an open line on a purple line pound iod he wants to talk to that simple bitch. Okay We'll just give you the trailer park location and just go in there and you'll be able to sniff it Here's a del Rey hello Okay, here's the curl springs hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay Had Brian played agent uses big head Drew Rosenhouse. He's got a name Just keep mentioning he's also by the way as Warren Saps agent and just thought I would mention that He's no sap he would have used the second gunman theory in the grass you know behind blades house Yeah, yeah, I just can't believe it And nobody seems to give a crap this goes to show you how much the public has been Decentedized they just accept one incident like this after another after another and it's like oh Well, what time is the oj trial start today? They're morons man they have no kind of value at all Maybe should boy Christ. We got we got assholes running around shooting doctors at abortion clinics And then we got people in the media bringing guests on to try to somehow legitimize it like okay Well, this is acceptable because we decided abortion is murder so therefore you know our twisted logic says this is okay Do you remember the marriage of the princess? Yes, do you remember marriage of a more sure hated that sure? Yeah, well, he died he was reincarnated as rich ancestors There you go okay pal. Thank you. See ya. He'll be right over in the limo We have an open line in Broward 5249463 524 W-I-O-D Yeah, Rick snatches Nullie's assholes next to run channel 7 with their hysterical sensational You people and lots of other people before you and now even the in network news everybody CBS this morning with two analysts to tell us about Hugh Grant and his you know his his big tour now the apology tour We had the prime time tour. We had the Michael uh try to cover up his ass tour and now we got the apology tour by Hugh Grant And they have to have two analysts on they're explaining to America whether he did a good job of Explaining it all away into J. Leno's here. Look worse than usual or what? I mean it is frightening it is downright goddamn frightening and in the meantime They're gonna solve the problem by putting a V of a V of thing in your uh, they're gonna plant it in your thing a V blocker Here's for a lot of nail hello Yes, sir. Yeah first time call us okay. Yeah, I was two years before and uh How the news gets run through and It was talk about the kid who ran this daddy's Bronco went to the the lake whatever that is to come out Yeah, but I was wondering how could something be sucked down into a discharge tube? As uh, did he was saying oh, man Okay, we'll work on him we'll get Markone in here to finger it out. We have an open line in Brut. I also heard man It's say that last night on a sports finger he said finger it out and he was also talking about the purple line You know your great mad dog. We love you You check that but you're starting to rip off every line that ever invented another leaf I'll or want to be that damn Jim Mandage. It's 11 21 a W. I would eat 16 W. I O D if you've just started listening be advised that FM rules do not apply I kill Nicole trust me You have a problem with someone in your sick of raising your voice Tired of spending endless hours screaming at your boyfriend Hologi at your boss or just wailing at someone who can't cut me You need the yellow hey hey you're the butcher in this store Yeah, you are you cut up a pork roast for the spiss righty night You said there was too much fat you're trying to make them gain weight no you don't like how they look Quarter-inch trim means a quarter-inch not a half-inch the spiss got too much blubber on their bark rose The other comes in all dialects travels well and is easy storage the yellow now one designer colors too Oh Okay, love it 25 and W. I've got a really swell day and we have an open line in Brower If you hop on a real fast five two four here's Miami hello Hello Yeah, hey, hey, what's all the winter shake and going out over there sir? Neil what are you shaking oh no I'm not shake anything listen there's nothing wrong with what you're doing Okay, well, let's let's we hope I'm doing about what wait let's be honest about it. Okay, and it's comfortable What was what I'm doing about what? Controversial are you gonna have a conversation? Yeah, yeah, sir. Okay. What do you really what are you talking about? It takes that much time and effort to do anything I mean of that All that time consuming effort to do things for free now. Let's put it on the line I know maybe you're getting a little cutback or something for You talk about the diet. I'm not getting squat pal. Okay, so just cut the crap Nobody does anything for the public. Okay blow it out your ass you idiot Let me say it again. I only wish and if I were getting something what would be wrong with that when you're doing good by somebody else But guess what I'm not cuz I'm a schmuck. Okay Nobody does anything see there's another that's part of American family values one more time Nobody does anything expense all this much energy unless there's some sinister thing there They're getting a cut behind the scene like I said I only pray and wish that I were so I wouldn't have to sit here and talk to Assholes like him who's yankin and twisting and wiggling it on the phone here. I can't even get his goddamn act together Here's Orlando. Hello. Hi, you're hiring you. Okay, sir. I got a two-part Call for you. Okay, first one is a bet. I bet my dad says the your first car in Boston was a 1960 blue Carver yeah, is that true right? That should one the bet. Well, what difference does it make why would you make a bet on what my first car was because that was interested? Okay? Okay second friend is I Got a little lamb like a cable access show up here in Orlando. Yeah, and I tried to call it last that home, but your number isn't listed Uh-huh imagine that right but I was wondering if you could maybe Like send her an out if you're like not too busy. You can maybe call in because I play honest you every week on my program Sure, no problem. Okay. Let's go to a Miami Beach, hello Neo, are you okay great listen. I ran home at 11 o'clock trying to hear the bridge Tanner can you please pay it play for me? You really thought I was gonna play it. Yeah, yeah Wow Please I'll work on okay pal Open line and date he ran all the way home just here the guy damn bridge center. How do you like that? Sounds like a real Idiot To me open line and the purple and the whatever that it what color is that green kind of like a darker shade of green or is it a wider shade of at 1 800 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 that guy in Orlando you know I appreciate all the Adulation and all the Fumbling and the caressing and stuff like that but quite frankly from that distance. I can't even feel it Here's a deer field hello Open line in date 751 what in Broward 524 what on the green line 1 8 9 4 4 9 4 6 3 1 800 where do the assholes come from where have they been like I said force sterilization is the only answer for this country I know it sounds radical. I know it sounds hit luresk something like that But I say that's the only answer for the future of America the only way to save this country from self-emulation baby Because it is so anyway we got the movie on here at what is this did we discover this is A and E what is it? We haven't discovered yet. I don't really make any difference roll me your and Juliet I think it's American movie classics because A and E has commercials in color no less with Leonard wedding and Olivia Hussie No relation to Charlie Hussie from color race course Here's Boca on a purple line hello. How are you doing now? Okay? I mean if you're if you're innocent I mean why do you hide and higher on attorney and expensive attorney if you're innocent? Hmm. I mean if you're innocent you have nothing to hide and you know you just come out of say exactly what happened Why ain't he talking to the police that's all I want to know why is he not talking to the police and why is Drew Rosenhouse running around shooting off his big stupid mouth making all kinds of excuses and somehow suggesting that he ain't gonna get a fair shake under any circumstances So you know that that's just the way I say well, you know that's it Unless they're gonna arrest him that's all we got to say He's getting a lot of free publicity you know this way if any of the other football players You know have problems like that. They know who to go to there you go. Maybe that's what it's all about Maybe he's gonna be a professional hip man. You ever think about that? You know I was thinking about the Michael Jackson. He's a hit Find a look like is that guy on his video that speed racer yeah same exact face Yeah same push that you hear that he's making a A new Pepsi commercial Likely story no, I swear, guys making you know that kid that sucks himself into the bottle Yeah, okay. We have an open line on the purple line pound I would be and one That was beautiful. Yeah, I do know that kid that I think he's called Ron Jeremy Jr Anyway, it's 11 30 a WOD I will say this the audience has certainly been creative and the some almost Demolating last couple of days as opposed to the first two days a week but hey after playing the same tape 47 times Steve Dickel what do you expect okay? Boy, oh boy this guy I sure hope they're having a listening session over there today because man You talk about a guy who's sitting back on over the big guys feet up on the desk there Dricken a few more tunis and have it a great time and talking about what a fantastic job all these fabulous rejoins And about these big contest were having on here which by the way we got one starting money that we're running promos for and George and I have no idea Wow, it's gonna work with what it's all about here's Miami. Hello Neil yes, welcome back Welcome back, yeah, for the vacation never while listening you better do a fast because before you know I'll be going on the next one. I am pretty sure you will I will and I can't wait Hey, let me say something first. You if everybody keeps on saying you have a kick back from it The only kick back you get from it is knowing that it worked for you right? You know, so what's the big deal and you think that diet will work for Hank Goldberg? I don't think there's any health there Also, what was that you were saying about the kennel Toyota show? Yeah, yeah, they want Dr. Ackins on there That'll be the end of his career. Yeah, but will they have them with you? No, I don't you think I'm going on there That's I they're finished with me. I'm not going on that thing Because I didn't get a chance to see when you were first off. You missed nothing have a great day pale Another guy and some and desperately in need we have an open line in date 7519463 751 W I old D baby Hold onto the sides of the chairs the suction's getting heavy duty here's for Lauderdale hello Hey Neil how you doing today? Okay, sir. It's great to have you back. I'm on the habit last night. Welcome back Neil. Oh It's great. We missed you a lot. Yeah. I was thinking about you this morning asked me if I must be in here a lot Oh, I know you didn't ask me if I thought about this dump while I was over there having a great time Well, Phil filter care everything. No worry about it. Okay, and you know he ran his show good now It's his turn a little break right and you know we were talking this morning of a breakfast about you would pop it I'll park we didn't even know that Alan had died. Yeah, and We would we would comparing the showmanship of both of you's and you guys are both both remarkable You know he was a portal missing a lot. He was one in the billion there was no I've never known anybody else like him in my life He was a hell of a guy the promotions were fat We have an open line in Brow. What he asked me if the state of Florida's full of shot and he just they keep dotting it. Okay. What's died? Must have a lot of Indians call. I don't mean like several Indians, but I mean from the old country from overseas India They keep dotting the iron there just to get that dot out of there baby Yes, the state is full of crap as usual and you know you get tired of it. It just they just wear you down It's like with the third breads, which is why I have no interest in that at all anymore because you got the three guy You know you got colder and Gulf Stream and highly every year year after year like a bunch of cry Maybe spitting and all the intro fraternal squablin public is sick of it. Okay. That's why I got nothing but the same old people out there every goddamn day And you got to stay with a bunch of retards up there in Tallahassee and they're regulating stuff that they know nothing about And they got this bitch Debbie Miller up there who's like a professional Whatever the house she is a professional misfit Running around and you know lot and keeps putting her in this slot and in that slot if you're part in that Expression and she you know one thing is consistent about her no matter what slot she's in she's still gonna know what it's all about We got your slot right over here Debbie 1134. W-Y-O-D 610 W-I-O-D if your boss doesn't listen then you know why your jobs no fun Mr. Mary Katherine. He's these are the real stories of Batman's like patrol Batman Batman When you're out of super force Batman The crime body is in which you think sure you have your super villas But when they're all locked up you deal with the same things all law enforcement personnel deal with Hang up what if you got a real big domestic squabble that in doesn't city trailer park All right How did my deposit my man I did me too? What she's making fun of my shelves on the TV and not just set me off to a mall for a while Are you all right Hey, I have no right to do what he done. I want you to what man Batman's down right now You're probably Me today I want to break up with this crap to prison the hell out of me It was his word not as pedophile okay, it's 1139 a W-I-O-D That's what America that's what the women of America are watching the same women that are raising all those kids out there Millions and millions of them they're sitting and watching all that crap all I can try fist fights all the trailer park trash all the yahu On there and they think it's real. They sit there. They haven't got any idea whether it's real Whether it's fantasy whether it's make believe whether it's a Jesus whether it's Mary whether it's Mohammed Whether it's Saul here's a lady in a Palm Beach, hello Hi Neil. Yes, man. I hate to have to follow up with that because the question I have for the doctor atkins that does We've all were around pregnancy and children Yes, I had a baby two months ago. Yeah, and I am pretty active and and you think I'm gonna be able to answer this question No, no, I know that you had several colors calling and I can't always listen to you Right, and I tried to call the 1800 atkins number Yeah, but there is he's using that for a page or now Is America just out this this morning the question I have is that I run a lot and I still have like 10 pounds to lose And I was wondering that diet is Would be feasible for someone like me if you if you've had any colors calling and say what what do you mean someone like you? I don't get it why not that I have 10 pounds to lose and then I I'm just wondering how the carbohydrates if it's the loss of carbohydrates would affect running for instance running like almost 40 miles a week 40 miles a week Maybe less Well, that article in playboy that I talked about the other day that that that guy that Sears guy he says if you're gonna be doing a lot of strain with sex size get rid of the carbohydrates Okay, well, then answer that well it doesn't answer it, but I'm just telling you what he said That's not you know you're gonna have to try it for yourself and see how you feel Uh-huh, Sears here. She said it's the name right. Okay. I'll pick that up book is called the zone See, but now we're starting with another book again. It's in the this August playboy page 32 And I know you don't want to go out like that No, I'm just I know you don't want to go out by playboy magazine But go into a bookstore and like leave through it and pretend you're looking at the pictures like you're a bullbiker something Oh, and look on page 32 and we're the article there and you'll pick up some interesting stuff Okay, well appreciate I'll probably pick up a lot more than just that But okay, okay, I know where you can get rid of it. We have two open lines in the green lines 1-800-944-9463 Here's Miami, Buenos dias Well, yes, sir Good morning, Neil. How you doing? Okay, okay. I spoke to you two weeks ago I told you that I had a minor hunter tank. I was 27 years old. Yeah, and I told you I was gonna go on a diet And I went on a diet. It's been two weeks in the last 20 pounds Oh Also my blood pressure start I was on a blood pressure bill right they started dropping and dropping a drop in I'm off the pill You know in two weeks and I feel great But the only problem that we're having we're doing this is a family thing to and our problems is The nitrites There's nitrites and bacon. There's nitrites and ham. There's nitrites and everything so we call the act in center And post a look for slap bacon, but that also has nitrites in it So we can't I don't know what you know you had bacon yesterday, but most all of them that I seen has nitrites in it Yeah, well nothing is perfect. It's not a perfect world. Okay, but that's not gonna affect your weight loss No, okay, it's not Then because this is no nitrites whatsoever and anything right well, of course you try you try for perfection But you're never gonna get it and if you get like healthy choice cool cuts I think if you look on a label you'll find that they don't Well someone do and so get the ones that don't the only ones that don't have is a turkey and that's it all the other ones do all of them Yep, we looked at all the packages in the store and people look at us like we're crazy You know Jesus, but I don't you have to move to a Europe I guess where they still make things without all the things right I'm the same day that they bring it in right Okay, okay, really okay Okay, we have an open line in date 75 one two on those green lines 1-800-944-46463 here's Tamara. Hello Good morning. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay? That guy earlier said you were getting a cutback this Saturday. Did you catch a hat? Okay back. Yeah, no, he said a cutback. Oh, somebody said your cutback maybe he maybe he needs to be cutback Maybe we'll get siphon. I have to take care of him Unbelievable. I got a question did anybody bring up to you since when you were at a town last week There was an article on the paper that the FCC is going to be clamping down on decency on radio as well till midnight Now all that was is that there was the US appeals court in Washington that you know the 1987 ruling they had about in decent speech and all that crap They just they just upheld it and they said the FCC still I think it's until 10 o'clock at night or eight o'clock whatever It's about your crap is what it is I say was one is there and now they're also going to decide about violent programming on television Let me say it again nobody with a brain in this country which doesn't cover too much territory But nobody in a brain wants the government censoring speech. Okay. It's unconstitutional. It is unacceptable and they can kiss my fat ass Well, it just sounded like the FCC's got a new boss now when he's saying this is not know it's just it's just the same old crap All right well in closing Can you play learning to spell with Donnell? Okay, we have an open not we have an open line in Broward 5249463 here's Miami Beach, hello I nail morning. Yes, sir. spy report. I hope that's worthwhile. Yes Do you think you're offered it's from the OJ unfortunately yesterday Chris Darden asking to witness the mongoloid on there Did you ever say to your girlfriend Patricia Barrett that I'm an asshole Honestly, I heard about that. I never saw that clip for some strange reason court TV never decided to show that well And every play I guess because of the the word it came across live on channel 7 in Patrick Frazier everyone Panic I guess they don't have a dump dump dump Oh Patrick Frazier he's a real asshole. Yeah, well, he panicked and he said he muttered something about Hey, this is date time TV children maybe washing we're gonna watch and we're going to watch God forbid We don't want children to hear the words oh That's what that's America man the public has been brainwashed and believing there's something terrible about words Sex is dirty the human body is dirty words are dirty. We're talking about a two-year-old sandbox mentality in this goddamn country And the Jesse homes and company are leading the put the people right down the bike with this crap well if your operative's Contenetry the the arcs they penetrate that we can't say that either That's why Especially don't say penetrate and All in the same sentence that's really bad Jesse gets real upset about this first that denied the first question Darden came right back with Did you refer to me as an asshole? Yeah, and it would have been great and what did he say? Yeah? Nothing that's when they interrupted I guess and it would have been great if the defense The dream team would have stood up and units in at that point great theater They would have said we rest our case here on or anybody Yeah, yeah I Couldn't believe it anyway in a courtroom of law exactly is that great line America baby Yep, they're yeah, and then of course the judge puts on the big act and he's so mad And he's gonna have to take a 50-minute break and go back and eat some more sushi and cool off and all that other crap You're right all a big act all big showbiz Good luck to West pal. Let me know okay see it Brian what's his name's how see a Blades how soon they forget see and what about and nobody thinks it's unusual at Benny Blades broke his fist I want to see if he's got like a cut finger there on the middle finger or which which finger it is Benny Blades has got a cut on his finger. What is that Teddy and he lives like right next door now we're starting to piece all of this together, baby 1147 a Wild harness racing fans here's an exciting week at Pompano Park again now into the summer racing schedule With racing on Monday on Friday and Saturday nights to our night the feature race will be the first leg of the gator pace for two-year-old Colts and the seminal pace for two-year-old fillies tomorrow night is family night at Pompano Park with 50 cent beers hot dogs and so does all night long And again tomorrow night a lucky fannel when round trip airfare for two to anywhere the carnival airlines flies including Los Angeles New York Puerto Rico and a Bahamas the Saturday night is a double special night in the addition of the usual $1,000 cash giveaway to some lucky stiff out there Pompano Park this Saturday will give away a trip for two the harness racing's greatest race to Hamiltonian at the metal lands The trip includes airfare hotel car rental and admission and parking at the Hamiltonian Be it to track this weekend Pompano Park Monday a Friday and Saturday first post-time 730 610 Wild Expanding your mind and a few other body parts too. Hey look for me sunny her shon w i n z e asaga is coming soon to a theater near you He was everybody's favorite dolphin And he's coming back with a new partner He's hanging out with Good day slip a Well, I'm worried my friend. I know how we're gonna make our new movie interested No, I'm all over that home. I'm just gonna press a fresh smile and do some break-ins and all the break-water I'm repin dolphin that's a movie The money fee rollin and he we added it And now flipers trying for us Recome back He's going new Flipper it's 1151 or is that Luke we have an open line in date 751 one on the green line 1 800 day haven't got naked yet Have they here and romi on Juliet but they're working on it. I'll tell you one thing. I'll say it again. He's a hell of a lot prettier than she'll ever be here is a Davy hello Yes, sir. How are you okay? I like you last week going on vacation and blue my dad Did you are did you start over like from day one again? You blew the diet Boy, you know, I just I've been to see something else the new judge. I thought he said something else It was a father's day. I basically stayed out and I just added out. Happy father's day dad. All right Squared score. Now. What is it? I just well, that's what it sounded like he said I went off. I didn't know what this scream or a pushpin Anna's up now. What is it? I went off the diet. Okay. Don't say I didn't go off it. I just added alcohol. Yeah Well get off the booze man get off the sauce. Well I wasn't Vegas and I was having a good time. Okay. Well if you're on vacation, it's all right So and what happened now? Well I started like I didn't know if you had to or not but I I'd like to get Are you right back have to go right back to scratch right by can say that yeah? Okay One of the things if you can ask since I already have the book I don't need to go to the signing Right I have a problem with the vitamin things. Why? Well, I just could you ask him if there's like a brand name Vitamin that you're supposed to that's that's best because I looked at my my multi vitamin jar Yeah, what a magnifying glass and like only half of a marin The list that has his list yeah If there is like a name brand they pedal a bunch of stuff from that. I can say health center They sent me some of it yesterday, but I don't think you really need to buy it from them No, I was just wondering if there's a name brand you know somebody somebody will call okay Someone around so have you ever thousands of guinea pigs out there have you ever heard of Mortons and Vegas Stay cast I've heard of it never been there wow great Wow, what it's like the rosewood grill right bring your platinum card It is the best thick I ever had my life where it was it you know that shopping mall it's like next to Treasure Island There's a shopping mall next to Treasure Island Well, it would be like down the street from Treasure Island You actually it's like right down the street from the rosewood grill Like one or two blocks you're not talking about that. You're not talking about the big fashion show mall are you? I don't know what it's called, but there's a big shopping mall there. Well, that's it the fashion show And it's in the back part of the mall. It's like a separate entrance. Okay, the best thick I ever had in my life I'll put it down. That's where you bring your platinum card. No problem. Okay, pal Good luck you open on a Broward 5249463 one on the green line 1 894 for here is Parkland. Hello Hey Neil how you doing good? Okay, thanks a talk to you. I've been listening to you since I left Dick Perton about 12 to 14 years ago Yeah, I've got a question on the diet The vitamins compulsory to take or not sure Yeah, okay, because I decided to diet about a week and a half ago. Yeah, that's a book and I've been able to see my toes Great, God only knows what will pop up next Yeah, you're not kidding can I call somebody a disrespect? Yeah, that's your beautiful disrespect. Okay, sweetheart. Thanks, Neil Open line on a purple line pound IOD and what on at Folk Align baby? It just sitting there just waiting to start percolating Just waiting to start doing something Believe it. I don't here's a Hollywood. Hello Good morning Neil good morning. When is Diaz? We're in a sea of allergy. It's not it's not such a good morning, though. Why not? Of course of a loss. Did I knew pretty I knew Alan but I knew his son Michael on a personal level up in Papino. Yeah, the house there Yeah, and I was wondering do you know a hurricane man? What what does that mean? He's like a big guy who passed away in 91? No, I happen to be his brother, though Yeah, but they were very close Michael and my brother Robert came man, yeah And it's just a thing would happen though. Yeah, I only found out today Well, it's a sad thing, but you know because Alan was a great friend of mine for 20 years, but on the other hand when somebody is dying of bone cancer Like that and has gone through the pain and the suffering that he has for like a long time now There reaches a point where you finally say at least he's gone to rest now and doesn't have to suffer anymore You know what I'm saying? Yeah, but the mother she's always been overprotected of Michael like where are you going? Okay, well that's great. We have an open line of Broward five two four one on the green line What in oh god almighty see we start getting Mike Finkels and friends calling in now And we'll have some answers just to why dad's laying there in the box anyway. Let's go to Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, sir. I took my lunch hour for the bridge under please play it Come on. Do you give must be off your rocker? Please come on five minutes. You got five minutes before news But it's 2021. I only got like three and a half minutes. So if you say goodbye Yes, sir. Yes About large and boats we could talk about earlier about what? And boats now we're talking about bridges over the causeway not the ones in your mouth I don't have any of my friends. Okay, okay, yeah On down the floor. They could be pretty Regulated by the United Corps of Engineering No, well it is all bridges over Navigable waterway If I knew that I wouldn't have been asking say But that I said if I knew the answer to the question I wouldn't have asked it in the first place Okay, well, I'm saying sir. Here's that the United States Corps of Engineers are the ones that regulate bridges over Navigable waterways Over one Waterway, yes, sir, okay. Okay. Yeah, so it's up to them to decide what time? Yeah, the bridges should not be open to the marine traffic. Yes, and what time should they not be open to marine traffic sir? I'm telling you that they come up with a time. Well, what it what is the time? I believe it's at wish hour times sir That they are not open to marine traffic another than that they are open to marine traffic So in other words, any slump with a boat can come along and backup traffic for tomorrow Well, what kind of a communist bunch of crap is that? Sounds like some kind of the end of thought that this tiny pink O I Do it to me Right exactly No, I think that 50,000 cars ought to stop for one jackass in his boat. I think that's what they ought to do Thank you better know your law's Mr because you sure don't that's right I want the bridges closed period okay. I want them closed. I want the bridge tended to go home and watch Your MTV and get the hell out of our lives I want those bridges closed. Let him use the Julia Tuttle, okay? Let him use the MacArthur Cosmons I think they all go out of George Washington, Bridget and jump all of bridge tenders. How do you like that sir? Like some stupid hitty yard Yeah, see didn't realize he was gonna get a little bonus section on there too. How do you like that? Just a little bit extra because the guy made up that story about how he rushed home and he took his whole lunch out here They got the bridge tender. You talk about a boring ass town. What does that tell you? We have an open line in date 751 Wild one in Broward five two four one on a green line One on a oh and by the way the bitch and night she has really got it down to a fine science now. She has got it honed down She is really doing it, okay? You know you notice one thing there's absolutely no crossover when we come back after the news I want to hear from one person in the audience who admits that they listen to the old passion vote at night just one The radio station other stations wish they could be news talking entertainment radio 610 Wild my Emmy Fort Lauderdale