Music News, talk at Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD presents The Neal Roger Show To talk with Neal, call 751 WIOD in date 524 WIOD in Broward Outside the 305 area code, it's toll free 1-800-944 WIOD And say the one customer is called Pound IOD at No Charge Now the Neal Roger Show on News talking Entertainment Radio 610 WIOD It's Friday, you bastard Today's Fast Pace World holds its share of headache Hey, there's a thumbprint on this report Go and get it Yes sir, got a problem No sir I'm under some pressure, huh? Yeah, I feel like my head's going to explode And ask for him doesn't do anything Well here take some, I've you Profate I've you Profate Well I'll try anything I'm dirty rotten son of a, put up Don't think he's talking to, I don't make it little Do we his own report? Feel better? Yeah, what's the end of you Profate Well nothing we could admit to on the radio Except our secret ingredient screw them all Which eliminates any inhibitions you might have I'm not saying what's on your mind Oh, here comes your boss Look, I want this report done Even if you have to work through your lunch hour Okay? Well listen, I'm not, what are you going to get off your, So do some work around here Well I see you take ibuprofen I take it too, you lazy piece Oh, no, stand up The cop here I do protein You's only a spitting deranger Okay, F and A man It's 10 o'clock, 70 WIOD Is everybody happy? Is everybody happy? Yes God, they're a little slow on it today But it's the moment they get it out That's what Aaron said Aaron Summers starts Monday night eight to midnight The one with a great ass And Steve Dick a lot of no Because it takes one So anyway, we got 87,000 403 For center one We got all kinds of stuff coming up Tuesday, we're going to be at the pizza Trial from five to nine Loth Trial Oh and guess what, George? We have lunch coming He didn't even know about it Yes, I do. I heard Oh and lunch yesterday Man, that's the three We have a good offer I call Jason given the number of the contest. There were just a lot of these girlfriend down the street. He's got a headache. Then the least that you can do is feed me. I said, okay, what do you want? And he had an o' no. So I said, how about that great Annika Priya across the street, right? Where the all the other 85 restaurants are going out of business? And the only sad part of it is I doubt that we're going to be able to do anything for them. It's a really great, I mean, the food. I don't know about inside. I haven't been in there, but I mean, as far as the food, everybody in North Bay village ought to be on her hands and knees crawling over there right now for lunch. That is tremendous. We had rigatoni, alab, and a capri. And it was tremendous and stuff, mushrooms, and delicious soups, and it was great. And today we got rigatoni's is bringing. Now, did you get to put your order in with the trouser trauma or not? I just said, bring more of the same heliheats, anything. That's what Crystal said. And now that we're paying 32 cents for a stamp, take a look at this. Take a look at these two, Rick is still in the clean up his crap. Clean up your act. Look at this. Look at the addresses. Northwest 39th place in sunrise. I don't live anywhere near that. Here's one, Northwest 31st place in sunrise. I get mail now that's for people like not even in the same city, not even the same anywhere. Like, oh, a couple miles away, maybe, same zip code or at least part of the same zip code. For 32 cents a stamp, we're getting this tremendous service now. Then I'm out there getting my mail before I had a chance to look at it and see that most of it was for other people I never heard of and who will never probably get this. One of those ain't a goodener. Because it says forwarding and address correction requested. And I felt it's not a credit card. I always feel to see if there's like plastic in there. Because then that's a good deal. But yeah, what's wrong with that? But a lot of times when it says forwarding and address correction requested, it's a check. Couldn't it be? Should I open them? Would you open them? It was in my mail box, you write it's my hair. Take these granny glasses and get them on here. And stick them up to somebody's butt. Give the old dick a little tickle. But anyway, let's have a great weekend and come back, please. So what have we got in here? It's say, oh, these are bills. So, from a credit agency statement of account, I'm doing these people on ice favor today. Look at that. Previous statement, this is overdue, baby. This is overdue, baby. Passed to 135.66. George, you'll take care of this. Why do we just take care of this for these people? I'll never even know what happened. The thing sad to came a little bit late. Sad to ever come late, scorched, scorched, well, better late than ever. So in other words, I guess the other one also is probably overdue. Just because it's got somebody else's name on it, if it's in your box. It's your property, at least as long as it's in your box. Let's see, this one, look at this. Now, what is this deal? This one, oh, yeah, here's one. Another dead bait, $246. Passed to, pass to, I should read their names on a year. Shouldn't I really embarrassed the crap out of these people? But I'm not going to do that. I'm just tossing the crap in a way, it's bad. So there you go again. There's the postal service at work. I just don't want to get a feel bad. We're just into the new year. But they just gooseed us. And then my neighbor, my new neighbor across the street, he was walking her dog that they went out there to get the mail. And she's telling me that her birthday was a few days ago. Her mother, every year on her birthday, for many years now, sends a record with a $50 bill in it. Well, guess what? She gets the envelope late, by the way. She gets the envelope, and it's been ripped on the edges. And the $50 bill, guess what? It's out. Obviously, her mom is finally wise enough. That's always a good scam. Say, you mean that the 50 wasn't in there? When you send it, you just kind of like rip it along the edges yourself. And you make it look like it fell out. Now, seriously. So, in other words, the postal carriers, even though we're now paying the extra $32, $0.3, so they can make all that big bucks or whatever it is they're making. They still can't make enough money that they aren't going to steal crap. So shame on you. Where is our sunshine when we need a man? Wrong addresses. And there was a thing on the paper yesterday about in Europe. They get mail twice a day. Now, I hate to break the news to you because I am an old fart. I can remember when we used to get mail twice a day. There used to be a morning delivery about 10 in the morning. And then about the 2-3 in the afternoon, guess what? Another delivery. Two deliveries on the same day. Now, the one delivery you're lucky if by 5-530 it shows up at all pretty soon. You're going to have to get up in the middle of the night and go out and say, I'm going to go check see if the mail's here yet. Because they're busy. And if you're lucky in Paris, it's said in the start of yesterday, you may order it in the morning. And that same afternoon, very often, more often than not. The same afternoon, it's delivered. Now, that's not. We're not talking about Paris, Kentucky. We're talking about a city of millions of people. And yet, somehow they can do it. Parlevou, crappy. Huh? Pretty crappy if he acts me. And I know we have a lot of postal workers who listen to the show, including my friend who used to be my meal. I don't know whatever happened to him. Who was getting ready to turn his show off a couple of years ago and made a point of coming to my door. Rick, we did you turn it off yet or what? Yeah, we were ready to turn it off. It was getting kind of pondering. We were getting right. We were at our finger on it. Yeah, a bet. A lot of those postal workers have their fingers on it. Believe me. Trust me what I tell you. But you know, it's not, don't take it personally, even though it's intended that way. But it's just one of these things that we're getting really parked off about the crappy service and he, constantly increasing rates. But I'm sure that Newton will take care of it. They're straightening everything out by Monday. Every problem in America will be solved by the fact that his pigs, because we'll all probably be locked up somewhere. So let's see. We got pizza loft on the fifth on the, whatever the day is, this Tuesday, the 10th, 5th, and 9PM. I'll be there. Bet your rush shows up and he probably is a dating Jose that night. And then on the 14th, we're all going to be a Phil and Rick and Suds and I at Paches. And I'll be with Phil at Paches, Music and Video on Sunrise Boulevard Fort Lauderdale. Let's see original Paches Boulevard CEs, Cescent T-shirts, 1 to 3PM on a 14th. And on at same day at the Fountains on South the University of Driving Plantation, Rick and Suds will be doing everything 1 to 3. And then on the 21st of this month at the Kroll Square Mall in Kroll Springs, I'll be doing my thing up there and Rick and Suds will be a cutler rich mall. Now, well, it says time and mall location to be denounced still. We haven't decided yet. And like I said, Rick and Suds will be a cutler rich mall in the 21st and Phil will be at the Miami International Mall, speaking a variety of tongues as usual so that we still have a way to go. I want to tell you one thing right now. By Monday, when I come in here Monday morning and the Queen Be gets up on a chair and puts the new grease mark up on it board. I wanted over 90,000. I'll turn to that right now. There's a lot of these foot draggers who haven't been out to pitches yet or called that toll free number and don't need to dime one yet or got any seed you're a cassette or any other guy to let's do it this weekend. Okay. Let's do it this weekend and cut the crap. This is a real embarrassing thing that we don't have like $2,300,000 in there even if we're raising it for like for me. For whatever it is, let's get with it. Anyway, 10 or 4 and of course we got the big games this weekend. Everybody's a Georgia's like hyperventilating about the big games. So we're hyperventilating about that great new schedule now. You do know the new schedule for Monday, don't you? Huh? For like nights and overnight and either does anybody else? See you missed a real psychotic day yesterday. You picked a good day not to be here. Although any day, but seriously, you picked a real good. A psychotic day which during the break I'll tell you a great story. But anyway, yeah, so like I can been saying that we had a new show after Erin Summer, she starts Monday, of course, eight to midnight with the phone sex. And then from midnight to two, we were going to have a new show. That's what I was told by our eye-darting program director. You ever see guys whose eyes dart around like a ferret real nervously? But anyway, that's what he told me. Steve Dickleey said that we were going to have like a new show midnight to do. And they were shoving around what's their name, Donna, Nick, two to five in the morning. They were shoving Dick and Don. And now I find out that the new show from midnight to two ain't going to happen. But I don't know what's that going to happen. I believe Donna and Michael moving back to midnight to three and the best of Neil are still milk and East tapes from three to I don't know. But I guess we'll all have to listen Monday night and find out together. 10 16 and Wiod. Wiod. Dream at your imagination. Well, all right, sports fans. You from Disney. It's the enchanting story of a vicious Chicago gangster and his cartoon favorite. It's the heartwarming alcohol. I hope. I hope. Let's make illegal gold. Run prostitute numbers to I hope. Yes, it's alcohol on an incredible ride through the criminal underworld with his singing Tony Gun. I'm going on a hit. Go to shoot some dumb nip with. Alcohol. It's the whole story from those wild bootlegging days to his conviction for income tax evasion. Looks like I'm guilty to see my day. Looks like scoffices are going away. And the whole family will shed a tear. As our rots in his sing sing so. Someday parole will come even. Though I am low, I've scum. Alcohol comes from all Disney and coming soon our real family favorite. Manson. Yeah, it's going to be a play. Neon God. By the way, when Aaron Summer starts with passion phones on Monday night from eight to midnight, Jocelyn Elders was inquiring along with any others. Mastervation will be discussed, but will not be permitted during those hours between eight midnight just wanted you to know that ahead of time. So we got the big games tomorrow. These Steelers will beat the crap out of the brown tomorrow. I hate to break the news to you on that because a lot of people are hoping the browns win because then if the dolphins would on Sunday, the game will be here and then my tickets will have some value. And I'm afraid that these Steelers will mop up the field. There are three rivers with the browns in the city test of a redamar. That's just my, I don't make predictions, but that's my prediction. That the browns will kick the rest. Speaking of football, by the way, and of course on Sunday, we'll have like 85 hours of pre-game for play. The bad news is of course, and I don't want to dwell on this. Even though I have people I know who keep insisting. Oh no matter what they say, there will be a season. The board of governors rhymes with manure are meeting tomorrow morning. The national hockey league. And I think at that point, it will be audio. There are ghosts. Because they're rejecting the players unions latest proposal and they're unhappy and I say, but to you and it sits over. Anyway, there's a survey. Now what is this from? This is from somewhere. We always get this stuff. It's from some damn business journal. Some Florida business journal. Studies says dolphins fans just so, so. Denver has the best fans. LA Raiders have the worst. It says, forget less Saturday. Sell out at your lobby. Stadium. Miami dolphin fans are just lukewarm. It comes to supporting their team. Not me. Not me. That's the, in fact, I heard Phil say the other day and I think he's got a point. If you land tangible support, if you buy tickets, then you're a fan. Even if you go and you don't root for the team to win. If you land here, if you go out and buy team per a fan, if you pay for parking, if you buy your own tickets, like I have for five years, then you're like supporting the team. Even if you don't give a crap about it, more you hate him like poison. Or if the coach is just a brainstem. It says the conclusion of a just completed an analization of attendance. But, but, but, but, but, but, uh, dolphin fans rank number 16. Mighty low. I would say like way down here in the middle sub middle of the pack. The index was compiled by South Florida Business Journal through a research effort by its parent company in Charlottal North Carolina American City Business urinals. The analization, which gives extra points to fans who consistently showed up to watch losers play year after year, ranks the Denver Broncos is having the most loyal fans. Denver was followed by four old NFL teams, the Browns, the Giants, the Packers and the Eagles. Oh yeah, if you go to see the Eagles, you must be a serious fan. The least, uh, the Fickle fans were the Bears. A tennis fluctuated only 6% between the best and most annual attendance between 85 and 94, excluding the 87 strike. The most Fickle fans, this I love, man. This I absolutely love. I'll give you 28 guesses and the first 500 don't count. Guess which team has the most Fickle fans? Buffalo blows and soda the bill. Oh. Buffalo bills attendance fluctuated 52.1% during that same period of time. And of course all of us remember with great joy and vigor that last Buffalo home game when he still had a chance to be in the playoffs, by the way, but got their asses whipped soundly. Uh, it was a beautiful thing when he stands appear to be very, very, very, very sparsely populated. The winning us team and the the coldest fans, Green Bay average average 28. Yeah, see that's the thing. The fans here got a good excuse because the weather is so cold here during these football months. That's probably a good reason why a lot of them stay away. Or maybe they're just second-terred of all the immediate equity. Maybe they're tied of Wayne. Maybe they're tied of Shula. Maybe they're just about your front running phone. Is which is probably the truth and what's wrong with that? Well, what do you mean just listening? What is that? Hello? Why do you have just listening on your in this line? I didn't think we could be that. What is it? What does it mean? What do you mean you're just listening? I have nothing to contribute. I'm sorry now. But what do you mean you're just listening? You're going to tie up the line all day to listen to the show? No, I told him as soon as you didn't have any more room to just dump me. Okay. Well, at least he was cooperative with that and I just did. I can't believe that. I thought we actually had a couple of calls on it. What we have a couple, but nothing to do exciting here because it's a very dead time right now. Now I could tell you about a lot of things in this place, but you don't want to get depressed. But that's another story for another day is old Mikey would say and look what they did for him. Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hello? On a gentleman. A... Nio? A? Yeah. This is our attorney, Hannah Ruby. Listen to me. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. If you get it, you get it. Oh. Oh. Hey, listen. If you get it, listen. Can they talk to the guy who was just listening before? Oh, yeah. Ruh, Ruh, Ruh. What do you want, Ruby? Yes. Hey, I like you to hear. Listen, I like you to hear the Chris Baker show last night. The Chris Baker show is a... When I see everybody say goodbye to him. What is it? Everybody say goodbye to him. Why is he not going to be on the night? I thought tonight was his last show. Yeah, last night was his last show. What's up? What's up? What's up? What do you mean please hear it? Why? It's very funny. If he was funny before last night, maybe he'd still have a show. Oh, yeah, but here was a very hilarious last night. Ruby, don't you understand? I have better things to do. Like pick my nose than listen to the tapes of old shows on this radio station. Don't you get that? I'm sorry. And see, the reason he's going off is because you were listening to a show. Oh. That's the reason he's not going to be here. Oh. That's it. Yes. Very much so. Thank you, Ruby. Bye. Okay. That's good. Okay. Good call. Best of the day so far. The only one of the day so far. So how are we doing so far? Pretty good. Sounds pretty good to me. Sounds like a real winner today. By the way, I found a great new, not a new, but an old Luis Miguel song that I'd kind of like skipped over in the past that I'm going to play 45 times today. Another obsession. Luis Miguel obsession. Speaking of that, by the way, Monday on the young and the horny for those of you who have to weekend to find out, Monday on the young and the horny Nick goes over to see a Sharon again. After they had today, you'll find that they kind of meet in school. Well, they're not really in school, but they're like hanging out at school because Sharon unbeknownst to Nick is going there like a transfer. She wants out. She's going to go somewhere and maybe he even have a baby. But anyway, so she's there. And of course, he's there because he's going to go off the college. He's going to graduate early. And they just run into each other and he braces her and they give each other a big, big kiss. A lot of tongue. And that's going to see that today. But on Monday goes over to her house. And she goes into what Big Son of Dan said, Wow, she can't go anywhere with him and she doesn't want to go out with him and by the Bonnie's getting mixed signals and he's getting better on the shape. And, you know, so she just storms out and he of slimes the door like pretending that he left and then he comes back in. And she's bursted into tears and she comes back into the, into that little, whatever that cubicle, let's supposed to be their apartment. And she's got the mascara running and she's been squirting more than Jack all over the face and the and he looks at her like, oh my god. Well, I guess now the Chris Bakers not here anymore. Can we play that like 4,500 times today? Where does that? You know, is there some special reason why we have this thing? We're because everybody steals everybody's stuff anyway. Why do we have to have two separate things? Oh my god. There you go. But not only once. Oh my god. Oh my god. Okay, there you go. Now I feel better. I feel more at home like Chris is still here. So what do we got on tonight? That Chris Bakers last year was last night. Oh, and don't tell me Steve Patterson, please. Don't say those two disgusting, grotesque, unmentiable words. Steve Patterson. I couldn't handle it. Here's Davey. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, now. Listen, I got a little story for you about Alan Dresner. Oh, it's the Alan Dresner show. I forgot about that. What is this? Yes, and I heard everybody in this audience knows Alan Dresner. They can't find them, but everybody knows it. What do you do to the good story? What are you going to rip him? What is this going to be some kind of a slanderist thing now? Yes, it is. Well, we're not going to put that on here. Get out of here. Yes, it is. Come up to nobody in this audience knows Alan Dresner from Alan Sherman. Okay, and he's dead. Let's get some people out here put a little bit of meat on the table here today. Let's think our Ethan and the reality of the world. What about these abortion clinics? What about the Warren Bosnia? What about the god damn Republican Congress? What about Newt Nukingrich's mother? Do you know Tom Snyder was starting that late late late late late late late late late. Monday night after a letterman and guess who is first guest is going to be. You're going to puke when he hear this. I'll give you 85 guesses and I just told you. Newt Nukingrich's mother. She's hot. Bitch. I mean, what you talk about just neurotic repetition. Who do I hell wants to see? Newtingrich's mother at 2 o'clock in the god damn morning. Why not have Christie brinkly on there at 2 o'clock at 2 o'clock at 2 o'clock at 2 o'clock at 2 o'clock? How about David brinkly at 2 o'clock in the morning? I apologize for the problem. The Santa Claus of late night television. Live from the GasLant District, Devo and Bocaver on 16WIOD, and that's just part of Friday's lineup, while SportsTalk 16 is live from San Diego. We'll also be live at Shulas All-Star Cafe at Miami Lakes with former Dolphin Jim Kink. Okay, it's a big game weekend, so we're thinking big. Jim Kink live at Shulas, looked up with Devo and Bocaver live in San Diego. Friday, night at 6, a news-talking entertainment radio, 16WIOD. When it's 6-10WIOD, where the seven-wurge you can't see on radio are down to 2. Fuck it in and hold it. Tommy Lee Jones turned critics heads as Ty Cobb, but his history forgotten Cobb's outcast cousin, both funniest baseball player of all time, Bob Hope stars as Corden Cobb. Seven-thinning strats, Hodon is this baseball and aerobics clown. Corden Cobb, a man who knew more about punchlines than baseball. Coach asked me why I hit that foul pop up, and I told him because I couldn't fit the chicken in our toaster. Corden Cobb, it's the Zigg Field of Dree. Sacrifice, he I gave it to you. And the day baseball said goodbye to Corden Cobb, is a day no one will ever forget. Today I consider myself a funny man in baseball. Corden Cobb, rated R for... Orlando, you're that that was definitely his tongue. I can't smell that anywhere. 1032 a WI-Day, I do want to say this, I have renewed respect this morning for old number 88. I know that he has his moments that we get a little upset when he gets a little bit too carried away. Although he is Mr. Adolphin broadcast, make no mistake about that. But last night I'm catching a little bit of his sports talk show, and sure enough, here is a man who's all of a sudden, I guess maybe he lost him for a while, I'll miss you, I'll miss you, I'll miss those dollars for the ball games, but he must have found that old big pair that he was so famous for. Wasn't he famous for a big well, a medium pair, and had him sewn back on, I'll a John Bobbett style, because last night he's going on about the Jive as Turkey's on U of M, and what a bunch of assholes they are in there, behavior is totally unacceptable. It's got no place on a football field, and of course the front running canes fan, well that's just the canes, that's their way, and he's just really ripping him and ask, Adobline Mad Dog, yes, yes! Here is a man who's not afraid to see that, you know, you can come on here and kiss up to what you think is going to be the popular thing to say, which there are a lot of people on the ear who do that by the way, who just are professional ass suckers, and oh yeah, they're the greatest, and whatever they think the majority of the people out there want you to say. Make you very popular, you see if you don't have some people pissed off and you're not doing anything worthwhile, like you're into that right now, if everybody agrees, if everybody loves you, then you're doing nothing right. Now here she is somebody who nobody thinks she's doing anything right, and she's proud of it, especially Bob Green, thinks she couldn't do anything right, and she's delighted with that, because just aggravating him is what she lives for, and I give her several high marks for that. See how high she can stand on the old chair, I'm not going to be happy with what, the new total? Well, it was 87,000, 403, what is it, 405? Well, what does this include? Today's peaches? I understand that, well, what do you mean I'm not going to be happy? I'm not expecting much, you mean from Capture Glory? Tell him to leave us alone already, he's a great guy, but he is so neurotic for Christ, and he's going to work here. It is very messy in here that's because Richter's left. 87,485 dollars is our total, that's okay by Monday, we'll have 90 grand. When you call over at peaches, when you call Joe, I guarantee we'll have 90 grand. Joe is the best, he knows his crap, we love you, Joe. Over at peaches, we love you, even though you are a little surly at times, you're a hell of a guy. So anyway, that's not too bad, we'll have 90 by the weekend, and then we got all these other big events. Go, we're going to get 200, if we have to get the last 10 from Wayne, High Zenga himself. We're going to get 200 grand, or I'll know why. Here's sunrise on a purple line, hello. Howdy. Howdy. Hardner. I was kind of wanted to comment on that postal thing. Same problem, same problem, same at our location, and I called and complained about it. And they told me that they have installed some new, they're testing a new automated system that sorts the mail. Oh, it's working great. Yeah, and they put the, you know, and they put it into trace for them. And now they're guys who, you know, these postal guys used to start their own mail and then take it out. Well, now the traces come to them, they leave an hour later. That's why we're getting our mail much later. And so they're not from the sorting and the machine has screwed up bad. It's to chew it up in the open part of it, it was what they told me. Well, that's great. And it means that we spend the extra three cents on every letter, which is millions and millions and millions of dollars. So they can buy these new machines to screw up everybody's mail. And you can get everybody else's bills. That's great. Yeah. And then, and then, of course, what you have to wonder is who's getting your mail. You know what I'm saying? In other words, if I'm getting all these other people's mail, we're even living my area. Who's getting my bills? Well, one day. And then probably in about a week, I'll be getting letters anyway. Your past, too. Those letters always show up. Your past, too. How come we didn't get your check yet? Well, it was, it was. It was, it was, it was. One day, I found about six envelopes that belonged to me on the ground, down down the block. Yeah. Now, that must have been a misfortune or maybe it was. But it had about $4,000 of, you know, received check. Oh, nice. It's very nice. Very nice. You just wonder now, where they go on the rent of the county when the machines know sorting. Anyway, just point of interest. Well, we'll keep our fly on it for next couple of weeks and see what a great job they're doing for you. Notice how it's simultaneous with the rating crease, too. And then I'm top of that. But it's like sticking it right in there and twisting it a little bit. And when you call, they just leave the, they just, you know, if you want to get in and, you know, in complain of having to try to do something about it, they just leave the phone off the hook so you can't get through. Yeah, well, they're busy on a break right now. Don't be bothered, right now. Have a great day, pal. See, I say federal express is always a good way to go. If you ain't no seriously, if you have anything important, they're great. FedEx, that's the only way to fly, turn to that right now, the mail service blows. But we open up our own goddamn mail service. Huh? That's your as a beats P in here with these people. 1037 at WIOD or Nickel and Dime Station. Press by the host, guest or callers on WIOD, you're not necessarily those of this station or its sponsors. All WIOD programs are copyrights 1995 by WIOD Incorporated and may not be recorded or distributed without prior ripping consent. Gas make everything so big. I like it. I like it. Me too. 1040 at WIOD. Happy Friday to it. It's going to be a big, big football field weekend. And probably a lot of the women out there, the, the couch potatoes are out there watching their football and the women are getting really pissed off. Although what seemed to me, this would give them a lot of time to go out and screw around on the side. Sure does. And go to them all with their, you know, other, with their lady friends and boy friends and whoever else they're hanging out with. And leave hubby sitting there with his 25, 6 packs and watching a ball game. That's where it's said that's what it's all about. Here is what? Freeze up a lot of women this time of year. Does it? Oh, that's where you were yesterday, huh? So how's your daughter's girlfriend down the street that had the head cool? It's my daughter. Your daughter what? Is she very sick? She's very sick. But any of my daughters today, my wife was afraid that she got been meningitis. What is just a fireman in? And she is. No, it's not. But that's what my wife was afraid that she had. In other words, she thought it was something that was definitely serious, but it's not. It's not. A lot of not. A lot of not. Like I said, it could have been bad, but it's not. Let's do pepper pun. What happened to pepper pun? So it was just about to punch up pepper puns and they're gone. You know, if you people are in a hurry today, I don't have time for you. Okay. I don't have time to do a little around with people are in a, two big of a hurry for me. We have two open lines that we have nothing here. Basically what we got two open lines in date, 751, 2 in Broward, 524 and a green line, 1 800. We got three stick in calls on aboard. It's 1040 in a morning here already. Because we're not giving away any more of those CDs that you locked away and let's keep in there wherever you locked them until at least Monday. Oh my god, I'm sitting in here these people on Rick show this morning. Oh, I, I, I still give it away. Wash your and dry here. Are you still giving away? Uh, wheels of world of, uh, oh, go away. My god. You would think that we were giving away something that was worth something for crying out loud. And let me say it again if I some miracle and it would take that if Pittsburgh loses to the Browns tomorrow and the dolphins beat San Diego, which is shy, I think they got a pretty good shot at that on Sunday. If both of those things happen and the AFC championship game is here next week. I still have a very special spot those 250 art line seats. And by the way, the school teacher ain't getting them by the way. Can you believe that there's a message you're made to call the school teacher, the one that she and her father sit next to me at the games when I used to go. And I know what it's about because I already heard from the fat man from Mr. Yenta that Jeff moved her seats and they've been shuddled over to another. Hey, that's your problem, honey. I like you. You and your dad. You're okay. You're nice. You reformed you a bunched up a little bit. And I saw Jewish family there or whatever they are. But hey, I got enough problems in my own. I can't worry that I'm sure that's what she wants. Is to give me a go on a year and to start screaming in the island. I can't fight everybody else battles for me. And I'm talking about because I'd be nickeled and pennied and snorted to death in this joint. Here's a mobile in Boko. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. That's last caller made the comment a day. Fabulous service. We're not getting from the postal service. Hey, suck. You tell me about it. He also mentioned O'Confort Boulevard. I give you an aim in there. Joanne Leone. I went around around a lot about the family. Really? Wasn't being delivered to my place? You went around and around with Joanne? The only. Yeah. I told her flat out. There's two reasons why I'm so bad. I'm so bad in the face. Don't mess with those Italians. You better watch it. I want myself. I'm talking about that. Yeah. I told her it's just two reasons I'm moving that along her hill. And the lousy service I'm getting here. I'll stop the list. All right. I live up and I'm married. I tell you my marriage on time. It's perfect. I'm moving up and I'm married. In fact, I bet you in market they probably don't have all the repressive ordinances like we do in the acres. Where every time you fart you got to get a permit. Well, if they do they haven't made me aware of it yet. There you go. I say, let's start promoting market a great place to live. Yeah. Where the median age is 200. They don't bother me. They shuffle along. And I do my thing. There's something to be said for that. Then of course, in a supermarket, you just run them over with your shop and carton. Just do it on your there to stand and do not do it. I can't come out of my way. Excellent. Have you saw my great one? Good mobile. Thanks. There's a more smart man. He got there a lot of water hill. And he moved to a market. No one to run. No where to run. No where to hide. That's what Martha and Van Della said. And then a bunch of other people who covered that song. Anyway, I'm sure that there are a lot of people who think that I'm going to discuss this story about the pizza Rio, which I noticed Gary Stein. You know, you people are so predictable at the newspapers here. Especially Gary Stein and at Ray Wretchard. You know, such perokio yocals. Can't we just pretend to be like a city, which we're not. But wouldn't it be nice if we like lived in what we could call a city? A little bit a little more maturity, a little bit more. Instead of the scrub, other pick it up. It's only the perception of all these bodies lying here. Always the same old crap. And now there's this story about the pizza Rio, big Luis. Speaking of Italian. Big Luis. And here's another big article. Seems big cheese took on pizza Rio. Badi Adi Adi about Doug Danzigur and about it's event. And they're like trying to bust down his pizza Rio. Big Luis because there are a lot of too many people in there. And the ordinance says there are only a lot of 22 people in there. And they got too many people in there. And they say that they were the concert about the safety, which you know is a bunch of crap. And it's a vendetta. And a whole thing boils down to guess who's pizza Rio is George. I'll give you 685,000 guesses. Wayne? No. Bill Lerio. Now, do you think I'm going to go on the, yeah, right? It's got his hand over his push. I would too. That was the local sections. The local section of the Sun Sentinel right there. It all bill Lerio. I'm so sick and tear it all as crap. And just everybody's out to get him at big Luis. Best feel in the city. I'm sorry. That was Luis in the Bronx. Well, maybe there's a connection between big Luis and Luis in the Bronx. And right away, Gary Stein. Of course, it is a dead time. There's nothing else going on. I mean, we just got the, you know, the Super Bowl coming up in a couple of weeks right here in town. Got millions of things going on here. He's right in about stupid pizza crap again. By the way, speaking of pizza, what time's our lunch coming? Do we know from a trouser troublemon? We don't know what time it's coming. Here's a lady in Carroll City. Hello. Hi, Happy New Year. Happy New Year. I talked about pizza. Do you remember Aldi? Do you remember what? Aldi's. What the hell is that? Aldi is a pizza ria. It's been a part of the time. No. No, you speak us to the bar. No. Well, you mean across the street from where are you still living there? Right. And you're, are you still there? Yeah, we're still there. We're still going strong. Great. That's right. My publics. Yeah, right. Your name came up the other day. Uh-oh. I was talking to my former boss and we were talking about Henry. And he just discovered Phil Henry's program and what a good show. And he enjoyed it. And I said, oh, I listened to him and Neil Rogers every day. He says, oh, Neil Rogers. He used to be a former customer of ours when he lived across the street. You bet. And he told me about how he's, I never saw him. He said, my customers are coming in and telling me they heard about me on the radio. That's right. And he said, one day, Neil came in to pick up an order. And I thanked him a lot for the free from listening. He said, and I had a hell of a time taking up his check. He said, he wouldn't even let me buy a pizza after all the free from listening. That's right. I don't like being a free loader. It's a very, very expensive. Makes you feel slimy. I know. But if you feel real slimy. And we're just good customers. I think good. Yeah, they have good pizza. I'm sure they still do it. Is right across from I used to live in Villas Lakes. They're on tap street non-tap to an I8 is. Tap to an I8 is there. Right. You're still the same place. Yeah, still the same good food. Anyway, stop picking on a post office. My son works for the post office. I didn't say your son's a bad guy. Although he might be out on home. But I'm just saying to post office blows. He just worked seven days a week, 12 hours a day to get your mail out. Now you're picking on him. Don't you remember, don't you remember, because you've got to be his old desire. I am a pretty close to the older. Your older nine. Then don't you remember when we used to get mail delivered twice a day? The day and the mail now walked. He took, he was right. Well, that's right. I forgot about that. We didn't have mail boxes out by the road. He used to walk right up to your house. This was that cold. Mattents will be able to. He didn't have one of those little scooters to ride around. And what was the little mail cards used to walk. He used to let that big thing on his back. He used to come twice a day. Right. For three cents. Yeah. For three cents used to come twice a day. Ten and a half. We're trying to work on two guys like that. And then you can't live in the past. You can't turn it back. Although I think now that we have this new new deal in Washington, they're going to turn the clock back about 200 years. Oh, yeah. The kids are going to go to the orphanage. There it is. Right. And we're all going to go to camp. It will be for free. And you have a great weekend. Okay. You too. Bye-bye. Go dolphin. Go dolphin. Let's go a fiends man. Where's that thing? I'm going to go the orphanage. There you go. What's the reason for that? Let's go. Okay. Go dolphin. Zaryn. Let's go a fiends man. Where's that thing? Come on. Let's get out of the bad wagon here. Let's really build up the dolphin here. Pretend that I'm a big, uh, BBB. That's enough. That's enough. Too much. Anyway, it's the 1049. And let's take your call from a lady and my me lakes on a purple line. Hello. Hi, how are you? Great. Listen. I have some guys about the new blockbuster. My me lakes. Yes. There's a, uh, be like. There's a blockbuster right by the saw grass now that they built. They kind of like sneaked it in there by the, uh, by the. Not the mom. No, by the gas station. There is an example station or shower shower. On station. They sneak through like in behind there between right. And from the saw grass, mills. And sunrise Boulevard. They kind of like sneaked it in. Like in the middle of the night. One of the ones they wasn't there the next morning. I'm driving a work. And there's a blockbuster blockbuster music. What? Anyway. the type of spillage video stored there they put blockbuster in the gram companies to court yeah he's got a hundred thousand dollars in escrow and he got a reprieve he's gonna be able to stay there for six more months yeah blockbuster says while he's there they're not paying rent to the gram companies the gram companies offers separate village like fifty grand to move out of there they said no way they're gonna fight blockbuster well good for them oh maybe they can get some pointers from bill area look what it did for him yeah maybe they can sell pizza on the side too and it can look in the have the original zid pizza maybe they can have the face of way not a pizza people are always seeing the virgin Mary and Jesus on a pizza maybe we can have old zid face on a pie call it the zid pie have a great weekend thank you to you bye bye thanks for the good news not everybody's gonna roll over and lay down dead for way and by the way come Tuesday we have a couple of days we're investigating certain things that have happened to you very recently which I'm sure you've got a good idea what I'm talking about come Tuesday once I find it gets a man who's if I do and I'm pretty damn sure I will because I'm pretty pissed off about all of this but anyway then the stuff is gonna hit the fan because remember what I said several months ago if anything mysterious if anything bad happens forget about what it appears to be just look at all crater face that's what it's all about because this is the way these people work squash everybody even the eight billion dollar sisters will ain't gonna work pal but just keep that in mind as we discuss some of these other things as we will how's that phone line coming ten fifty one a w i o d six ten w i o d more fun that waxing your bikini line look at this I just noticed a note here I'd seen this inside radio thing here's an out from a nickel uh... Steve Dickle kneeled at this happen if not something go after inside radio see if he had any clue what was going on here I don't expect him to be listening all the time because he does have that door closed in there is probably busy but it says pack and zated drops classic rock for mainstream a o r this is inside radio which goes to radio stations all over the country on facts it says that's today when bug pack since my station finishes it's a zeta music stun others was yesterday meanwhile there's a soap opera building cross town talent a talker kneel Rogers accuses the dumps run and run morning team of using their honor revelation about rondy as wife having aids to gain sympathy and stay off cancellation of the show suggesting they're trying to exploit the aid's issue rondon rondon proud themselves devastated by what they claim was a sudden termination pack and peat in the americ says was all about lousy ratings above a bomb castred over this et cetera well of course it happened we had that on the air two weeks ago that people in the business all over the place who had known about this uh... thing for months about rondy as wife having aids that it was not a big secret that was pretty well known in the industry they knew about it for more than a month over at zeta and the timing of it according to a lot of people and that that's why i believe that i believe that this was in the desperate attempt to try to elicit a lot of support to rally the troops around and i think it's thanks and that's my opinion whether anybody likes it or not i think that to exploit somebody's illness no matter what illness it is to try to like uh... get brownie points and try to like uh... hang on to a station that's that's bad could be wrong but i don't think so and as far as nickel a dime is concerned get get busy and there do something where is that new schedule or is the new lineup for next week nickel dime come on let's let's put out a line of so we know what we can start promoting what's going to be on here although if it's done in my class let's not here's for a lot of day hello new yes sir it is so great that you decided to stop giving away that free crap man i am so tired of people calling you up and sucking around yeah uh... just beautiful what did you call me for sir the sock around to see if you place moujax stuff well yeah no see he's upset because people because he wants to suck around all by the way got another fact yesterday from that boy Greg putts even after the one i read on the air which i think if i see it's got his name on i just toss it now just absolutely useless hopeless take apart cheesy go out and get some uh... what the other used to call those things that they used to sell they were illegal punch boards way before you were born jurist they had punch boards and they had like all these little wholesome and they were like am i was able to go think was a gambling thing go on sell some punch board go on and check anybody's mailbox and make sure that the mail is coming to the right house that would be a good public service Greg do something constructive we have an open line in date seven five one we have one in uh... brought five two four and one on a purple line at pound i-o-d and you notice that no matter how i've tried i've tried all week long because i believe it's something that's very very serious even though a lot of people take it carefully and most people don't want to talk about it the thing with the jive as behavior in sports especially on a football field and not only but especially at university of my amy and i like i said the here man i was shocked i was so pleased that i'm not i'm not the only person that's got the balls the common talk about how unacceptable and embarrassing and grotesque and disgusting that behavior is and the jive and around and dancing around and like you know there was one really good call he at least on sports talk see a couple of people will talk about that but on this show uh... they want to something for free but somebody made a very good point that is when you're going to go out there and behave like that is unacceptable is a you better win every game man because you're talking to trash and uh... you're not you're not carrying the cash you're blowing a big one and that's why they're on their hands and knees and tears when it's all over when to get their ass kicked the joke pathetic but hey like fiel says it's college ball it's little league man i've been trying to tell people it's time that free years oh but those kids wake up and get with the program and elevate this community beyond a little league place it's bush league it always has been and probably always will be can't we be a city can we be a real place oh it's the uh... what's the expression they always used that they love to use oh world class city when i hear that i laugh so hard man that my hammer it started i mean a world class city anybody who's been aiming like north of uh... entry knows that this is about as world class as lutes get serious here's my any hello happy new year i got your best of city great it is i got a little story for you um... i'm trying to find a job and i've got long hair so a lot of people can't wait a while right i walked into a skate shop yesterday skate shop yeah skate shop and uh... i applied and i heard the show like in the guys office towards the back and i said oh you listen to me this is yeah so i showed him the front of my car and i have like an airbrush of the cd like uh... the monolisa on the front right and uh... that was it for the stuffy interview the guy relax and he was smiling and laughing and great i started twelve out standing great i'm and so usually i'm here to buy guys that get pulled over and get a double ticket because they want my bumper stickers on their bumper so this is like this is the second time that i've heard a story in the last week about some of y'all because they listen to the show oh it's great i'm i'm in heaven now all right thank you good luck pali hang in there how do you like that so it pays to listen to the new roger show whether they you believe it or not just ask way and he'll tell you what's the name of that thing by the way uh... that bit that we haven't played in ages about long-haired freaky people need not apply that we were playing back in the days when uh... don't give me a look about it i remember my god i can't believe this i can't believe it you don't know the new is five minutes after the hour i'll go in the news whatever hell i feel like it and they'll like it look at the station too big for Randy rose news talking entertainment radio sixteen w i o d my m e fortlottardale they had a big gas problem this morning on the beach good morning at eleven o clock i'm chariott and six ten w i o d news the u s military has sent fifty four Haitians back to their country from guantanamo it is the first group of this town is full of dead be you think in the leg a ride news talk entertainment radio six ten w i o d presents the new roger show to talk with neal call seven five one w i o d in date five two four w i o d in brouard outside the three o five area code it's toll free one eight hundred nine four four w i o d and say the one customer's could call pound i o d at no charge now the new roger show on news talking entertainment radio sixteen w i o d it's right there you bastard oh oh oh And when you're in the rain, I think it's hard And the wind's in all breastholders Will the fire on the back While I jump to the pentam round, be your shadow When you really fight Oh, you put up the fan And as you keep up, all the keep on your face And the new year, all the time, all the faces They've made you some kind of fold Find a way of the size Buy an obscene program in my mind Do this, don't do that, we are the size Oh, you found this, so can you breathe You can't blow your will up, be your source of breath You should talk in a tiny ski What brings the blows you can be queer Dream, dream, we're alone here And the wind says you've got a hell of a marriage It's a positive cause and a great take care of I know I already have I hope you do this soon, soon And the wind's in everybody's well Come in, watch my fingers play But sorry boy, you sucky rock Now I don't have any Oh, I got my whole free will Come in, my whole boy, I To oversee the load of down with me Get out, see the pain to shine The size, size, weigh my day to time Do you find up the series From around in my mind When you piece a shot You piece a shot You perked Level 9 at WOD, the signs are everywhere Man, they all look like a big twisted cross Hanging over America's matter of fact Next time you go to ball game to the race track To any sporting event You're going to notice that what used to be The stars and stripes is a giant swastika Because that's where we're going now In a case you missed it on the 11 o'clock news The fewer over Josh Lennel, there's Joyce Lenn Whatever the heller name is, doesn't quit Now there's an outcry at the university of Arkansas Medical Sciences School Where she went to teach after Clinton and Fire Surgeon General because she had the audacity to tell it the way it is Conservatives state lawmakers in Arkansas say her views on a Bosch Drug legislation and gay rights Make her unfit for the med school At least one is suggesting that he and his colleagues Might try to block the school's funding If she gets a job So we don't like what you say You can't work, you can't breathe, you can't live We taught the truth in the past About masturbation, they should not be told a lot But you know, here is going to grow on their hands They're going to grow in their hands They're going to grow crazy, they're going to grow blind They shouldn't lie to our children about the fuck You mean they're not? What do you get thinking about this peanut thing? Oh my god So anyway, that's the latest We continue, I mean if only been in a couple of days They would even have their ass warm on a seat Even though they'd been in our state been working 24 hours They just like the Nazis were back in the beginning And Nazi Germany Like rewriting the entire constitution And kind of like taking apart And they had little things like the Billarite stuff like that We have an open line in Broward 5249-463524 sigheil And let's go to a mobile and Miami, hello Yes sir How are you doing sir? It's really great Good, listen, my son's only a year old, he's already playing with it Really? Oh yeah, I mean he's old He's old, he's old, he's old, he's old That's good A human being is only going to do it, makes him feel good There you go So, hey, don't tell a conservators that though Listen, first of all, I don't think I'm going to get my voice back Before the game is only going to get worse But is anybody called and told you yet about Wayne Jr. in the paper? No Okay, about his boat that was stolen And to get it back, he offered two super bolt tickets Ha ha ha It's on the front page of the local section of the hair Oh the hairl I don't read the hairl I don't read the hairl under penalty of death But I might say fine to copy it's great But guess what C.C.C.C. he offered Noes bleed in the end zone On our unit, I expect good seats just to get his boat back to it I went a little bit carried away It was a 31 foot cabin crew And you know how quick they got it back after they offered to take it It's too loud Yeah, I'll tell you what, listen If anybody out there who stole Wayne Jr. is boat He's got that boat, it's a 31 foot cabin crew Right I'll give you my two seats right on the 50 art line How do you like that? So bring it right by here, just zip it down the bay Just, we'll dock it right out here Be on tilt to a clock And I'll head on home and you can have the tickets You got them right here in the building That's an awesome deal All right Go dolphin thanks See you Okay, we can put him to shame I'll give you a couple of nosebleeds He's mighty good little oxyton for you The coach don't use it all up first Here is a shocking thing I mean this makes joysl and jostle and pale and wince significance Andrew Greely as in going a west young man Or was that horoscerealy Father Reverend Andrew Greely Who's always right in the stuff that gets the cataly cararchy Very, very upset The sexually oriented father Says that catalyx really likes sex That's right Catalyx are doing it more than anybody else According to the Reverend Andrew Greely More than two thirds of catalyx engage in sex at least once a week Not necessarily with their mate Compared to 56% of non-catalyx I'd like that a big difference there I don't know how big he didn't draw a map Among older persons have of catalyx H55 and older reported having sex at least Once a week compared to only 40% of others Catalyx also score higher on sexual playfulness skills For example 30% of Oh man the Pope is going to be foaming at the mouth when he hears about this There's going to be a lot of these guys One and a half come the altar boys haven't been paying attention to this They also score higher on these sexual playfulness Scales for example 30% of catalyx say They have purchased erotic undergarments either often or sometimes Compared to 20% of non-catalyx Even single catalyx are more sexually active than non-catalyx Really said just a third of single catalyx adults reported being chased During last year anybody been chasing you Compared to 43% of single Protestants Jews of course only do it when the credit cards get revoked But I mean that's just and with that goes on to a big thing This is in the a herald of today's matter packed on set paid six f Approperly enough Page six f as in father How do they religion say what's that guy to do with religion man? What does that guy do this is disgusting see this is the impact of people like Joyce and again now we've got these damn renegade priests writing about sex pretty soon They've got to be having it. Then we'll really all be going to hell Father old two exactly Let's do a lady in Miami hello Hi Neil how you doing how are you? Are you Catholic no, okay, but I have a Catholic boyfriend. You have a Catholic boyfriend. Does he like doing it a lot? Um, I don't know I take the fifth no come on a lot Only my beliefs need to take the fifth in other words so only once in a great while Um, no Only one in our sexual drives. Okay. Very healthy up. You know, I was out of drive it right exactly listen Did you hear that Rick Sanchez you know how he would sometimes go guess lecture to find you? Mm-hmm. And the paper yesterday the hairline. I don't read it. He's going to have his own class Yeah, I heard Phil talking about that yesterday. They had the guy from channel 7 on and he's going to be teaching people how to Make cocktails after he hit guys in your car. Everybody do a little head and run. He's going to teach him how you slide away from the cops. I saw you sweet talk I'm in Gollman and I have a couple of cocktails. Yeah, I thought that was good. It's going to be cute. Yeah. I went to the orange bull. Yeah. Game and I'm a UM fan, but I graduated from university of Texas. So they're first in my heart, but I'm so far away that you know, it's hard. Anyways, for the quarter then to the third quarter and we still had the lead and some jokes behind us. The students hit the fourth quarter. Everybody put surf fingers up for four And he's like, we got it. This is it. We're home free. We want the game. They're home free, alright. Yeah, and I'm just going on. No, you know, there's no way we're home free. Besides the fact that I knew we were going to blow it anyways. I mean, even after we're still 17 to nine. What was it? Yeah, it was. No, but we're still 17 to nine. Even after they had first and go on the four and I was born sitting at stupid passplan first on a gutter accepted. I know. And it was still 17 and I might have had to ball back. I know it was sick. Real sick. I don't know if you remember. I called you about my dog being on Prozac. Yeah. Remember that? Yes, I do. She's off. She's off the Prozac. And let me tell you she's much more of a personality back. Yeah. Maybe we should think about getting the governor off it. I was just going to say, maybe the punch has been going to say if you keep giving it long enough, she's going to turn into a chicane. No, I'm telling you. I think I have this I did. She might have. Because the governor, if he runs again, he's going to go after that chicane vote in the next election. That's true. I'm telling you, that's what got him over the top this year. Yeah, I'm not happy. Cool. Alright, now that's all out of material. Have a great weekend. See you. Bye. Bye. Bye. Open line in date 751 1 in Broward 524 W. I.O.D. Catlix really likes sex. They really do. Alright. All the catlix are going to be calling on the passion phone. They're going to be having passion with their phone when Aaron comes on Aaron. No, bra on Monday night. Neon God. Anyway, it's 11.16 at W. I.D. It's Friday. You passed. That's right. 16 W. I.O.D. for better reception. Take off your clothes and raise your antenna. S.S. is Sholde La Manjana. God be over his. S.S. is S.O. Cerebrou. T.N.S. but I quote us. Politicians who put orphanages back in the mood. And that's why we're putting them back on Broadway. The cat is hit. Written by that little deck in Newt Gangra. She's new. Please now have some more. It's political twist. Well, hey anything for kids not anything you're well-fair free ride is through. Political twist. The story of one man with clouds and millions without. Take them all away from their mothers. Boys town is where they should go. People are saying about political twist. I miss my baby. I'm not aware of you. I'm trying to hold on. Political twist. It's the musical for the 90s. The 70s. It's 11.20 at W.I.D. There's an open line in day 751. And at purple line now I'm starting to get a little bit of a pest. You know what I'm saying? Because that purple line is only linked to the people in the. All those little minivan's out there. People are drivers. Little minibuses. They ought to. Every one of them be off the road. This thing in day county with these so called. And they're all Haitian drivers too. I don't want to say that Haitians can't drive, but they can't. But I mean these. Where do they find these people that are driving these? Beed up old little minibuses. This is public transportation. Like I said in a major city. Would you have a thing like this? Would he's rickety old smelly diesel. Puking oil burning pieces of crap with guys who just got off a banana boat who wouldn't know a driver's license. Have you stuck it up their ass? Which is probably where they found it? Mini bus. Yeah, mine. Just let me weave all over from one lane to the other. I got to drop a few people off here like in the middle of the road. So get out of my way you ugly face. You. Very nice. Pound I OD on a set in one line. If that don't start ringing pretty soon. That's just going to be it. Kiss it at the winds. Put us out of business. Here's Margade. Hello. Yes. Neil. Yes sir. Look. On the manager restaurant and crossprings. Yes. And I'm an avid dolphin fan. I know you're not really fond of the dolphin. Right. That's correct. How come you don't like them so much? Listen. I don't want to. Do you listen to this show? Yes they do. Don't why do I have to repeat everything about what I've got over the million times. I see it's pops. See it's pops? Why? Because you say they're all fat slabs. What does it have to do with what they look like? What does that have to do with it? I don't know. I don't like their attitude. I don't like this. Shool-eyed. I don't like Wayne. I don't like the ambiance of the whole team. I don't like their attitude towards this radio station. I don't like the way they stiff everybody all the time. I just had Brian Cox makes me nauseous. Have they really stiffed you before? But he means if they stiffed you. Have they really like said they'd be under show and then they didn't. All the time. Not on this show. But on this station. I don't have guests on a show. But they've done it on sports talk over and over. More often than not. Since Brian Cox decided that since he just happens to have a show on QAM that we're going to stick it to the IOD. Plus the fact that he's just without a sense of humor. They do just a bunch of spoiled assholes. What they are for the most part. And I don't like them. If somebody's going to stick it to me. What am I going to do? Support them? Well, if you need any help getting rid of stick it to me. What? If you need any help getting rid of stick it out of here. What? I see there's what that is. Rest by case. If I need any help. I won't need any help and you won't be getting him. That's for sure. Okay, pal. If I need any help the guys bring any yacht right over here now. Wayne has in good juniors. Yott is in the Bay behind the station right now. I hope Rick Sanchez keeps his greasy hands off it. Please. It's just been polished and waxed and the boat too. And I got my two tickets and the guy who brings that yacht is the guy who's going to get him. And you ain't going to see him. Got a guy. You know, I've got to go through this verbal for play. How come you don't like him? Everybody who listens knows the story. They know I'm not going to go support there. Pretend to support a bunch of guys with a crappy attitude who want to like you. They have no sense of humor from the coach. The Brian Cox who a lot of his teammates out there. There's a few good guys out there. Danny is great. You're never going to get me to knock the end. Moreno, even if he don't ever show up on our show. I don't care about that. He's great. One of the all time greats. What are the greatest players ever put on a Jocstra. It takes a lot of abuse from people who expect them to be perfect and win every game. But that's Miami. Of course. All the university lost a couple of football games. Guys for all Jays, poor baby. I can just see at Michigan State. I can see on one of the great institutions in this land. I can just see they lose a couple of games which they lose several every year. Nobody is all I've considered. I can just see them running around. This guy is falling. We better like we better all lock ourselves in our rooms this weekend. And just beat ourselves with chains. When are these people going to grow up already? And the thing in the paper this morning says Dennis Erickson is on his way to Seattle. It's just about a done deal. If he's got even a small brain in his head left after Drinking All-Ed Milk. If he's got a small one, I mean, brain. He'll be on his way to San Jose, which is not far from Seattle soon. Because I don't know the guy personally. The people in our sports department including D.F. They tell me he's a good guy. All the way still think he's a prisoner of the program. He hasn't had no control over what's going on over there. It's out of his hands. It's beyond his control. This whole ambiance of this barbaric crap whatever you call that that they're doing over there. And he'll get out of here because the guy comes in here. They are decently losing a couple of games. Oh, he's out. It's getting worse than Notre Dame. All new people out there who always take it a shot at Notre Dame, which believe me, nobody hates them more than I do. They're up noxious. You don't really know sense or load out of them. That person's pretty old and homesick are high edict's. You can't just stay well on their cash. And it's not that he's too much more expensive than quieter in general. But if he's, you'd be like, he's working against any ground to every level that makes mistakes again and I say, He doesn't really know how to deal with him. But if people get out of their bond and come in, I don't think everyone still gets that bad attitude to me, and I probably never had the best idea. As far as I know I'm participating, but if anybody points for you to read those photographs, it's simple. But at the end of this stand, What about right here? It's becoming obsession. It's like neurotic. Oh, they lost to game any origin, but we're gonna do what are we gonna do? Like Al Martino, I think Don Corleone needs to come in and slap around the pussy a little bit like he didn't the godfather. Act like a man. That's what you can do. We'll send Tom Hagen a California or the horse heads in New York. He'll take care of things for you. Then you won't lose no more football game. Then they will fear you. But in the meantime, cut the crap. Anyway, where we going? We're going to a mobile and crawl spring. Hello. Brian Cox, Doc and Bob. Yeah, here's a lady in Boca. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Okay. I think Rush Limbaugh is a Republican demon. And I certainly pray he doesn't spread his seaman. For if he does in the world over, there'll be dolls and thermons and gingrichs and clover. So I say to him here after the right. That's a chronic woman. We have an open line in Brent. You know who that is. That's someone from Locksahatshi or where would it house. He's from, you know, that you wouldn't know that voice. Oh, come on. Open line at Broward. Five, two, four, one on the green line. 1, 800, 9, 4, 4, 9, 4, 6, 3. Don't be saying disgusting things on the air like New Gingrich. Okay. Do you hear what she said? And then make it even worse. You compounded it with doll. Here's Miami Shores. Hello. Anyhow you don't. Okay. You know an I know that in 86 when hurricanes were not to see as the ball probably the most talented hurricane team that choked. Yeah. Had they won that game? The teaks would be the uniform of the day today, but not only the hurricane and the rest of the country. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. If that's the case then how come since they won four national championship? Right. How come that all the other teams are out there Jive Asn and do the same? You think that Joe Peternos going to allow that to happen? Oh, no. Not any, not any questions. Anybody with any. Right. You think Lou Holtz is much as I dislike him. You think they're going to let that go on at Notre Dame? No. When I'm trying to say that the hurricane's but the bottom line is Erickson is a prisoner and if they win. But they don't try to extend his everybody else because the coach he's the one that's supposed to be in charge and the inmates are running the asylum and that particular institution over there, which is one of the reasons that all is fraud, Nollies, pell grants and all is scandal. And again, they're not alone. I mean, that's going on everywhere. Right. What the fact is this is why that's all gotten out of control is because they have this obsession with winning and winning. And everybody, you know, Ted Foot, who's a third burger, but nonetheless a few years ago, he says, Oh, well, you know, we have to get back to academics at the University of Miami. And everybody's saying, get out of here. Even mad, it's just saying, here's a guy who doesn't want to shower with the guys. He doesn't know what it's all about. See, that's the problem with America is the dummy. That's part of the dummy of America is that being a Joc is more important than having the any a brain. I agree. I agree. I agree. Here's another tip. And it takes no talent and no intellect to go out there and do that step and fetch it routine. And I'm going to tell you, and I know I know this for a fact that most people who are listening to me right now and all weeks since I've been talking agree with me, but they don't have the balls to say it. It's it's part of it. I think you're right. I think we're missing if black people aren't embarrassed by the behavior of those black athletes, then there's something wrong with them. I agree with you. His no example, University of Michigan. If you look at the basketball team with that five with the long shorts, they basically ran that asylum back coach, Bill Fisher pretty much didn't know what was going on. He's trying to be 200 years old. Who Fisher? Yeah. He took over for the other guy who got fired and went there. What's going on? I don't know who follows the University of Michigan basketball. Anyway, it's a good one. It's one of the old guy. The one that looked like he was in a coma on the sideline. It looked like John Wooden plus 100 years. Yeah. He's gone. Two things that really are going to be as far as the celebration. One is when now the big thing in the NFL, in fact, is you slow down at the 15-year-old line and you walk into the end zone. If that isn't a show up, if that isn't the most ridiculous thing to do when they're doing that. Yeah, but let me ask you something. Do white guys do that? On a whole, no. No. I agree today. Do not do that. Why is it acceptable for black athletes to be doing all these? And D on Sanders to be doing his GIVEAZ crap? And of course, when the kids see that, they're trying to emulate that behavior like it's acceptable. And white guys, for some reason, don't do that. Even the guy there today brought up Mark Gaston. Mark Gaston, he was an asshole and he was a jump up and done stuff. But he wasn't doing the kind of stuff we're talking about. Right. No. He was just an idiot jumping up and he was head and going, no. He was just a random guy. Right. I guess because the announcers, I think, or afraid to be label racist and afraid to say that it's ridiculous behavior. On a whole, most of them, I can't go a work for it. Since it's exciting and they should be playing for a thought. He's such a shale. He kisses everybody's ass, whether it's you a van or the dolphins. He wouldn't have the ball's to give his real opinion. I guarantee he doesn't really believe that. Not a chance in a billion. Well, it's an incredible hand. If they did that in baseball, it did do it in baseball. Bobby Barnes showed up. Bob Gibson, like he does by walking up the ball. He's head and you're baseball. Big baseball fan. He's head will be handed to him in the next act. No question about him. I'm right. Absolutely correct sir. Have a great weekend. OK. Open line in two of them in date, 7519463. Hey, stop. It just calm down, Hank. You'll be alright. So anyway, the hockey season. It looks like it's definitely off. It's the sixth of January. They're having their holding their final meet the board of governors tomorrow morning. And it's a sad sad sad, you know. But you know, something will survive without it. Even though I'm pissed off. I'm pissed off. Like Bradcock, I'm real pissed off. But I'll survive without it. And it'll kind of like if this is what it took with baseball and hockey to bring reality back and puts sports and perspective in salaries back and perspective and stop all of this bull crap or at least slow away down. Well, maybe it was worth it. But in meantime, of course, the baseball owners are saying, Well, we're getting ready. We're, we're trying out our first amateur hour ball players here. We're getting a, give me a break if they really believe. If they really believe that you folks are stupid enough to pay big bucks to go out there to sit in the, and they just absolutely sweltering heat and humidity in the middle of summertime to watch a bunch of goofball juveniles play in baseball. I'm sorry. That's the Marlins. That's right. 1132 at WIOD. 16 WIOD. They're only good Canadians are still in Montreal. Oh my god, if you play Hank over to get him going to f**k him for a while. Hank is God. I love Hank. I'm having a gay affair with Hank. Hi, I'm fitness guru Susan Powder. It's the time of year everyone tries to get him safe. It's also called influciating. And now with my new video, Copper Robx, you can use those gut-wrenching cups that's me that's to lose your gut. Yeah, but I don't have a cold. No problem here. Oh fine. You see, when you want to cock our robex, you get my exciting new video. Yeah. And a lot of use. Hey, you like, huh? Uh, huh? And three, and four. Wow. Copper Robx is a great way to get your heart pumping and your nose running. I can't breathe. I'm sucking up your water. Oh, okay. And two, and three, and feel on the burn. You have the size right? I'm not in my nostrils. I'm not in my nostrils. I'm coming, Robx. Catch the fever today. Oh, no. I'm not in my nostrils. Fuck it in and hold it. 1134, WOD, fill Henry to the serp stone and of course, fill beyond on the road I assume between five and six won. Where are they going today? Do we have any idea? We don't. Well, let's not get too carried away. And how about that schedule for Monday night? Okay. I know I'm starting a little bit pushing. Now just calm down. Mind your own business. Yeah, but let's go to sunrise. Hello. Hello there. Yes, sir. Good. Good to hear it. Right around, Robx down here. Do you know if they're still on up in Tampa? Yes, they are. They are. They're on a Tampa Orlando and the only place that they would off is Jacksonville and Miami. And Miami. Yep. Okay. And who you should have come in on a, you said, Costa to the players don't play as well for Colombia? I said that there are very strong rumors from people who are in a position to know that the black players that there's a racial rift on a U of M football team. And the rumor has it that black players because what's the other kids? The other quarterback? Yeah, they don't want to play for they don't want Costa to be quarterback in the team. And as a result, that they've been a lot of drop passes and they don't pass block. And they don't like him. Right. Which if that's true, of course, is scandalous. Yeah. And as watching that game, you said that it kind of makes sense, but that's so hard to believe that it would do that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because I sure don't think they want to, you know, lose the game. But on the other hand, maybe they want to get Collins in there in the second half. If Costa got took an up punishment. I mean, he was on his ass every playing team. Yeah. I can't remember one play even on running plays where he wasn't just getting brutalized. Use. Yep. But, um, what can you do? And now, and now I'm beginning to understand why he's got this habit of always opening his mouth after the game and pointing fingers. Right. Because he's the guy gets blamed all the time and they're laying down for him. I mean, they're just not, they're not doing a last attack there. Yep. And, uh, don't think they're going to do it. Yeah. Going through football. Good. They're going to win. Going through football. Go ahead. It's super bowl. That'll be ugly, but hey, at least I'll be there, right? That's right. It'll be ugly. We'll just all sleep on that day. Have a great day, pal. Hi. Okay. Don't think super bowl. Here we go. My dolphins, baby. Right. What the, um. You hurt. Gonna move the ball on every month. Well, it happens. Don't stand the chance. We need some help. Gas and all never do a single back dance. We need some help. Gonna shut your down through a big zero. We need some help. Go. You don't think it's gonna help. We need some help. Go. You don't think it's gonna help. We need some help. Go. Go. You don't think it's gonna help. Go. Go. It's 1137 and 1280D. That could be the all-time right there. And I'm sure the coach showed with his great sense of humor. I'm sure he understands it's all just in good clean fun. We have an open line in day. Of course he's not Catholic. Open line in day 7 519 463 751 Wiod. Let's do Hollywood showy. Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood is gone. Like I said, Hollywood's a little late. Yes. That was good. That was excellent sir. Nice. Wait. Okay. And he just stuck the phone up his ass. Good to get rid of those hemorrhodes man. It works like a charm. Open line in Broward now 5249463. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes. Yeah. Hi. How are you? Okay. Why have you got your radio up? Why? Yes. Because now you're going to get all confused and it's going to make everybody very upset and including me. That's true. Yeah. So speak to me and forget about the radio. Okay. What can I do for you? So, um, so I'm doing. Doing great. How are you doing? Oh, sorry. What is the purpose of your call? Did you call to speak to me about something to offer your opinion or your analization of the world affairs? What is it? What do you want? Sorry. Sorry for what? Never mind. What did you want? You called for a reason. Spit it out. Even Dr. Ruth says, When and out spit it out. Come on. You can do it. I want to give you the courage to be a guy called for a reason. Okay. Well, what is it? Well, do you know that lady with her name? Oh, no. Is this a woman? Is this a woman? Yes. It is a woman. And adult woman. Yes. Right. Okay. I just want to make sure because you sound You're getting a little spastic. Susan powder with the right. With the Katie line here cut. Yes. Yes. What about her? What about her? Say it. Just say it. This is a man. She hung up. And on Monday she won't be able to say it anymore because No, King words his passing along over the weekend. Whatever she was going to say about Susan powder, pull a polter, forget it. Well, you talk about said. This is just a phone conversation. What are these people also nervous about? Oh, why would never call him. I'm intimidated. Would stop being such voicies man. God. It's like that woman at the end. Homestead. I thought she was going to have a stroke on the phone. I. Yeah. Yeah. Like what's her name this morning? They called Ruby. Yeah. Yeah. I love Ruby though. She's a nice lady, but just don't call the show. Please. I thought you did the Chris Baker. Call him once he's off the air. Fort Lauderdale. Hello. That was good. It was great. I did everything in my power to try to drag her out and get her because I know she didn't just call the diddle around. She wanted to say something. She just didn't have the balls. You know she picked up the phone. She was a lady with no balls. She held on for 20 minutes. Right. And then she just couldn't spit it out. Who's it, paladin? Boy. What about Susan powder? Stunky bitch. But anyway. The Don She'll a cart is the funniest thing. It is. Don She'll a. Oh. It's the best. And then afterwards when he says, Thanks. I think then I really like it. Yeah. All right. As bad as the. The. The. The. The. The. The. I thought you just said the. The. The. I thought you just said the. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Let's be honest now. I can't quite believe that. For example, New stuff. Your father, My brother, I guess I wish let's go. Pup. Stay here. This din. Your father. Boy. I can't maybe have a pup to get along is not at scale. Have a pp. Because it was just a balloon. There's no f a. The family were connected but we thought it. It's indefensible and inexcusable and unacceptable, especially at a collegiate level. It's not acceptable. These are just a bunch of kids. That's all they have in the business going out there and acting like a bunch of Javas goofballs. That's not what people pay their money to see. And if they do in Miami, then there's something wrong with this town and without university. And I think there is. There's something desperately wrong. It's barely a cut above high school folks. I mean, I watched almost every bowl game. I saw Alabama, Pola game out there. It was an exciting game there. The citrus bowl. So, a barquer through the touchdown pass there at the end. It was a very exciting game that came from behind. I didn't see any of that going on in that game. Any of it. I watched the ducks and Penn State. I didn't see any of that crap going on in that game. There were like 575 million yards off and just by the ducks in that game. There were a very exciting game. Didn't see any of that. You can have excitement. You can have great plays. You don't that that's crap is unacceptable. Well, I think Eric's inside of there. If he's smart, he's going to be gone. He, well, I don't know if he's smarter or not, but if he's got to have a brain, he's out. If he's got to have a small brain stem like Schuola left. He's out. Listen, he could stick around for another 10 years and be one of the best all time. And take a lot of abuse. Yeah, or a lot of abuse. So, we're a guy like paternal. I don't like paternal, but you're a guy like him. And he's been there a million years and he's won a billion games. And they don't give him any crap. I mean, they treat him like the king of the universe up there. Well, he's so in the, he's so in UM to reimburse him for the legal bills for that courtesuit and which was just in the paper today. And you're not, you're not going to sue your university if you're planning on sticking around. Yeah, that's a good point. And anyway, so I guess he got to go on. He's gone. Yeah, and paper today, it says Kiss him goodbye. And he got Edwin Poe last week to write that, you know, he was definitely sticking around for, for one. You know, as well as I do, when somebody says, I'm definitely sticking around. That's like when an owner says, I'm giving you a photo confidence. That means have a nice life. Good bye, start packing. Yeah. And you too. Thanks. See you. Opaline and Broward 5249463524 WIOD. 1144. And you. You'll make a stimoto money. Learn how to deal with life in the 90s with Susan powders newest video start the obscenities. What the f***ing of my hair? Available wherever stupid asks like you by sh*** like this. Okay, I think we answered that, leave these questions. 1147 a WIOD. Let's go to Boka. By the way, the food is here from Rigatoni. So I just thought I would mention that for those of you who like to hear us eat on the year, which we haven't done too much of lately, but yesterday and today two days in a row. But this looks well worth it at half the price at five times the price. And you'll hear pasta and Italian sausage. We got Rigatoni. Forty's Rigatoni. We got a big ZD. Am I right? Am I right? Am I good? I can smell it all the way over here. It's beautiful. I have George Evergett's through Potsking Around. It's going to be great. Rigatoni is by the way, is a 3333 North University rabbi between Sheridan and Sterling Road in Davy slash Hollywood. Ficially Davy, but it's really Hollywood. Okay. I must be a parkier horse. Thank you so much. That's a beautiful thing. Let's go to Boka. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. So good to hear what. I'm down in vacation going back tonight. When I get up in the morning every day and I start talking to my dogs, I sit in myself for it. She was good to hear my voice. Then I know I'm alive. Exactly. Son of Sam was hearing voices like that, wasn't he? Mm-hmm. From the talk. Anyway, I know you're a big fan of the godfather. Um, me? Yes. That's right. Not the dad and she will put the dark gloria. Mm-hmm. Now, are you familiar with another epic gangster movie, Miller's Crossing? Yes. Are you a week? Week. Sorry. Oh, Neil. I say it's an epic. Is that the one where he takes him out into woods in his post to kill him? Yep. Yeah. Exactly. It's all right. I've seen it about two or three times. In other words, if I saw two or three times, it can't be that bad. True. True. Okay. I just want to talk to you. But don't put it in the same league with the godfather. Yeah, well, different. But, uh, but good. All right, Neil. Uh, I don't material. I don't have to bother about it. Have a great day. Yeah. Great weekend. See ya. Thank you so much. Beautiful. All kinds of sausage here. Got a little garlic bread. We got cheese wrapped in a prosciutto. I believe that is. Am I right? Yes. Oh, all kinds of like pepperoni's and salami's. Like maybe general perhaps. Am I right? Or more to Della or whatever it is. It's a beautiful thing. And fresh, uh, I don't want to say buffalo mozzarella would be that be a bad thing to say. Don't say the buffalo park. Here's, uh, a lady in Key West. Hello. Neil, honey. How you doing, sweetie? You guys are coming to town here. What? No star. I owe Danny Moore. I mean, you're working. Yeah, we cut you off. But you have a small loyal following like me. Well, what do you mean we cut you off? We had nothing to do with it. Yeah. We'll keep going back and forth. No, it's not, it's not back and forth at all. I wish to reel it to them. Yeah. Well, then they're killing us. But anyway, but I mean, you guys, you should have a number where we can call you free man. It should be free. What do you mean by that? For Key West? Yeah. You've got a dream and you've got to be kidding me. But I would call you Neil. That's why we don't have it. Ah, that's not very nice. I'm sure to be nice to you. But listen, here's what we're going to do. Let's get to it. Let's stop with all this for a play because I know this is not why you call me. We tell me that you called it. I know you called it out Susan Pound. Yeah. I see. See, we heard man. She was good, won't she? Great. Susan or the caller? The caller. But I can understand you're a little bit like my husband. Because you said you were giving her every opportunity. I want this. I want this. I want this. What is it? Tell me what you want. And she wants it. I mean, you can't let the audience go into a coma while you're trying to get this woman to say something. You know, just say something. That is correct. Like I had bird. I hate the bird cover. She says, just play anything. Play something. That keeps talking. In her case, it was the opposite. Okay. Here's my question. I want you to be telling me the truth. First of all, don't you think that the past two weeks were great. You worked for eight days and no Mondays. Yes. The way of the world. I think so. But right before I went away, holiday. I'm going to give you a little more enthusiasm to cancel than that by the way. Okay. Here it is. Yes. Yeah. This is definitely the way it should be. I love him. I think they should give us a lot of Friday and Mondays off. But the, they would have a hug. I will say one thing about this company and it's about the only good thing I can say for him. Is that when you go, you take your vacations and like I've like a kind of horrid extra days. You'll know that sometimes I'll take off on a Thursday and Friday and then I'll through the next week. And if I had to tacked on a couple of extra days because then when you do that and you have the extra weekend in there, it really makes for a good like about a 10 day vacation. And they never say a people about that. And of course if they did, I could tell more to stick it. There's a golden goose, me, I'll be keeping me believe me. Yeah. But I know it's a reconcered to that last time too. And I hope that a lot of people start doing that. I don't want to be the bearer of bad tidings for management. But the time off is well invested. It's a good investment because then you come back all over your batteries be charged like Sally. Great. So here's my question. Mm-hmm. Before I went away. I listened to your station all day every day. And I think I've, I felt pretty good about myself being glued in with our buddy Phil Hendry. Yeah. The Friday before I went away. The Friday, the work was. As you were. Yeah. Was that business with both camper for real? No. He, Phil told about that. I was away. That was the only thing that Phil has ever done that really I didn't like. It wasn't that he, I didn't like what he did. Both camper the night before, which obviously you know, was in the sports talk and why should you be the one. I heard about two minutes of him pissing because he wasn't at the party. That's all I heard because I don't get the grocery store. He, I didn't hear it either, but haven't had any. He went through a contrived deal about the Phil and this and that and Phil is hurting his, his livelihood and yadi yadi yadi yadi yadi yadi yadi and all the other crap. Oh, that's beautiful. And, and, and I was all contrived and evidently, a little Andy got his nose in the middle of it and they set this thing up for the next day and it was all contrived and Phil finally came on here and Fest up about it later when the show. But if you only heard the first part of the show, a lot of people thought it was for real and then they were really having a big few days. And so, he told him how to talk about that and he was very polite and said like the campers of Cray Badery, good for itself. He got me, man. See I this is one thing that they're doing here which I am just vehemely. I mean, absolutely. A hundred emb... I mean, with managed, man, this is a character. He doesn't have to put on any phony. He's just a nutcase and everybody loves it or at least most people love it. But when he's other guys want to start trying to be comedian and they want to start trying to do our stick. And then this many at program director wants depotists, They're playing comedy stuff. stuff that we played during our shows. I mean, you know, we got enough people ripping off our stuff already. We don't need the sports guys try to be amateur neorodges and reconcers and filenries. I don't want to make you mad. But I know that you say like you don't get it. Why do people want to look at me through their binoculars and they expect me to put on a side show when they come meet me somewhere. When I say I don't get it, I don't get enough, but that's another storm. Okay, but here's my question. I'm not trying to be Joe Poppsi College just but yeah, you're I've been dying to you. Why don't you admit it, but you are. I hear you talk about mommy. I've heard a former chiropractor brother mentioned once. How come you never mentioned your father? How come I don't mention him? Yeah, like you never said. Nothing to do with him. Is he living? Yes. And you haven't had anything to do with him before. Or I would say 20 some years. See, this, I had to break the news to you. This show is a radio show. And even though there are things in my life that I discuss here because it's part of me and my personality and my existence, this is not like a biography. I know and that's what I mean. It's just that we are so interested in what? Interested in everything about what? What you wouldn't be interested in him at all, believe me. He's one of the least interesting people I can imagine. Well, he missed out because you are very interesting and I do listen every day. Well, thanks for sucking around. Enjoy your lunch. Have a great weekend. Bye. Bye. Bye. Come on, Mary, dig in there. It's the prices right. My God, you think there's enough food here? Jesus, Joseph and Esther. Thank you very much. I appreciate it's fantastic. It's not good. It's spectacular. Sensational. But you didn't give me my knife back and I'll never forgive you for that. Because I don't have any. That's not a one-to-one-making feel bad. But if I can't cut my sausage, if you can't cut your meat, whatever they say they're in England. Oh, then I just dropped it on damn floor. Thanks a lot. Okay, this is beautiful. What a spread, huh? Even Aaron Summers never saw us spread like this. What do you mean by that? We used to do this all the time until you came to work here. And then we stopped because we figured that people are worked at INZ. Don't deserve to eat for free. What do you mean by that? You didn't work at INZ? You were at INZ more than a short while sweetheart. Don't tell me you were when I left you left. Yeah. That's what that's what Ron and Ron said to when Neil F. Zayda we did too. That's what they said. It's an inside radio today. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. First time callers. All right. Home is Rochester New York. I've done in Florida for about three years now. Yeah. One back to Rochester. One last time he went to Nick Kahos. I've never been to Nick Kahos. Havens. For a garbage plate. No? Yes, I have. Yeah. I'll go pick an earth. Yeah. And then it says it's been. I've done in the box. I've seen this is the problem with Rochester is that those of us who are from there, even though it's in a relatively nice city when a la lax route in the sun is shining two weeks out of the year. But we try to make something out of nothing. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm right. Because it's a horror, the weather is horrendous. It's a very pleasant city if it had nice weather, but it doesn't. And other than some very, very good restaurants, which is all I ever talk about his Don and Bob's and C. Breeze. And that's it. Rochester is basically nothingness. Yeah. And most of the people who live there, you know, even though they're very nice, you know, there's some Italians, there's some Jews, there's some black people, but generally they're farmers. It's pretty say when you're right. Absolutely. There's a bunch of farmers. Pretty say when you got to talk about a garbage plate is. Right. That's the highlight. Yeah, when you say, hey, you ever have the garbage plate and you say, that's the highlight of Rochester. Then I'm almost basically feel like you're talking about Buffalo. I'm sure the rest of your listeners are fascinating. But just keep in mind that Rochester is like Manhattan, compared to Buffalo. So that makes us feel a lot better. Listen, I got one question. And I live in Orlando, so I can't pick you up very often just when I get down this way. Yeah. What you'll be able to hear air and summer is all that you can hear already. I'm sorry. She's wonderful. What went on a couple of years ago with you and we? What went on? Yeah. Was there like, oh, he was doing that every year, where we're time they would come down here. He tried to do this contrived thing. Any with it would raise money to buy a billboard. See, we raise money on this station to try to help charity. You know, raise money to put up stupid billboards to waste money to try to piss somebody off in Buffalo, a bunch of nose pickers. Did he do it? They're sure or no? I don't even remember. We just don't. He'd yeah, the answer is yes. But we don't pay any attention to the billboard or to him. In fact, we did do some nice things on the billboard to the face and not we, but I mean, some of the listeners were very, I rate. And he's he's just a bandwagon jumper. He's not even from Buffalo. He's on here in Rochester. Yeah. Even if people there would call up, we'd get calls from people in Rochester saying, don't believe anybody's a phone. He's just trying to exploit the situation. The first year he came down here, he never even had the balls because we exposed him on here for being the phone he that he is. And a lot of people start getting very eye-rating, making idle and not so veiled threat to him. He didn't have the balls to leave the hotel room. He watched the game in his hotel. I'm television. He never got on your show and you never had a, you know, we had him on a year a couple of times. Yeah. Oh, listen, that's the reason the perfect market for him. Have a great day, pal. See, an open line in, uh, Broward, 524 and a green line, 80944. The only problem I got here. Let's see. I do. I got to spoon. I got too much. We got to get the news on for about 25 minutes. Okay. So I can finish eating all of this. Come on. Adam, dig in, man.