Prices, versus Docs. Fight tight, Princess Diana. 50 rounds did decide who will wear the crown. The match is out. No more, you're hanging in ice. You're my type. Fight tight, and wanted a fight that would bring him the box. Get right. Princess Diana just wanted to beat up a man. Any man. I should punch you so hard. You're never shall never be. You can get hit. John King and the Queen. Free set. Ticin versus Diana. Rodney's just a mama. You sure put around the box and it's just a... I don't need the crown. You guys will take your family, you. I ain't no fair touch in Mr. Marvel. Yes, Malice in the palace. Tyson and Docs are put around her key in fucking days. Right in I don't aim for you. Okay, Toto, six to WIOD. Happy holidays to you. Happy Wednesday. Happy whatever the hell you got on. Happy Quanza. What is that? Quanza stuff, huh? That's like the 26th. No, I don't mean like when. I mean like what is it? See, I'm trying to say anything that would like evade the obvious at this point. And thank God, Jeff rumors here. When I held it, I would say that. Thank God, Jeff rumors here on this particular day. Money, stun, halala, haze. Why is this day any different from any other day? That's because Jeff rumors here to save the day. He might have been okay here this morning. But that's another story which we'll talk about later. I'm sure we will. I might just have one or two comments to make. But you know, not now. That's not spoiler good time. So anyway, Don, Cherry's going to be with us on the phone in about 20 minutes. Don't sit back and it's sheer like sit up there by that thing. Some microphone. I don't want you to use to see. I don't want to interrupt anything. Yeah. After all, it's been stimulating radio for the last four hours. Oh, so you're going to start. You're going to start. Hey, what time is your show on? I don't have one. Yeah, exactly. That's my point. Well, I know. Okay. They're best I don't see it. Let's all just do like Phil Henry. No comment. No matter what it is, no comment. Okay. No comment. Let's see if we got anybody listening this morning. How many tickets did you bring by the way? No, hang out a second here. Now you're assuming something. Assuming what? Then I'm going to give tickets away to that. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I never said I was going to go. I just want to go. Come on. You won't be able to go. See, this isn't QAM. We don't sit here and play these like QC little games. You know, everything is like 20. You've got 25 arguments between ass and it was there in the little dog or whatever the guys them. We don't do that. No, we also don't break people on here to stick their head up. Wayne's ass. If we want somebody to kiss ass, we got depot. We don't have that view kiss and ass. Well, listen, I was listening down on my way in here. Up the dial. Yeah. They're defending Brian Cox. You can say. Oh, they're defending Brian Cox. They're defending Brian Cox. They're defending Brian Cox. They don't believe it. They saw the fact one thing. He's on that radio station on Thursday night. Well, left on sound like a conflict interest to me. Give me your parade. Yeah. Anyway, it's incredible. Where did you tell me they said, Jo, no one died went to Pittsburgh. Yeah. First of all, who would believe that? Didn't the penguins just unload robed tie and all in both Samuel Sons, because they couldn't afford to payroll and they're still in financial problems? The penguins need more scoring power. Well, Jo, no one died. Did you get traded? You get traded late last night after the deadline. I might add. Yeah. The trade wasn't made by midnight. I just looked at the late edition of the USA today, which doesn't go to bed until 2 a.m. And there's no deal in the newspaper. But for all the hockey fans tuning in this morning, doing night went and it's just a bogus trade. He went to Dallas for Dallas. Number one pick. First name Jerome, second name Alfred Bett. And Corey Millen, who was in the international league for most of last year. Now, I know for a fact, was it that he was when you couldn't pronounce the names on a P.A. that one gave me the same thing again. We can't pronounce his last name. So it's alphabet soup. He's the number one pick. I'd a Camluch British Columbia. Oh, I like that. That's my favorite place Camluch. Yeah, Camluch. Nice to meet you with fruit loops. But anyway, don't start on Denise already. I'm not starting on Denise. Give me a break. Back in the matter is, New and Dike is traded to the Dallas stars. Science of five minutes. What I'm wearing tonight is, oh my God. You talk about a team that they got a talent. They can't score. That team is so god damn boring. So maybe there's some justice there. Because they need to battle. Daniel and New and New and New. It would have been nice if the least would have got him. But I mean, do real nice if the Panthers got him. But the Panthers are doing great. And the big article today is how they're doing great with the low payroll. So they're not looking like a paid anybody gigantic money with all these softstores. We're here now from Wayne. I guess I'm very very tried to get to do a Dike. In fact, I know that we couldn't afford a Panthers. No, it's the head of nothing. You do it what was it for them. The Panthers offer the better package of players than Dallas than what Dallas and why did we get a range of Oxford better players. Why did we get them? Because the guy that's now running the show, Doug Ricebrug at fire. Al coach was afraid to pull the trigger. He was talking last night to a hockey guy who told me that the general has a trigger because there are a lot of us around here today. Who are right on the impact. I walked into building this morning. I have never seen it. There were like 50 people. All of people associated with the AM in this building. We're sitting around getting preparing to play Russian who led. The only problem is the guns were all fully loaded. So that's your pain to verbal picture for you. How things are around here. But anyway, you were selling Al coach was reluctant to make a trade. And certainly obviously he trades him to Dallas when really there's no question that in these Drink conference alone with the Rangers and the Fires and the Panthers and the Devils. He could have made a much better deal. Why would he want to trade him to somebody in his own conference anyway? Because that's what they did. They traded in Calgary and the Dallas stars were in the same conference. They played a nice game last night against the Penguins Calgary. 7 to 1. They got blown out. Anyway, you were asking me about tickets. And why would you assume that I'm bringing tickets? I already told you that because Jeff Moss said, you tell me what they rumors coming on. And we're having a contest to see who's going to bring you the most tickets. Which to me indicates probably like two or three pair of piece. Well, the reason I came is I want to see what I could move chop of you. I mean, where's my gift for coming? Yeah, we got to get for it. We got you gift right over here, Rimmer. You're giving to be done cherry on the phone at about 10.50 minutes. The best, the best, don cherry. And what is that? God awful show. I was watching on KBL on Sunday night. It's an old show. What were he sitting in the bar and he had, he was interviewing. Oh, don cherry is great fun. Yeah, what is that? There was two years old. Well, they're rerunning the best of don cherry. We don't want to go. But like the best of this morning. WDC, there he goes again. More shots. See, if you want to suck your way back into this place, which I know you're desperate to do. This ain't the way to do it, Rimmer. I'll tell you that right now. You're not going to be on. I can re-evaluate it. Yeah. I didn't see one at just for one time. You say on the air, which you tell me off the air. That would be a first. There's a first for everything like that pot fan guy. But we'll get into that in a minute. 12 minutes after your mic saw. 12 after 10 at WDC, Jephrer, the voice of the Florida Panthers. And by the way, I should mention the first place in a conference in the league Panthers. Still because, thank you New Jersey. They finally scored more than two goals last night. Every 10 is greater than two goals. They win a game over time. They beat the flyers. All right. How you like that. So thank you so much. We're still in first place in the elite. 12 after 10 at WDC, I deal out of a lot of entruck accessories. The biggest inventory of bedliners for your truck. If you're pack it up, they're going to get out of town. Here's the way to do it. I deal with price and selection on bedliners. The best in South Florida. In fact, they'll beat anybody's price on bedliners. Always over 2,000 in stock, including new bodyguard cargo grip surface bedliner. It's gripping. This bedliner is up to four times less likely to let cargo slip than your regular smooth surface bedliner. It increases the resale value of your truck and its resistant. The products like gasoline, chemicals and acid. And you'll find that ideal automotive and truck accessories. Ideals got that big one, baby. A 30,000 square foot shortlet is jam packed with everything you need at wholesale prices, Bug shields for cars and trucks. Toolbox and accessories for your truck like running for its vices like covers. They've got it all. It's 7.01 Northwest 57 place in Fort Lauderdale. So zip on over there or call them toll free. 1-800-6-1-6-1-6-4-6-4. Nobody beats their prices. Nobody beats their prices. Nobody beats their selection. Ideal automotive and truck accessories. They be the best. So tell me what's your secret this evening, my dear. Is that where I got one for you? I'm going to sound the fire. It's the fire man out of this. That's in terms of the end of midnight. On news, talking entertainment radio. 610 W-I-O-D. Oh, Neil. My queen. Go. The damn fact that I can't stand it. 1016 W-I-D. See what we just said about the news. We got a real epidemic. I want to talk to Cheeria about this. We have a real epidemic in hockey. And I'm one of those people who's a real nut about listening and watching the hockey games. And have a great respect for great broadcasters. I don't want to get into a big thing about that. But whether you're good, batter, and different. The jockocracy that Howard Kossel talked about. We got these ex-jocks who think that their God's answer to whatever the question is. No matter what it is. And everybody wants to hear them. We don't want to hear them. And I know it being the name dropper that you are. You're always love talking about John Davidson, JD. I want to salute red fissure that old fart up in Montreal. Ripped to the ass and hockey night and candid over the weekend. I'm so excitedly. So John Davidson is a big, he's a big pile of turd. Okay. And I'm going to tell you the same thing. I said, see, when I come on here, I tell the same thing that I tell you on the phone. I don't waffle. I don't cover my bets. Okay. I don't like a whip out in kiss ass. John Davidson never shuts up. That's your same rosin' auto suem for like, he should. He ought to suem his kill in this man. JD is known around the National Hockey League as a premier analyst in the game. He couldn't look here in heels ass. Well, hey, that's your interpretation. It's also subjective. It's also subjective. I think John Davidson from an information point of view is for an analytical point of view. Absolutely terrific. I think he's terrific. I think he's great. Yeah, you're of course you do because he's a personal friend of yours. He's a personal friend of mine. Yeah. He's so he's a way to brawl. He is very strong. So I'm sure that's what you're saying. So in other words, you like as a play by play broadcast through yourself. I'm always whining to be on a phone. I'm not people talking over you. You like having the color guy, the ex-joc. Talk and why you're trying to describe the game. Is that what you're just saying to me? I think there's a time and a place for it. Yeah. I think there's a time when there's a lot of neutral zone play. Right. There's nothing wrong with coming in with a content. And that's the key. But when you're incessantly talking and get involved in the conversation that has nothing to do with the play, there's a popter stand a fairy told me the last week you got all over me, which fairy was that. I don't know. But you know a lot of them. That's what I hear. The tooth fairy. Yeah. How's that? Told me you got all over me because we were discussing what was going on on the other side of the race. That's in the Boston Bruins game. Got a two on one break. We got a great chance to put the game away. There wasn't a two on one break when we started discussing it. But normally you were going to get nine times out of ten you're going to be able to complete you're going to be able to complete what you want to get in. But there is. There's a lot of play by play guys. You don't like any any analytical commentary at all during the play by play. When the whistle stops fine, I don't mind it. I don't mind it at all. And John Davidson and Sam Rosen, I think, are a terrific team. I kind of like it. If you like hearing guys have a conversation that has nothing to do with watching a game. If you enjoy somebody making the game exciting, you also understand it's a television school. Yeah, it's not radio. Now radio is not played. You don't have to do as much verbal. I grant you even see things. You can do a little more diversion. But nevertheless, there are people watching. There are people who are veteran fans who understand everything that's going on. There are people tuning in for the first time. Every day you're trying to make the sport exciting. You don't make it exciting when you're talking about Kaka. So you're saying there's an epidemic going around the National Hot Chili right now. There is a major epidemic. I told you about Saturday night. I'm watching the Hot Knighton Canada there. The Leafs are potting the Kings by the way. The Leafs are winning every day. I should mention it. And here we kneel who usually and I just told that he's the best on color. He's talking over Chris Cuffford. Now, listen, Chris Cuffford is he could have been doing that morning. Show here this morning. He wouldn't own the difference. Chris Cuffford is weak. Okay. So it's bad enough that we get Bob Cole doing a Montreal game. And we got to put up with Chris Cuffford doing a lease. That's bad enough. Here we kneel is talking while Leafs score a goal. The man doesn't even get a chance to score the goal. Later on in the game in the third period at this point. It's 4-3 Toronto. It's told me her and he always the best. And now you're saying he's talking while there was a goal. Because he's catching the epidemic. It's like it, you know, no matter how good you, it's like Ebola no matter what a good person you are. It's in the area catching it. And then later on in the third period, it's only 4-3 Toronto. It's a tense game. It's a tight game. I like making a big comeback. And here is Ron McClain. Another great guy. But he's the studio guy. And the game is going on. He's interviewing Rob Blake of the King. Who's injured and not playing. And they're talking while the game is going on. Here's Paul D. Pietro scores the fifth, which turned out to be the decisive goal in the game. There's no call. There is no call. There's no anything. And Ron McClain says, Here I am talking again when Chris you should be talking. And he still doesn't stop. He still goes on and finishes the interview. How can you be interviewing your guy while the game is going on? I guess the epidemic has continued right through not only hockey, but now the NFL, they had the play by play, an ultra-less game where they had Bradshaw. But this shows me that the peat, the powers that the don't think. They don't understand the importance of the great play by play broadcasters. Who can paint the picture either on radio or television. They don't appreciate it. They think that everybody wants to hear what the jox at the sick. They're talking about why. Who's nothing but a big pile of crap, a big buffoon, who laughs at his own material, or Chris Collins worth with that gravity voice. That's what things that, you know, maybe he's auditioning to be doing that night time sports show. They got on there a cue. But that guy with a gravity voice. I don't get it. I don't understand it. I think there's got to be happy medium. I understand what you're saying. And there are a lot of hockey fans that I've talked to that agree with you. But when there is neutral zone play and there doesn't seem to be a great flurry going on, I see nothing wrong. He needs a haircut by the way. They hit him on last night in the Pittsburgh, Calgary. He's on the cover. I don't need his. He needs a haircut. Now there's a great little player that somebody should get. Calgary will never let him go. But there's a great little player. They can't. And they wouldn't let Nune and I go if you would have agreed to go back. But they bear. I understand he enjoyed hanging out with the guys at Cornell as the rumor that I get. Well, he did enjoy hanging out with the guys. Yeah, a little bit too much from what I understand. No, that's not true. How do you know that? It's just a joke. But right away, your defensive see you start and you're starting to come. All those pressures, all those stories again. So anyway, we'll talk about Chris Morpher moment when we come back. That's what you did. That's what you did. It's a joke. What is it? I'm trying to loosen you up a little bit because you like such a loose and me up. You're the guy that's all fired up today. Not me. I'm fine. I was looking forward to coming in. I'm going to try to divert my mental process from the internal things that are happening here. Don't you look whiter's a ghost again. To go see, we're not untelting. I can't tell you the tale is a member. Alice, you're in the blue shirt and you're white in your manner. The movie of Christmas Carol with Alistair Sim. I'm ready to put on that silly hat and the gown and start dancing around. Just to try to avoid the reality here, which is a pretty ugly thing. Okay, you got, well get Sherry on the phone. And I'm going to give him really holy hell. I'm not giving him holy hell, but he's got no power anymore. He just talks to the game. He doesn't get anything done. I've got to ask him about his tie rate against the Canadians and the fans in the McRoyal. Don't worry about that, about the frogs. About my keen. They get rid of my keen. The X-Captain captains are flying out there. If you don't speak French up there, if there's anybody down here that thinks by a lingualism works, just look at that election they had up there. Just look at the whole Montreal-Coinette Canadian organization. They had to bring in Pierre Touzron and all those frogs to satisfy them. And anybody who dared to make a comment about it like my keen was the last captain. You're out. Okay. Kirk Muller is out. My keen is out. You got to have a flat forecopter. Captain's including a decarbonal. It's a Frenchman that got traded. Any odd cap. It's a frog fest. What it is. Anyway, 1023, W-I-O-D. And so, what's the story on the tickets? Because these people hang up. They think you got free tickets for tomorrow night's getting off. I guess I got to make your show. So I brought 10 pairs. Oh, 10 pair. Okay. You can be sure that goofball never match that. No chance. 10-20's. 10 pairs for tomorrow night. I also want to mention. If you like Jeff Moss, you'd be lucky to have one pair. But that's another story. This is a feather in your cap. Do you realize, remember when we watched them were out, we gave away the housebreaker? Yeah. Which was a six ticket voucher, too. And you didn't even understand that. And the John Dan did. It would be a work. Yeah. I think it's a six ticket voucher. Well, John's not very happy with you right now. Because he's had to sign quite a few bucks. Yeah. They had a sold. They had to sold a ton. Great. Of the icebreakers. By the way, they will stop selling them as of Christmas. So still time. Yeah, you still got like five days. That's a great holiday gift. One hundred hundred gold fans. Like, call up one, 800 gold pants. And by that icebreaker package. Which we'll tell you more. But that's like for six games. And it's with the pocket only other six tickets. It's not six games. Are you going to start again admitting that you don't understand what it's for? It's not for six games. It's six tickets for one game or you can use. Well, unless you're going by yourself, you can use it for six games. Or three games. Or three games. But those tickets. Six tickets. A few said six games. It can be. We have a lot of people in this audience. It's a quote by themselves. Okay. Got the crap. Okay. 1024. The, we still, is this station still on the air? Or not. George says we're not on the air. So don't take it to serious. If you're short on holiday cash, need to buy Christmas presents. Where are you going to get the money? Right? Here's the answer for you. I'm glad you asked. Fast out of loans. There you're one solution whenever you need cash. Fast. If you got three in clear title of your car. Fast out of loans could put twenty five hundred bucks in your pocket today. Don't be fooled by the imitators. Why do I pay in way too much interest? Fast out of loans isn't a pawn shop. You don't pay him some gigantic balloon payment. You sure as hell don't sign over the title to your car. Fast out of loans just has a lean on your title. You drive the car. You get the cash. That's the way it works. No embarrassing credit checks. No longer approval process to sit around waiting on. So call now for instant approval and the cash will be in your hands within 24 hours. With special holiday rates where they need the money for a month or a year for a lifetime. Fast out of loans is fully licensed by the floating apartment of finance. And they participate in B. B. B. Care that's a program administered by the better business bureau of South Florida. Three convenient locations soon to be for their in-brower. They're in aid. They're in Palm Beach. Call them today. Get some money in your hand. 1-800-910-FAST. 1-800-910 FAS-T. This is Rick Riley. I'm going skiing in Steamboats Springs, Colorado February 17th for the 24th. I'd love to have you come with me. So let's go pick up the phone. Make the call the Peter Glenn Travel and come on out to Steamboat with us. Check this out. You're going to be getting round trip air to Denver. Plus, transfer to Steamboat accommodations at the ranch. It's an absolutely gorgeous place with an outdoor heated hot tub, pool, sauna. Plus a five-day lift to get to ski steamboats champagne powder. And an on-mountain barbecue and an assedar race with trophies and awards. All of this starting at just $999. But hurry up, seats are going fast. Time is running out. Call Peter Glenn Travel today at 1-800-FAST-T. That's 1-800-FAST-T. And make sure you don't get left behind. Get your reservations now. Call 1-800-FAST-T. That's 1-800-FAST-T. The number two, SKI. Peter Glenn, come on out. The sixth hand, WIOD, set your pager to five-brave. This is your ball on the brace of the Toronto Maple Leaf. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Most in Hot Me Night in Canada on CDC. Rought to you by most in exports. Ex-Sesarol. Five-four to Canada. Where quality is job one? It's working by Imperial Oil and Desso Associates. Proud to be one of the leading sponsors of Youth Cunkey in Canada. And by Etsy, got a habit. Okay, we like to balance things out a little bit. We got one guy here that's a buck issue and don't tell it like it is. We got another guy. We figured we'd better balance it out and get grapes on a year. Don't share his year who doesn't kiss but and does tell it like it is. Most of the time. I knew he, that team, all the Canadians down there, got killed right now. I told you, that's one of the greatest teams of all five. It really is and I can remember Bill Hewitt. I want to put that bug in you again. I remember him coming out of the year. Yeah, sure do but of course you don't have him in a Hall of Fame yet. You know I give you an easy assignment. I'm gonna remember it. Yeah. You're not? Oh. Well that's because you made too many enemies. That's your problem. Hey, great. Get this guy off my back. Yeah. Get this guy off my back. Okay, now listen. I know good luck. It is great deal. That's right. Great scenario. The only two in America in North America that tell it like it is now. Just now you'd be a nice two. We just got another one. I'm not a good guy. You're being nice to him and suckin' up to him. You're ready to carve him on you. Wait till I get cherry on here. I'm gonna straighten him up. Then do the car. Now your saying is you only got it. Tells it like it is. I'm sure this is my coffee. Good. So anyway, it was just Tom about his good friend. J.D. John Davis and he loved dropping names. Remino is good buddy. J.D. I know that J.D. you think every now and then is full of crap. And of course he keeps talking through the game and poor Sam Rosen got to put up with that stuff. stuff and now I told Remer it's catching because Saturday that I'm watching the least game and you guys throughout their Los Angeles. Harry is talking over poor Chris Cuffer. You know it's bad enough we got to put up with Chris Cuffer. We want Bob Cole doing the least. We don't want him doing no frog games. We want him on the least. So we got to put up with Chris Cuffer. Harry's talking over while the least score the first two goals. Then Ron McClain is talking to Bob. Rob Crab Blake there when D.P. I first scored the goal and I what they're going on here. Get these old jocks off the air already. That's a better deal. Doesn't matter. Don't long ago coach his quarter three. Well we figured we talked about the frogs today. That's one of the things. Coach's corner a week could not this pass Saturday. I was telling Don this the other day when I called him to invite him on your show and deal. The show before this last Saturdays was one of the best. One of the all time classics. And I got you back on to that one. I'm going to hang onto your seat tight grapes. The suction start now. You're going to throw a good. They're just up better. Okay. Well that one was better. That one was a lot better. And I'll tell you what you went after the fans and months were all. You went after Ray John who and you went after Mario Tromble. But I was a little disappointed. You still haven't used the word frog yet. You're coming close with that frog. Sawed the frog but you still aren't using the frog yet. Well when I was the guy to start a Pat Roy I don't understand the better. Heard a raw rod. You thought they were. Yeah. There go for it. I mean this is one of the greatest stories in the last 10 years. It doesn't believe it. And when you guys are going to get out of already when you've been alerted we got the best coach going. He's going to be on the off-star team as you can believe that. I was there in the league seven years ever made it want. Because if they end up first place the conference you can be in the off-star. That's right. I want to come up with his own video now. Challenge you. God never know. You can get nobody cut you bow and we're going over 200,000 this year. Unbelievable. Rockham Sockham 7. You haven't sent Neil and I are copies yet. Hey. You haven't sent Neil and I are. You can do Neil I'll get you one. It's just a 20 up here that you know all that is that Scott Melby 36. You guys though that Cody Hall, what's 17 leads to league in the shooting for 30? There you go. Cody Hall has got. I've been saying that all along. These guys don't know what they know what to solve about. You can tell you they've got character grade through the land. Yeah. You guys ought to get a little bit more on us Panthers on it. Hockey night in Canada. Teach some of those guys up there a little bit. What about a great hockey team's all about. In the fact that you don't have to pay guys millions of dollars to play well either. Great. Great. You know this guy's being so nice to you today. Now one thing you know about me when I tell you something on or off the air it's going to be the same. Oh my god. Oh my god. Hang on. Hang on. Last week you say to me. Remember. He's got to me. I'm going to let me finish here. Every time he finishes his fraud. He's gone. He's gone. Hang on. Is that good here? Hang on. Yeah. Let me just. I'm going to dig a hole. We'll get out of here. We'll listen to this one here. He says, wait till we get grapes on. Because now I think cliff lectures listening too much to grapes. We've got a bargaretner. So many times. And don't be an all these other guys. That's before my message scored the two goals in that one game. The lovely guy like the best boy and how about Paul D. Pietro? That's a great story. That's a great story. D. Pietro comes back from like a blivit and scores right off the bat and the kids do a good. But anyhow, let's get back to you guys. Let's talk about the least for just a second. You know, you don't look back to them. We'll get back to them in a minute. How about given our least a little bit of credit. There's seven games over 500. They don't have that great of a personnel. But pants got him playing pretty good. Well, they're tough. And the pot that log is pot that they've been rolled up. I don't understand like somebody does block the guy. He's better than he's damn good. He's damn good. I got gold tender and he gets it every third game. I don't understand like somebody does make a big difference. Your bro's good use of. Yeah, the bro ones could use him. That's for more. They might as well just have an empty net. The bro ones they got no gold tender. I felt sorry for playing lock for the other. Yeah. They exploded after the game. That didn't speak quite well. Almost lost the game. You know, you're second year in the league. You don't start giving a pocket for a quarter. That can still remember and they'll get a bit. That was after the Florida game. Yeah. And he said we came back and almost got even in a game. He's also the same goalie that told Don or Jerry Cheeber's last year. Grates after he was struggling for a while. Cheeber's the Hall of Famer. Your former goalie. Cheeber's went to help the kid out and said, hey, listen, the game's changed. Thanks. I know your Hall of Famer. But no thanks. That's exactly what he told them. That's what he told them last year. He said, you don't have to help me. I know how long you to play for you. I can't imagine that you would feel that. He was pretty pissed off. Well, I would imagine. I never heard that before. Hey, get here a lot of things. So let's get back to this progress that they're Montreal. You know, we all watched with just amazed and shot that election up there and Quebec that crapped it went on there. And now you see the same thing. A microcosm of it on a Canadians where unless you, you know, my keen comes out to capture the team and it made one little comment about, you know, people that speak French and about if you don't do this and all of a sudden, his ass is gone and it's true. They've got to have Toujou on all those frogs up there. And it's a sad thing that they got to build a hockey franchise, they thought based on something ethnic instead of talent. Well, it's absolutely right. And what about the guy in Deborah? He said that he actually said this is the hockey dude. That if he has choice between an English guy and a French guy, he's cute the French guy, but he's a one-bed. They've got a PR guy out here that's French, but he can't speak English. Figure that out with him. What are they doing around? They think they're still in Quebec, is that it? That's it. You know, it's oldly, you know, while oldly was the odd colloquial guy where he's, he's the guy that stood up in the drug room and said, look, okay, that's great there, but it's pertinent and let's start playing hockey. And he's the leader of this club, but unfortunately, the first day of the year, he was caught the captain. Here, absolutely right. Nobody says that up here, and he's absolutely great. We got, believe it or not, we've got three French guys in Mr. Saga. We've got French guys all over the place. Party, Norty, we've got one. I want them to talk to the three French guys in Mr. Saga. It's unbelievable. First of all, the two parties that we got run it up here, both of us, both their names, they're all configured out. And by the way, speaking of Pat Royce since the avalanche got him, which I predicted is because I think he's washed up. They're not winning any games anymore. Well through the mouth a little, I saw you need. You got it rolling a lot. You could do the same thing afforded. So, like, something that's great, food on your cup, like, that's just throw that little Kevin's out. They're not going to trade for them. Oh, I know, they're not. You said that, like, a character guy. And if they get something like that, throw the chemistry off and you're gone. Speaking of trades, how about this new and dark deal? Tell me sitting here that there are a number of teams, including the leaves, the real Rogers Maple Leafs, and the Florida Panthers, and the Devils, we don't know. And the Rangers that couldn't have come up with a better deal than what Dallas has done in getting Joe New and D. Well, I'd say a new deck is one of those guys that better he could turn the real franchise around. But what happens in the Calgary that they're fitting there? They got to make the playoffs, the pros that they're, nobody's coming up with a better deal. And when you've got to come to your head like that, the same thing is no very in the, in the, do we, your Kyle and yours, he's got to come to his head. And they're like, he just sits in the way till your week of home and so I guess he figured they better get stuck before him before the deadline. Well, they made the trade last night. I don't know if you heard it. But they picked up a kid from Camloups who was a number one pick up a Dallas last year. Obviously a future. He's not going to help them make the playoffs. And Corey Millen, who Dallas did even bring up from the minors until the last week or two. I mean, that trade. It's a good deal. It's a good deal. It's a big deal. You know, that's the, and you got to be tough to the, the old deal that they better to have somebody there, then nobody there and if they don't get going to, they won't make the playoffs and you know, and hockey, if you don't make the playoffs, you're a deep, deep, deep, deep, trouble fight-exotic. While Alcoats, I think, seal the zone fate as the future general manager in Calgary without a break. They're not going to make the playoffs. They're going nowhere. That came, they played against Pittsburgh last night. They might as well stay at home. They didn't even show up. Pretty rough. Pretty rough. You know, when you have guys like that, and it just, you said, you've got to do a lot of, you did not want to let Alco. And you let Alco, the kid is going, you can see they were going down the fight. You just started that, that's a burden go. You didn't want to pay the big money and then when you don't want to pay the big money is poor, it's pretty more. You're going to end up like that. Then I'll tell you they're playing no defenses. Trevor Kiddelash, that he looked like he was in a game playing to game by himself, man. It was an ugly thing to watch, especially when your plan was penguins. Well, nobody would have, no, no, no, no. You're throwing the mood. Yeah, they want to play. And for us to break it, they're going to be at the finals, but sometimes they just go up. They're not ready to play, but boy, boy, they put on a clinic if they want to go up. You bet. Okay, hang out a second, Graves have been doing a little break. We'll come right back. Don't share his here and the jiffers here to hold his hand. It's 21 to 11 at WIOD. You're going to love it now more than ever. It's the new Pompino Park Racing for the thrill of excitement of live harness racing action in nightly full car at Sammel casting from your favorite tracks. Come visit Pompino Park Racing. Now we're going to see you be Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday like tonight with first post time, 730. This Friday night's co-features will be the Philly and Merrofen pace in the open track for a full night's worth of valuable entertainment start off at the top of the park. Restaurant, get yourself a great meal and enjoy a beautiful panoramic view of the skyline and plunge your brains out. Come check out South Florida's nighttime hotspot for food for funnicks. I've been take I-95 or the turnpike to the Atlantic Boulevard exit that South to powerline road. For good times good food and great racing it's new Pompino Park Racing and the best news is Jackie Lee won't be there. You're pretending to express by the host guest for callers on WIOD. You're not necessarily those of the station or sponsors on WIOD program for Copyright 1995 by WIOD Incorporated. This is right for a PC director with the hockey news. They don't come any better than the old Rogers. Okay so we got a little bill here with our near to try to put the Applanthe C to get him in the Hall of Fame and quit post-poning be inevitable you know. Well I do the best thing getting I'd not be popular with the Hall of Favres as River Green. I'm going to be a little bit more excited to see the best thing getting I'd not be popular with the Hall of Favres as River Golds but I'll do my best. If I put the word in for me won't make it to fair. Yeah I saw you got Neil Rogers syndrome. Yeah so what did happen to me? Remember said to me you said you know every time you're on with Sherry you never play one of my calls and one of those great calls of Panthers Coral East schools. Here we go. I'm on plan a Jeff Rimmer call of one of those great goals. I said today's today I'm going to do it so so Sherry can hear some of your great work. There's branches and for the five hundred gold. I'm going to be a piece of view and it pairs the nine. Sam from the forest. He's a bunch of branches now. That's the same thing with Neil. Ram with that. He turns around in suits and cars still make the same on and Harry else got a back one more time. Now Neil again and settles in those the branches. Well he's shootin' all the yonder. He wants it. He's got a team here. Six. All right. And Hall of Fame. Hall of Fame. All right. So he's smoked the leg of the ants. He's like, oh my god. You'll be on your leg then. One on mine. You'll burn you and get a tie hockey game. Y'all are very young. He's starting to sun more like Mike Lang all the time and he grapes. You know, I, I, but I hear stuff like, you know, I want to absolutely wheat. You know what I mean? I, I hear this guy eat a muc of this. You will look like a muc of this. Where did it go grapes? I love you grapes. I knew this was set up ahead of time. It wasn't set up. How much was the check for? How much did he send you to save this? I can't, I, look, hockey, I, I go all the stuff to come in with that and on our head. And we're pretty too, we're going to be out to go like, boom. We're going to have a little mitchess running around. And that's Chris Ward. That's Chris Ward does that. Right. Chris Ward does that. I know. He already says that. All right. I just, you know, take fall and finish the day just those 1800. We make more rule changes. We have guys coming in. How about this one, Rimmer? He'll go home alone. I left the one. Yeah, it's louder on move. Does that mean sideways? Keep the puck here. I guess. Revert. Oh, I mean that thing's he turned it to back. How about, well, how about this one? The harder round. Oh, the harder round. Yeah. Sounds like something sexual to me. Yeah. You see that, I'm not harder round. I don't want to tell you rumors to one. That says that one by the way. I don't like the one where they say the top goal. I don't like the one. Oh, like, well, that's another sex thing. See? That's that's pocket again, Denise. Great. Great. Graves. Let's get serious here for a minute. Your coaching and that's subject. You're coaching in the National Hockey League today. Yeah. And this takes over for a debate that Neil and I had last time I was in here. You're coaching in the NHL today. You have your choice as your number one center. Lindrasch or Lumu. Who do you take? A pick Lindrasch. All right. All right. You know, I've been had before in my life. But this is the biggest set up. I've ever been putting a bit of love in my life. Go away. I've got a set up. The last time I got set up like this was those Cambridge Diet Thickers that came in a set up all the calls of it. That's like 15 years ago for crying out loud. This thing is all planned. It's all scripted. I can't believe even Cherries got a price. I can see that. First of all, the eight took a ball of back. Yeah. And Lindrasch is a complete pack. He's gone. There hasn't been a lot. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. I've got a lot of money. All right. Let's put the question a little bit different. Right now, forget about who you'd rather have for the long run. Right now, who's playing the best in league. Well, I'd have to say, Mario, when he plays right now. There's no doubt about it. No doubt about it. Lindrasch has been heard a couple of times. Yeah. It's hit hurt and broken. Shot for that one thing. Mario, there would be. I'm going to tell you. Mario scored a goal last night. I don't know if you've seen it. I don't know if you've seen it. I've seen it in the highlights. It's about the third time I've seen him. He's behind the red line. It's an impossible angle. And somehow he slides it across that red line and just it just curves into that. I'm not how anybody's going to walk it along. I don't know. No, that was he some pretty cool. And he's done it three times. Once against the Panthers. Right. Bobby York said he has ever seen a guy. He's the best he's ever seen. He's a good wife. Maybe not the best player. But the good wife is the best he's ever seen. I was when Bobby didn't look at the mirror. That's all it. Yeah. But he's got to feel he made a move on for two years ago. For a Raymond Boycott side, North, some up with the knock. I didn't even put him. He was through to the top play into the guy. From without wondering, he'd give it to him. Come back and walk around. And he does things that it's under the levar. He was a floater. The first two or three years. He would definitely was a floater. But he went to deep Canada. And he saw a dress he'd saw. He'd see a guy like that. He showed up every night. That's what he turned into a hockey player. Well, you know, there's some guys you talk about Bobby or there. Some guys in his town. I don't want to say who they'd like to pretend that Denise Potman was a better defenseman than Bobby or. Well, it's really. I'm not not a potman. He was a truck to and he could put the. Pocketed and he could make plays. He could block. He could do well. But you put him in the same class with Bobby. I put him right at right behind Bobby. But he's not. I don't think Bobby want to have him right behind him. Well, listen, if you could have. If you we pinned and you talked to Denny and he could say I'm right up for the door. It's pretty good. Third to the bar. There's players start super far. It's another with probably or there you go. Speaking of surf so far, I read yesterday that he was interviewed for the auto. Adelaide General Manager job. I couldn't fit this the minute of that. Well, we thought again. But Rose got you doing some. I wanted to put up the Christmas. Oh, well, we're going to have to let him in. No, go ahead. What was that again about the third. I was going to say, sure, survived the story was. I read it yesterday in the Boston Globe that he was at least interviewed and being considered for the GM job in Ottawa before they hired Pierre Gochette. Oh, I don't. Third, I talked to third after the thing he was up. He got fired and he was a weight so bad. And he's this guy is River. I'll tell you. It's just a millionaire. He doesn't need that activation. I'll tell you that right now. But that'd be good because again, you have to have a great guy. It ought to be because Paul's credit cost river. And they're trying to get the French people. It could be that's why they give Diego. 12.5 million. If I don't overrated player in the game, most overpaid players. Oh, whatever. In the history of court. Yep. And in the meantime, they're not drawn flies in there. And what they're going to build a bigger arena. And they're still not going to draw flies. Let's say they got a product for us. What are we going to get to talk about for the court? I'd like to. Oh, okay. Let's do it. And I want to hear more about Florida, the hockey night in Canada. So all these people all over the world with their satellite dishes can hear what a great team and a great coach we got. I fully and, you know, he went under. He jumped on a plane, went under a very podcast. And that job because everybody said I'm going to say it. Very rich. They got it with that Brian Murray is this friend. And that's why he got it. Yeah, I got I got something to that day. And that's what I believe. Yeah, then it's somebody said, well, Brian got him because then he could fire him a little and then he could back coach again. I guess he showed them all. Jolvenowski, I'm telling you this guy. He is one of my favorite players. The guy comes down that last type, boy. And his side. And when he had, he'd like, you know, you might be a blind drop in a way. He hits a heart. He just does, he hits, you know, hits, he hits, he is practically everybody. And what a great kid loves to play the game. Great. Always with a smile on his face. And I had the lap one type when he was in the final two years ago. They brought all the first brothers down. And I remember you remember this, like put them on a coach's quarter. And the fourth skill is created to do it. But the real thrill to meet Mark Messier, you know, after the top. He's gone all the real thrill with thought. Our coach's quarter was great. That's true. Well, that's why I love my, I know there was another reason. And now you're not too big on those Europeans, but this kid, Red Act Vorek, this kid's going to be a star. Well, Chuck McFade, that he's a tough kid. I've got comparatively speaking. So we woke up with an idea. He's not that, but the playoff come around and then he can get Harry Parker plus 14. Oh, anybody, he got a lovely play here. You anybody wants to school around. He can fall long. He can create the boat. And everybody talks about the beef truck. And he is a game. What keeps up with the one. But I know that he or anybody talking about this Patrick. Yeah, what did one that he or anybody played phenomenal. That's right. They both see the only name they know down here. I've fortunately spent these books because they like the sound of it. But fits, fits he's played great too. But of course, all this stuff about the Europeans, it must make your blood boil when you watch those red wings out there. Well, again, great regular season. We don't know if they'll choke in the playoffs. But they put that all rushing line. It was five rushing guys out there. You must be going nuts. Well, first of all, you got Paul Cotty. A thousand points can't make it. Partly, triggered out with it. And all I got to say when I was done is create talk to you. Should track, track, track, track. And River, it all got to talk about police, police on the K. He threw the motor against those Europeans. They didn't say how to get cattle prod. You get from on the A. And you got to have to have your guys. I know the Europeans. You got to have them pop in the gold set. But the playoff. Take the look at the guy who's been coming through in the playoffs all the time. Now one guy is on Detroit. You can't get on the ice sister rally. Yeah, well, there's another thing. I knew we had never get through. I never knew we'd never get through the whole hour without River getting sister rally's name in there. They've been fighting. You got there. You don't need them. Go. You know, it's got to be fought before they got there. Yeah. I get here in the guy that's your best playoff guy. They don't play like he did in the playoffs like you're. They might have won the fairly. Thank you very much. Okay. We're going to let you go. But let me just make your prediction right out. Put your on the spot. Who do you like in the finals? I like Detroit. Pittsburgh in the finals. And you won't believe this river. Doesn't. I was almost what I said. Well, I'm a club of claim. At the very opening. He had to, you know, how you have talking. You got to go to a minute to go or talk. You got to spill right out to that. Because of season started the first team. He says, who's going to win the Stanley Cup. Who's going to be in the. The final. So I guys, what do you get in the kit. It has these started. You got to tell me right now. I said Detroit Pittsburgh would be straight. What is it? And that was before. Did you know. Did you know. Did you know that I am amazing. You think. You think. I thought. And you think this is the year they're finally going to forget how to choke. Is that what you're saying? This is the year they're going to tell you. But I'll tell you like. By favorite team to watch. I got to see right now. It's your cause. I'll tell you. I've got to see tonight's almost everything you have to make. I've got to do a great best. If I want the penalty just the same point. But it's just a good point. If he removed the single point Illi. They're not doing a great good wrong When they. If doesn't it move on the eight gets in the play as I come to play? Dog? The calleparela Is playing the best the ever Major playltis contour. But I'm going to tell you. Eddie De Eagle man, pretty shaky. It's not playing well in an out row. what's the place? You gotta get a hack at Innery, what is five three? Hey, grapes, what's your prediction for the Panthers on the playoffs? It's all the best again. You go back to the Beatfucker Fitzpatrick, if you have it and you're in Dree. You guys got a team that you can't have two or three Dree. You have two or three serious Dree that is, uh, fire in R. But you know what? It's a little different though here. And this is something you can talk about on hockey night in Canada. A little different with the Panthers because they don't have a superstar and Doug McClean can roll four lines and when it gets to the playoffs things tighten up defensively. The Panthers can play that well. They've got a decent back line and they've got, as you mentioned here a couple of times, they've got great gold tending. So they're going to be in the playoffs now. They played 500 from here on in. They're in the playoffs. And the fact of the matter is anything is you well know is coach of the Bruins anything can happen to the playoffs. Well, that's true, but the only thing I see about the board and they haven't been there before. And sometimes with a team like that make the playoffs, they who did their family cup. You've seen that before. Okay. It's not enough just to make the playoffs. They've got to talk us up there. Will you please? I do have that. Okay. Thanks a minute. Have a great holiday grapes. And we'll talk to you soon. Good Lou. Okay. So how to roll 1056 to WIOD. Did you know you can buy a dolphin football helmet for just 999. It's true. It even has the dolphins official logo on it. What's more? It's the most delicious football helmet you've ever come into contact with. That's because this football helmet is the newest ice cream cake from Carvelle. It's a black-a-home that decorated with the dolphins logo and hand made of rich delicious ice cream. You're participating Carvelle ice cream bakery. Your favorite supermarkets got a fully 999. And with proof of purchase you can sit in for a free spiral football. So look for the Carvelle football helmet. Kicks it your participating Carvelle ice cream bakery or your favorite supermarkets. They're only 999. So pick up a bunch for the holidays. No forget to sit in for that free spiral football too. The Carvelle football helmet. It's at your Carvelle ice cream bakery right now because Carvelle believes everything should be made of ice cream even dolphin football helmets. We've watched the Weather Channel table network. You see messages counting 610 WIOD as the radio station with the best news, traffic and weather. The Weather Channel knows and that's why they called us. No man came Weather Vague here. Weather froze. Our news talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD. Okay, we're almost up on the news now which I never ever do that. But in the case when you got grapes on a phone you don't muck a ruck monkey around a cut of short. And it's real fascinating to see. Like I said when you're head you would mitted. You see okay I've been head. I know this was a set up deal. You're in a break now. Remirmed. He said a nice check up there. Nice holiday check to take it. No, you're right. Oh, I'm not going to get a song about Eric Lindras. And you know, everybody's got their price. The emotional stability is not what it's cracked up to me. WIOD, Miami Ford Latter-N. News talking entertainment radio. 610 WIOD.