I think that you see Russia speech at the nab I saw like about ten seconds of it
Oh, I guess he he was asked about the drug case and he said that he doesn't know anything about any investigation
But he will cooperate when he's asked. Oh, yeah, I saw the clip and but he didn't deny it though
You know, no, he didn't deny poppinos 80 million pills and about the feeling her upper any wires on her body
It's that her. Yeah, that's what our old was doing out there in California was feeling all those bros up to see if they were if they were wired
Yeah, that could be that might be it. He looks like he's wired
He you know, I know this way he walks he doesn't I was watching the newscast last night and he walked into a building with a bunch of people and I swear to you
They were goose stepping hmm
You can hear that you can hear that exactly
Hairman's fourth dagger of course the fact that his father was a Nazi in Austria. We supposed to overlook that too
You know, yeah, we all have skeletons somewhere. Yeah in our closet like rush with all in my bottles of pills
Couldn't couldn't have it a more deserving guy now
What do you think about poor for all the way that they're brow beating him now? I don't know what happened with
I just walked in here. I was listening to him this morning and sounds like he's going through the usual
Yeah, Georgia will tell you the judge will fill you in on the blanks. Okay. It's the usual Ojoan provocateurs
You know the other thing rush said was that he didn't say anything at all
This is really insane, but this is what he does with his radio shows and everything else he does
He makes crap off spins crap, you know, and what he said was he didn't say anything about Macnav he was talking about the media
Oh right sure sure
But I can tell you this his resignation was forced. Oh, no question about it. Absolutely. Yeah
Just kind of like a dumb Shula. I'm sorry, but at any rate
Well, I'll say first of all listen, you know, I mean I'm a football fan to a point
I like you are because it's your livelihood, but I don't disagree with you. No, that's exactly what happened
Anybody who would say that Donovan McNabb is is
Overrated in the media have this desire to prop him up like it said any article in the daily in whatever paper was this morning
Seven starting quarterbacks Sunday were black two others were injured or there would have been nine and the media got some kind of
It's an issue that died 10 years ago right exactly
Like right should have I'll tell you what happened by a way a little bit of insight. Okay, okay?
Okay, the first week he was on the first show he talked about the failed
Affirmative action policy in the NFL for coaches and then he did a little thing about that and they told him after that
That they want him to spark controversy, but they want him to stay away from the politics
Yeah, okay, so what does he come back and do three weeks later exactly what they told him not? Yeah, well
It was a bad mistake like I said before would be like if NBC fired Tom Brokhan put Ozzy Osborne on to do the nightly news and
When the first 30 seconds he said drop the F bomb about six times and they got all done out of shape and act like they were surprised
You know they got exactly what they should have known they were gonna get and it's a tourist yep
Good here Friday now. What are you doing in there? You're not working today? I'm working on a project for somebody that requires some research
So I'm in your working some research. Hey listen don't overdo it man. I won't don't worry about that
I like your schedule this week you're starting to make me jealous
Exactly that's what I'm talking about take care of back Tuesday, and you'll see you then
More pay less work that's the QMF in way hey, let me tell you were the one who told me a year ago, okay?
You said just ride this gravy train and don't worry about it
Did you not tell me that absolutely? Thank you you bet and I'm I'm congratulating you
You're doing a hell of a job and a mad dog too. He works about two days a month
It's not a bad deal all again. No. I'll take it anyway. We're like about five minutes behind one o'clock at 5'60 WDQ
