I met him at the Marlon's.
He's a great guy.
Yeah, I met him at the Marlon's game.
Morning, Neil.
Yeah, good morning, Neil.
We have Marlon crap.
Yeah, you and yours.
There are 500 who's laughing now.
Woohoo!
Oh, heavy duty, man.
What are they about?
85-hour per week.
Hey, listen.
You got a great deal.
You're missing the breaking news story of all-time sports story.
What?
LeBron James on CNBC on the Canaling Channel, being interviewed by Maria Barclay Roma with
a heavy bags under her post, picking his crotch like he was digging for gold for like
15 minutes.
I've never seen anything so gross in my life.
It sounds like something I see every morning around here.
Yeah.
This morning, this morning, for El's Tommy, that Mo digs for gold.
It is...
I'm sorry.
...and front everybody else.
I want you to tell the audiences.
He picks his hand on the back of his pants and everybody else and digs it for dingle
beer.
That is sweet.
And the front.
I love it.
He's so comfortable with the ferrella that he can work that mind-sh-
Mind-sh-
I just want to remind you one thing.
The first day that you came on a year.
Yeah.
And he reached out and shook your hand.
Like maybe seconds people had their ass in there.
There was some fat on there.
A little...
A little...
All the crap you could unwrap.
A little...
A little...
A little...
You think you get a little fat back, you know?
Remember, I think a man used to smell after a little accident.
He smelled a smell of a finger.
See how it works down there.
See how everything...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
Oh, a little...
What are you up to?
What are you up to?
You have great baseball out there, man.
What's the problem?
Blue Jays are only two games out of three.
I heard that guy from Canada yesterday call you a...
He was like, a-do we got a me where do you live up here, a-
It was great.
That guy sounded like a friend of mine.
That guy sounded like a friend of mine.
That guy sounded like a friend of mine.
It sucked me in.
So bad. I thought I was a friend of mine from Mahaki News,
who has their offices there.
Probably was Bob McKenzie.
Some Montreal-Ixpoke guy hit for the cycle.
I know you're excited about that.
So when you think about LeBron James picking his crotch on...
The Worldwide TV series ever been...
This guy...
This guy has got like the mad dog would say.
He's got the IQ of a boxer rock.
I hope that he has the worst down-line...
The history of dollars for a guy who couldn't write an X.
He has a word, dick.
And I'm glad he has to play in crappy Cleveland,
which is like playing in hell.
And they're gonna stink.
He's gonna stink.
And I'm telling you that he's gonna...
He's gonna stink.
And I'm telling you that he's gonna...
He's gonna be a rock man.
He's a little boy with a big card.
His mama likes to steal from the local version.
A little over the big one?
He's got a big toy.
He's got his big card.
And all the little black kids love him.
And you know what?
I hope he drowns in his own...
The hypocrisy of the amount of attention his kid gets.
You hope he drowns in a sea of his own excrement.
In fact, I hope he slides off the road in his hammer and...
You can all rap.
I don't care if the kid dies.
You know, the NBA to me is about as exciting as one of most...
Bound movements.
When you probably got a little piece of the evidence on you.
And I want to work with George on Fridays.
What's the problem?
Oh yeah, that's another story.
All these people are lying.
They're all lying.
I'm gonna tell you, we got more freaking liars than that.
There was five years.
Yesterday afternoon from Muff and Clarence.
I can't say Greg asked me about actually farting on the mic.
Yeah.
I mean, I think I do have better farts than you.
But I don't fart.
And they tell me that you volunteered to like help out...
When I'm on, do my two day weeks.
See, they're surprised the guy works two days a week on the summer.
Now, you're gonna do eight to noon in Georgia.
Do 10 to two Monday Wednesday.
And for 12 to two, Monday Wednesday Friday.
Come and find out that they did what?
I'll share the truth.
Well, if they want me to do eight to noon, they're gonna have to, you know, get some shipments to cash in here.
No.
From over to on the other coast.
And the second thing is, I told them I just wanted to do an hour with George on Friday.
And that'll still cost them out the ass.
I agree.
There's one thing I have.
I like champions.
Man, that's the QA method way.
They lie to their teeth.
I want free food.
I want free food.
Lots of money because I'm good looking.
I'm pretty.
I'm on the move.
And I'm like you.
I mean, lots of cash to entertain the masses.
And there's plenty of idiots to entertain.
Maybe that's what Mo is reaching in the behind for.
Maybe he's gonna pull out.
I have never seen anybody just openly pick their trial.
You know something I wish you would have told us this yesterday morning.
We could have put it on our pole.
He works on his pole.
I said it with a full fist down into the saddle.
Pick the winner, Mo.
I love when he does it, man.
He just says no mercy.
I mean, I can see him over there at the country.
Climb up at the bump and table picking his mind, yeah.
Pull it.
Pull it.
Pull it.
Pull it.
Pull it out.
Pull it out.
Just breathe.
I mean, because you know he wears those lots of breathe.
Maybe he's just trying to reconnect the bag.
You don't think about that?
Maybe the novels fell out.
How did they say, Scott?
I knew.
Howard David's bitch.
Now, usually I don't do this.
But, let me tell you a little bit about the wheels that I drive to work in.
Now, I'm not trying to be rude, but you can really get screwed.
By those dealers trying to sell you your automobile brand new.
See, I don't need the fancy grills.
All those new cosmetics.
I've had my baby 20 years.
She can almost script out gears to the hongo.
And the hongo.
It got a four on the floor.
It got a four of its doors, but not a hell of a lot more.
It needs a brand new ignition.
It got a broken transmission.
It got some holes in the body.
Got front and rear fenders.
Missed and leaks like a ton of a gun.
But I'm like so odd at times.
It's a piece of, you know what?
But at least it's fake or aha.
1007 at 560 WQM.
That is the grossest thing.
I mean, combining LeBron James, picking his package on Worldwide TV,
they're a photo Maria Barteromo.
And I'm not just talking about reaching down like adjusting briefly.
I'm talking about like a...
Oh, give it a little bit of a...
I just kept screaming at the set.
Get the camera off this crazy bastard.
Get moving, you know, wouldn't do it.
And anyway, and then of course hearing about Mo picking seeds
out of his...
Recko.
...and that is...
Maybe he and LeBron could have a pick off.
Didn't...
Yeah, well that's a baseball thing.
Oh, it's a pick off of first base.
Anyway, look at that.
We're going to get 1,600 votes on yesterday's poll.
So we'll wait because we need five more.
Beena Boyz got some more tragic stories.
Anybody want to hear them?
No.
I just can't handle you anymore.
I can't handle these tales of woe.
Woe.
Yeah, you're starting to turn into another Eric now.
Woe!
You're like that crap, you know.
We can't handle it.
He did show up though today and notice how salinity is real quiet.
He's working.
He's working on what?
I'm getting the stories up.
He's in...
I notice he also let us down yesterday.
He was going to put the instructions on our web page.
How to get rid of that crap, all those pop-up things.
Didn't see him on there.
He'll do that really quickly too.
Huh?
Taking care of all of them.
We switched rooms, so he's in there using your computer and I'm in here.
Oh, I see.
I see.
So that's good.
Let's keep him off the air for a while.
So I do get a bunch of lies from Clarence and Duff.
Now, that's not there to defend himself today because he's getting his assets related.
They got a search party to see who's been in there.
But so he's not in.
But Clarence was in Brighton earlier this morning admitted that he lied through his teeth.
Him and Greg, what they're trying to do is like put words into Forels mouth.
Yeah, well, I help out.
I'll do an hour crossover with George.
And so what they translate that into like, he'll do chill noon.
In fact, maybe he'll do just eight in the morning till two.
Till two in the Monday morning.
He's getting fried then I'm up there.
And I said as long as George gets paid for with all the way here.
I'll come in and bring him coffee or something.
Right.
That's right.
You can be a gopher.
Sure.
Because that's our motto anyway.
Less work, same pay, like the Humper or more pay.
Less work and more pay.
That's what we strive for it to do.
I have the menu book over here, all the restaurant connections.
We can get a different place in here every day.
I know how to do all that.
I mean, we like how he's a lot, but I think we need to start moving up a little bit.
Oh, we get toadie.
And it's pizza loft.
Right.
I was thinking more like, oh, look at that.
We got to 1600 even.
Just stalling around there for a second.
I got a couple of great faxes.
By the way, you'll pin your pants on both of these.
Let's see, 1600 votes even.
That's pretty heavy duty for a minute considering there's nobody around.
Which of these statements about Moe Howard, David, did you believe most strongly?
Oh, before I do that, I better read my Hillary passage.
Tonight, I always do this first.
I'm going to give you a whole paragraph today.
Oh, right.
You're from the Hillary book, from Living History by Hillary Rodham Clinton.
You're a mean man.
Yes, I am.
Hey, listen, why should they go out and waste the 28 bucks when they can hear it for free on this show?
And in addition to which, it's not worth 28 cents.
She says, this is the third paragraph page one, okay?
Seeing if they would tape this every day, they could like put it together like into a talking narrative.
My story began in the years following World War II, and men like my father who had served their country, returned home to settle down, make a living and raise a family.
It was the beginning of the baby boom and optimistic time.
The United States had saved the world from fascism, and now our nation was working the United Former adversaries in the aftermath of the war, reaching out to allies into former enemies, securing the peace and helping to rebuild the devastated Europe and Japan.
How do you like that?
Starting at pretty emotional, ain't it?
Yeah, I'm getting a little bit more.
Every review of her book that I've read has been skewing.
Basically, she doesn't say a goddamn thing.
It's a lot of pages, nearly 600 pages, didn't say a goddamn thing.
But nevertheless, between that and Harry Potter, people are like just grabbing it up like solid gold.
Here's the poor result.
What's in these statements about Mohawar, David, and you, I believe most strongly.
1600 votes, a great total.
He's a total asshole, 487, who picks seeds out of his butt in front of everybody else.
30.4%.
He's alienated just about everyone.
295, 18.5%.
Who's Mohawar, David, it's 285.
Still 17.8%.
I haven't got a clue who the old man is.
His talk show blows 277, 17.3%.
Neil picks on him too much.
144, 8.9%.
Remember, it was like about 13%.
Yeah.
And then it went to 10.
And then it was like just a little over 8.
And then I made a comment about that.
And they boosted up to overnight.
But now it's 8.9%.
He does great play by play.
75, 4.6%.
He's a great talent, only 37.2.3%.
Out of 16.04.
On the Mohawar, David had pulled from yesterday.
And this keep in mind is before they knew that he picks seeds out of his butt in front of everybody else.
I still think he's just trying to reinsert the tube.
Tube of what?
Cool gate for fresh breath.
Maybe a thocco flush.
Seriously, don't you think that if you had like a bag that you have to...
I don't want to get too graphic, but don't you have to like stick the tube somewhere?
Maybe he's applying prep H.
Anyway, here's our first fan.
I still can't get over the LeBron James thing.
I'm not exaggerating.
It was just beside the fact that for 90 million bucks he can't say crap.
He's just... he's dumber than sawdust.
And he's honored.
He's like adjusting and moving around his package and got his hands in his crotch and poor Maria.
You can see she was getting really uneasy.
And she started interviewing one of the other...
Oh God.
Who also couldn't speak, by the way.
Here's the fact that says hello, Neil.
Sounds a little like Duff.
I better do the break first because this is a lengthy couple of factors.
Very important stuff.
Today is Wednesday, by the way.
Oh, right.
Big day on a show every Wednesday noon to Wawar.
I mean, 1 to 2.
See that creatures of habit.
1 to 2 are gigantic.
1 to 2 are with all comedy bits every Wednesday.
Very excited about that, aren't we?
Yes, we are.
Yes.
1013 at 560 WQM.
If you're a dieter, if you're fat, you'll be very excited when you go into the lights of Westbok.
Because they'll discover there's a store entirely dedicated to you.
Not just a store that's got a shelf or two of low-carb items, but an entire store with over 900 low-carb sugar-free products.
And they lights of Westbok is introducing new ones every month, including like right now.
Try their new low-carb instant cup of soup.
All you do is add water and pop it in the microwave.
It's a low-carb meal and a cup of four delicious flavors, or new,
simply low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast or your own individual-sized cheesecake.
And they've got low-carb hot cocoa, apple cider, blindies and brownies.
And they're a credible selection of low-carb pasta, sauces, dressings, chips, chocolates,
their famous carbolite ice cream, almond snack cakes, and six different flavors.
At last, chocolate, crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all, thank God.
Which means you won't spend all day on the pot.
And the carbolite ready to drink chocolate and vanilla shakes, which is a low-carb meal and a can.
Also now they've got in Judy's low-carb peanut-britable with unbelievable low-grade taste.
Stop by and talk to the staff that we know they're dieting inside and out of the two lights of Westbok.
And don't forget all Atkins products are on sale today, tomorrow, all day, every day, even on Sookas.
They're open daily 10 to 10. You'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades in 441.
Right next to Boston Market and prestigious Boka.
Not too far from where we're out for a while and the Molyoo.
Call them toll-free at 1-877 Low-Carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget it's a stupendous store and it's entirely for all you fat folks.
The lights of Westbok are your official Atkins retail centers.
We're Sports Radio 5 CC, QAM.
Oh!
W-Q-A-M is just your type.
The process of cloning has always been extremely controversial.
It began in 1997 when scientists cloned Dolly the sheep.
Since that time, millions of dollars and countless laboratory hours later,
scientists at the University of Idaho are reveling in another incredible cloning breakthrough.
It's the world's first cloning of a mule.
Scientists now say based upon this incredible success, they have plans to clone other asses.
Whitney Houston.
Mike Tyson.
Rosie O'Donnell.
Monica Lewinsky.
Bill and Hillary Clinton.
That's certainly what I do.
As cloning.
10-18, I love the way that just like chops right off of the end there.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Absolutely.
Anyway, we got the new pull us up there.
I'm amused at the way as soon as I gave the result of yesterday's pull on Mo.
Eric got that new thing up there faster than you could say.
Whoa! I'm telling you it was incredible.
You see that?
We thought it.
The new pull is up there and the voting has started.
The new pull is, should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website?
We got six choices for you.
First choice.
Absolutely.
Absolutely, yes, important.
I rarely read them.
I only care about the pull.
I mostly care about the goofy stuff.
I'd rather see more naked pictures or I don't need it.
I read lots of news websites.
I think that covers from our Vark to Zebra, don't you?
I could pick up.
Yesterday would have been very interesting if we could have added Mo picks a lot of winners.
Maybe Hank got a take into the racetrack with him because he seemed to be picking a lot of winners lately.
I can't envision that.
So, an old guy like him reaching into his lime green checkered pants and digging around for gold and his ass.
I mean, in front of everybody else, it's just more than we can handle.
A thought of it makes me nauseous.
So, we got five votes on it.
It'll be real interesting to see this, you know what?
To see whether the fruits of our labor now.
Let's see.
Let me read this facts first because this one's a little more coherent than the other one.
It says, here's my opinion regarding the bedtime stories.
Keep doing this as much as a pain as it is to do it.
If it's stopped and there'll be no single good source for these articles,
common sense.com and the others are good, but don't provide the same resource that you do as you refer to all sorts of news sources,
whereas the other sites rely mainly on their own writers and contributors.
Moreover, your stories are from all sorts of media outlets from around the planet.
Also, by starting with your stories, I found those media outlets and have read news articles or other news articles or opinions editorials.
This provides me with the opportunity to determine if those outlets, newspapers, etc.
Have a particular political or philosophical slant.
Also, seeing the same information in different articles from a variety of sources is worthwhile,
not only for the usefulness of having the same facts discussed from different points of view,
but also for the satisfaction that the information, especially, that could be considered to be anti-bushes out there
and being strenuously researched and reported.
But this goes on.
Lastly, in my opinion, anyone who feels the bedtime stories should cease completely or even partly
prefers having their head in the sand or up their own ass or is the type to call every day just so they can say,
retire, thus fulfilling whatever perverse, I don't know what that word means,
pathetic, naval, limp-pickingly they have or ass-picking as the case may be.
I hope that even if the poll shows disfavorable bedtime stories that use last George's last Carlos continued to post them anyway.
Slash Carlos.
Well, at this point, could it hurt?
Also, I'd be curious to this to the percentage of people responding to your poll who are from South Florida versus from someplace else.
And of those which groups, South Florida versus some places else,
both to keep the stories compared to those who don't.
This is one South Florida that says, keep the stories and keep up the good work.
Wow.
As an aside, I couldn't do your job except for the money.
If I had to beg for calls at times, then I have to listen to the morons, A-holes, and other losers in the quantity that you do.
I would have hung up the headset and moved permanently to Toronto Florence or Cologne long time ago.
Well, let's talk to my church about that. What do you say?
You know my church is motto?
All the crap you can unwrap.
Yeah.
Now, let's see. How's the early voting on this?
Oh,
peanut butter by the way is working frantically because let me just give you the update on today's chapter in the peanut butter soap opera.
His father has Crohn's disease and he had an attack he's in the hospital.
He's going to be a stepfather. He's going to be okay though, right?
Yeah, he's fine. He just has these attacks a couple of times a year.
That's an asti thing.
Luke Crohn's disease, very, that's a Kishki disease, intestinal thing.
And the other thing is his computer just died blew up.
It's been on the verge and it died.
Boy, you're I'm telling you, if I was you, I would like to be very, very careful when I cross the street.
In fact, I wouldn't cross the street.
So that's the activity he's working frantically on my computer on that nice new one that I bought with my own hard earned money.
And who get those bedtime stories on there today?
Now, whether we continue with this or not depends of course on the poll and whether we want to agree with it or not.
60 votes already. Should Neil keep the bedtime stories on the website?
Absolutely. Yes, important.
Absolutely.
28.
I'd rather see more naked pictures. 19.
I only care about the poll. 5.
I don't need it. I read lots of news websites. 4.
I mostly care about the goofy stuff too.
That was probably, you know who the two work, Clarence and the Beast.
And I rarely read them too.
Well, we got both for every category on there. I think so it goes another good example of a stupendous poll.
Here's another. This is a silly fact.
I mean, it's intended as a serious fact, but I find this so amusing.
George, I'm in this guy's name is George. That's what I'm talking about.
George and Pablo Bees. I don't want to like make fun of you.
I don't want to like because obviously the intentions are good and you're an old, cute like me.
But George, come on.
Says hello Neil. Long time listener. First time factor.
I can remember when you used to say taking a stand would not accomplish anything just a waste of time,
but I really like what you're doing about the bushes and that we're going through.
You should have said the bushman.
Also, I heard what you said about his tax cuts screwing the majority. It was so true.
I started writing this last night and was not really sure if I should.
Now after the last three minutes of yesterday's show, I know it's worth the effort.
By the way, I ran out of time because I just got that story and I don't know if anybody could understand it because I was reading so fast.
We got it. Did you get it? Although it's very, very good.
I didn't fumble too much to that because I had a very limited time. It was bad, bad timing.
Anyway, here's the sentence. Here's the greatest sentence I've ever received in a fact of all time.
Okay. Hold on. Strap yourself in it.
It says Neil, we need you to save this country.
I even circled it with my pen. That is a great line.
We the people of the have nots that includes me a 55 year old trailer park resident says George need a new beginning, a new start if you will.
Neil, I'm as serious as a heart attack when I say we need to abolish the income tax, run our country on national sales tax and other ways than income tax.
This will close all the loopholes for those big corporations and the wealthy.
The halves can start supporting this wonderful country and give the lower class of fighting chance a chance to save some money.
Maybe work harder and extra job instead of to make more money.
Maybe we can all pay our own medical bills and buy food and housing. I think our country would rule so to speak.
With your internet site, which is by the way great and being on a radio you or we or us I think can make a difference.
Search that it's already started. Search abolish the income tax and see the future.
Here are a couple of places to start.
petitiononline.com slash knit with and de-taxas.com.
Neil if you don't help if you don't help here. Oh here we go again. I should have served for the.
I want you to listen very carefully George and be your boy. Will you listen?
I want to talk. We're listening.
Neil if you don't help here I think the country is going to go to pod.
And then in parentheses to show you how serious this whole thing is.
In parentheses it says. Oh George.
But seriously please give it some thought. Neil thanks for everything signed.
I'm going to use his name.
That has got to be we need you to save this country.
That's right. We need you on a radio you're going to save the country from itself.
You're going to save mankind. God I never realized I had that responsibility on my sloped old,
and I'm going to save the country.
I'm going to save the country.
I'm going to save the country. I'm going to save the country.
I'm going to save the country. I'm going to save the country.
I'm going to save the country. I'm going to save the country.
I'm going to save the country. I'm going to save the country.
I'm going to save the country. I'm going to save the country.
Anyway here's the place where you don't need naked pictures where you just need to talk to some nice people.
And it's called Haleth Pontiac GMC. That's the name of the joint.
And our good friend Tom Linden and Joe created on there would like to make you the deal of a lifetime.
A Neil deal right now. Here's Neil deal number one going on as I speak.
Get yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every 2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neil deal number two. Get up to a $4,000 rebate on every 2003 GMC in Pontiac in stock.
And all you current and former military personnel listen to this.
Get yourself an additional $750 rebate from your friends at Haleth right now.
Neil deal number three. At least the new 2004 Grand Prix GT1 for as low as $289 a month.
It's a 36 month LECR friends at Haleth Fort details. And also now at Haleth you can test her excluding it says excluding Benavoy.
But just about anybody else can test her out of any vehicle on the lot for 24 hours.
Take it home. Take it to work. I guess they figured 24 hours you could have time for too many problems.
If I want to say don't take it personally unless you want to.
Okay. And of course at Haleth you also find hasty appendice unbeatable selection of certified pre-owned cars,
truck's SUVs. And as we tell you every single day they're not picky about your credit.
They're not going to agree you like from A to B and from all the way through your life.
If you have marginal credit have no fear they'll find a way to get you into a new vehicle.
Haleth, Pontiac GMC they're in the same grade spot. They've been treating people right and making unbeatable deals for 35 plus years.
That's 13401 South Dixie Highway that's on US one across the falls open every day seven days week.
If you want more info on those Neal Deals just call the hotline tool free at 1-888-534-4211.
1-888-534-4211 keep in mind all Neal Deals subject to credit approval to see our friends at Haleth Fort details.
Once you do a little car shopping near you'll agree with all the rest of us. And Haleth Pontiac GMC they definitely are professional grade.
I am Lord, this is sports 20 and bicycle.
2A-F
Please take into following material out of context with Outendorsement or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we reach that goal or at least major life.
You've trusted Fisher Price toys for years.
Now from Fisher out of the water it's murder victim Barbie.
Would you, would you go?
Emulating criminal behavior has never been more fun.
She's this figure.
She's stiff. She's very, very dead.
It's murder victim Barbie.
Just think how many hours of fun you'll have with your portable crime lab.
How?
And what will your friends say when they see you performing an autopsy on your favorite new play toy?
E-E-E-O-A
It's murder victim Barbie.
It is me.
Basic torso comes dressed in something lacy, separate accessories including separate limbs headed neck extra.
Look at 134 votes on a poll already.
Aren't you impressed?
Yeah, okay.
Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website?
No, the reason that I'm impressed right now is because I was thinking to myself during the break.
What will be the demarcation line?
In other words, what percentage do we need to give us the encouragement, yours truly and boner boy to continue all the work that's involved putting this crap on her?
And I'm thinking like over 50%.
Wouldn't you?
I wanted to put them on no matter what because I think if even we get through a couple of people, it'll be worth it.
Did somebody give you like a silver plated shovel for your birthday?
I'm serious.
Because you keep thinking yourself a whole so deep.
You're going to wake up one day and you're going to have to speak.
You'll be turning Chinese or Japanese.
Seriously.
I'm trying to like don't you see the method in my madness here?
I'm trying to like inspire these people a little bit.
I'm trying to light a fire on them, especially since I'm going to save the world on a show.
Quite a Jordan popular beach.
This is a show.
Do we have a call on?
Oh, we have a couple actually.
Because when I looked up their last time, there wasn't a call on the board.
And I got a guy faxing me telling me I need to do this.
I need to do that because I'm going to save the world.
We can turn things around, maybe.
And I'm thinking we can't even get the poll questions right.
I'm always bragging about what a great poll I do yesterday.
One of the choices was Neil picks on Mo too much.
We should also have one.
Mo picks his ass too much.
Right.
But we didn't know.
But we didn't have the information.
And let me just say this.
This isn't something for Reldus made up by himself because you were telling me this before I ever spoke to for Reldus morning.
Right.
Well, I got.
I mean, I get there between the door our door and the hallway door, you know.
Yeah.
They were just shouting it in the hallway there.
They were out there.
Apparently today was the day that they went over the top and couldn't take it anymore.
He went over the edge.
He he he he he stills over.
Oh no.
Mo, keep your hand out of your ass in public, okay?
If you're driving home in your SUV or if you're a driving a jaguar or not giving day.
And you want to reach down and start groping around and digging for dollars or whatever you dig in the world.
That's fine.
If nobody can see it.
So I'm going to lend diet like.
But in the work place, I think there's something legal involved there in the work place.
Don't you?
I do.
Anel harassment.
I'm going to give for all my camera to borrow, of course, so that we can get a picture of the picture.
And my cable just went out.
Can you believe that my cable went out maybe because it's too hot.
You know what's going to be?
Oh, it just came back on going to be 95 here today a little on the toasty side.
95 sunny.
Don't know rain.
Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website?
Absolutely.
Yes, it's important.
Absolutely.
Just over 50%.
It's right or it's hovering.
74 out of a total of 146.
50.6%.
A lot of pressure now.
I'd rather see more naked pictures 40.
I really think we could pacify them.
We could put more naked pictures with each bedtime story.
Wouldn't that be good?
We could do that.
Just imagine how we could educate the world out there just like Georgian Pombovites.
We could save the world.
Just put a little bit of nudity on there.
And then if they, you know, that would be the magnet.
And draw them in and then they just might read the story.
They'll see the catchy headline you put on it and say,
Oh, that might be interesting.
Before I scrolled out of the next naked picture.
I only care about the pool 12.
I really read them nine.
I don't need it.
I read lots of news websites six.
And I mostly care about the goofy stuff.
Goofy like like that.
Five.
That's where it's laying out so far.
I'm glad we're doing this because you know, you have no way of knowing.
Although we have had a spectacular response on our website.
And especially you know what it really goose up big time?
Wait, when we went back to 10 to 2.
When for all one on 8 to 10 and we went back 10 to 2.
Oh, yeah.
Check it out.
We had a spike on that website.
Man, it was like all of a sudden we did have nothing but naked pictures.
Like a porno website.
We had such phenomenal response.
By the way, Carlos is going to put many, many naked pictures on there today.
So be sure and check it out.
Now we're not, are we putting naked pictures on the building of my camera?
Let's just lie a lot.
Okay.
In fact, I want to see since we've been so creative on those mode pictures.
I'd love to see a picture of moping seeds from his back bone.
Wouldn't that be lovely?
We're working on that.
Because you know what they say?
You have to plant the seed first and then watch it grow.
You have to fertilize it.
Oh, here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Hello, Dr.
Is your radio show a backup to the website now?
What does that mean?
Well, your poll results show that you know, majority of your pollers at least want to listen to the bedside stories.
And you don't play it on the radio anymore.
I don't play, I don't play them on the radio.
What does that mean?
Well, you always, you know, teases that you're going to read the story, but you never do.
Yes, I do.
I read it.
In fact, I read two or three yesterday.
And how long is your show?
So in other words, what you're doing is you tell me I should go back to reading the stories all day again.
Well, look at the poll results.
No, I see I've looked at a poll that's much more important and that is during the seven months that I was doing at the poll that we live by in this business called the ratings.
And it was not, it wasn't a winner.
They didn't like that.
So you're saying then that the internet people are different from your listeners?
No, I'm saying that if we put it on the internet, those people, I mean 50% want the bedtime stories so far.
I mean, the other 50% don't want to.
We can't afford to blow off the other 50% for me to sit here and read them all on the air every day.
But those people who do want it, they can go on the air and read to their hearts content.
They're there.
Well, I must say though, you do seem a lot happier since you've gone to the like the bathroom brigade humor.
You know, whatever makes you happy.
Well, what does that mean?
So in other words, that's a shot.
Is that what you're telling me?
Yeah, because it doesn't make a lot of your listeners happy because you know, it's just adolescent, frankly.
Yeah, well, you know what?
Have a nice life.
Okay.
Okay.
What a bitch.
What an absolute.
See you next time, honey.
See you next time.
Bitch.
It's adolescent.
I've been doing the show for a thousand years, honey.
And for seven months out of all that time, I did the bedtime stories.
It was an experiment because the phone calls sucked.
They weren't as entertaining as yours.
And guess what?
It didn't.
It went over like a goddamn lead balloon.
It went over like a pregnant pole vault around a hot day in July and Vegas.
And she's calling to share.
See, this is what I'm talking about in South Florida.
This is what they want to share as their discontent.
She's programming the show.
Well, blow it out your nasty smelly ass, honey.
That satisfactory that we go through all the work to put this stuff on the way.
She can read it on there.
No.
No, this is the show is just a backup to the internet.
Whatever it is, that means.
Back it up to the doors, sweetheart.
And we can all take turns jamming our foot in it.
How do you like that, bitch?
Wheat call.
Oh, no, seriously.
How do you like her?
Nasty, miserable, sour.
Okay?
The sour is mine.
God, that was despicable.
Stop being adolescent.
It's an entertainment show, honey.
Okay, it's entertainment.
It's kind of like since I stopped reading the bedtime stories,
that's when we started like all the other stuff I've been doing that for like a hundred years, okay?
Trying to entertain the public.
Give them a few laughs.
I'm not going to save the world.
You sound like you know that Georgian pop it over each, honey.
Maybe the two of you can allope.
Grope and allope.
Maybe that was him.
We're in the entertainment business.
We're in the entertainment business.
We want to be entertaining.
I'm using a little bit informative.
And I just got through talking about that very important story.
I squeezed in yesterday.
I read it a mile a minute, but it was an important story.
And I got it in there.
But I'm not going to see any more re-crap all day every day.
Read it on the internet.
Sit there and peruse it.
Take a peek at it.
And look at that.
We're under 50%.
Now it's down to 49.7%.
Does that mean we're going to alienate another over 50% of the audience?
No.
I don't think so.
See this way when you go to our website, it's sitting right there for you.
You can use it for whatever you want.
You can look at the bedtime stories.
You can read some of them or all of them.
You can look at the nasty pictures of all those poor wounded children.
You can read the poll result.
You can vote on the poll.
Maybe if you don't have AOL, you can look at the...
So a cutesy pictures of Moe and Geldy and the Beast and Clarence.
You can use it for whatever you like.
Use it and peruse it.
Or you lose it.
But we have a responsibility here.
They're paying some of us a lot of money here to entertain the public out there,
which means I don't need any directions from you, bitch.
Slut.
Oh, man.
I want to say that.
See you next time.
So bad.
You have no idea.
If you look it up in this year, her picture is next to it.
Well, turn the mic off real quick.
I don't need to.
1041.
Boy, what a sad.
Now, right off the bat, second call out of the box.
Was that the second or the first call?
That was the first call.
That was the first call of the day.
So once again, South Florida continues just sending their words,
just shoving it into you, man.
Then bother me.
What do you do, sound much happier?
Well, that's right.
I'm much happier in the audience,
as much bigger in everybody's happy.
We're getting a tremendous response on our website.
We don't find a problem at the moment, honey.
Other than the fact that you got a real nasty attitude,
that you suck, you suck heavy duty.
In fact, maybe the problem is you don't suck.
That's the problem.
What do you think?
Oh, let's take a poll on it.
Yeah, she needs a poll.
1042 at 560 WQM.
By now, you've been hearing about Lamin and Tsaruss
and how Lamin and Wood flooring from Lamin and Tsaruss
is the easy, the smart, the low maintenance alternative
to expensive natural wood flooring.
Lamin and Tsaruss is the best place to find laminated wood flooring
from Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Unifloor and Quickstep.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo Certified Instalers.
Here's another reason why you call Lamin and Tsaruss.
Their prices will floor you.
Right now, you can get there some special for just $1995.
That's correct.
Just $1995 from the 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
Unfreak and believable.
In Lamin and Tsaruss, we'll match any legitimate written offer too.
For a free and home estimate, call Lamin and Tsaruss toll free, 1-877-773336.
What could be easier?
Free corporate disposal, free furniture,
moving a 25-year warranty and years and years of beautiful easy care
laminated wood flooring.
So call Lamin and Tsaruss today.
Be sure and come that ancient nasty adolescent needle-thirty to call toll free,
1-877-773336.
My line local, your sports radio 560s, you a.m.
You born.
I had a chipmunk pay.
One day she flew away to Tijuana where the moon is blue.
The moon is blue.
But with our right wing censorship, there are words that must have slipped
Who do you tell you how I feel?
Parking.
That's me, flying.
Yes, oh!
Is this UK in Tijuana?
And I'll see you in Tijuana too.
We'll have a healthy CK, tell our irresistible stories day.
And the SCC won't let me sing this song.
I wrote today now if this CK, take her hand.
Tell me say that after this transmission I'll be out in 90 days old.
If you seek KU, you can see one eye.
Absolutely.
Then I'll see you in Tijuana.
Go, wanna go, but gotta see you in Tijuana too.
Please don't say the F word.
Wow, how about...
Please don't say the F word.
That's f***ing bitch.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60, 0, 80, and t.
I mean just do the math, honey.
That's one of everybody's favorite cliches.
Do the f***ing math.
I'm looking at the pool.
51.7% say, oh, it's important to keep those bedtime stories on air.
Absolutely.
Right, which is fine.
We, you know, enjoy it.
We have a good time doing it.
We're spreading some opinion out there.
We'd like to give the other side as opposed to the vast majority of the media in this country.
The right wing goofballs.
But that's 51%, which means that 48.3%.
Don't give a crap that much about it.
Now, can we afford to blow off half of this audience?
Just to make that bitch happy?
Because that's really what it boils down to.
Now, you gotta read those stories.
You're gonna say in the world, Neil.
That's what we all want.
Not this adolescent juvenile stuff that you seem to like.
Right out of the box, right from the get-go, right off the freaking bat.
Why do I, why do I even take women callers?
You know, we should just ban women from calling the show.
We don't get that many anyhow.
Right?
Yeah.
I mean, how do we, how many women call this show in a year?
About third, man.
Maybe if we're lucky.
Take out the ones that are calling freeloading.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Let me give you the categories of women callers.
Not that the men are like, you know, callers generally speaking to them.
I think a callers anyway.
But women callers are in three or four categories.
Number one, freeloaders.
Can I have the tickets?
Can I have the tickets?
Can I have free something?
Then you got the bilingualism crowd in South Florida.
Women call her.
Oh, yeah, absolutely.
Then we'd have one a year.
Absolutely.
Then we got the women like this bitch.
Everything has to be what she wants.
It's all gotta be heavy duty problem.
It's gotta be the Randy Rhodes.
I'm gonna save the world from itself off philosophy.
You know, that kind of crap.
Yeah, forget about that.
That's not what my audience wants.
I mean, if you open up a restaurant and 95% of your people want to have the cheeseburgers,
but you like spaghetti better and it come to find out that in your neighborhood,
nobody likes spaghetti and you are insist on force feeding them spaghetti instead of the cheeseburgers
that they want.
Guess what?
You're gonna go out of business.
You gotta give the public what they want, sweetheart.
Okay.
So I've repeated it many times.
Because I'm too worked up into a frenzy to read it right now and do it justice.
Because for justice, for justice, we must trace that call and go to her house and just beat the snot out of that bitch.
I mean, she's just nasty.
She's a nasty freaking bitch.
If you don't like the way the show is, then go away.
That's all very simple.
Have a nice life.
I don't wish you any ill.
I mean, if you have it, then trip and break your neck.
That's okay.
But I don't wish any harm or bad health.
That's not the way it works.
I see.
Change it for me.
So I gotta do what she wants.
There you go.
I gotta do it her way.
I gotta sit here and read ponderous, ponderous crap, hour after, hour after.
Like I started to say before you interrupted me.
No, I interrupted myself.
I couldn't believe the stack of crap you can only imagine.
I'd start the show with each day.
Just to make sure I didn't run out of course.
Then I had all the tabloids, the inquirer in the star, all of that stuff to try to lighten it up a little bit.
There's enough grief in the world.
Just ask Beener Boy, he'll tell you.
There's enough grief in the world already.
Without my sitting here and trying to get everybody depressed.
This this show, and that's the one thing, again, here I'm petting myself on the other shoulder.
I can't think of any other show ever on a radio, or they actually did both.
Or you could like try to entertain, do a, you know, I don't know what percentage.
Heavy percentage of comedy and a comedy bits and try to lighten it up.
And also try to pass along some worthwhile information.
Educate, entertain, whatever the hell it is we do.
Just a goddamn radio show, that's all.
Infotainment.
Infotainment, very good.
Not original, but very good.
No, I didn't say what.
Oh, now what is this that somebody just sent me?
Where did this come from?
Didn't come from you.
I am faxing anything.
I'm in the other level.
Extrans overview report.
Oh, I see.
See, this is all they care about at the WQAM.
Not how did we do.
It's not important that you succeed, but that your competitors fail.
WRFX.
And it's funny.
This is right on the heels of the interview they did with that obnoxious David Ross from
Cheap Channel a few days ago when I was down there.
I never got around to reading that.
Somebody faxed it to me.
About well, we found an opening there in the sports market.
And of course, they have a talent on it in midday who doesn't do a sports show.
WRFX in this last in May of 2003.
I want you to guess how many diaries reported WRFX.
I want you to guess the number.
I kind of already know.
Oh, that's right.
You faxed this to me?
No.
Oh.
The number starts with an engine.
0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.0.
Nice going, David Ross.
This to me is unprecedented.
You should have talked to cartwheels in the hall yesterday.
And again, keep in mind that Greg Reed had wild diarrhea for about two weeks when they first decided to turn that thing all sports.
See, all sports to begin with is a very, very, very narrow slice of the human pie out there.
Okay.
There's only a certain number of sports there that want to see LeBron James picking his crotch on an NCNBC.
Although they probably get aroused by, I don't know.
Clarence was all turned on by it.
WRFX.
I mean, they had, they had done the numbers they did before were 0.3.
Well, this is 12 plus.
This is the whole audience.
This is from birth to death.
They have nobody listening based on this May report from Arbatron.
Did my fax machine just get jammed up or something or what?
One moment, please.
I think there's more crap coming.
Yeah, I was sending more stuff over.
It's just, it's, it's getting the crap.
This, I would like to send this to PD Bulger, David Ross, Rana Fink, All You Assholes there at Cheap Channel, Lowry Maze, All You Geniuses, All You Rocket Scientists,
who thanks to your friends and thanks to your right wing friends in Washington are going to continue destroying this radio business that we used to know and love and enjoy.
They take 940 on the dial and I'll say it again.
I do have a bug up my ass because I used to work there.
In fact, Mo, let me reach down a grab it.
Oh, it's a bug.
It's moving.
940, WINZ used to be 50,000 watts in the middle of the dial.
Great frequency, great tradition, great history.
Once great ratings, once upon a time when some of us worked there.
And they've turned it into another sports nerd station that has no audience.
Not one diary, not a zero, zimperty, doodah.
How do you like that?
Stick it up your ass, David Ross, you jackass.
Nice work.
Another radio genius.
And this is what Michael Powell and his Republican colleagues on the FCC have done.
Or what they're trying to do.
All of the Senate's trying to block it.
Is give these people the opportunity to own more and more own newspapers.
Pretty soon they'll all, they can spew their right wing propaganda in every orifice in your body.
Because that's all you'll have.
If you put a goddamn piece of toast in your pop-up toaster, when it pops up, there'll be more right wing crap from Cheap Channel.
And nobody is buying it.
Nobody is eating it.
Nobody is touching it.
Nobody wants it.
That makes me very pleased.
1057 at 560 WQM.
You know, hurricane seasons here.
That's not too pleasing.
Before a storm hits, you always put up shutters to protect your windows and doors of your home.
But what about the roof of your house?
The so-may paint factory makes roof mastic.
A roof coating that can help you hurricane proof your roof.
So may's roof mastic saved hundreds of roofs during hurricane Andrew.
While unprotected roofs were peeding off and flying away right down the road.
So may also has waterproof coatings for every kind of roof ever made.
Call the so may paint factory at 305.
6333333.
The so may paint factories the oldest quality paint waterproof coating manufacturer in the entire state of Florida.
So may will save you money because they eliminate the middleman markups.
They sell to everybody at wholesale prices.
There are 60% lower than what you'd pay for the same national branded retail stores.
So protect your home and property from South Florida's brutal tropical climate with the best paints and waterproof coatings under the sun at the best prices too.
Call the so may SOMAY.
So may paint factory 305.
6333333.
You'll find them on web at somay.com.
You'll save a lot of cash, a crap load of money.
When you buy direct from the so may paint factory, tell them that old neal told you to call Adlesson Neal.
305.
6333333.
My life and look all 6s is 4356.
Way and way.
They're a bad bit.
Morpheus, Leo, Entry to the D.R. Bag.
In the next installment in the Matrix, the third prophecy.
In the third prophecy, the Oracle says.
This does Smith would have become...
...with...
...sit.
First there was the Matrix.
Then the Matrix reloaded.
Now Matrix Uncocked.
Directed by the former Larry Wachowski.
No, notice Debbie.
Coming soon to a theater.
At a dumpster near you.
M-02 at 560 WQM.
We got the mad dog at 2 this afternoon.
He got the Humper from 4.
Until 635.
Another heavy assignment for the Humper today.
Two and a half hours.
That's where we like it with the same pay.
Marlon's had 635.
They're 500 for L.B.
They've been fending up on the underlings on the Cellar Dwellers.
The Metz and Tampa Bay Devil Rays.
That's all they play every day.
They play at the Metz again tonight.
Who the hell knows?
Any camp to the baseball game in Joy Markov and I 2-5 AM.
When Howard comes in, picks some seeds.
Why would you fax me this story again about Craig Stevens, the Paper Boy Channel 7.
But I just read it the other day.
I didn't.
You didn't?
Oh, another of your facts in the stories now?
He's in there using your computer.
Don't be faxing me stuff that I already had on here.
Don't let him listen.
Just control his keeping limited.
Keep him from doing it.
Keep him very tight leash.
I keep telling you that for three weeks.
Keep him on a tight leash.
You refuse to do it.
I doesn't take that call online for it.
We had a whole bunch of calls on here.
And then they all vanished.
This show is so important.
We're going to save the world with it.
They just ran away.
What's going to be good?
This call is going to be good.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil, I got good news.
Some call-insure retire from Craig.
Good.
Okay.
Goodbye.
That's the same guy that calls online.
At least he called on for today.
Why?
You know, this asshole, the one he also not only called twice yesterday,
but faxed as well.
This business, but we really love your show.
That's why we want to work contribute.
You have nothing to contribute.
You only got one of his faxes, by the way.
I beg your pardon.
You only got one of his faxes.
I see.
If you like to show, listen.
Okay. Do what most everybody else says.
Don't call. They don't call.
I have no calls right now.
No. By the way, we'll do screenless today.
Sooner have to answer the phone.
I don't want you to.
Well, I don't want you having to answer the phone in there.
We'll look at all the great calls we get on screenless.
We get to talk to a lot more people.
They're busy. They don't have time to sit on hold in a goddamn heat.
They're busy sitting out of the air condition.
I try to get their breath back.
Try not to suffocate.
I'm a good one to talk, man.
95 today in a smog alert.
I don't know. A little toasty these next two days.
34 tomorrow, which is, I think, about like 94.
But then back to 77 on Friday.
Oh, here in Tio, we got you beat.
It's raining, flaming meteors today.
Again? Well, not yet.
Oh, but it will be. It'll be pouring cats and dogs.
You'll see.
So here's how we want you to do the show.
See, it's the same thing with these chronics.
Don't make up as we go along.
It's the near-roger show. We decide.
Me, George, be your boy. We decide what we're going to be doing on the show.
We don't do it for the chronics. We don't need your input like 80 times today.
If you're that much of a group, we sit back. Do what we want you to do.
Don't worry. We ask you to listen.
Listen and enjoy it. Squeeze yourself. Have a great time.
Squeeze your girlfriend, your boyfriend, whatever. That's it.
But don't try to inflict, I mean, every one of the chronics has always been the deal.
That that missfit from forcing Lucy, all of them.
Oh, but you're like turning on us. We love you so so.
Fine. Just leave us alone. That's all we ask. Don't be chronic. Don't be obnoxious.
Oh, but we like you so much.
Stalkers. That's what most of those people are.
They're like you. Stalkers. Huh?
Phone stalkers. Facts. Stockers.
SIT is what they are. Stalkers and training.
Now, how would Brian Murray's pronounce that? SIT? W-Q-I-M?
Yeah. I'd like to speak with George Orniel.
Okay. Is this George?
Or Neil. This is George Orniel.
I have a question for you. I don't know if you guys want to put it in there or not.
It's been driving me bad when you guys were discussing movies.
Yeah. And once upon a time in America, what the hell is the ending?
If we knew the answer to that, we wouldn't be sitting here. We'd be billionaires.
God, nobody really knows.
Now, well, I mean, you do. You don't know that James Woods got chopped up in the garbage truck.
Right. That was a waste of that. That was a dumpster too.
Yeah. Right. Does that have special tonight to go on Denero?
Some kind of award they gave him? Right.
And every co star that in the movie and each movie that had a little vignette on it.
And they did want to come in America.
America's one is whatever. And I'm a foreigner just like you.
I know. That's just like me.
Then what you're going to call it. And I was just curious if anyone knew exactly what that was.
I'm glad you reminded me because a couple of weeks ago, the director's cut the un whatever it is.
The DVD came out and I forgot about that. So I have to pick it up today.
I mean, it was a great movie. Be sure to the girl. I never ate. She always looks the same.
She's supposed to be 50 years old. Right. The ending was bizarre.
Anyway, Neil, keep up the show and do it anyway. You can well please.
Thanks a lot, Pali. Yeah. I'm going to watch the unended version.
The one that lasts about seven or eight hours. Oh, God.
And see what if I can figure it out? It's just I don't know. Yeah.
I mean, if you see, I one thing I've learned is that if you're going to ask what is this movie all about?
You're in for a lot of trouble. It's like Magnolia. Magnolia. What's it all about?
Well, I mean that song is basically the essence. Oh, what did I do with those CDs?
But CDs, those butt CDs. I think they're in Howard's.
I don't yes me. Absolutely. It's pretty CD. Hey, Howard went it out. Pick some out.
All the crap you can unwrap.
Yeah, you know, I thought you said there was any more of this stuff.
Bonerboy was that another crappy or faxing me that you were babbling about?
Because this didn't come from you anyway. Those the only sheep. Those the sheep clearance gave me.
Oh, he gave you this. Yeah. Oh my God. Clarence gave in this. So in other words,
Clarence being the sports nerd. See, this ends the debate.
George already knew this. You had the right answer.
He doesn't need sex. His life is sports. That's it. He's a sports nerd.
Sports. Yeah. When a hurricane's win, whether it's football, baseball, he scored
score in his pants. Okay. He has he has an orgasm in his pants.
That's why he wears that rubber underwear.
Oh, it's kind of hot this time. Seriously, because he does a lot of that every time the dolphins win.
Sports. Where you go? Oh, Clarence just, you know, he ejaculated six times it in the fourth quarter in his pants.
Because that's it. That's his life is a silly person.
I like him. He's a good guy and it is payday.
So let's check better be there in my box.
But other than that. So what does he fax one sheet from this, which is this is an extrapolation of the
arbitrarian, the trend rating that came in yesterday, which we suck win.
But WRFX like I said, not important that we did well, but that they completely fall on their ass and they did.
You can just see Greg and Clarence running around on the hallway arm and arm, you know.
You should have seen it. I'm sure of it. I'm positive.
I don't have to be there to see it. I'm they weren't running.
They were doing hand springs and cartwheels.
I mean, actually when you look back to the winner book and you look to March, I mean, how much do they
had day parts where they had zero like March, seven to midnight, they had zero.
And we're talking about persons 12 plus, which is the whole audience.
We're not talking about some neuro demographic.
We're not talking about 18 to 34 year old women who wouldn't listen to a sports station anyway.
We're talking about the entire audience 12 to a million.
Even the morning show.
Even at highly talented morning show.
Even with all our help.
Even the one that the crow is on now has got a big fat zero.
That's a zero point.
Oh, oh.
Not a thing. I have never seen that in my life in the history of my freaking life.
I've never heard of such a thing.
Right. Maybe on some of these like a penny, any Haitian broker.
I mean, keep in mind they give up thousands of diaries.
So I mean, even if you suck wind, even if everybody hates your station just by us most of some schmuckers going to say,
Oh, I listen to Fox Sports. I listen to that.
What?
None.
Zero.
A clean sheet.
That is just I'm saving it.
I'm putting that right on top of the thing.
It's got Moses home address on it.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon.
I don't forget our big one to two hour today.
We look forward to it every Wednesday.
And we took a poll on that too.
And you know, it was men's amenza.
Come see come saw.
We're doing okay with it.
I like it.
The audience seems to enjoy it.
I like it.
I like it.
I was given the chance to listen to all tapes of ball games.
WQAM.
Nobody there.
Inpatient man.
Bad sign.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Oh, you great.
How are you?
If the Bushmeister came on and admitted that he was a face man for tanky wanky and foul
well and admitted that he was in the pocket of insurance companies.
His approval rating was still be 68%.
Thanks.
And yeah, what would happen in middle America was they care if he admitted that he's
being done for stuff for the war.
No.
It wouldn't even care.
I don't understand it.
I can't fathom it.
In fact, one of the most grotesque stories was either what we had it on yesterday or we
got it on today about the pool, about going to war in Iran.
It's 56 to 38% Americans are in favor of going toward Iran.
If that's what here it is, majority backs use of force in Iran.
56 to 38.
The public endorses the use of military to block Iran from developing nuclear weapons.
They've already basically told us they lied through their teeth.
There were no weapons of mass destruction in Iraq.
Now they're singing a song about, oh Iran is trying to acquire nuclear weapons.
And 56% still believe it?
They can come on and, like I said, they can come on and admit.
We don't have anything but we just want to do it.
And it wouldn't matter if these were right.
And the other thing is they keep talking about well, well, well, well, well,
if the bomb is so important to find them, well, Rudolf had to walk up to a garbage can
and let's align it for them to find them.
And they didn't even find them.
It was some Barney Fist guy that found them.
That is correct.
Hey, listen, what about the Ted Kaczynski?
If it wouldn't have been for his brother, if it wouldn't have been for that,
and that letter in the New York Times, they never would have found him.
Yeah, but they keep talking about, oh, well, when we capture all the deck of cards,
we're going to have all these people confessing about everything.
You know, as they keep moving the ball, because they said, well, we have all the people in the scientist's talk,
then we're going to know what the weapon is in the destruction of them.
And all the people are.
And me want to have all these people, at least the majority of them.
And nobody is apparently said anything.
Yeah.
So, you know, they know they're totally incompetent.
It's just, you know, the people just don't think in this country.
They don't get a crap.
They're busy waiting for a American Idol and, you know, who's going to go to the end of the ballgame?
Have a great day, Polly.
Thank you.
See, he's forgot his thumb right on him, man.
56-38.
This is the latest pool.
Just came out, Washington Post, ABC News Pool.
Back, the government going into Iran, if that's what it takes to keep Iran from developing nuclear arms.
Oh, my God.
What, this guy's got his thumb right on it.
What does it take to convince the American public?
Because they're stupid, you know, most people are stupid.
Iran, Iraq, Syria, they wouldn't know where to find him on a, you know,
they've got to get a search party, they've got to get a motor stick his hand in it.
See, if he can find it.
Maybe that's what he's looking for.
Maybe he's looking for those weapons of ass destruction.
You think?
56-70560.
How is the pool coming?
We need 50% voter boy or your efforts are going to be, that would be a real shot in the head.
Wouldn't you take that personal?
Very.
I would. I'd be offended and wounded after all the hours that I've spent digging out those sea stories.
314 votes.
Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Yes, it's important.
167.53.1%.
Keep your eye on the percentage.
That's the key.
That's the story.
I'd rather see more naked pictures.
68.
I rarely read them.
25.
I don't need it.
I read lots of news websites.
23.
Well, good for you.
Excuse us.
I only care about the pool 20, and I mostly care about the goofy stuff, 11.
Goofy.
Which is 3.5%.
So if that bitch's a call before, only 3.5% of our audience is like totally goofy, okay?
They're not articulate and aridite like you are, bitch.
1114.560.
WDQN.
Hey, if you're in a dead end job, maybe college is too expensive for you.
Don't have the cash.
And plus it takes too long anyway to get your life started.
If you can afford $10 a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months,
our friends at FastRank can really help you achieve a brand new, high-paying computer career.
In other words, they can help you get a life.
That's right.
Just $10 a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals of qualify.
Call them today and get all the information on how they can give you like a big fat paycheck.
Call 1-866 FastRain.
With four locations in town, there's about to be one nearby.
You call them at 1-866 FastRain.
Talk with the train career counselor.
They offer you a day evening and weekend schedules.
Job placement hands-on training.
Pick up that instrument right now.
When you do call, be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call.
They'll get a real chuckle out of that.
1-866 FastRain.
FastRain's deferred payment is valid for a year.
Regular payments apply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody an underpaid dead end job
or just looking to increase your net worth.
Call FastRain 1-866 FastRain or check them out of that worldwide wicked web at fastrain.com.
My, and local, this is Fort Radio 560.
You ain't too way, yeah.
Neil Rogers on 560 Q8M.
Hey, there we go.
Hey, y'all, my name is Clans, from Eugene Thomas.
Friends of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court.
And you know, there's lots of people that I dare to think just because I smoked a little
marijuana when I was in college.
Well, it wasn't that bad.
I can't enjoy it.
Yeah, maybe it's a cigar, I know, remember, y'all.
Did they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court?
Yeah, I got it much easier.
Let's do this quick and get out of here.
I want to sit y'all straight.
When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law.
There you are.
I've been talking.
And I talk it to the East.
I don't talk it to the West.
I get out of Tokyo's body.
Look up, San Daniel.
Kinda as best.
I'll be talking.
Let's go bird one, y'all.
So, Marine Dowd writes in today's New York Times.
Here you go, honey.
Here's the bedtime story.
Now, you know she's still listening, right?
Oh, yeah.
She's got that thing cranked up real, real loud.
In fact, she's probably got the radio right between her knees now.
Marine Dowd, one of my very favorites, writes, could Thomas be right, speaking of Clarence Thomas?
She says, what a cunning man Clarence Thomas is.
He knew that he couldn't make a powerful legal argument against racial preferences, given the fact that he got into the Yale Law School and got picked for the Supreme Court thanks to his race.
So, he made a powerful psychological argument against what the British call positive discrimination known here as affirmative action.
Just as Thomas is dissent in the five-of-four decision preserving affirmative action in university admissions has persuaded me that affirmative action is not the way to go.
The dissent is a clinical study of a man who's been driven barking mad by the beneficial treatment that he's received.
It's ployant, really.
It makes him crazy that people think he is where he is because of his race, but he is where he is because of his race.
Other justices rely on clerks and legal footnotes to help with their opinions.
Just as Thomas relies on his id, turning an opinion into unrace into a therapeutic outburst.
In his dissent, he's snagly dismisses the University of Michigan's Law School's desire to see minority faces in the mix as racial aesthetics, given the effort to balance bigotry in social and the moral weight of a Bennett and Add.
The phrase racial aesthetics would be more appropriately applied to W. is nominating convention in Philadelphia when the Republicans put on a minstrel show for the white fat cats in the audience.
Just as Thomas scorns affirmative action is a fattish slogan of the cognizent thee.
Quoting Frederick Douglass on the Negro 140 years ago here just, all I ask is give him a chance to stand on his own legs, let him alone.
Your interference is doing in positive injury.
He is at the pinnacle in African-American who succeeded in getting past the Anita Hill sexual harassment scandal by playing the race card, calling him hearing a high-tech lynching, and who got a million and a half dollars advanced to write his African-American Horatio Aldristory from pinpoint to points after.
So why despite his racial blessings as he comes across as an angry bitter self-pitting victim?
It's impossible not to be disgusted at someone who could benefit so much from affirmative action and then pull up the latter after himself, so maybe he's disgusted with his own great historic ingratitude.
When he switched from a Democrat to a conservative as a young man, he knew that he'd be a hotter commodity in politics.
But he also knew that he would bring him the scorn of blacks who deemed him as a pawn of the white establishment.
People like Justice Thurgood Marshall, the ridicule Clarence Thomas, and others as God damn black sellouts for benefiting from affirmative action and then denigrating it.
As Jill Abramson and Jane Meyer writes in Strange Justice, Mr. Thomas himself complained in 1987 in a speech that, to one acceptance in conservative ranks, a black was required to become a caricature of sorts.
Providing side-shows of anti-black quips and attacks, just as blonde conservative pundits flashed long legs and sneer at feminism.
When the 43-year-old was nominated by Bush 41 with the preposterous claim that he was the best qualified man for the job, GOP strategist diverted attention away from the judges scant credentials and controversial record by pushing his inspiring life story, grandson of a sharecropper and son of a Georgia woman who picked the meat out of Crabshills.
But it's as if Justice Thomas has been swallowed by his own personal grandma, just as Bob Dull and Bob Kerry were swallowed by the gripping personal dramas on the presidential campaign trail.
Mr. Thomas is so blinded by his own autobiography, he can no longer focus on bigger issues of morality and justice, having used his personal story to get on the court, he's now left to worry that his success is not personal enough.
President Bush, the Yale Legacy who also distains affirmative action, is playing affirmative action politics in the preliminary vetting of a prospective Supreme Court nominee, Alberto Gonzalez.
No doubt Bush 43 will call Mr. Gonzalez the best qualified man for the job, rather than the one best qualified to help harvest the 2004 Hispanic vote.
President Bush and Justice Thomas have brought me around, I don't want affirmative action, I want whatever they got.
That's what Marine Dowd said in today's New York Times, stick that in your pipe and smoke it okay, put that in your account and pull it out Mo.
Okay, absolutely good. Hope you enjoy it. You know, most slogan all the crap you can unwrap.
That's it. Isn't that a great line at last time in that story?
President Bush and Justice Thomas have brought me around, I don't want affirmative action, I want whatever they got.
Oh, what a great line, Marine, she's the best.
See, there's another thing about that, butch step called and got us off to a really sour start today.
I'd rather hear the retire, I'd rather hear that guy, you know, at least he's almost I'm not amusing, but yeah, I don't know there's something about him.
Oh, I think that's him now. He's had him online six.
Retire line, hello.
Brilliant article by Marine Dowd, she's great.
She's a great writer and hits everything right on. Excuse me the head.
Two things, first of all, I just recently got done reading blinded by the right, enlightening and disturbing all rolled up into one.
Second thing is, I don't know if you discuss this already, if I'm rehashing, I apologize.
I'm keeping my speaking of blinded by the right, keep in mind that now that David Brock is a senior way, at least we can sleep easy at night knowing that there's always a misgrudge there to replace him.
Oh, absolutely, which is even more disturbing than I know.
Step into the reach.
The whole incident yesterday in Good Morning America with Ann Coulter.
Did you hear him? I didn't hear about it.
Oh, yeah, apparently she got up there. Diane Sawyer was interviewing her because Ann Coulter wrote a new book which apparently she goes out of her way to commend Joe McCarthy and talk about how he was just absolutely right in doing what he did.
Lovely.
But nevertheless Diane Sawyer said something to her about the fact that you're going to be going head to head on the bestseller list with Hillary Clinton and Coulter said, I hope so.
She said, I'm going to win because I have a, or she has a three to one pound advantage over me.
And normally Sawyer is pretty unflappable and she said, what did you say? What I think you just said?
And basically sat there and called her fat and pissed off a lot of fat-winter viewers to the show.
And somebody even wrote in, I'm reading this off the MSNBC's website actually, that somebody wrote in and said that Ann Coulter is appearing on the view today and let's just see if she makes that come in from the start.
Oh, yeah. Well, Tabiela, she got up and beat the crap out of her soul.
And you know what?
As much as I can't stand Star Jones, I would actually tune in to see that happen.
I'd pay money to watch her lay that bitch out.
Oh, that makes do with us. That's it.
Thanks a lot, pal. I already see you.
Excellent call. How do you like that?
Oh, so there you go. On one hand, we had a good call with a guy like, you know, he didn't carry on for a long period of time.
He said his piece of the year got out of here and something to say.
As opposed to the other bitch, you didn't really have anything to say other than to tell me how to do the show.
We don't take instructions on how to do the program.
If you like it, listen, suck it up. The price is right. It's free.
If you don't like it, have a great life. We wish you nothing but the best.
Maybe a couple of car wrecks along the way. Nothing serious, but that's it.
And if you want to listen once in a while, guess what? That's up to you. That's fine.
That's fine. Whatever makes you happy.
Okay. I realize that's probably silly talking South Florida.
But whatever makes you reasonably happy, everything being relative the way it is.
See what I'm saying? What a great deal.
Good.
Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on his website?
We're asking on neo-rojures.com today.
We're getting a spectacular response.
359 votes already. Absolutely. Yes. Important.
Absolutely.
190. 52.9%.
I'd rather see more naked pictures, 81.
I rarely read them, 28.
I don't need it. I read lots of news websites, 25.
I only care about the pool, 22.
I mostly care about the goofy stuff, 13.
See, I like to respect the people who say they only care about the goofy stuff more than those.
Oh, I don't need that. I read lots of news websites. I'm more...
I mean, I put it on there because I knew it would get votes, you know.
Sure.
Because it gives them a chance to give us a stoch, a little twist in the back.
Stick it in there and twist it. And the knife, too.
11.27 at 5.60. Here's something you ought to stick in your mouth.
No, not that. We're talking about Oliomet.
Oliomet itself tells us contain the finest olive oil on this planet, maybe in the universe.
Super concentrated, a little with health benefits for you.
Oliomet every day can reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol and lots of other bad things, too.
And the good news is now there are 14 different Oliomet formers you can choose from.
Each one combining the finest olive oil with vitamins, minerals, herbals to support specific needs.
From your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system.
I'm taking a blood pressure Oliomet every single day my pressure is better than has been in years.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you.
And now there are three new Oliomet formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control that, disgusting girth and sell Q10 for your heart.
Pick up some Oliomet. Just what you're up to in shopping.
Just to keep it in mind, pick it up at publics, records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's and Sadanos.
If you like you can order it online.
Oliometamerica.com is their website or if you want more info on this to spend this product.
And what they can do for you, column tool for you at 1-866 Oliomet.
That's 1-866-6536-333. Pick some Oliomet up today and start profiting in your mouth for really better health.
Find a local, this is 566. The radio's on your phone.
Q10.
And cultured is a party girl's butt. Party girl's butt. Party girl's butt.
Absolutely.
A more or less monster. A good girl who wants to be a media home.
Proversed on top quiver. You want power? On this lady? Is what I'll give you?
She's got a book to read about slanderring. Nobody knows more about slanderring out.
With a big scoop of mouth and it won't do the left of mangola. Such a good Christian girl.
You want to strangle her. Fontificating who she's dating.
Political pun. The fontificating. Scrub on the floor. And masturbating.
Overpublic and skanky home. She's a better-own-listen mole.
Plaking liberal and dirty one, you know. In a mini-starcho and camel toe.
And cultured knows what take to be. In a mini skirt that smells fishy.
She's a tall drink of water on the side of a large rarer with a back alley hook.
If you like your broad collar. If you got some money she'll spread those names with a cigarette and a shark name.
And cultured and children. Millennial pundits. The angel of the rock.
The TV. The fucking bitch.
1134-26-2-0 at 560 WDQAM.
378 votes on a poll. 52.6% said they want us to condend those bedtime stories on a website.
Absolutely. See, one of the great things on a website. I know this comes as really being revolutionary.
Like to that bitch that was their first caller of the day. They got me really parked off a little bit.
Comes as a shock to her. But you can read whatever you want on there.
Isn't that amazing? Right? Get out.
You can take a look at the poll. You can vote. I said this before. But I'll see it again.
You can pick and choose whatever makes you happy.
You mean what every way you want to sit there and stare at that picture of clearance and right.
And the beast all day, which amuses the hell out of me.
However, Lucienery, we could have naked pictures, goofy crap and stories.
And the parents, by the way, this morning made a declaration. He actually booked up a little bit.
He said that he and the beast are going to do it like, you know, on stage. He will be on top.
He said he just can't envision the beast being on top of him.
It's a matter of physics. How about side by each?
I got another great bedtime story. Can you believe that?
Because I have no code. Actually, I do have calls. I'm going to read this one anyway.
I want to read this. Good. This is the see there. You go again.
Oh, sir. If I listen to you, we blow off half of the audience. See it.
I agree with you. I agree with you. It's better stuff than my call.
Come on. I'll admit. I'm so tired. I like it. But yeah.
But we're here to like get and find a way, Clarence.
Since you're so whipped up into a frenzy and you're squeezing your little tiny penis all about Fox News,
didn't have it in him. And you've got the X-Trandex compilation.
Or how come we can't have some stuff about our station?
Wouldn't that be nice? That might be useful to us and give us a, you know, we went down QAM in this trend.
I mean, I realized it was a heavy, spowage for a month.
Okay. Big deal. But nevertheless, we went down.
I mean, when Howard Spurm goes down a month and a half, he realized that our kind of radio is there to it.
And when the other sports station gets no diaries, it wasn't in the cards for us to do well that month.
But instead of reveling so much in the other guy had no diaries, how about taking a look what we did, Clarence?
Huh? I just mentioned that in passing.
Why you're squeezing yourself looking at that picture of you in the beast on the website. It is a lovely, yeah.
And speaking of that, when do we go to get the other one, a colorful one up being a brother under a lot of stress?
The wedding picture. Don't go piling down.
Why not? Why not pile it on?
Absolutely.
John Moyers is editor in chief of Tompaine.com and writes, oh, I'm going to squeeze myself on I read these words.
George W. Bush is a liar. I said it the L word someone in Washington had to.
Thanks to AWOL WMD, people all across America have the L word on their lips, but here in DC it's still a hard one to mouth.
Few Washington based commentators and fewer politicians have done so.
On Sunday, June 22, the New York Times had a chance to be the first big league outfit to say it plainly, but the headline on Washington based reporter David E. Rosenbaum's story, Bush may have exaggerated, but did he lie, was a tip that the story would pull up short.
Rosenbaum considered a narrow question, whether Mr. Bush has told any neat, tidy, obvious lies and concluded he has not a couple of hives and distorsions, maybe, but no lies.
Whether the president twisted intelligence on WMD can probably be answered conclusively only by historians when all the evidence and consequences are known, Rosenbaum wrote, so our kids get to pay the net of our imperial aspirations and our tax breaks, and someday they'll be the first to know how it all happened.
Great.
Distance seems to make criticism easier. The Times Princeton based columnist Paul Krugman has written that the administration systematically and brazenly distorts the facts and is choosing and exaggerating intelligence and misleading the public, close but still no L word.
Boston based Wiggymurvers Pitt isn't dotted. The administration lied us into a war rights, the high school teacher whom moonlights his a columnist for truth out.org, trust a teacher on this we can spot liars who haven't done their homework a mile away.
A full page add in the New York Times last week by move on.org and win without war groups with members across the nation, put it plainly and hoisted the president on his own pointed WMD words of mass distortion.
Under the headline mislead the add stack of five of Mr. Bush's P-war woppers and noted it will be a tragedy if young men and women were sent to die for a lie.
Full disclosure, Tompane.com like the add so much we paid to run it this week in the weekly standard.
Harley Sorenson writing on sfgate.com gets the prize for directness. Why mince words? These are the facts.
President George W. Bush's a liar to secretary of state colon Powell is a liar three secretary of defense Donald Rumsfeld is a liar four national security adviser, com to lease a rice is a liar, no missing there.
So the word is out there in different forms lies lies lying liar when will Mr. Bush petered of opponents in the government of Democrats decide it's time to tell it like it is.
Democrats have accused the president of a pattern of deception and deceit Senator Bob Graham said he's not been entirely truthful, Howard Dean and led us to war based on unfounded assertions representative Dennis Kassinich strong stuff that still no ill word.
Opposition worthy of the name would push the GOP control House and Senate hearings beyond the question of what the intelligence community knew about WMD where it seems stalled.
Senator J Rockefeller the ranking Democrat on the Senate intelligence committee could invoke committee rules that would allow his minority party to launch a full investigation, but he won't reportedly for fear of being seen as partisan.
If this isn't the time for partisanship after while we're talking about manipulations that led the nation into war, what is Rockefeller's timidity is allowing committee Republicans to cover what looks more every day like a lie of literally global magnitude.
Perhaps Democrats feared the day when WMD are found and they will be found by hooker crook, but they needn't worry even if his leading the nation to war weren't an issue Mr. Bush's record is full of lies.
The president says he supports our troops, but he proposed cutting veterans benefits and side-step to law meant to protect the health of soldiers headed for combat. His leave no child behind pledges of fraud.
He's vastly underfunded his own education plan and he signed the recent tax believe in after GOP minion sneakily removed provisions benefiting low income families.
Mr. Bush says he's compassionate conservative, but only a hard-hearted radical would push his Robin Hood and reverse tax policies.
He says he wants to expand national service programs, but he's presiding over a huge cut in AmeriCorps programs.
Candidate Bush promised to be a unitered out of the divider, but his foreign policies have profoundly divided the international community, isolated America and divided her stock in the eyes of the world.
Mr. Bush's administration is built on lies, which means the granddaddy of them all is promised to restore honor and integrity of the Oval Office.
Presidential brain Carl Rove must be worried. Rove knows that any president's popularity rests more on whether voters think he's a believable and admirable leader than on the substance of issues.
George W. Bush has that going for him. People might not like his policies if they understand them at all, but they like his swagger and certitude they trust him to do what he says.
But that trust could crumble if questions linger about whether the White House deceived us into war.
Few of the president's allies could or would defend that even GOP TV, aka Fox News, would have trouble explaining away that one.
Outstanding article by John Moore is editor-in-chief of TomPayne.com.
Oh! Nice reading, Neil. Thank you.
Excellent. I like that. I looked at a lot.
See, that bitch she thinks I want to be the victor Borga of Taukshow hosts.
Sade? No, that was a senior win. No victor Borga was the one always was threatening to play the piano and he played a couple of notes and would never play it.
Even though we could do it very well. She thinks I'm going to threaten to read the bed. I'll read whatever once I want to.
How do you like that, honey? When and if and how I feel like it?
Because last time I checked it with the Neil Rogers show, not some sour miserable humorless bitch show.
Why is that? I've asked that so many years. Why isn't that the women of South Florida? Maybe it's just women in general in the US anyway.
How much time are you giving me? Are so upright and have no sense of humor.
Maybe they're too busy watching Jerry Springer, something intellectual like that, or Judge Judy.
Maybe they're doing their duty in watching Judge Judy.
While Moe is picking his duty.
19 till noon at 5.60, don't forget it's Wednesday. That means that gigantic all-comative hits won the two hours because we're adolescent and juvenile on this radio station.
We're proud of it. How do you like that?
We can actually pass along some useful information and also have a goofy time and get a few laughs and do a whole bunch of things.
Maybe squeeze ourselves once or twice too. Women in South Florida man get a life, get a life, get a sense of humor, lighten up a little bit, okay?
You miserable, but boy, if we were talking about bilingualism and those nasty Cubans are about alien or about hanging chads, man, they'd be calling in like crazy.
Be keep ony.
Women who haven't even been born yet would be calling this show.
And we already know that happens because we've experienced it. We've been there, done that.
1142, if you've been there and done that on all the other diets, if you've tried every single dieting plan of the program and under the sun and they still have a work for it, if you're still fat, if you're frustrated, if you're nauseous from just being so damn big.
Balance for life is something you really ought to try because for so many people out there, it works.
And the reason it works is because it's based on the zone diet and because even the simplest of simple things out there don't have to figure out anything.
There's no calorie counting or carbohydrate counting, no cooking, no shopping even, no cleaning, no worries, just great results.
Balance for life does it for you because they deliver right here dough by six o'clock in the morning every day a little black sack.
In that sack, three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, they're all in there, all the food you need for the day.
Nothing pre-fat, no little teeny tiny portions, everything is made with the freshest, the best, the finest ingredients under the sun.
So get with the real weight loss program, not some drastic crazy diet regimen that leaves you starving.
This will keep you satisfied and full and happy all day long. The only choice you have to make is filling out that menu.
And you pick between two choices for each meal every day that's run a program, they do all the rest of the work including delivering them right to your door.
So if you're tired of being overweight out of shape lethargic diabetic run a verge of diabetes let balance for life take care that dieting once and for all.
Call them today, 954-568-3229. 954-568-3229 or get more details about what they can do for you on their website balanceforlife.com.
We're supporting you, 560-U-A-A.
Oh no.
Oh fat ass roly please go away. Find a new way to attack a big go home and eat your whole holes.
Till you explode just like your fat fat churned in ladies have to bite your seats on a plane.
Spending your fingers dead of yellow stain from sea to fancy your toes.
After piggy poo knows how to be fat disgusting and tasty.
You make the childhood women smile. They like a cow who's spandid sassy.
Think smelly fat story, pulse of in vile. Your body cheese smells like a crap butt.
After it was occupied by head has learned to chew on to get into your car.
I'm not sure to got them why.
I can squeal, I can squeal, I can squeal fat lady.
You're living with your loverless being.
Slavering and starting the tree between her and me.
As potato yeast smells reaching to me.
Lappin' of a tune and that's moist and tasty.
Answering my old question I'll give you two names.
What's wrong with women of America? Rosie O'Donnell and Oprah Winfrey.
That's all I need to say. Answering my own question.
Breaking news. Okay. Hamas, Islamic Jihad and Fatah have reached a tentative dealer agreed not to attack Israel for three months.
So now the ball is in fat Ariel Sharon's court. Let's see how quick we get those settlements dispatched.
You see what they were like trying to dispand at one small settlement.
Right. We can.
And what these elders were like throwing rocks and firing at the Israeli and they just haven't nervous break up.
It was not leaving here. It was one trailer and three barbers.
Question man, talk us man. We're not leaving here.
So now that it's pretty interesting thing because we got the barbarians who do they blow up in your face routine.
And they're agreed three months. They're not going to attack Israel.
So now let's see they've put the like I said the burden on his big fat disgusting shoulders.
And we'll see how that we really care.
Look at that phone. Are we smoking? They were doing screenless right now.
There isn't a call on the board. Boy, this is really sad commentary and.
And look at that result on the website on a poll.
Let me look under 52% now. Should you keep posting the bedtime stories on the website now?
Now that I read a couple of them, I guess they don't like them.
That's down to 51.7%.
Because we got 21.8% say I'd rather see more naked pictures on there.
A lot of nudity, baby.
I rarely read them.
Seven and a half percent. I only care about the poll.
7.1%. I don't need that. I read all kinds of all news websites.
7.1%. I mostly care about the goofy stuff. 4.6%.
5.6%. Oh, here we go.
Maybe there might be actually somebody on here. You never know.
WQ I am.
Yeah, I want to talk to him.
Speaking.
Hey. Yeah.
Luka.
Hello. Let's go to Buka.
Yes, sir. Yes, speaking to me.
So you don't wish to run. You don't like bush.
You don't like Tony Blair.
And I don't like you. How do you like that? It's a clean sweep.
5.6.7. 05.60.
5.6.8. Did I mention anything about Tony Blair?
Although I don't like him.
But I mentioned anything about him here. No.
In other words, I don't agree with you and I express my opinion.
How do you like that? Asshole.
Okay. But I'm expressing my opinion.
I'm not a goose stepper. I'm not stepping in a line.
And I'm also when I read these bedtime stories,
reading the opinions of many, many other people, not just yours truly,
who are offended and that's find it obnoxious.
As a matter of fact, speaking of Ariel Shiro and I wasn't even going to dig into this.
This is when it was on our website the other day.
Howard was digging into it this morning.
Rack them.
All the crap you could unwrap.
Netanyahu says Iraq is really oil line.
We'll open a near future. Remember we had that right on the heels of the initiation of this so-called a rac attack?
Yes, you did.
Israeli finance minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
Boy!
Another one I don't like, by the way, add that to your list, sir.
Another right wing zealot.
Said he expected an oil pipeline from Iraq to Israel to be reopened in the near future after being closed when Israel became a state in 1948.
It won't be long when you'll see the Iraqi oil flowing to Haifa,
the port city in north of Israel Netanyahu told a group of British investors,
declining to give a timetable.
It's just a matter of time until the pipeline is reconstituted and Iraqi oil will flow into the Mediterranean,
which is exactly the story that we had back at the time.
One of the reasons why we went in there fought this bogus war against nobody, basically.
And why people are still dying there every day.
Our people and the Brit people.
567-0-0, so you don't like this one.
You're a moron, sir. You're an imbecile, okay? Don't confuse you with the facts.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hi Neil, how are you doing today?
Okay, sir.
I got a little bit of a breaking news for you.
Breaking news. Wait a minute. Here we go.
As I was flipping it in my cable, too, I came across C-SPAN
where they were debating and approved a congressional medal of honor for Tony Blair for his unwavering support of the United States.
Great. Isn't that something?
Boring. It's incredible.
Yeah. Anyway, I just thought you might like to know.
Thanks for the bad news, Paddy. It's spoiled my day. Thank you.
If you don't like Tony Blair, no, I don't know, because he's a sell-out.
Because I'm sure that there must be naked pictures of him in Prince Charles or something, or a big bag of money.
Or maybe just a big sack of cash that might be it for just a sack of crap.
50, a 1.7% on those bedtime stories, Carlos. Don't work too feverishly on there now, because if it drops under 50%, we're just, we may be allowed.
We may be allowed on a whole thing here. It's a lot of work, especially for Carlos whose whole life is a lot of work.
Getting out of bed in the morning is a lot of work.
Getting to work is like an almost impossible task now.
Eating breakfast.
Just sucking that free bacon up a little bit. Even that's become a gigantic major chore for this sad sack of ours now.
So the idea that he's going to spend 15, 20 whole bunch of hours every day.
Working feverishly to put this information on there for a bunch of simple things.
I don't know. We'll find out. We'll see just how feverishly they feel about this.
WDQIM.
Hey, Neil. How you doing today, Paddy?
Pretty good, sir. I don't know what anybody has against the bedtime stories.
I mean, I don't have time to go scaring the internet, looking for stuff and looking for the truth,
which apparently we don't get here. And I don't get the, what is the CBC? Is what you get up there?
Yeah, right.
I mean, so it's good. I know I can't vote on the poll because I have A.O. Blow.
Oh, God.
Which, you know, doesn't matter.
I'm switching anyway. So the hell with them.
Neil, real quick question, man. On the best of seat, Neil CDs.
Are there going to have any anger Anderson bits on there?
Oh, I don't know. Are you going to put any of those on there? Sure. What?
Yeah, we'll put what on there just for you. How do you like that?
I for the one to two hour. Can you place them in your Anderson like the Anacornic over one?
Are those in my thing here?
There should be some in there under what?
Yellow guy.
Oh, and that's right there under the yellow guy. Yeah, because I know who you're talking about,
but I know what we have. One moment, please, sir.
I love those bits, man. We got it, man. We'll get a couple of bonkware.
Thank you, my friend. And last but not least, I have nothing else, but
have a great day, pal. All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime, all the time.
That's us. And we're proud of it. Okay, even if that bitch don't like it.
I still don't understand what it is with the women out there of sites.
It's got to be a soft photo thing. There have to be women around the country that got a good sense of humor.
Yeah, there are. They're not here. No, we're near here.
53670560. There's a CBC.
I'll ask gas intensive oil from the...
Oh, she's talking about Canadian stuff. We don't want to hear about that.
WDQIM. Hello.
Hola.
Nobody there. WDQIM.
Deal. Yes, sir.
Hey, man, I was inspired to call by that stupid, smelly bitch that caused you earlier today.
Was she pathetic or what?
Oh, my God. She gave me a letter and she couldn't just come around and say it.
She had to do a real snide. You know, she had to be real sarcastic.
And wow, you seem to like the juvenile. You seem to be a lot more happier doing the juvenile crap.
Blow it out of her ass.
She obviously... she must have just started listening those times or you were doing the bedtime score.
But she doesn't have anything about your show.
And if it comes down to being with a woman like that or she was the last one on the earth, I'll stick with my right hand.
Thank you.
Makes me happy to be a fag, man. Have a great day.
All right.
See? There's some real benefits in it being a real screamer, okay?
And on the sand, it will be in a fagot.
Don't have to put up with these women, okay? Don't have to like pretend to be a, you know, I love you, honey.
I love you, please. Can I have something else?
I love you, honey. No.
Give me your wallet with your credit cards. Bring a new TV in tomorrow.
I want to see a new car in the goddamn driveway.
And then maybe, maybe if I'm in the right mode, it's the right time in a month.
And I feel like maybe being generous, maybe you might get the sniffest.
Let me prove your great.
This is sports radio bicycle.
It's the 12 to 1 hour.
At least we're today.
All right, now welcome back to the Mojave de David, a show on your Moamukasestation.
We got a special guest journey in this today.
Oh no! Not the feedler again.
That's J-peedle, you numpsco.
Wow!
And today, he made it.
I'm even tired of dropping his date.
How is the rating spotty?
I don't want to talk about it.
Why?
Well, you see, I thought it was an old nude rating spotty.
Clarence told me everybody day was going to be in the nude.
So, I chose up naked. And everybody ran out of that.
Yeah, because she chose up naked.
No, he told Luwain the same thing.
Oh, yeah. Well.
Oh, here comes our special guest, Ferrell, right?
Well, what do you know? What do you say?
You know, this has got to be one of the premier radio shows on the air today.
Well, you're good.
Oh, the boss in the bike today.
You guys are a panic, eh?
What boss of the bike?
He's talking about Milsho, Mo.
Let me tell you something, baby.
I don't want you to have a spooge offer.
That guy there is gay and a limster.
Whoa!
Get loaded up, hootin'!
But there's no broads all out in here.
This here's a sports station.
Ah, putting the top of your shirt.
All right, everything's up there.
And you zip this down.
What are my pants?
No, I'm your two pay.
All right, so, for you want to race me now, huh?
You got it.
Everybody else wants me for their receptacle?
Why not you?
There you go.
No chance you'll best get out of here.
Nothing is getting to the mocha every day.
I want your job.
My job?
That's a different kind of race.
I'll have you know I'm the king of the station.
And you have the gold.
Who would he's the gold?
All he has got out of here.
Hello, mo.
What's the meaning of this?
These large fellas are here to escort you outside.
What a grunt!
You've given a case for the kingdom, huh?
The king did it.
Why, of course, mo.
You can always count on me.
Miss Carlos and Tim.
Come on, sister.
Let's go.
Get your pun off me.
Drop that entire blue.
Oh, I am just one other thing before you go.
What's the point?
Say some away, fellas.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime, all the time.
003 at 560, WQM.
Don't forget we got the mad dog at two, the Humper at four,
for another one of those short shows.
Because the Marlon on Deck at 635, Marlon's in the mess in the Shea Stadium.
Seven tonight.
And the Marlon's looking to go a game over 500.
Anybody here?
No.
Now, any case follows the baseball game, Joanne Mark, overnight.
That's the agenda.
I don't know his parents didn't send me anymore of that stuff.
No.
Because they don't really care about how we did.
All they care about is his fox has no audience.
They vanished.
They just vanished.
They took 50,000 watches in the middle of the dial and they vanished.
Disappeared.
Hey, being a boy, I hate to break the news to you.
51.1%.
Say, very important, those bedtime stories keep them.
Out of 469, both.
It's slipping.
It's getting perilously close to 50%.
That's the dividing line.
If we wind up under 50%, God only knows what the hell is going to happen there.
I'm surprised, but I think I'd be disappointed if we stopped putting the bedtime stories up there.
I would be too, after all.
How long have we been doing it?
I mean, you, you know, at least at least like a month after I've been here.
Which is what?
How many days?
About 30, man.
Few months.
Year?
No.
Less than a year.
Okay.
Well, whatever it's been, it's been, we thought very productive.
And of course, look at its tremendous impact.
We're having, because look at that phone.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
We're doing screenless this hour.
And of course, one o'clock.
Thank God we got that big one to two hour.
Screenless here this hour.
And there's one call flashing.
That's probably retire.
We haven't heard from you today, sir.
Where the hell are you?
We know you're there.
We know you're hiding.
That's probably him on six right here.
WQAM.
Yes, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'm calling Neil.
Concerning Howard David.
Interview on Meet the Press.
I like the words.
That was excellent.
That way they've been the best call we've ever had on the show.
Save that.
Putting the guy to M. Time capsule.
What an Howard say.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Absolutely.
That was beautiful.
WQAM.
Oh, yeah, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I'm going to be doing a little travel next month up up into the New York area.
Uh-huh.
I'm going to Cooperstown, Binghamton, Utica.
I wonder if you could tell me what stations I could pick you up on.
Exxon and mobile.
Exxon and mobile.
By the way, boys and girls, it's the 25th of June.
It means it's payday.
It's payday.
Which is not only a good candy bar, but it's always a good day on the 10th.
25th.
I never had a payday candy bar.
Another that I mentioned.
Did you?
Yeah, a long time ago.
Didn't have like a lot of nuts.
It does have nuts.
Oh, and Nuget.
Oh, nuts and Nuget.
What a great combination.
In fact, maybe nuts and Nuget is what Mo was picking out of the...
Back home.
...and never know.
Oh, the Nuget comes from the show.
He said he's just nuts about Nuget.
But, but seriously, that is so...
I'm trying not to think of a cut.
It's getting close to the end of the show.
At least time, you know.
Oh, boy.
It's there.
It's getting so hard not to think about the thought of watching Mo walking around wandering around the bullpen there.
With his hand deep in his lime green pants picking, God willing, those what out of his ancient...
Right.
Oh.
And this isn't just from Pharrell, who we know is a sick bastard from a whole bunch of people who were screaming in the hall this morning.
Just freaked out.
We will get a picture of that.
And that way he went around trying to shake everybody's hand.
I think that was a little over the edge.
Just over the top.
Well, sniffing his fingers.
W-D-Q-A-N.
Hey, George, it's me Steve.
Should I really call this tonight?
W-D-Q-A-N.
Oh, boy.
We're going to have a good hour.
I can smell it.
Or maybe that's most finger.
W-D-Q-A-N.
Keep working.
Oh, what a bastard.
That was bad.
That was the retiring reverse guy.
Keep working.
What a curse.
Oh, what did I just do there?
You hit the whole line again.
Yeah, but look at that.
It's a...
That was very appropriate.
W-D-Q-A-N.
I think I just...
Oh, get out of here.
W-D-Q-A-N, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, um, is this Neil?
Speaking.
Yeah, hey, I really like the bedtime stories.
I hope the people put it over the top because they helped me out without, you know, surfing
around and going crazy.
They're actually...
I thought it was a magnificent service on our part for those of us who are to the left
of Attila Le Han and would like a little bit different, you know, perspective on what's
going on in the world.
And the price is right.
It's absolutely free.
We don't charge for it.
But only 51.4% right now, which isn't exactly overwhelming.
Not only that, at least I discovered some of the website's common dreams or whatever.
Right.
Which is great.
But I do have to ask you this.
I looked at your movie list, watched Requiem for Dream.
What the hell is that movie about?
What is it about?
It's about addiction.
And that...
It's so, uh, it's the music, the pace.
It's really...
It's kind of difficult to digest.
I was watching it.
I was going, I was waiting for something.
But you're supposed to watch it, not eat it.
Correct.
But I was...
I guess I was expecting something a little bit more in the way it ended.
One of those endings where you go, what the...
You do?
Yeah, that.
You do go that?
I don't think so.
I know exactly what I remember.
What more did you need to see?
I mean, you could have seen her a little bit later on when she was like an allergic death.
Well, with the...
The point that I figured how would they...
They would sort of tie everything together.
Either the kid would come back or...
Or, uh...
Yeah, what happened with the girl?
What was the deal?
You know, this scene now you're sending like George with his critique of Magdody.
Like the ending.
Movies don't tie up everything with a nice bow on it to the end.
I mean, maybe years ago they did that, but that's ancient.
They just don't do that.
Movie makers now, they give you like a wild story and all sorts of different things going on.
And then that's it.
There has to be a point in which they say,
Okay, we wedded your appetite.
Now you figure out how you got out of it.
Is that the conclusion you came to with Vanilla Skies?
The same kind of...
No.
That's another ending that didn't really...
No, it didn't.
But that was different.
Yes, but I'm not going to get any further than last year come a home.
I mean, what movie had an ending that...
Even the Hitchcock movies is great as many of them were...
Just about everyone that I can think of.
And it was like a, you know, happy ending.
Grace Kelly ran off with...
With what's his name with Carrie Grant?
Or even Marie St.
You know, any of that went off and we're getting married and everybody had a happy ending
after all the wild adventures on Mount Rushmore and whatever, you know?
You know, that's true.
I guess I...
You can't bend.
They just don't do that anymore.
Now it's a little more esoteric.
And, we have ended fine.
They all hit rock bottom at the same time.
Okay.
Let me ask you, is there a difference to the one I got that edited?
Is there a difference between edited and...
Where did you get that, sir?
At one of the video places.
How do you...
You got an edited one?
Yes, it says edited on the box.
Edited first.
Don't ever do that again.
Okay.
If you pick up on it, it says edited throughout near face.
Say I want the real one or else I'm getting out of here.
Okay.
Thank you, Bill.
Have a great day, bye.
People who, by edited, it's like going into a restaurant
and you pick out something that sounds good on the menu
but then half of the Andreas missing.
Well, we picked and chose what we want you to eat, you know?
We decided.
What's good for it?
Let's go in with the unlucky.
All the crap you found wrapped.
But it's a goofy.
Oh.
I'm sorry I realized everybody has a different taste.
I don't know why anybody would complain about that movie.
There have been many there said, oh, just we watched it.
We know what you like about that.
I just, what's not to like?
I mean, it's hard to understand.
It's bizarre.
It's different.
And it's quite a stir.
And especially when you live in South Florida and you can't understand,
you can't relate to that.
With all the old people that are just hopped up on drugs,
all the quack doctors, writing prescriptions,
just like Sarah's doctor.
Who didn't even look at her?
Didn't even look at her.
And he's writing a prescription here.
Take these and come back and make another appointment for another month.
The assembly line.
That's what life in South Florida is all about.
Everybody's hooked on drugs.
The young people, the old people in between.
Street drugs, prescription drugs, fancy, fancy drugs, designer drugs.
You name it.
And that's what that movie was all about, sir.
I wonder how Maryins doing.
Things she's still...
You think she and Harry still see eye to eye or...
Asked to ask.
From it, it's past noon at 560 WQM.
Hey, outside, if you're carpeting, it looks like Moe may be dropped a couple of dingleberries on it.
Here's the answer for you.
Dry concepts would like to come to your home and make those carpets look brand spanking new.
They'll smell them in your fresh when they get done dry cleaning it.
And in a couple of hours, they'll be dry and you'll be ready to rock and roll again.
That's how stupidest it is.
It's a piece of cake when you call dry concepts.
They eat you all the work and you have a big smile on your pus when they get done.
And other one, they clean your carpets and make them look just like brand new.
Also, your drapes, your expensive area rugs, your Orianna rugs, your leather furniture or poultry.
If you have problems with pet orders and mild orders caused by water damage,
it doesn't have to be a problem because dry concepts can make them disappear just like magic.
So you owe it to yourself and your carpets to call the professionals at dry concepts.
And don't forget, no rip offs, no tack ons at the end of the job.
They give you a written guaranteed price before they start.
Call them today at 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website at dryconcepts.com.
Please be sure and tell them that all the Neal told you to call dry concepts where you can clean today and entertain tonight.
My, I am local.
Here's sports video 560-CUA-M.
Am I any town?
Here's at 560-W-U-A-M.
Tonight on BBS, the Bank of that Broadcasting Service, Babu Al-Bila,
shows you how to make the most of your nigga little existence and enjoy your newfound liberation on this old tent.
Tonight, Babu shows everyone how to expand living area when guests plan to spend a weekend.
I think a guest area can be a tip of project and cause very little.
There are posters that are sat down lying around all over the place and it canvases perfect to build a net on.
With a little vegetation, it's a decoration. It can be fun for the whole family.
This old tent tonight on BBS. Don't miss it.
Look, I love to paint grouping glass of lunch at Dom Space.
From 17 to 560-W-Q-M and it's really interesting to support what we're doing today and also going back to that first call.
If you're tuning in late, you missed the call of the century.
Nasty, surly bitch from Dave County.
Cuss on me out. Tell me how to do the show and the fact that we're not reading all the bedtime stories every day like I did,
so wasting my time for seven months, it just dawned on me here during this last break.
It just dawns on me. Why is it that she's listening to this show?
Since she doesn't like what we do and she is interested in the bedtime stories, why doesn't she just go on our website for free and read them at her leisure?
Wow, what a concept. But you see, that would take out the bitching and moaning part.
Yeah. Yeah, and then she just can't be a woman.
She just can't be a woman unless she's bitching and belly aching.
You know, it's just not good enough for her.
Well, that's in the middle of her heart.
Don't you know that women believe that they can make a bad situation better by bitching?
I see.
They're helping by doing that.
Oh, so in other words, she was bitching? Yeah. Then see her.
Is this still the, this is still the same stuff we had on yesterday.
Is Vinaigborg getting any, making any progress today?
He's in there on our website.
Yeah, box on I'll upload it again.
I thought there should have been half of them should have been up already.
Let me tell you this all looks like old, still the same.
And on the day when we're taking a poll about the news stories on our website about the bedtime stories,
this looks old and ancient.
Everyone of these to me sabotage.
Get out of here. What do you mean sabotage?
The road to cover up is the road to ruin.
That's that's an ancient story.
I said it a Robert Bird. That was his comments.
Huh? That's one of the ones that got today.
That's one of the ones from today.
Yeah.
Like I said, it's from earlier and today. It's old like him.
Now maybe that is new. Okay.
Well, where's the, where's the what you call it?
The story. Where's the marine down story?
They'll might not be up yet.
Oh, you know, it used to be a piece of cake.
I would just fact you the stories.
They'd be up on there. No problem at all.
Just like clockwork weekends.
I would fax him.
You know, I might have to like try a couple of times there on a weekend at 11 o'clock in the morning to fact you the stories.
Because your computer might might be turned on yet.
You might be in jail. Whatever would be.
But generally speaking, it was like automatic.
Like falling out of the sack, like picking the seeds out of mosaics.
But now, now it's turned out to be like a major project.
Maybe it's propitious.
Maybe it's propitious that we're doing the survey today on this because it's certainly propitious me off.
It will be again.
It will be as it was.
Yeah.
Well, I sure hope so because the ball isn't your court anyway.
You're going to be responsible most of these days once so that once that big day comes up next week.
Now it's a Tuesday, July 1st.
Isn't that Canada day?
That's a holiday.
So I'm going to do a special Canada show that day.
You want to know?
No.
We don't really know.
We don't care.
Okay, because clearance won't send me any of that any of the data.
Any of the research that we really care about about QAM X transover.
I'm sure this is available for us.
And interesting enough, WRFX, which is page five of six.
Where is page four, which if you go back from WR, it seems to me that P and Q that power and QA are.
And would be just behind that on their ass on page five or four, right?
Right.
Don't have page four.
Come on, clearance.
Get off of the beast for a couple of minutes.
Okay, and fax me that stuff.
He's getting a real sore body.
Correct him.
Even the beast was grossed out by Moe.
In fact, I think I have it on tape here somewhere.
Maybe we'll play the whole the whole beginning there.
You got your bleep finger.
Oh, no, that's right.
Thanks for reminding me.
I forgot about that.
Oh, no.
You're so right.
I had, oh, because I thought I taped something a bit with clearance and for real.
Yeah.
This morning before the show, every other word is F this it, F the every other word.
And we were just talking about Doreen.
I just saw it.
WQIM.
Oh, still got us on hold.
Well, we'll get back to him one of these days.
WQIM.
Yeah, I feel like to speak to Nail, please.
Speaking.
Hi, Nail.
How are you?
I'm very good.
How are you?
Pretty good.
I just wanted to tell you that I am a female in South Florida with a sense of humor.
Oh, right.
Thank God we got one.
We got a few.
But I'm waiting, man.
But I'm waving.
Oh, well, there you go.
Sing.
But I'm only going to vacation.
Oh, OK.
I'm going to Alaska.
Going north to Alaska.
Maybe you'll find Johnny Horton up there with Tim Horton.
No, but I'm also going to go to Vancouver and I've never been.
I hear Vancouver is beautiful.
I think you'll love it.
Well, you've been there many times.
I'm sure.
I've never been there.
Did Vancouver?
No.
Oh, well, I thought maybe you could tell me where I have dinner.
Probably McDonald's would be, by the way.
Well, anyway, Nail, I just want to say I love you and I have a sense of humor.
Well, thank God for your great-
Now, did you hear that bitch that called to start the show this morning?
I did.
But you know what?
I think you're waiting some way too much energy on her.
And like you said, if she doesn't like it, don't listen.
Yeah, if you don't like it, get lost.
But yeah, she's listening right now.
She's got the instrument out right now.
She's so excited.
Well, they have to because we're all just so hooked on you.
Exactly.
Have a great time, sweetheart.
You too.
See you at the C.A.
Okay, she's going to Vancouver.
I hear it's a beautiful place.
Don't you?
Oh, that's right.
You want to go there?
I do.
I used to listen to Vancouver radio and just sounded like they were having fun there.
I'll stick with here.
Okay, it's pretty good.
It's going to be its pride week this week.
It means it's going to be a million fags here this weekend.
Which is how many more than that is usually?
About 30, man.
I think it'd be amazing.
Other than maybe Greenwich Village and Frisco.
I mean, as far as Amsterdam, there aren't nearly as many gay people.
Amsterdam is there are here.
This is a shocking between oriental people and gay people.
There's just a few straight people left here in Toronto.
That's enough to be procreating to keep that population in even five million.
Do they have lots of gay orientals?
Yes, they do as a matter of fact.
They're very festive and gay.
530 votes, man.
It's only 1223.
Do you realize the pace that we're going at, Mr. Boner?
Now, how are you doing with those stories?
Are they all on their now or not?
Greenwich Village will be up in about 30 seconds and there's a couple more left.
Yeah, ma'am.
Likely story.
Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on the website on neorodges.com on a website that we were so proud of
and thought we were doing a super job.
But of course, when you ask a question like this, you're just opening yourself up to the miseria safflora.
No matter what you do, we want something different.
We don't like what that is.
We're not interested.
We want naked hot pictures.
We want naked pictures of screw-in.
Speaking of naked and hot.
Yes?
Claire said that's the only sheet that Greg gave him.
So that's all he can share with us.
Oh, the only sheet that Greg gave him.
Well, is an act great?
Well, come on, Greg.
What are you sitting holdin' back?
Are you too embarrassed?
I know he shouldn't be embarrassed because the previous sheets got power 96 on there
and they went through the roof since it was a heavy, spow-in-spow-month.
Even in men 18 plus, which isn't their demographic, even in there they kicked the crap out of QAM.
And he's out at lunch right now so we won't be able to get that in.
Hey, I got news for you, Greg.
You could any day, any time.
Out to lunch.
O-T-L, that's his middle name.
I don't want excuses, clearance.
I want action.
I want action.
I want something positive, something tangible in my hand, and believe me, it ain't what you got.
530 votes.
Absolutely.
Keep those bedtime stories on there.
They're important, man.
Absolutely.
275, 51.8%.
And we thank those 275 people for carrying it off to, like, lend us their tangible support.
I'd rather see more naked pictures.
118 perverted bastards out there who obviously can't get any.
Who are sittin' there on the internet morning, noon and night, rubbing themselves raw.
Speaking of that.
Now, there's basically all the porno that I've ever seen on the internet.
There's two kinds.
There's your heterosexual porno, and there's your fag porno, okay?
Okay.
How many, now listen to me.
How many females look at porno on the internet?
Two.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Right.
And you'll notice that there's not, like, there are male escort services for women.
I'm not talking about gay escort services, but there are male escort services for women, correct?
In case you've been watching Fighting Light, which is dragging out a little bit, by the way.
But, nevertheless, but you don't see any, like, heterosexual, not that I know of, for women to look at.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Not generally speaking.
They've done studies.
Yeah.
Men are stimulated visually.
That's a mention the fact that we're just bigger perverts, of course.
Right.
But that's, it's a big big news for that broad that call to start to show today.
If you knew how many hours she spends in the produce department at public service every day.
I'd rather see more naked pictures on her 18, 21.7%.
I really read those bed times through his 44.
That's okay.
I mean, if you like our website, obviously the people that are voting on a poll, they're in our website.
Okay, that's fine.
We're not trying to tell you what you should read, what you should like, you like what you like.
And that's why she ought to be reading the bedtime stories on here and not bitching me out for not, you know, sacrificing the whole show just for that bitch.
Maybe that's got a miserable smelly rotten bitch.
I don't, I only care about the poll 40.
That's fine.
I don't need it.
I read lots of news websites 35, 6.5%.
And I mostly care about the goofy stuff, 21.
I would have thought that would have been a little bit higher.
Would you?
You want to see more naked pictures of, oh, maybe the people want to see more naked pictures.
They meant like clearance in the beast and moan guilty because those pictures are absolutely lovely.
Absolutely.
Lovely.
Trump 27 at 560 WQM if you're stuck in a really crappy miserable dead end job, if your life is going nowhere fast, if you feel like you're on a treadmill and you're moving your feet, but you ain't going nowhere.
Maybe college is too expensive and tastes too long.
I mean, four years who's got the, who can wait that long before having a life in a paycheck?
But if you can afford ten bucks a month and commit yourself to three nights a week for four months, fast train can up you achieve a new high-paying computer.
That is absolutely correct.
Just ten bucks a month and three nights a week for only four months for individuals to qualify.
So what do you got to lose beside that dead end crappy miserable nasty job working for real puts and believe me, a lot of us can relate.
Call fast train 1-866 fast train and with four locations in town, this will be one year by you.
Call 1-866 fast train and you'll talk to a train career counselor who really knows their crap and they'll explain to you how this works.
They'll be a day evening weekend schedule's job placement hands on training.
Call fast train today at 1-866 fast train.
Be sure to mention Todd Dreck by name or smell.
Fast train's deferred payment is valid for a year regular payment supply thereafter.
Whether you're a high school student on summer break, somebody an underpaid dead end job working for peanuts or just looking to really increase your net worth and make a big fat paycheck.
Call fast train 2-day 1-866 fast train or check them out of the web fast train.com.
Call fast train and you'll talk to a train career counselor who really knows their crap and they'll explain to you how this works.
Call fast train and you'll talk to a train career counselor who really knows their crap and they'll explain to you how this works.
Arachite f***ing blow!
Here's from the makers of behind the camera the unauthorized story of 3's company comes another story of intrigue and betrayal.
Millions of Americans laughed along each week at their unscreen antics.
The backstage egos were out of control. NBC presents behind the planet Melmack the unauthorized story of Elf.
Alright episode 9 scene 3 takes 30 seconds. He has up yelling!
While we're just about ready to roll out.
Roll this!
Take 30 seconds!
And if you're a Romeo, join in shut up! Al, can we just do this?
Hey, do this buddy, please Al, come on it's been a long day can we just shoot the scene?
Hey, hold up f***er you!
I'm Max, you know I play Willie Tana.
I don't give a fly and crap get out of my face!
You better take two steps back or I'm gonna go mid evil on your goofy four right ass!
Come on, what's the matter with you?
Hey, here you go!
Who's the boss?
Hey, you're not the boss!
Oh yeah, what does that giant sign over there say?
It says that Thai-looted show!
How?
And who's the boss?
How?
Who's the boss?
Alright you are Al, you are!
You're damn right I am your four eye freak case!
Go my agent!
There was also sexual politics playing out behind the scenes.
Hey what the f***er are you doing in my trailer?
Al, it's me and you're actually playing Tana on the show.
What does that mean to me?
Well we had a day last week and we got pretty intimate and you never called me.
And?
I thought we had something together.
We didn't like point you move on cupcake!
What you told me you loved me!
You believed me?
Yes I did!
I am a great actor then get the f*** out of here before it calls security!
Behind the planet Milmak, the Amalthe right story of Alth, next week on NBC.
All the crap you can unwrap!
1234, 26 to 1 and 5, 60, 70 QAM.
Here's the fact that it says while in Toronto, where do you go to watch the races?
Right into my living room as a matter of fact.
We have Woodbine and we have Mohawk.
Never been to either one of them.
They're like way way out there.
You know what I mean?
No I have to take a cab.
Huh?
No idea.
I have to take a cab.
They're like Woodbine's way up by the airport.
But they have great racing here and I consider it right here online.
This is what Woodbine considers buying the metal lands.
What you say?
Well you have to hear a day of the Walmart side of it.
It's a possible part.
Here you go that's the racing channel.
I can watch it right here as a matter of fact.
So there you go.
There's the answer to your question sir.
On the racing channel.
Racing Network doesn't cost me a dime.
Although you can't open up a phone account.
Do you think that's a good idea?
No.
Or I can watch the Leafs.
One of the finally killing forward San Luis came out to try and block the shot
because it wasn't a bullet shot like we've seen.
Miguel, the air.
Hey, I like it.
You want to watch the Leafs in the attempt of a lightning?
Let's play that the rest of the air.
What do you say?
I'll be right over.
Okay.
I'll bring the beer.
Yeah, where do you watch the Leafs?
Right here in my chair.
It's going to get it.
Takes the pass and aerial pass.
And lets the shot go.
And happy boolins was playing with it.
The great Alexander McGulley.
Boy do I love him.
Ain't he great?
Anyway.
Any great George?
Oh, he's phenomenal.
There's Pat Queenwood at the same look on his put.
Get some defense, Pat.
We're going to be desperate this year.
Maybe get some defense.
New Zealand legalizes brothels.
Somebody just facts this to me.
How do you like that?
Thanks Anthony.
Rodgers will now be legal in New Zealand.
It's Parliament nearly voted today to overturn the country's 100-year-old sex laws with
ban soliciting and living off the earnings of prostitution.
Parliament theory is voted 60 to 59 in favor of the bill of the criminalized prostitution,
drawing cheers from prostitutes and their supporters in the legislature's packed public pubic galleries.
We pass tonight the world's best sex industry legislation said Labor politician Tim Barnett,
who is long champion changing New Zealand's sex laws.
It's focused on real harms rather than trying to make moral judgments about the sex industry he told.
Under pressure laws, prostitution itself is not illegal but associated acts such as brothel keeping,
soliciting and living off the earnings of prostitution are.
The bill was passed despite intensive lobbying by church leaders who feared it would draw young vulnerable people
into the industry and spawn new brothels.
There were an estimated 8,000 prostitutes in New Zealand.
Oh, right.
I mean, that's why George wanted to go to New Zealand.
No.
Or one of the reasons?
No.
No.
Not George.
Not a good upstanding family man like George.
Now we don't want to do it an Amsterdam even though it sucks then.
I don't know.
Not anymore.
Don't even just challenge it please.
Oh, I can hear it.
Richard gets in line with the tone.
It's Gerald's back for right now.
Don't you find a little bit unusual that it's the middle of June and they're showing hockey games on my TV?
I'm going to serve for girls, though.
How about you, Harden?
Serve for girls, man.
On MTV.
Oh.
I'll stick with hockey games.
Anyway, let's see.
Here's one that says you just got to get those mobs animated for television.
All the crap you can unwrap.
All the slime, all the time.
They would blow king of the hell out of the water in prime time.
They're hysterical.
Just keep doing it in the show too, since it's just a fan.
Thank you, just a fan.
Also, I guess that's it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6.
He's been pretty paneless today considering when in the middle of June everybody's gone.
Who's just saying that?
Or the beast was telling Pharrell that?
Well, Pharrell's got to get the lay at the land.
You know, he's got to figure out what's going on there.
He's only been here five weeks.
Plus, he finally got paid today.
Oh!
You heard him going on about that?
Yeah.
There's first like real paycheck.
Five weeks.
Speaking to him.
Yeah.
His city link article is out.
It's like 30 pages long.
How many pages?
About 30, man.
Yeah.
Well, that's great.
It's got his goofy face right there.
Cover shot.
Well, I can add what you need to send it to me.
I can just go on their website.
Citylink.com is in it.
It's not on the website yet.
But it will be.
Yes.
Great.
Well, that's good.
Thanks to the city land again.
You owe them an apology, man.
You had me rip them an ass when I was there.
Yeah.
Wasn't it your fault?
I think it was better.
It was.
He said, actually, the person whose fault it was was with the asshole that sent me just
the one paid selectively about how they picked the guy from Parrot Radio.
Michael Schwarz or whatever's name was.
A blackhead.
And they just kind of ignored all the rest of us, including yours truly.
Which at least they could say that I'm really old.
Which is what it means when they put you in a hollow fame.
He's really old.
But he was really damn good about 100 years ago.
So thanks again to Citylink.com.
They wrote a nice piece in there with short sweet to the point stuck my ass in the hollow
fame.
And Moke keeps trying to pick it.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
0, 5, 60 on the 80.
Well, you know, Dwight Lauderdale likes eating ass.
Maybe most thing everybody's got their own bag.
Maybe his bag is eating a picking ass.
Do you ever think about that?
So it's a lunch sack.
As soon as he came in to work there that very first day, we knew he was kind of a picky
guy.
Somebody QAN?
Yeah, yesterday I had called a request for the song 100 years off by and I was calling
back today.
You said to call back today maybe get a copy of that song as you can find it out.
Well, I didn't get a copy of that song.
I never told you that.
I said, I'll play it for you, which I did.
I thought you were coming back.
I thought you were coming by saying, thanks for playing that for me.
Oh, yeah.
Thanks for coming.
It's no doubt.
But, uh, okay.
It's a lot of things.
It's a lot of things.
I'm not over here.
See, that's God at work.
That is God helping me out.
See, that's my, uh, affiliate.
Help me out there.
A scoot up his cell phone and made you disappear.
Don't play me.
Pally.
I didn't scrub your cell phone.
I did.
George God did it.
Way of me on him.
George the devil, the demon, the evil one.
He yells a boob.
Scooby all up there.
How you got?
Isn't that 100 years gone by?
Did we put that on one of our best dogs?
I don't recall.
It might have been 100 years ago.
No, I'm serious.
I think we put that on one of those.
Pretty sure we did.
Pretty damn sure.
So we didn't do one last year, so it would have to be one of your before that, which I think is when Edam think came on.
So, uh, we'll, we'll, uh, check for it.
We'll look around.
We'll get a flashlight.
Look up most butt.
My, my, and look all.
This is portrayal by city.
Way to, yeah.
You asshole.
Coming up tonight.
On inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
They got us chanting along to their hit, pour some sugar on me.
But could the song have been about sex?
We'll find out from Death Leopard.
What ever gave you the idea it was about sex.
Sex, that is rich.
Death Leopard vocalist Joe Elliott spoke to inside the behind, along with his manager, Slavvy Gold.
That song is not about sex.
Right, definitely not.
I specifically told the boys write a song about sugar.
About how much you love sugar and you want it poured all over you.
Right.
In fact, if you had the choose between getting sugar poured on you, or the luscious love nectar of some hot babe poured on you,
you would definitely not go with the sweet sticky, glistening moisture dripping from the, ah, nuts.
It's about sex.
Yeah, it's about sex.
I mean, well, you got it.
I mean, of course.
So why, asks inside the behind, did they feel the need to lie?
Listen, things ain't been too good for Death Leopard since the 80s.
We've been looking for ways to make some doughs.
So we're, ah, we're doing a children's album.
Yeah, we thought we could put some distance between us and love juices.
But the fans are going to love this record too.
Don't you worry, the boys ain't going to compromise.
No way, we're going to rock you.
You know, with songs like, my best friend is neat.
And, and cross the street with care today.
And I, and I must do it, Mommy, and Daddy, tell me.
Oh my God.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Come on.
You want to be, I want to take drugs and ponies.
No, no, no, no, we all got to eat.
Death Leopard.
A band's got to do what a band's got to do.
But we'll all sure miss those references to female secretions.
It's a big juicy, stopping when it look at show business tonight,
on inside the mind.
Absolutely.
1246 at 560 WQAM.
Given Mike Myers, the key to the city in Toronto right now,
they have a big ceremony, give them the key to the city.
Oh, good for him.
They love him here.
Well, he's a local boy.
And a big leaf fan too, I should point out.
Hey, here's the fact that says, I know you don't want to hear my,
now see, why do they say that?
Not me.
I love those movie shows.
Didn't all of us.
We loved them a lot.
We're still, I watched that way at the gun the other night.
With the lovely Ryan Philippe.
That's a pretty good movie.
You'll like it.
I'll watch it.
Wait a minute.
I'm trying to think.
Who saw a record room for Dream First?
Me, sir, use me.
Use us.
I've been trying to get you like for a year to watch that movie.
What was the other one that I got?
Oh, I was happy.
As you hadn't seen that.
I saw that first right.
That was you.
So I saw happiness and Britney Spears first.
So at least that's something.
This fact says, I know you don't want to hear much of more about movies these days.
That's not true.
But I just encased that you might like frailty.
Very good movie.
About a religious fanatic father that starts killing brings people home from a list of God
Give them to kill them because they're working for the devil.
But you're like that.
It's an excellent movie.
They're working for David Ross.
I saw it on purpose of 7th Youth Against Phoenix.
Here's the film.
We're going to get it.
Richard saw it on my son and we were going to leave it on him.
I like being a kid.
I'm taking the lead.
That's okay.
Don't worry.
I'm going to leave someone again because I already saw it.
A religious nut that starts killing people bringing them home from a list of God
Give them.
It was critically acclaimed but didn't do much to the box office like Rick.
And Momato was usually heard about by word of mouth.
Check it out.
It starts Bill Pax and the Matthew McConaughey.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to buy that today.
I highly recommend it.
And all three of them.
I'm speaking of ending.
Of course, I don't have any pocket speaking of ending right over here.
And how movies should end.
Yeah.
There's a good example of how of a good ending.
Look, let me say this to you.
I don't want to like get into a big hassle about that because it's ponderous.
It's effing ponderous.
But movies should end.
However, I want to end.
They should end.
Now that doesn't mean you're going to like the way they always end.
But we shouldn't have a set platform in life they used to.
Like, like I said, even the Hitchcock movies, I can't think of one of them that had an unhappy ending.
Can you?
No.
And everything was fine.
And there was always a male star, Carrie Grant or Jimmy Stewart.
It was Grace Kelly, even Marie St. The Tippie Heaven.
And in the end, everything.
Now, wait a minute.
I'm trying to think back to the birds.
How did the birds end?
Kind of weird.
Yeah.
You know what?
It was the birds.
It was the one exception because it seems to me they just got on the highway.
Right.
And they started driving off.
And the birds were like attacking everywhere.
So they drove off.
They were unknown situations.
But that was possibly like really a psychotic.
Wait a minute.
The birds were just sitting there.
So the implication is that they get away.
What are you talking about?
In the birds.
Movie, movie, movie, did you watch?
There's a birds.
At the end of the movie, they get in the car and they drive off.
And like the reports are coming in from all over the guy in the place.
And they drive away to get out of there.
And but they don't know what they're waiting for.
What the birds were just sitting around and kind of like let them go.
Those were just the San Francisco birds.
Oh.
We're not talking about the Sacramento birds or the Red Birds.
Here's another fact.
It says recently I sent you a fact.
I want to thank you for reading the most important part of them there.
The greatest fertilizers for the seeds of fascism are ignorance, complacency and apathy.
Absolutely correct.
Since you're talking about the bush lies at the moment you want to mention the following link to these hilarious flash movies.
If you've already done so then I apologize.
I'm not a steady listener.
They're all at takebacktomedia.com.
The flash movies are chicken hawks triumph of the Wimp pentagon duct tape theater and bush no Nazi.
My favorite which I told you about best wishes Tom and Hanna would thank you.
Tom and Hollywood probably has a life which is why I can't listen all the time or maybe just can't handle this show all the time.
Because we're juvenile and disgusting.
But thanks anyway Tom.
I can't take the pressure and I already saw the game. It's like the middle of June you know.
But that's hockey up here baby.
It's in our blood.
It's a way of life.
South Florida.
What's that?
It sucks.
It's soccer on skates.
You know.
Can't complain about the taste of the sports fans of South Florida because they don't have any.
Long seed to box victims on puck control for the most part.
I thought they just scored the goal Darcy Tucker.
I told you no problem with the game right.
Here's a little lesson for you George.
If you're going to become a sports fan if you see the game first live and then you watch it later on tape.
He's on the outcome.
You can sound like you know something.
Right.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line WQIM. Hello.
Yeah, I want to talk to Neil speaking.
Neil.
Yes.
How you doing today?
I'm doing pretty good.
I'm calling from Indian Harbor.
I need to have a beach for board county.
Yeah.
I got I got some advice for all men out there.
Yes.
If you have bees and a bee stay the hell away from me.
I'm going to be a little bit more.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Yeah, I'm a girl who's getting married by the way.
I don't understand that.
I don't want to pee on guys.
Please have been living with this chick for a long time.
Scooter brains out for a very long time.
But now they're going to get married because I guess sooner or later they decide they're not going to put out for free anymore.
It's not too late.
It's not too late, Miguel.
I'm already told your castellal to the same thing.
He wouldn't listen.
And look at him now.
Now they cut his show back an hour.
His life isn't worth a crap.
His cat died.
Same thing with Miguel.
And of course now Doreen will cut him off too.
Now they're going to get married.
Now that's official.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Yeah.
As a matter of fact, maybe that's the psychology there.
Maybe Miguel figures that maybe finally Doreen will get off his ass.
Now they's going to be officially married.
You think that might be part of it?
He ain't speaking.
He's on.
That's saying anything.
Absolutely.
You want to.
I don't want to hear all these grotesque.
Doreen, what did she ever do to you?
Not what she liked to do to you, but what did she ever do to you?
You're talking to Miguel, though, right?
Right.
He don't have to be spawned.
I'm just talking to him rhetorically.
I don't need an answer because I know the answer.
WQI, I'm hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, Tuesday.
Traffic on Southbound 95 is still back up north of Dore.
What the call of the Golden Gate or the Golden Gate or the Bridge.
And the second thing.
Yeah, the second thing.
I'm not quite sure.
The guy called you about half an hour ago.
So he couldn't vote on the poll because he had AL awful.
Have you ever thought of doing a poll on Internet provider services?
Which ones people like?
I mean, it wouldn't be a funny poll, but it would be an informative poll.
Mm-hmm.
Well, something to think about.
Something to think about.
Okay.
I'll think of words.
I'll think about it, Pali.
Thanks a lot.
Yes, sir.
Let's think about that.
What do you say?
I don't know.
It's not too exciting.
It's not as exciting.
Oh, no.
Look at that, peanut boy.
We're in trouble.
I take that back.
You're in trouble.
Now, see, this for us is a no-lose situation.
So win, win.
You want to know why?
Because if more than 50% say keep the bedtime stories, we decide to keep doing it.
Then it validates that what we've been doing is worthwhile out of people like it.
And if you were the 50%, look at all the work we're not going to have to do.
Look at all the time we're going to save to like sleeping things.
Yep.
Let's say things.
So it's a win-win.
Should Neil keep posting the bedtime stories on a website?
Because we, just like my reading those things on here, I thought I was doing a fine service.
And the audience despised it.
They hated it.
We blew off like a whole bunch of the audience over there and we're desperately trying to get them back.
Now, even when we just have them on a website and nobody has got to read them,
even so we still have the usual, we have 610 votes.
That's not shabby.
Absolutely.
Keep them.
Yes, it's important.
Absolutely.
311.50.9%.
But you see it's even gone under 51% for the first time in a long time, a...a...beener.
See that?
Just a tiny little time left.
Anyway, I'd rather see more naked pictures, 130, 12.3%.
I rarely read them, 61, 10%.
I only care about the poll, 46.
I don't need it.
I read lots of website news stories.
I'm a hot shot, 39, 6.3%.
We don't need your crappy stories.
And I mostly care about the goofy stuff, 23, 3.7%.
Out of over 600 votes so far.
And you say...
So what is it?
50.9.
Hang on to your...
If it's under 50%, we just very well may discontinue the effort,
because it just didn't really worth it, you know?
For a small handful.
What are you laughing about?
He's crying.
Oh, sniffling.
I said we very well may.
Now that doesn't mean we will.
I'm not like you know promises here, okay?
Because basically this audience knows that when all is said and done,
we'll do whatever the hell we want to in a for anyway, right?
True.
Isn't that right?
Yes.
But we like to make the audience feel like, you know, important,
like they're a part of all this stuff.
Like they have a say in the program.
Like that bitch that started us off on the wrong foot today.
Got out of bed on the wrong side with that bitch today.
We had nasty, snotty, slutty bitch.
God almighty, can you imagine what's crawling around inside of her?
Oh.
What are you laughing about?
It's bad enough with the clearance in the beast pictures.
You keep clarifying.
We're interested in the beast pictures and then we got the moany ass problem.
Correct.
Pickin' and grinning.
And now we have this to deal with.
This could be a new diet.
12.57 at 5.60 WQ.
You know, summertime and south Florida guarantees three things.
Heat, humidity, and hurricanes.
You know, you can't control the weather, but you can control how you protect your home during hurricane season.
The Hurricane Shutter and Window Shop provides you the best hurricane protection under the sun.
With just one easy call to Hurricane Shutter and Window Shop, they'll be at your home the very next day.
With a quote for Hurricane Shutter's windows and doors customized engineers specifically for your home.
From panels, the courtyns, roll-up shutters, impact-resistant windows and doors, the Hurricane Shutter window shop will not be at a sold.
They'll beat any written legitimate quote because when you buy from these people,
you're buying directly from the manufacturer and wholesaler.
So call the Hurricane Shutter and Window Shop at 1-800-538-0191.
They also offer you a cash and carry for you to do it yourself handyman out there.
So if you're serious about hurricane protection customized and engineered specifically for you and your home,
these are the people you want to be doing business with.
Call the Hurricane Shutter window shop, toll free 1-800-538-0191.
Did I mention that the pullman finally showed up yesterday?
Yeah, you did.
How about time, Cliff? You silly man.
Anyway, for Hurricane Shutter window again here, call 1-800-538-0191.
Tell them that adolescent juvenile neal told you to call.
I beg of you, local, this is 560.
The radio's on your phone.
You am.
Clinton, and if you ask me, the only thing more fun than playing grad-ass with a Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers.
One to two.
Power.
I broke in through her bedroom window.
And my name is Jim Mawick.
Now what I did I knew was criminal, but that ain't doesn't do if you play for the fish.
Against my girlfriend for rocker tell me.
That another bitch was someone else's wife.
Oh, man.
For a servant of that was me, and a girl's name.
And I found out when he changed me with a knife.
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
She'd be in bed with her old bitch.
And that's got this other bitch.
He no-filled me now.
There, roll, right wing, not see, Republican mother for her.
All right.
Saint ammonia's boni swed her in their own mothers.
I'll bet you're gonna say that when it comes at your back as they bake you aboard that train.
Right wing, not see, Republican mother for her.
Well, adjusting enough, just have right, feeling the airways with hatred.
The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Bill Hendry and Michael Reagan.
They call the clear channel cost are clearly out to make the message clear.
The right wing, not see, Republican mother for her.
There, roll, right wing, not see, Republican mother for her.
For all the table talking idiots who wouldn't get any dumber.
Absolutely.
That or not, or whatever they are told to believe and worship George as their king.
Right wing, not see, Republican mother for her.
Well, the Democrats who crap their pants like a child's out of scary movie.
Have Terry McCullough who should go home and shut up because he don't have a clue what he's doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
Uh-huh.
And you can color them done.
If they run jolly, they're mine.
Boy, right wing, not see Republican mother for her.
There, roll, right wing, not see, Republican mother for her.
Oh, who get indignant if it isn't them as getting a juicy hunger.
Just remember what I said when it runs in your back as they make you bored that train.
Right wing, not see, Republican mother for her.
Absolutely.
There, roll, right wing, not see, Republican mother for her.
For all the table talking to you, it's a good to get any dumber.
Hey, this is yelling guy, anger Anderson.
Where the hell did they hire these dumb f*** airport security guards?
They're all fat sons of bitches, aren't they?
What are they looking for?
I'm an American, damn it.
Do I look like some terrorists?
When was the last time you saw a terrorist with a flannel shirt from the Walmart and a bent-bilt hat hat?
I have a theory that these little strings they look at actually get pictures of luggage from other airports.
It gives them warnings like we look at porno, they look at luggage.
Ever notice a hair dryer looks like a high-tech Marvin the Martian ray gun in one of those X-ray monitors?
These airport security bastards can spend 20 minutes on my big ol' Bose-Siefus Hank Williams belt buckle
and Miss Paco in front of me, Newell and Dope in his hiding.
All their machines and they can't create one that doesn't go nuts over my belt buckle and steal told s***t-tickers.
Damn.
Oh, I wonder wonder who, but who do I?
We drop the bomb of law.
For a little alley, his legs are now a stump.
Let's thank the boy for making gas cheaper out of fun.
Oh, I wonder wonder who, but who do I?
We drop the bomb of law.
First you brainwash the public to love bush like a guy.
Then you hide the US for all your worker buddies who can't do anything to want you.
Conquer them and tell them give democracy a chance.
Then you feel the genius plunder for oil water and natural gas.
Oh, I wonder wonder who, but who do I?
We drop the bomb of law.
What a few dead babies, they didn't suffer long.
We sure showed them a thing or two.
My country right are wrong.
Here, come on.
I wonder wonder who, but who do I?
We drop the bomb of law.
I wonder why, we got the bomb of law.
We drop the bomb of law.
We drop the bomb of law.
We drop the bomb of law.
We drop the bomb of law.
We drop the bomb of law.
We drop the bomb of law.
We drop the bomb of law.
We drop the bomb of law.
Come and listen to my story about a man named Ted.
A Harvard graduate here invoices in his head.
And then one day he was feeling kind of weird.
He moved to Montana.
And grew himself up there.
He was scared, crazy, that is.
Cycle path, strange eyes.
Well, the first thing you know had begins to prove.
Ken folks said Ted, that's a uniformer dude.
Said California's where the trials gonna be.
So they loaded up the shack and moved it carefully.
Exhibit a jury pose, weird smells.
His lawyer says that Ted's the craziest.
If you don't believe it, just read his manifest.
Ted says he did it cause he hates technology.
And that's why he mailed all those people TNT, male call,
letter bomb, duck and cook.
Well now it's time to say goodbye to Ted and his defense.
He would like to thank you folks for paying the expense.
You're all invited back again to this locality
to buy the first edition of his autobiography.
Soon to be a movie, HBO, Jerry Springer.
Y'all tuning in now you hear?
Oh yeah, we're searching.
Oh, love for the weapons of the structure every day.
We gonna keep searching.
Oh, the more searching happens.
Searching for the weapons of the structure every day.
I know.
There were in there in the first days.
Don't define.
Yeah, how you know from house to house
and under at the road to validate the spin of all those white house love.
If you still need convention to make a democracy and head
for the doors of lion from all over the world.
But we keep on searching.
You know what's that?
Keep looking for proofs of all the new tea here away.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
But you know, say, hey, don't not find it.
No.
Ain't never had there maybe.
No, no, no, no.
We're supporting you by CC.
You a.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Oh, that's it.
That's a rejoined.
Okay.
All the crap you could unwrap.
All the slime all the time.
Baby launch a couple missiles.
Oh.
Tour to place we know.
Yes.
And aim a madame.
Whose first name begins with.
There's one thing we all understand.
Alcatta won't be finished until we blow up Pakistan.
Absolutely.
We could chase around forever with our tanks and all our troops.
Uh-huh.
But special forces are some tired of jumping through them moves.
You throw and we need another airplane.
So let's cut out all the nonsense.
And go blow up Pakistan.
Oh.
Alcatta needs a nuclear tank.
Oh, right.
Why don't we stop for seafood and go blow up Pakistan?
Absolutely.
Boom, boom.
Oh, there's a marvelous place.
I know.
Well, the wealthy people go.
It's where royalty play follow.
And that's what I like about Boka.
A downlit ego's only ever small.
A down where they say,
Helpful.
And every corner has a wall.
And that's what I like about Boka.
Are you sure?
Thank you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
And then grand on our fourth season.
It's been the day in Jewish bakeries.
You should take these delicacies.
That's what I like about Boka.
So please excuse our out of frozen.
And our BMWs are a wee fine pleasure in being ruled.
That's what I like about Boka.
Gucci belt and Rolex watches.
White shoes make us so approaches.
If you're clean, let you touch us.
And that's what I like about Boka.
We really don't care what you think.
You see how a dude who doesn't stink.
There's no coffee.
Only Moka.
And that's what I like about Boka.
That's what I like about Boka.
That's what I like about Boka.
That's what I like about Boka.
That's what I like about Boka.
That's what I like about Boka.
That's what I like about Boka.
Good luck please.
Thanks, everyone.
I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a man, I'm a
man,
Yeah, keep away from that girl
I'm gonna send a move to now
Keep away from soon
She likes to sleep around
Yeah, it's dinner with my bad shit out
We didn't finish our trip call
Now I'm afraid it's falling off here's the moral
I'm sorry for the guy who knows
Use to have a hoax where this fungus grows
Ask any fool that she ever knew
I keep away from the sinfulness to hear
Keep away from that girl
I don't know what to do now
Oh!
In a place that smells just like the bad day I kiss you
Absolutely
If you don't like dressing drag that dreams is really true
Yeah, if you want to bring this up for the later days
It seems all you gotta do is just ask the other day
Food wives as I say that you're qualified by mine
Hakes girls that don't wear pikes that you're qualified by mine
I'm a qualified man who won't take your back
Got us really good friends who feel good with size
Welcome
Well the balls exploded with a mighty crash
Well the hailed ride off their balls
Every turn towel head we got your alla right here
You are a dancer girl
Call a band on the run
Call a band on the run
Call a band on the run
They search it every one
Or call a band on the run
Call a band on the run
Well the balls hit fall and give their desert word
The gands you crunkled down
In the towns we're searching for them everywhere
Oh, stop till they lay themselves
Call a band on the run
Call a band on the run
They're on the run for the good sun
They search it every one
Or call a band on the run
Call a band on the run
We're gonna have a party
Call a band on the run
Call a band on the run
Call a band on the run
Coming up on 125
560 WQ and we got the mad dog
You managed it too
We got the Humber, Hank Goldberg, Ford or whatever
Ford or 630
Marlon pregame show Marlon's on Drek 635 from Shae Stadium
Marlon's at the Metz, try to extend a winning speak over 500
Eddie K follows the baseball game Joe and Mark overnight
668 votes on a full not too shabby
Chunil keeps posting the old bedtime stories on our website
Absolutely very important
Absolutely
346 51.7%
Zelluk solid?
Solid?
I'm a little shaky I think
I'd rather see more naked pictures on a website 138
I rarely read them the 67
Well how about having somebody read them to you?
Like Neil?
I don't know
I only care about the poll 43
49 what about holidays? 49
I don't need to read lots of news websites 42
Well excuse us and I mostly care about the goofy stuff 20SM
26 so that's what stands right now
We want 50% plus
Okay one vote plus over 50% that'll do it won't it?
I'll sweep it this weekend
What? What do you mean this weekend?
Stop writing it
I think it is
In your case I think the answer is yes
26 past 1 at 560 WDQM
Hey this summer everybody's gonna be cooking up a storm outside
Barbecue's the Lord carries the biggest range of Weber grills
and accessories starting with the Weber Smoky Joe
portable charcoal grill
and it's under 28 bucks
It's the perfect grill for any July 4th picnic
or any picnic anywhere anytime
Nobody can be Barbecue's the Lord's incredible selection of top quality grills they carry the best in the universe
A full line of grills including Weber and Viking, Jean, and Jen, and Borrelmaid
and lots of exclusive grills you won't find no play sells like Turbo Barbecue chef, Cookon, and Captain Cook
all at the Guaranteed Lois presses anywhere
Right now at Barbecue's the Lord take advantage of no payment, same as cash financing
until January 2004 on approved credit
This week take home the amazing three burner Cookon grill
our Barbecue's the Lord exclusive this one comes with a host of great features
normally only found on much more expensive grills like
42,000 powerful BTUs, porcelain coated cast iron burgers, and cooking grills in January 625 square inch cooking area 2
You won't find another grill like it for this price not only 349 bucks
and only at Barbecue's the Lord perfect again for your July 4th cookout
Don't forget if you're in the market for Barbecue supplies
if anything out of the sun in the Barbecue field
this is the place if you want to barbecue out in the field
Barbecue's the Lord America's best barbecue store was stores in plantation and university
driving a fountain shopping center called 954 4234
4234
and a cross-brings on the corner sample in Rock Island roads call their 954
7576668
954
7576668
all the top brands unbeatable prices and they treat you great too at Barbecue's the Lord
Barbecue's the Lord America's best barbecue store was store in the Barbecue's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's the Lord America's
the Lord Every night I check him To make sure he's breathing I want to have children Sunday
Stalk as mist us, my husband shooting dust,
It's time you not lay up in need.
Fear far, you spurns in a jar,
I just hope that his voice stay alive.
Just in, they say I have twins,
But I know what to do with not true frozen spurn will survive.
Oh, that's a lot of good is to leave you things that won't.
Don't want to hear about them alone,
I'm fed up with the media blitz,
We know everything about the bitch we need to go.
I don't want to see that smelly home.
300 pounds of tasty pasta, stop hoisting that bitch on us.
Everybody's had a love of that thing that's good.
I don't really care about who she flows.
What else can you say we hear about it every day?
Just take the bitch away, that thing that holds us.
Don't want to hear it going against me,
About her foot and her moving tail, she's just a home.
I'm fed up with the media blitz,
We know everything about the bitch we need to go.
I don't want to hear her full number,
I asked for her a trace,
But you want a long piece of my unmetery.
You said I got a lady,
I got somewhere else to be,
She said I'm gonna run from you.
Don't want to come from you,
Because I said hold my who she is.
Hold my who she is.
Hold my who she is.
Hold my who she is.
Okay.
You did it.
Oh no, another night I keep telling food and I can.
Yo yo yo, man, Cheetah.
Who are you?
It's me, Homeboy ID.
What?
Yo man, pasta I can scare you.
Get down with some Homeboy ID, scary hoe.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah, you gotta can't open her.
Yo man, and Homeboy ID got all kinds of stuff.
And it's all made homestown.
Oh boy.
It's Homeboy ID and it no little service needed.
You can feed the whole crew with all new game size cans.
What's with G, that's large.
Come on man, give it the plan and get the food in the cans.
That tastes like the food in the cans.
Homeboy ID, drive by and pick some off.
The self.
While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death,
the one thing you have to depend on is your car.
With Chukenu Seth on the rise, the people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Car alarm.
Now bring you an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my affordable fail.
You big MF.
Remember when we used to post a packet of carabee and shot at him?
We ought to get a fun of the finish baby.
The white ones are cooler.
Get away from my affordable fail.
You big MF.
What the hell is that?
I object seriously.
For a fatty like that.
I think somebody's got it.
Get away from my affordable fail.
You big MF.
Get away from my affordable fail.
You big MF.
Whenever some bastard tries to steal my car,
I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Eisen.
Get away from my affordable fail.
You big MF.
Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm now.
And receive a free flower antenna.
Get away from my affordable fail.
You big MF.
And hold Jewish guy named Eisen car alarm.
Now available at all's air stores.
And the preview says it will tell us what those crop circles mean.
Were they made by humans or maybe by some little man who I've dreamed?
It was written by M.
I shammered I'm a thing on the guy who did six cents.
But it also feels unfriendly.
We can't get up quite fast.
Whoa, signs, signs that you move.
Be signs, studios hoving in a tingly on spine.
If it does, they'll see lots of dollars.
Be signs.
Mill Gibson plays a farmer with martians in his yard.
And I think that maybe M.
That's Shammoland.
It's trying to wait too hard.
Because those circles weren't made by aliens on a wild track direct.
They were made by Bruce Willis.
Sometimes I'm after a dad.
Whoa, signs, signs that you move.
Be signs, if I'm not more you got to stand in the line.
Get out your eight bucks and pay up for signs.
Signs, signs that you move.
Be signs, studios hoving in a tingly on spine.
So what did I say that we got a long way to go, yeah?
21 till 2 at 560.
Is there anybody on the other end or by talking about you?
No, we're here, right?
Okay, I just sometimes I say something like then.
You just like, I guess just a guest.
Guest?
Were you a guest?
I got a people think maybe ought to be.
Anyway, here's the poll results.
So far we got like 700 votes, I believe.
Don't we give or take?
Look at that.
See, you won't believe me.
But I just flipped, I just flipped it up.
I was not, I couldn't see the number.
Look at the number.
What does it say in years?
Holy crap, rat man.
It says 700.
Anyway, Cheneal keep posting the bedtime stories on a website.
Absolutely, very important.
Absolutely.
362, 51.7%.
That's holding steady until the returns come in from the outline counties.
I'd rather see more naked pictures, 145.
I rarely read them 70.
I only care about the poll, 52.
I don't need it.
I read lots of news websites, 44.
And I mostly care about the goofy stuff, 27.
I want to give you a kiss.
Okay.
Here's a fact from some lady.
About ladies and porno, she says it's not a lack of interest.
It's a lack of subject matter available, especially if you're not interested,
if you are interested in anything fetish related.
Do you get her number?
I say the facts.
Guys just won't allow the pictures to be taken or used on sites.
You think at least the dominate sites, but very disappointing.
She says, and please, don't judge all lady listeners by those who call.
Most of us end up with jobs where we have to be on the phone and all the time it can't call.
Thanks, sweetheart.
We understand that, but there is a percentage of women out there who are really just...
About third, man.
I'm nauseous, and I think I'm being generous at that point.
Cool, cool.
Funny till two. Got the man dog coming along at two o'clock.
I beg your pardon?
Nothing. Nothing.
I didn't say anything.
Well, I'm in a big hurry here, because I don't want to talk too much of this.
Sorry, I don't get paid for that.
We wrote that in the deal.
I can only say a limited number of words, and I wanted to our every Wednesday.
About third, man.
Except for the sponsor course, because they're paying good for it.
A, outside of somebody's paying for it, brandy shoes.
We love our friends at Brandy's, and they love us.
And this year is their 25th anniversary in business in South Florida on a sing great location in prestigious Pompano Beach.
And they got all the top names in a business.
They treat you right. You can't beat their prices.
That's why Brandy's, while so many others have come and gone, are still among growing strong.
They got rock ports, echoes, methistote, timberland, clerks, SAS, floor shine, lots more.
And all the sizes you need, men's size is 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12, and women's width from the very, very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
And don't forget their professional sales staff. Make sure you get a perfect fit every time, which is another reason why so many people love to take their feet right over to Brandy's.
You'll find them at 1290, North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach. Brandy's is open daily 9 to 9 Sundays, 10 to 5.
And all this wicked Brandy shoes, you buy yourself one pair of rock ports, and get the second pair at 50% off.
Everybody and their brother loves rock ports shoes, so it's a really big week to get into Brandy's.
Offers good on all men's and women's rock port styles, except the 7,100 series.
Stop at it Brandy's or check out their website at Brandy's Shoes.com.
My, I am local, I'm here, sports radio, five sissy, she's you, a, yeah.
Neil got out, wq, a,m.
Where the packet is.
And you can have on your, can pack our weight since we're eating today the oily bite of a,m.
Grab those tongues and put the food around as if my diamond could be bound underneath the tray.
But don't forget who's made the bill and who's food you're gonna be.
Your dying, save the last fish for me.
Now food is tasty and the price is low.
I'm not the best, so much.
My favorite thing of all is when I go, I love to find a lens to touch.
Yes, I know, yes, I know.
You eat to a pass, you can get back at when it's time to follow.
Yes, the food is soft, food is soft, and some red, a good, your heart, macaroni and cheese.
I'm still some sweet, a little, but I don't forget who's made the bill and who's food you're gonna be.
Shower time, save the last fish for me.
It's our time, save the last fish for me.
It's our time, save the last fish for me.
The right, the right, all the hard burn.
Don't know every time I see.
Don't know every time I see.
Every time I see.
Don't know every time I see.
He's president of the world, Republican muscle is, and in our kingdom is idiot.
I don't know why they want to have a non-existent, first-rooted act for years.
With president of the world.
I'm not a fucking fan.
Oh, what I get to, I'm gonna vote for sport.
And get to, we all voted for.
Where do I live?
If you want this, don't know the list, drumming, stupid, me.
I'm this drunk and rich yet.
Don't know the easy thing, number them me.
He's president of the fuckers.
Yeah, don't care what it's all.
You got him in my hook or cross, the Christians are.
I know what best you and I have a hell no fear.
We've got a great leader here.
With president of the fuckers.
All the crap you could unwrap.
I'm 28.
And past the few, speaking of president of the fuckers, you know what we forgot to do today?
What?
Is remind our fine audience that today until midnight they can vote on moveon.org.
Indeed.
Indeed our critic primer.
Right.
I make your pardon?
I got an email saying, make sure to remind everybody that's what I just got to.
So thanks for saying to the email, even though they're not listening, from wherever that came from, from moveon.org.
And that's why we're reminded me to come on and say, hey vote for somebody like Bob Graham would be good.
Think about 30 seconds as all would take just a few seconds of your precious time.
But third man.
Moveon.org.
I'll tell you what won't take long and that is a quick trip to Charles N. Feere and get you a good head of hair.
If you think that your bald spot has got to be like saddled with you for the rest of your life,
if you have to walk around like a human reflection, don't do it.
And of course the choice is easy.
You can take those dangerous pills that might kid you won't grow one follicle a hair back.
Or you can put a dead mess red on your head.
Or you can get yourself a great looking head of hair from Chuck Alfieery.
Right now Charlie's having a summer special for the special hair system offers only 549 bucks for first time customers.
If you already have a hair system, you can say 50% on service and repair it all types of hair systems, including shampoo and trim.
Choice like I said, as you can look great like Bob Eisenberg, who used to look like a clown when he went to somebody else.
Or you could look like Moe.
Do you know what I'm saying?
No.
So no look like a fool, no Moe.
Give Charles Alfieery a try.
And you got nothing to lose but the ballspot because you're given this squadron tea.
You try one of Charlie's hair systems for 30 days.
FUTTERD MAN!
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting lots and lots and lots of action, lots of action, return it for a full refund.
Charles Alfieery, you calm today's home that old Neal tweeted.
Call 1-800-321-2413.
That's 1-800-321-2413, or log onto their world famous website, Charles Alfieery.com.
And look, this is Sports Radio 560.
Way to go, yeah.
Absolutely.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's round on queer street.
He has a house and garden.
I would love to see what happens.
Hitches, toes and pets, feels monkey.
Women clothes, they can look real monkey.
He has a whizz, whizz, and knows what to do.
Yeah.
He wants me and he.
Not you.
He lives on queer street.
Here at the floor, where all the creatures think.
I wonder what they're doing here.
He said you like a judge fine.
How many does?
You don't use a lot like I know you.
He lives on queer street.
Linger's round on queer street.
He has a house and a house garden.
I don't know what it is about.
Now, why are there little voices or big noses?
Goofy, hot, tiny little meckles?
I don't know.
They just rub me the wrong way.
And my stomach is a lips and every speech I love regains its in the news.
Oh, boy, Hillary hates Jews.
Stealing hatred through balls, dusting people's months of all.
It's in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
You won't catch your life in a manorah.
No.
God, you must have a wonderful aura.
When she speaks, I want a cry.
She could use a good rap by it's in the news.
Hillary hates Jews.
Men, while I'm the critic, who will he know?
Who's angry all the time?
When he'll his own vacation, then the show becomes a vine.
He'll let my do the show, the genre that I like the best.
Makes all the sportfuls nervous, because it's only about sex.
He'll call me a mumbleer.
He says I'm a mumbleer.
Yes, because I don't know.
Well, the reason why I sound.
Like I just can't spit it out.
It's all the big sores in my mouth.
Now and then you'll hear me lift when I start to talk like this.
Well, here's a tip on how you can define my diet, right?
It's probably about those pals of mine and Palestine.
And if my wife gets pregnant with another baby girl,
I'll hop right into my SUV and probably drive to the store.
I'm a mumbleer.
He'll say I'm a mumbleer.
Yes, because I go home.
Absolutely.
I'm a mumbleer.
I'm a mumbleer.
History has been changed, and the history channel is committed to keeping you informed.
With a full line up of previously scheduled programming, starting in eight,
its histories lost and found where are Liza Manelli's big pantaloonies
and a special two-hour presentation of martyred marbles,
the waffle iron.
Where will we be today without this morning pastry?
Tonight, only on the History Channel.
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded to dammit people killed
with the gas that we sold him.
First time aggressor nation and the only one that's going.
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing.
Forget about Korea and the notes they're talking about.
Right wing is drilling it over and over into our hip.
That irack has some weapons of master's instruction.
The Middle Eastern world will be destroyed by the fire.
The Middle Eastern world will be destroyed by the fire.
Three thousand people killed.
I now forgotten let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be counted.
Going after sent down to Plankato, Sama.
There's no longer mention of the name in Lotton.
But no one seems concerned all.
Come be in complacence, believe in every word of this cartel in administration.
That controls us by fear through media manipulation and the right wing.
Is drilling it over and over into our hips.
That irack has some weapons of master's instruction.
Absolutely.
The loss of civil rights is the price that we're paying.
We're all suspects now.
Not the ass drop is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, partners, all are saying.
Lino-beenian, cattle don't have any reservations.
Out of provoked battle and world annihilation.
Older shins must fall, his hammered virgin and stoke.
With no objection at all.
Till the crack don't have a ball and a right wing.
Is drilling it over and over into our brain washman.
I rack has some weapons of master's instruction.
All the crap you can unwrap, all the slime all the time.
Bye, bye, bye.
Then you'll run your show on classic video in QA.
I am Carlos, when famous inner boy.
Bity, bity, bity, bity, bity, bity, bity, c.
