I wanted that.
Well, congratulations, get alive.
Saturday morning, trying full Winkled Game Oats and his bully buddies, Satam Hussein.
Oh, for the mad cat, misadventures of Iraqi and full Winkled.
TV, TV, TV, TV, TV, the United Nations is about to speak.
Who cares? Give me that crystal ball.
Ah!
Second, he got up on the wrong side of the bunker.
Perhaps a poem will help.
Satam, Satam, your one-wacked out dude.
And just like your oil, your smelly and groom.
Aha! And most did you see your squirrel friend?
Oh, you mean Rocky? Sure. He's over there.
And over there? And over there?
Oh, my Rocky! What do you know about this, Satam?
Don't ask me. Ask my auntie.
Auntie? Auntie who?
And the aircraft.
Oh, no!
Join us next time for oils. Well, that ends well.
Or, kiss your gas goodbye.
Hey, moose, what's weather forecast for today?
For me, uh-oh.
Here, Rocky and full Winkled. Saturday morning on New Calonion.
Well, let's hear it for George and a great job he did last week. Come on.
Ah! Come on, let's get with it.
Oh! There you go.
1688 votes on your pool.
Pretty heavy duty. Yeah, with the weekend.
Who's been the worst president last hundred years, George,
and as done Friday in between talking about, uh, it's an Aussie.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
Huh? That's a new one.
Well, I'm letting you know when we have to censor our language on here.
We don't want to get to, you know, don't we have balls?
Isn't that... Oh, don't be saying that.
We'll get to that momentarily.
And of course, I'll try to... Before I start it on the ear today,
try to get the definitive word from Muff,
who has no balls, and we all know that.
But he, uh, me, in fact, I said what's the story?
Is that Billboard upper down? He went like that.
But we'll get to that story.
Is wacky Jackie Thompson's after it again.
He's after the Hercune's, and he's after the dolphins,
and after the Panthers.
Only the Hurricanes caved in Don Eshalela, calling up Greg Reed,
and that Billboard's disgusting, we got balls.
I need to break the news to you, Don,
but every sports station in America,
only wish that we could take the credit for being original enough or not.
Since promotion is not our middle name.
But every sports station in the country uses that in their advertising,
we got balls, you know?
And here's the woman that was secretary of HHH under President Blowjob,
and she's all offended because we got the UM logo on a billboard
that says WQ and we got balls.
Oh my god, Donna!
I bet you, Janorino's got bigger balls than Greg Reed, don't you think?
Absolutely.
I mean, Greg, if you came into this, seriously, you talk about Usi.
Well, that's what I can say.
He's a pussy, is what he is.
Right.
See, the times you can say it, and times you can't say it.
And you can't say it.
No.
Because if you say it, we know what you're thinking about.
WQM general manager, Greg Reed, said the station will grant you labels
wish by either removing UM's logo or taking it on the billboard.
Oh my god.
So I think I told Muff, I think what we ought to do is take that billboard,
put a big picture of Greg Reed on there with some duct tape over his mouth,
and it just says WQM, no balls.
Another good idea?
Sure.
If he caves into that, this is a man.
Every time somebody farts, he's ready to throw in the towel.
OK, whatever you say.
Wow.
Anyway, the good thing he's not over there in the outskirts of Baghdad, you know,
embedded, embedded.
Oh, don't get me started.
I'm going to get to that momentarily.
If I hear that word one more freaking time embedded in an embedded crap.
So how about that Michael Moore at the Oscars last night?
I've invited fellow documentary nominees on the stage with us.
And we would like to, they are here.
They are here in solidarity with me because we like nonfiction.
We like nonfiction and we live in fictitious times.
We live in the time where we have fictitious election results that elects a fictitious president.
We live in a time where we have a man sending us to war.
For fictitious reasons, whether it's the fictitious of duct tape or the fictitious of orange
alerts, we are against this war, Mr. Bush.
Shame on you, Mr. Bush.
Shame on you.
I do like that.
Oh, you didn't get to the back part.
Van for about what he means, about the Pope.
And at any time, you've got the Pope's fictitious against death.
It's back and it's up.
You got to hold something back.
See you never learned.
You got to hold it.
Sorry.
Van for me for 15 seconds.
OK.
Oh, I guess they're cleaning up a hallway and it sounded like somebody was coming in the door.
Oh, no.
Not a home in the evening.
Maybe we can have a guest on the show, huh?
Maybe it's suds.
1688 votes on your poll from Friday.
Who's been the worst president in the last 100 years?
George W. Bush wins hands down your pants.
Oh!
Let's hear it for the W. Meister in spite of the preapers.
776 votes, 46%.
Say, W was the worst president in the last 100 years.
And you know what?
Anybody that voted for that?
Absolutely correct.
Not even close.
And the poll wasn't close either by any standard.
Jimmy Carter 208, Bill Clinton 188, Bubba, with the blue dress on.
George H. Bush, George Herbert Walker, Bush 113.
Read his lips.
Ronald Reagan 104.
He forgot how good he was.
Richard Nixon only 103.
How do you like that?
That's what you want to know if that is right?
Right, don't you?
And it's the age factor.
Right.
Don't you notice as you go down the list, I mean, let's face it.
We don't have that many 110 year olds listening.
Right.
A few.
Lyndon B. John.
See, look at the drop off from Nixon Johnson.
Nixon 103, LBJ only 49.
The man at the, helped us bring 58,000 kids back in body bags from Vietnam.
Only 49 for LBJ.
How soon they forget?
Gerald Ford 35, Herbert Hoover 34, Warren G. Harding 24 in the T-Pot Dome.
Remember that?
T-Pot Dome scandal?
No.
And then he died and gave us silent Cal, Calvin Coolidge.
I know my president's mister.
I don't know anything else.
John F. Kennedy 17, you know who those people are.
They're all the people.
They're all the people.
Yeah, all your people.
Come on Easter, come on Easter.
William Howard, now this is, this is so inane, you know, these polls.
William Howard Taff had 12.
What, what can you tell me distinguishing about William Howard Taff?
Didn't he have a mustache?
Yeah.
All right.
He had a big fat head and a big mustache.
That's it.
And Teddy Roosevelt replaced him.
He had glasses and a big fat head and a bigger mustache.
William Howard Taff had 12.
I have no idea why.
Calvin Coolidge, Nine, Franklin Roosevelt 5, which that's, I mean, whatever.
Harry Truman had four.
Woodrow Wilson's three, Dwight Eisenhower's three, and Teddy Roosevelt had only one.
So you take those bottom several there and they're like, well, all of them after John
Center's small potatoes.
Even after Nixon they're all small potatoes.
So there's what the audience says.
George W. Bush, the worst president in the last 100 years.
And of course that's unpretiotic to say that because the American people, so many of
them are so, and listen, I can't blame them in a large part.
Because first of all, the education sucks.
And number two, the media, you talk about propaganda and brainwashing.
You can't complain about the coverage of the war on the American news networks, including
the cable networks, because basically there isn't any.
No, you're just making that up.
You have 30% news and 70% propaganda because we've got all these guys embedded.
All right.
That's right.
They're embedded.
So they have no objectivity, no credibility.
They're part of the caravan.
It's on one hand showing them just, just barreling through the desert, unimpeded.
And then you turn over to the BBC or the CBC, and they're saying, well, guess what?
Kasa is not in a lion's hands yet.
What do we call it now is that the alliance is at the coalition.
The coax, excuse me.
Yeah.
Used to be the allies.
Now it's the coalition because there's only like basically two.
Australia's got a few in it and there's 70 pollogues.
That's it.
It's American Britain against the world.
80,000 people marched in Toronto here on Saturday against the war.
200 and some thousand in New York, hundreds of thousands, probably over a million people
all around the world marching, protesting every day.
Oh, yeah.
Are they listening?
No.
Not.
Did you?
No.
Well, you see a lot of it on the BBC and the CBC because they're actually showing objective
news as opposed to propaganda.
And anybody out there, this is just a little viewing tip.
You do what you want.
It's a free country, at least as of this moment to a point.
But if you want to find out what's going on in the world, do not watch CNN.
Not just because I hate CNN because they're trying to outright wing even Fox.
I mean, they're so middle of the now they're like shooting each other on camera.
I got you.
Well, you know, but they're so far behind.
They're so far behind even MSNBC that it's laughable.
And here they claim that they're the worldwide news network.
They're like an hour to an hour and a half behind everything.
And I will say this thanks to me last week.
Well, what was it?
Was a week ago Friday already?
I don't know.
It couldn't have been.
It was this last Friday.
It's right.
I keep thinking I'm confused because I said in here, I entered, I interrupted the show,
which I apologize for.
I was great.
Everybody loved that.
And I fact you the information from a city, Paul's news here in Toronto.
I fact you because they had it on before anybody that the shock and awe on all this other
crap was going to start within the hour.
Shlok and flaw.
So you had it on before even the network said it on right.
And sure enough, less than I think we had it on about quarter after 11 and like about
10 past noon.
La Bomba man, the big one started wrapping.
So how do you like that?
WQAM with our vast news resources around the world.
We are beat everybody on that.
Now we got another one of these Tommy Frank's deals.
Come on speak Tommy speak.
And he don't want to say anything.
Well, you can even see the, there's zero.
I'm sorry.
I thought it was on your end.
We found a number of these aircraft in a variety of places, including in some cases near
the cemetery.
The second image is an air.
Well, we don't want to do images on a radio doing probably not a good idea.
Okay, before we get all the other good stuff in my feelings about this outrageous illegal
so-called war before we talk about that.
And let me just tell you right now, you can say whatever you want.
It's a free country.
All right.
But if you think you're going to convince me, you're going to be in a very, very sorry
state by the time you hear the dial tone because it ain't going to happen.
It's not going to happen.
Nobody's going to sell me on this.
Well, they're finding these weapons of mass destruction.
Now these chemicals, they found a, yeah, and as if we didn't know they got weapons of
mass destruction, you know, just think of the irony about us using as an excuse for invading
Iraq.
The fact that we know that they have weapons of mass destruction.
First of all, number one, they got them from us.
Number two, while these gigantic explosions, these enormous cruise missiles are blowing
off and bagged that, blowing up all these buildings.
While innocent people are dying, thankfully not as many as might have been so far, but
there will be on both sides.
And we're talking about weapons of mass destruction.
It wasn't so pathetic.
It would be amusing.
It would be hysterically funny.
Like yesterday, the righteous indignation about, oh, they're violating the Geneva Convention
and whether treating our prisoners of war.
And I should tell you, the BBC and the CBC both showed all of the footage.
Okay.
And yes, the bodies it was grizzly was disgusting.
But guess what?
Haven't we all seen the pictures of the American troops being dragged naked through the streets
of Somalia?
Mm-hmm.
Haven't we seen those a million times?
Yeah.
Haven't we seen the treatment by the Americans?
In fact, and the CNN, and human rights wives both have condemned the United States.
Far treatment of the Taliban prisoners in Gitmo have they not?
Sure.
Didn't we have the one prisoner down there who died after allegedly being tortured?
Excuse me, interrogated?
Right.
Question.
Yeah.
Interviewed.
Let me do the break.
Okay.
See now you're getting me all worked up.
Then we'll get to today's pool.
And I'll listen to some of the stuff from these people.
And we also will throw on as soon as they get through them with this propaganda conference.
Here we'll throw on some of the real news.
But I'll tell you one more time.
And it's not any one of them.
It's not just Fox with their right wing propaganda, which I don't watch and I couldn't
get it here anyway.
I don't want to see it.
It's all of them.
The three commercial networks, CNN, MSNBC, it's a 90% I said 70.
I was underestimating.
90% propaganda, 10% news.
And this business of being embedded with the troops, what a wonderful way.
You know, like Bob Arnett says on MSNBC, well, you know, we spent so much time with these
individual soldiers, we get to know them.
We have a personal feeling for them.
Well, where's the object?
Who's going to be?
There's no news coverage in there.
And while they're showing David Bloom, roaring with the tanks through the desert in the meantime,
we're only seeing even Rumsfeld admitted, we're only seeing slices of what's really going
on.
You damn right, we are.
Because while on the butcher, we is going on in Bosra and all these other places,
Al Qasar, all that stuff.
We're not getting to see that.
So you're getting selective coverage from the embedded journalists who have a you get
to take care of.
No.
I'm sure you will.
913 at 560 WDQM, if you're still reluctant about ordering a bet over the phone, I can't
imagine why because over a million people have done it, including me.
And hundreds more are doing it every week from our friends at Dialometris.
We talk about Dialometris all the time because they're the best in the business.
And every day when you wake up in the morning, if you had a great night's sleep, you feel
a lot better.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now and you'll have a great night's sleep guaranteed from
the good folks at Dialometris.
They got the best in the world, too.
All the top brands, no off brands, they've got CLE, SIRTA, Simmons, King, Coral, every
size and style imaginable.
They're ranked number one customer satisfaction, too.
They got more repeat referral customers than anybody else because they know how to treat
you right.
And once you buy a mattress from Dialometris, you'll never go back to schlepping around
to those betting in departments stores to get ripped off again.
And don't forget when you do buy from Dialometris, they set up the brand new one and take
away the old betting for free.
You heard me right, Dialometris sets up the new betting and takes away your crappy old
smelly soiled, stained betting for free.
So make the easy call now.
You'll get a great night's sleep for months and years to come.
Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, 1-800-MAT-PRIS for our friends at Dialometris.
918-560-W-Q, is it real or is it Sodom?
Is it Memorax, huh?
Let's check that mold.
I have to keep chuckling.
Every time we see another one of these videos, he had another one this morning in case
he missed it.
Another press conference or not a press conference.
The another tape addressed to the Iraqi people.
They don't do too many press conferences over there.
And again, the same old business.
Well, we don't know when he made this tape.
Okay.
Maybe he made like 500 tapes.
Maybe he's been just taping away, you know?
Sounds awesome.
I like Daisy Ruhal over again.
Doesn't it look like with Osama Yamama?
Is he dead?
Is he alive?
Then these tapes keep popping up.
Anyway, here's our poll today.
Which of these statements best describes you're feeling about the Iraq attack?
Now, maybe more than one of these might, you know, you might agree with.
But which of these statements best describes you're feeling about the Iraq attack?
Six choices.
It's about liberating the Iraqi people.
It's long overdue.
Let's roll.
It's all about oil and world domination.
It's mostly political.
It's a grotesque waste of human life or Iraq represented no threat to the USA.
There are some good choices on there.
You know, sure, tough choices.
If you ask me, it's about liberating the Iraqi people.
It's long overdue.
Let's roll.
It's all about oil and world domination.
It's mostly political.
It's a grotesque waste of human life.
Or Iraq represented no threat to the USA.
Those are your six choices on your Roger's dot com.
The poll is up now, I believe, or we just the only two that voted.
Huh?
I voted.
Well, how come I don't see anything else?
Maybe it's only up for us.
Oh, that's right.
Because I didn't read it yet.
So maybe Eric hasn't put it up for the general pubic yet.
Let's take a look.
Reload.
Let's take a look.
You're very slowly, but not so sure.
But I don't have time to waste with that.
Now, it's it's not.
It's should be up now, Eric.
Sometime like in our lifetime would be good.
I can wait.
What a great job Carlos did over the weekend with our bedtime stories and with that little
nice little banner on there.
Neils coming back from vacation.
Oh, right.
Since the radio station always does such a great job of promoting things like that.
That's right.
We got those billboards, baby.
What we do need today is a spy report.
No, seriously, it's not as clueless as usual.
We need a spy report from the audience that one on 441 North of Sheridan Street.
The one that says we got balls.
We need to find out a if they billboard is still up and b if the U.M. logo is still on there.
I think we're changing it to we had balls.
Yeah, we know it would be good.
We had balls and don't forget, by the way.
Eric, I'm getting blown.
So if there's anybody out there who wonders over the years why I've developed this intense
distaste for the University of Miami and everything associated with it.
Here's another classic example of the kind of blue nose, holier than now, attitude.
And it doesn't make any difference whether it's Donna Shalela or anybody that preceded her.
It's just the same mentality.
Our stuff don't stink, man.
Even with the history of crap that's going on in that university.
Oh, my God.
That's outrageous.
It's disgusting.
You're right, wacky, Jackie.
We got to call Greg and make sure they take us off of it.
We don't want to be associated with something as filthy as we got balls.
Man, lighten up just a little.
Will you sweetheart?
Should we take a caller too since I see we only got a couple on the board anyway?
And I will have to get to your big contest there with your hot George can't get laid contest.
Okay.
Here's Miramar.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Michael Moore for president, man.
Yeah.
Amen.
Before I forget, bowling for Columbine out on DVD April 22nd.
I preordered mine the last night.
Oh, excellent.
Yes.
And I don't know what schmuck were booing.
I know Schwartz was there.
You see, let me make sure people understand.
Most of those people said after were that they were booing, not his stand on the war or on push.
But they were booing the fact that he was out of the, they didn't like the decorum of it.
And it was inappropriate because they be seats them all to keep their mouth shut.
No, it would have been much better for them to plug their new movie coming out on Friday.
That's right.
That's exactly right.
You know, and I heard so much crap about artists shouldn't be allowed to protest or say anything.
And I thought, yeah, why is it that they, who took away their right to speak freedom of speech?
Why can't they make a statement like, I can or you can't or anybody else?
Which leads me to probably next observation about what qualifies as news in this country.
The multi-tentical CC radio company, they're running what they call CC news.
But all it is is Yahoo's from all over the country calling in their opinions.
Your opinion is not news, unless it's Fox News Channel.
Also, I-
You'll be, if I can interrupt for a second, you'll be pleased to know that clear channel communications over the weekend sponsored in Fort Wayne and through your four other media markets around the country.
Pro War rallies.
Pro War troop rallies.
Like clear channel communication.
Good for them.
And I'm up to here with, well, what's the community saying about?
I really don't care.
I got my own opinion.
And which leads me to the other observation, all these generals serving as experts.
Yeah.
Thank God we've got a lot of retired generals and admirals and whatever.
Well, I sat there watching Broca, who I think otherwise done a pretty good job.
But based in there with four retired military guys.
And you know what it reminded me of?
The NFL today on Fox.
Yeah.
Same kind of mentality.
Well, you just don't know what point I could tell you've been there.
Yada, yada, yada.
Then I flipped over while that other general McCabby, who used to be the drug star, was I with Katie Quirk.
She never got to finish a sentence.
I kept wishing she would grab him by the grines.
They pal, I make 14 million.
This is my sandbox.
Let me finish a sentence.
Yeah.
Not that I care what she says, but it just shows what ill mannered Yahoo.
Some of these military guys can be.
I, you know, I, I, I want to make these guys come back alive as possible.
That's the point.
If we support the troops, we should want all the rest of them.
The ones who are still alive in a one piece to come back alive as soon as possible.
And I continue this butchery and insanity, which is all over the, they're there.
To call the first of all to be talking about.
They're doing violating the Geneva Convention.
And they're doing this illegally and so on and so forth.
This war is illegal.
This war is in total violation of the UN Convention.
It's totally illegal invasion.
If that was the problem, why didn't we send all the lawyers over there?
We sent soldiers, right?
Yeah.
I mean, it's just nonsense.
And let's face it.
And also, let me point out, which I'm sure you've seen it over the weekend.
They've shown hundreds and thousands of Iraqi prisoners who have surrendered.
Right.
And they've shown them with their hands over their heads and marching.
And some of the footage went on for a considerable period of time.
Why is it not acceptable for us to humiliate them by putting the money and showing their faces?
That's okay, but it's not acceptable for them to put on the faces of the American POWs.
I mean, you can't defend what they did.
It's grotesque in their bushes and barbarians, but we do the same thing.
I think the only difference is when they're showing you're right about the bias.
I flipped over to BBC and you're absolutely right.
It's like a different world.
It is. It's funny because they're involved.
They're on our side and they don't have problems telling the truth.
Now do they?
And the best part of it is the CDC, which is not involved in the more thin goodness.
The CDC is the best of them all.
The most objective and they've been ripping the crap out of the American networks.
I love it.
That's eight years ago.
One more thing.
Yes sir.
I've noticed Fox has sent...
I don't watch Fox.
Well, they've sent their dreamtie over there.
Heraldo and Oli.
Oh, there you go.
Now, now I feel safe.
Have a great day.
Fight the power, Neil.
Thanks.
Yeah, I can see I'm going to be, you know, your way out there on the limb, Neil.
75% of the country agreed.
You know what?
I couldn't care if it was 95% of the country are buying this bullcrap because the American
public is brainwashed.
Let me give you one example.
A real quick example of the kind of behavior the American public is in.
And you're dealing with stupid, stupid people for the most part.
So they had the incident at the hockey game in Montreal a few nights ago where they booed the
American national anthem, which was grotesque and unacceptable.
And of course, that's the frogs.
I've always told you.
The French Canadians, the French and France.
The French are pigs.
I've always told you that.
A lot before any of this business with the war.
And so what happens at the Macarena when Ottawa plays their own Saturday night?
They play the Canadian national anthem.
Oh, Canada.
And a lot of those brilliant Panther fans.
I shouldn't say Panther fans.
They're just, they're just assholes in seats, you know, free tickets.
And so they respond.
If you want to act, Boris, well, guess what?
We can show you what Boris really is and we'll put you to shame.
So we'll vote for Oh Canada.
Now, meantime, Buffalo played the Leafs here in the air Canada center on Saturday night
where the Pat Crowd is always.
And when they play the American national anthem,
not only were there no booze, but the crowd was applauding and sheering and singing the national anthem all the way through.
That's a difference.
But of course, well, you know, Canada, they're not joining with us.
So it's all those Canadians.
72% of Canada, by the way, and it pulls over to weekend, agree with Prime Minister Critchin.
They're opposed to the war and they're glad he didn't participate.
Yep, but their brainwash.
And that doesn't mean, and you'll notice in these demonstrations around the world,
the one theme that's consistent.
We don't hate America.
We don't hate Americans.
We hate George W. Bush in this administration.
Just keep that in mind.
I know it's very complex for the nimble American mind.
And I can see we have one call on the board.
This is amazing to me.
This is astonishing to me.
But the American public just, you know, so brainwashed and they can't separate the wheat from the chaff, you know?
They don't hate the American people, but they hate this administration and they hate what they're doing.
Which is easy for me to understand.
927 at 560 WQM, all you homeowners out there is there anything worse than going out to the backyard
especially when it's 100 degrees outside like lately?
For a nice, refreshing swim, you look into that once beautiful pool of yours and saying,
holy crap, what happened here?
Your pool is stained, dirty, might be cracking.
Well, don't look at that mess anymore.
Just say, no more ugly pool and call our friends Atlantic Marseille.
These guys aren't pool guys who want to clean the surface out of a pickup truck.
They are a real construction company.
They use his full-time employees, not subcontractors.
Atlantic Marseille specializes in the most incredible innovation at the pool of business, Diamond Bright.
Atlantic Marseille has been pouring it on for 12 years.
They're licensed and insured professionals.
They even train other companies internationally how to do Diamond Brighting right.
And they'll give you the same price they give to the contractors.
So whether you're in North Miami, Broward or Palm Beach, call these folks.
They do a super job for you Atlantic Marseille.
They're the biggest installers of Diamond Bright anywhere in South Florida.
They'll come to you, give you a free estimate with no obligation.
They also perform pool and deck renovations custom lighting pool heating exotic water features too.
For the very best call Atlantic Marseille Tool Free, 1-800-558-888
Tarnished with the sewer of this place.
There.
Oh, why are there so many stars in Hollywood?
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
This is the one.
I think they are trash talking quarter-on closed-ooo sale.
There, yeah.
Where the line is.
I'd say thus hearing.
There, bleeding, fart, sharing.
Why don't they go live with a veil?
Most of them have not made a hit movie in over 50 years.
Why are there so many stars in our only one?
Who think we care where they stay?
I want more babygoes.
Here's the confusion there under the illusion
Light, light, move, and stand for a plan.
Now no one sleeps at Michael's house.
Susan, so when did Tom Cruise and Goodyheart
send them all the telegrams?
Yeah, what's white powder in his mouth?
Let's find we living in tell them to sit before half of them
and go live with something.
933 at 560 WQM, so the markets that were zooming up there
for the end of the week after the bombing started,
just zooming up.
Well already it's only been open three minutes to downtown 119 and
Azdaq down 35.
And they were saying, well they saw the initial shock at all
and this is going to be a real clean and aseptic war
and it's going to be a piece of cake and it's going to be just a cake walk
through a rack and we're going to go into Baghdad and we're going to knock them all off
and set up a wonderful democratic government and that's going to be like that.
Just like we did in Afghanistan or not.
Not.
Right.
And you see this takes me back to Vietnam because it was exactly the same thing.
In the beginning every war it's always the same.
The people are as predictable as the weather in the North Pole.
In the beginning as soon as the first bombs start dropping,
everybody jumps on a bad wagon because again,
don't confuse the American people with thinking.
Supporting our troops which we all do hopefully,
supporting our troops is not the same as supporting the government.
And supporting the country isn't the same as supporting whatever corrupt
administration happens to be in power at this given moment,
which is the case right now.
And as far as I'm concerned, there are a bunch of quotes.
My feeling at this point is I wouldn't believe anything the American government said
under any circumstances.
I'd have to triple check it.
Whether it was Bush, whether it was Bubba, no matter who,
whether it was Tom Dashel with his big stupid mouth,
they're all a bunch of imbistals.
They're all a bunch of crooks.
And here we have all these people being butchered,
these innocent lives, these little children,
some of America's finest young people are over there.
Sakuradadi, I don't know if they showed the pictures anywhere down there.
Again, they showed the still pictures.
But if you were to see the actual interviews of these prisoners of war,
they're scared, crapless, which we don't blame them, you know?
And maybe the other five bodies that they showed there,
maybe they were executed.
This goes on, this is war, man, this is hell.
War isn't a cakewalk.
It's not just some wonderful, glorious flag waving event
where you just go in there and roll through a baby,
and look at on a pull, there we got the 16 people say it's long overdue.
Let's roll.
Let's roll.
War by cliche.
Well, we're embedded with a hundred and first.
And then how about that episode of Camp Pennsylvania, huh?
Yeah.
All of these crazy things were shoot down a British plane by accident
with friendly fire.
There's a time of hell.
Oops, sorry, too late.
And speaking of missiles, there was a good,
the documentary on CBC over the weekend.
Thank God for the CBC.
That's all I can tell you.
And it was all about the first Gulf War,
about the Scud missiles and the Raytheon Corporation,
who manufactured the Scuds.
And here was President George Herbert Walker, Bush, Bush 41,
Bush number one, whatever you want to call him,
which could be a lot of things.
And he's honored, proudly announcing that thanks to the Scud missiles,
we were able to knock down 37 or 39.
We intercepted the Scuds that Saddam Lobs, yes, it fit all.
That Saddam Lobs that Israel.
Then they go to Moshe errands, who was the Israeli defense minister
at that time.
He says, well, that's news to us because by our count,
39 or 39, they missed.
They didn't hit any of them.
But in the meantime, Raytheon, thanks to the Bush administration,
was selling Patriot missiles and these were the first version
to properties all over the world.
They were making millions and millions and maybe billions of dollars
on Patriot missiles that in those days, 20 years ago,
or 12 years ago didn't work.
Well, you just keep believing all the bull crap and a propaganda you get
from your networks and you continue being ignorant.
And as far as the Hollywood reason, I played that bit
and the other caller alluded to it.
Why is it necessary to keep restating the obvious?
Are the American people really that stupid?
Well, you know, these people have a right to speak.
And why do we have to keep doing this disclaimer about what you know,
the protesters, they've got to write, yeah, and is that something new?
Like every time a bunch of people protest the action to the government
and the USA, we have to keep reminding people,
well, they've got to write to do that.
Yeah.
Haven't they always had that right?
A alleged, accepted Kent State.
Got to, you know, some action.
The audience there, yeah.
This to me is like Vietnam all over again.
And the same thing there, oh, it's Hannahweijan,
and it's all these bad people, the joy.
The callons and all these other rabble rousing, yeah.
That was in the beginning.
And then years later, 12 years later,
when we couldn't get out of there,
we had 58,000 kids coming home in body bags.
We had to leave with our tail between our legs.
Finally.
Then everybody was on to it.
You know, then they were all running around marching with peace signs.
They forgot.
I see.
Well, I didn't forget.
And thank God for people like Mike Ferell and Martin Sheen,
some of these other people that have the balls,
think it up and say, you know, this is a pile of crap.
Sure, these people are respected because of the fact that, yeah,
whatever they do, and so they have a right to use their,
their bully pulpit or whatever you want to call it.
They're forum to express an opinion.
Why not?
Who the hell of these assholes in Congress running around like Tom Dashel
and all these other, any of them, you pick one.
Pontificating one day, saying, you should have seen the interview.
CBC did what John Edwards over the weekend.
Man, he was foaming at the mouth because they were asking questions he didn't like.
You know, John Edwards from North Carolina with that thing on his lip.
Well, we got to support our troops and blah, blah, blah.
They have weapons of mass destruction.
See, make up your mind.
It's about weapons of mass destruction, which it will be if they find these chemicals turned out to be something evil.
Uh-huh.
Is it about regime change?
Is it about liberating the Iraqi people?
It's kind of like a multiple choice war.
Which you pick and decide, which one of these it's really all about?
Which one do you like best?
I don't like any of them.
What I like best is bringing everybody home alive and stop the butchery and stop lying to the God and the American public
and stop doing things for fun and profit for the American Nazi party,
which is basically what we got in Washington.
It's the soul of the God and government.
Michael Moore is right on target, boys and girls.
Right on target.
We had an election stolen from the public right in front of our eyes.
And you know something, the bottom line to all of this speaking of the media coverage.
None of this, none of it.
What that's happened in the last two years could possibly have happened without the American media.
And I'm not just talking about television.
I'm talking about like a Washington Post.
It's been all gung ho on his war.
The American media meant so all this crap about wow, the left wing bias.
It's a bunch of bull crap.
Now you got CNN this really frantically trying like I said before to outright wing the Fox News Network
because Fox is still whipping her ass.
So well, everybody out there, please take two quick steps to the right.
Two quick, go steps to the right and then maybe we'll be on target.
So to speak.
Tommy Frank is pontificating by the way.
Press.
Asian press.
Here you go.
That's a reason I'm putting it.
I'll put some stuff on later when there's new news or something that's going on.
Have you run on top of it?
But that he's just pontificating.
And again, I'm not knocking him, but you know, he's doing his job.
Just like when he were interrogating those prisoners of war yesterday and they said to them,
what are you doing here?
And the response was, I'm doing my job.
Why did you come here?
I was told I'm doing my job.
And isn't that sad?
And I got a very sad story that somebody facts me here about one of the first casualties of war.
I'll get to that makes you want to cry.
I'm going to ramble on here, man, because you know, and I see this a couple of calls here and there.
It's typical soft load of response.
I don't give a crap.
And I also don't give a crap if there's anybody out there that is one.
If you don't want to hear it, turn on Dr. Laura and hear it tell everybody against the wars of Communists,
bring back that old crap.
I thought other than China, the Communists were pretty much all gone.
Not according to Dr. Laura, according to the law of China and Cuba.
She's the kind of thing that I'm going to say.
How could you forget?
I'm trying to forget.
Thank you, but let me go.
But Miguel won't let me.
941.
So what are we going to do that?
It's an Aussie thing of yours.
It's ready to go as soon as they put it up there.
We got some pictures in, so that's good to go.
Well, now how are we going to do that?
Because now we're going to have to do a, huh?
It's just another poll.
The pictures will go up there.
They'll be able to go up there.
Can we do that poll tomorrow?
What poll?
The who's hot?
Yeah.
We could, but we want to give the prize to Waydemar.
The convention starts on Wednesday.
Yeah, but we can do it like in the first hour.
Okay.
Because that'll give the audience a chance to look at the pictures once we get them up there on our website
and evaluate them and squeeze themselves a little bit and see what's going to work the best for them.
Whenever and give it away tomorrow.
Right.
Okay.
So we'll do that the first hour because I don't want to take this poll down right now because it might have,
it might be a little something more important in terms of public opinion than whether who's got the hottest to ask, you know?
No, we don't need to take this out.
And by the way, speaking of hot ass, you know who looked, I didn't watch the Oscars last night because I was busy watching Warstuff.
But I did turn it on for a few minutes here and there.
You know who really looked good last night?
I hate to admit it.
I give up.
J-Lo.
Oh, well from the neck.
She knows.
I know.
Seriously, she looked really good.
I hate to admit that because, you know, good makeup, I guess.
She has a good body.
I'm not just talking about her body.
I mean, her nipples, of course, were piercing out through that very tight thigh didn't see her face.
But her push actually looked pretty good.
And her face wasn't bad either.
942.
What?
Sorry.
Hate to throw it on the website, on the front page.
If you click on the hot couples thing, it's already there and people can vote on it right now without taking that poll off.
Also, they can vote on it separate.
Right.
Excellent.
I'm going to tell you between Eric and Carlos, man, these guys are just pretty pretty fair.
All you fat people out there is a great store that's thinking he did just to you.
I've lost five pounds of three days, by the way.
Oh!
And you know what I'm doing?
I'm doing the Actions, a very strict Actions.
Yeah.
I'm just in just Tony.
I'm doing a very, very strict Actions.
I've lost five pounds in three days.
I feel like I sound much better.
I feel alive.
You look good too.
I look lovely.
Not good, but from long distance.
Anyway, Delights of West Book is the superstar for the Actions.
Delights of West Book is the place to go.
And you can always sample tripe before you buy it.
They've got a very knowledgeable staffer, no dieting inside and out there open every day.
And they're the most complete line of Actions brand products, the books, the vitamins, the whole smear,
that are always 25% off all day every day.
Actions die as rated number one in the world, so head for the number one low carb sugar-free stir anywhere.
Delights of West Book and you'll continue to fight them on the Northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market.
Or column tool free, 1-877 Low Carb or find them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one Delights of West Book at V. Your official Actions retail center.
My, my, and local. This is 43560.
You weigh a few, eh?
Neon, God.
Well, again, everyone from the Channel 7 News Center.
I'm Rick Sanchez with your 60-second GoFore update.
We have some new reports that just came in. They're, uh, hard to explain, so let's move to the Middle East War map.
Rick's World, if you will. And I'll try to explain.
Rick's World, Rick's World, high on.
Rick's World, high on.
Rick's World, high on.
Party on, everyone. I'm your most excellent anchor, Rick Sanchez.
And with me, as always, Sally Fitz, party on sale.
Party on, Rick. Called San Pedro lately.
Uh, not since I've been back from Houston.
People in the business remember, but fortunately for me, the public has a short memory.
Say, what about that guy you flattened? Is he still in a coma?
Uh, yeah. Still in a coma. I'm so glad you brought that up, Sal.
Not.
Anyway, Hussein blew off a couple more scuds at the occupied West Bank,
but those awesome Patriot dudes intercepted.
Kup boo! Kup boo!
As you know, the insane Hussein, gosh, can I turn an original phrase or what?
He has poison gas, but as I squat over Baghdad,
gas-mactular,
I'll give him a gas of my own.
Hot air out of both ends.
Hussein today said,
Yeah, look at the, now, yeah.
I've been at Noley's Secret Web in the Americans out.
The 40-foot colossal news anchor with a chopped lips squatting over my country
with a smelly gas, my troops are all fleeing, but for me, I ran, but I couldn't hide.
Well, that's all the time we have for today, party on sale.
Party on, Rick.
I'll sit in squats so you worry not.
Rick over Iraq for Channel 7 News.
Roman Hashtag Rick is embedded with the Brian Andrews.
948, 12 before 10 at 560 WQA.
So, do we want to give Felipe and his wife the prize now or should we wait?
It's a formality.
I mean, thank God that this is something you did when you were on, George,
because this is your audience.
I mean, I don't want to knock any of these very nice people, Bob and Nadine.
I'm sure our nice folks, Monica and Hermann are very normal real people there.
Honey and Hermann are nice, honey's sitting there with her boobs hanging out.
George got what he wanted, at least half of it.
He got a couple of boobs.
Yeah.
And then speaking of that, Henry and Diane, Henry who's a mountain of a man and a lovely Diane.
Well, so go on the, oh, I don't want to be cruel, but I mean, see what I'm saying about people.
These are hot couples.
They're couples.
Now, how do you vote for these?
How do you do?
Because I'm going to vote for the city.
I'm going to show you a little clicky on there.
Oh, you have a little thing at a moment.
You think Monica could use some braces?
I could.
Well, how do you vote?
You have to go to the bottom of the whole thing.
Oh, there you go.
So that's great.
We've got two polls going on today.
Come on, click in there.
Click in. Let's see how the vote is coming out.
Do you think people have voted on this yet?
Yeah.
I'm looking at it now.
Well, how come mine isn't coming up?
I don't know.
I voted.
I'm clicking.
I'm clicking.
I'm clicking over here.
Nothing is happening.
I got Philippi out there.
Go, wait a minute.
A little slow.
Here we go.
No, it just showed me the pictures again.
So, 32 votes.
Oh, I see.
Under each picture, it shows you the votes.
Two votes from Monica and Hermann out of 32.
Bob and Nadine have a pair.
Henry and Diane have three.
Honey and Hermann have seven.
And Philippi and wife have 18.
What did I tell you, huh?
Sure.
Not that it was all that difficult.
But we'll see.
I don't want to influence this.
You know, I shouldn't have said it.
Like I said, I like them all.
Don't you?
Right.
They're one of the people that there were these incidents where in one particular place,
there was the ambush of American Marines and 12 were either killed or missing.
And perhaps the more complete picture was that the military may have moved in.
But had not necessarily taken control of all areas of the community.
And I think the journalists who are operating in Dohar in particular either facing with the military field
that somehow they've been misled.
Ah, see, there we go again.
There we go again.
The embedded journalists being used by the military dispute propaganda.
See, that was from the CBC, by the way.
If you can watch one hour of the CBC preferably or even the BBC, which is okay,
but CBC has been sensational.
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation, CBC News World, they're running 24 hours a day with this.
And if you could watch this one hour, you'd find out more than that hour than you will.
The whole rest of the day from your so-called news networks in the US of A.
Very sad.
95% spin and propaganda, 5% news.
149 votes on our other poll, which of these statements best describes your feeling about the Iraq attack?
It's long overdue.
Let's rule 38.
It's all about oil and world domination 38.
It's a grotesque waste of human life 34.
Iraq represented no threat to the US 18.
It's mostly political 15.
And it's about liberating the Iraqi people 6.
Look at all the peoples of the world who need to be liberated, you know?
And like I was saying to George before the show today, you'll notice these countries in Africa, so many of them.
There are thousands and thousands and thousands of innocent people are being butchered.
Just butchered, right?
By the corrupt dictators, by these evil and corrupt dictators.
Of course, they don't have weapons of mass destruction alleged.
See, what irony is that we're talking about weapons of mass destruction and we're dropping this enormous, 3,000 cruise missiles, 3,000.
And then those nice thousand pound bombs in Mike.
How do you like the moment of mushroom cloud?
Stop and think yourself.
We're supposed to be combating terrorism, right?
We're supposed to be worried about we already have this bad image around the rest of the world.
Back after 9-11, we had almost the entire civilized world on our side.
Everybody was sympathizing with the US.
Look what's happened to us. Look at this unprovoked attack and they were right.
And in the next year and a half, this administration has been able to parlay that goodwill into the most unbelievably badwill anytime I can think of certainly in my lifetime.
The US has hated and reviled around the world, not the American people but this government and the way this government's operating.
Make no mistake about it.
And certainly in the Arab world, as they're seeing these pictures of these gigantic explosions and bagged dead,
you can just imagine the kind of foaming at the mouth that's going on.
How about those Turks by the way?
They better calm down.
I have been trouble controlling our friends, the Turks, man.
They're not too happy about those Kurds. They don't want any loose Kurds in way.
And so they may, I don't know why it is, but they keep changing the stories.
They said that we're 1500 Turkish troops in there on Friday or Saturday.
And now they're saying, oh no, there's no Turks in there yet.
And we're trying to avoid this way, then, from doing it.
They're already in there.
How many?
1500.
Turkish troops.
So anyway, this story out of Baltimore.
Yeah.
One of the first American casualties in the war against Iraq is of Baltimore, man.
And his family shared their feelings about the war on Friday.
WBAL TV 11 news broke the first, the first story.
First Friday afternoon that of Baltimore, man is among group of Marines killed in a helicopter crash inside Kuwait that happened late Thursday night.
He's identified as Marines Staff Sergeant Kendall Waters B 29 of Northeast Baltimore.
He's based out of Camp Pendleton, California, leaves behind four younger sisters and a 10-year-old son who lives in Baltimore.
It's sad that this war is going on and that we have to lose so many people over nothing.
I can't bring my brother back, but I really miss him one of the soldiers.
Sisters said WBAL TV 11 news reporter, Noel Tucker spoke with a Marines father who lives in Northeast Baltimore.
Where friends and neighbors were seen sobbing in the streets, sharing their grief with the family.
The family spoke with WBAL news Friday afternoon and shared their feelings against the war.
As he held a picture of his son, Walter B's father, Michael, said, I want President Bush to get a good look at this really good look here.
This is the only son I had, only son.
He then walked away in tears with his family behind him.
Kenneth E. Marines only son was with the family.
A military spokesman visited the family Friday morning to confirm that Waters via died in the crash.
But the family had a feeling since Thursday night he had died in the helicopter Tucker reported.
Walter B's wife saw television footage of the helicopter crash and recognized the identification numbers.
The family came to the conclusion that their son, brother and husband, was on the helicopter and before he left, Waters B told his mother, he didn't think he'd be coming home after his deployment.
Waters B moved to California with his wife but has been in constant contact with the son of the boy's mother.
Waters B who played football in northern high school in Baltimore was last seen by his son a couple of months ago.
According to the family, Waters B didn't talk much about the war but said it was just something he felt he had to do.
There you go.
Is there any answer to this? Did any of these people on either side have to die?
How about the five people in Syria on the bus that were hit by the missile that went astray?
Did they have to die?
Or any of the Brits?
You realize that 16, as of yesterday, 16 British soldiers had been killed.
None of them by the enemy.
Yeah.
You ready for that?
All in friendly fire, other so-called accidents.
And you wonder why Canada doesn't want to send any troops?
Why we're sitting here basically alone in these 40 countries?
That first it was 35 now, it's 40.
There are countries that you couldn't find on the map most of them if you had somebody held a gun in your head.
A rectory act.
What a joke.
Yeah, a retreat is on our side.
Don't forget about that in the martial islands.
Oh, well I'll get to that.
Oh, Marine Dad's got such a great column which was on.
Was it on yesterday?
No.
Carlos?
Yeah.
Yeah, but I'm going to read it.
I'm going to read a couple of bedtime stories.
And let me just tell you this.
As far as this self-righteous indignation, insure it was barbaric and grotesque.
And it just wants to make you tear your guts out to see the pictures of those American soldiers who were POWs.
The ones who were slaughtered in the other five were being terrorized.
But you know, and it's interesting that Rumsfeld and Bush both make the comment yesterday,
although they're making the rounds on the news shows, Rumsfeld.
And Bush comes back from camp David and says, well, you know, if we find out who appropriated these atrocities,
if they're not following the Geneva Convention, well, they'll be tried after the war's war criminals.
Well, guess where they're going to get tried?
I give up.
In the international criminal court, which the United States did not join, and I was opposed to in the first place.
Oh.
Oh, the international criminal court, which we don't want any part of.
Hmm.
How about that?
Maybe we'll just try and make Gitmo.
I mentioned that in passing.
956 and 56, 60, WQM.
If you want yourself a great pick-up, before it's too late.
The M.L. Coast Chinese will face the place you want to head to.
You'll find one in sunrise, north by me, beach, and their newest location is in prestigious Pemberpines.
Start your mouth watering, eating spirits with six different soups, and then sample dozens of delicious on-prey, oriental, and other.
All kinds of good stuff.
Everything fresh and crunchy.
Oriental surf and turf on the weekends, New York stripstake made order at the gourmet center.
That's a sizzling Asian grill with teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken, seafood, and hand-car-par-par-mere.
The M.L. Coast doesn't use any crappy.
You'll never walk out of there with a headache, just a full public.
Because they don't use any MSG, no corn starts and they cook only with cholesterol-free oils.
The buffet features a full salad bar, a new sushi bar, and fresh shrimp cocktail.
An M.L. Coast famous lobster fest is back-featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque.
One requirement, bring a healthy appetite, try to save room for dessert because the dessert bar is,
Sincational, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit,
the perfect ending to a gigantic pick-out.
M.L. Coast, relocations like I said, sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street,
Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd, North Miami Beach,
and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Roads and Pemberg Pines,
M.L. Coast except for reservations, take out and live available to.
Look for the new Oriental chicken salad when you go to your next take-out at the M.L. Coast,
call 9-5-4-5-7-2-38-22.
A lot of imitators, but the original, the M.L. Coast the best, Chinese buffet in the universe.
9-5-4-5-6-6-4-3-5-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6-6
Exactly sorry guys they need more than just hard-print relief they need me luck smash yeah me luck smash it a mob
Fast hard-print relief plus strong gas really me luck smash
10-1 at 5-60 W.D. Quimmy got the mad dog a one-hank is doing a show at Shula's this afternoon 7 o'clock at Chifko Panther preview. Oh, oh
How about them Panthers man?
Maybe they'll score a golden night. What do you think? No? Panthers in the Devils at the Macarena 7-30-80K after the honky game in Joanne Mark overnight
That's our agenda
Keep an eye on that time. I'm gonna watch the regular pull and you watch that other poll
I'm sure you're watching because you want to take a look at those the boobs
We have I'm just biting my tongue I have to make it cross the comment
I'm more than a couple of boobs in those pictures, but hey, that's you know those people think they're hot
Not necessarily they just want a free dance pass. They won't that's right. They figured nobody else would
Would participate which I told it because we never get any response to that kind of thing because they all know that you're desperate
And want to get laid and want to see some naked pictures of
That's all right like last week. He's trolling for Ocean it's on the air while the war is going on
I mean, that's just George. You know, he just desperately can't get any I even fast Carlos over the weekend with my bedtime
Stars as it please find some sluts somewhere okay to get this guy laid so we can go back to doing like a radio show
It's that him trying to like get laid on the air all the time
You do like it but nobody envies your sex life either, you know except maybe you know
Duff
What does that mean? I you get laid, but it's it's with men so nobody so what there I guarantee I'm getting a lot more action than you
Or a sweet heart. Nobody cares. You understand?
I don't understand nobody cares about yours either
Well, there you go. It's not about me. It's about getting hot pictures on the site. Yeah, am I putting hot pictures of guys on a website? Oh God
No
So there you go. I think he lose that one anyway, so speaking of Israel
Because I would tell you this before the show we were discussing this this morning
Speaking of this outrage about the Geneva Convention and the treatment of prisoners of war and so on and so forth
Nobody treats. I'm not gonna say nobody because we don't know
But there are very few countries that treat their prisoners or more cruelly than Israel does
They not only strip them, but then they blindfold them. They tied them up with ropes and then they up they
Tant to them like during the concentration camps with the number under our
Closened and then of course we also heard and keep in mind keep in mind when the war on terror has been going on
I don't hear too many objections to the fact that when we get somebody's al-Qaeda
some of the real
Top poncho is some of the real evil doers
We don't necessarily want to bring them back to the west right away even to get more because we want to have them
Interrogated in the country where they use different methods other than what we would use because it wouldn't be considered civilized
Right, I mean what difference does it make whether we do it directly or indirectly?
We're still using the same techniques and I have no problem with that if we have to torture these bastards to get the truth out of them
I don't have a problem with that, but at least be consistent
Don't be crazy. It's like this business about well
They're not fighting the war fair
They're dressed as civilians in the driving civilian
Vehicles and then all of it and then they're pretending they're gonna surrender that went on in Vietnam
It went on during the first golf war
It will always go on especially when people are outnumbered and outman with the enormous amount of
Wethere that we've got is there's no contest. There's no contest
It's like an LHS said before like an elephant stepping out of cockroach and all these poor bastards who try to do a stay alive
That's all they're trying to stay alive and the one thing I consistently hear when the interview Iraqis people are in this country
Or some of the people there they're not as much as they despise many of them saw them who say not all of them, but many of them
What they're most pissed off about is the 12 years of sanctions they've had to endure
Since golf war one yeah just like in Cuba right the trade in barbell the same kind of crap
So as much as the people in Cuba hate well of course their brainwash, but I'm sure plenty of them still hate Fidel
But the reason that they live the way that they do is because of those trade sanctions and
The same thing that's going on for 12 years in Iraq with children not having medication and dying enormous numbers of people dying
lack of food lack of a medication
So we find people this and of course, you know, it's interesting
This is the same guy who was our guy. He was our evil to wear against Iran not that many years ago
Back in the early 80s who was our bad guy we propped him up all of this all the weapon
He got from was from us from Russia the French and the Germans all of it all the weapons of mass destruction
He's got he got from the same folks. It like the president would say these folks
And yet now all of a sudden we decided he's an evil to win. He's dangerous to us
He represents no threat to this country the only thing he represents now is a threat to all of those poor
Men and women over there Americans and others
Because he's a lunatic and we know that
Pretty sad pretty tragic and of course like I said in the early stages
You're just starting into the windstorm and because the overwhelming majority of the public
Hey, let's do it. Look back. Let's roll. Let's go get those smart ahead
Let's go kill him
And of course you do everybody should understand although I'm sure the media aren't reporting it this way
But the the reason that we'd want made that antiseptic attack so called that shock and awe and only hit those buildings
The first night in Iraq was obvious
You know because we don't want to kill some people that would look bad, you know
If we thought we could get away with it we'd be dropping nuclear weapons on Baghdad
We don't give a crap about the Iraqi people and never did this as long as we let the oil well standing
That's all we give a crap about is that that's the correct answer by the way
World domination and oil. That's what this is all about
Which of these statements best describes your feelings about the Iraq attack is our question on the O'Rajars dot com
239 votes. It's long overdue. Let's roll 62
It's all about oil and world domination 61. It's a grotesque waste of human life 52
Which is an understatement there. There is a one of these people one of these children are these of soldiers
There's not one of these people that should be dead
This is a war for nothing
Iraq represented no threat to the USA 30 it's mostly political 22 and it's about liberating the Iraqi people
Sure took us a long time if that was the point
You notice how it did change first weapons of mass destruction and
Then even if they turned it all over that wasn't good enough because we had a regime change
right and then of course that was based on the desire to
liberate the poor or press the Iraqi people that we've been oppressing for 12 years with these guys and you want sanctions
But now all of a sudden we decided to be a really good idea and good business to to liberate those poor Iraqis and set up a puppet
I mean a democratic government
You see the soldier the general who's gonna be heading up the government?
No, let's see. I got it here somewhere. I got so much here it is. No, that's not it
I'm fine. I got a million here. It is required general from Orlando area
I guess they didn't want to put him on MSNBC or a fox or CNN. He's got to do something
He's gonna lead the occupation that is correct
It says many people put off home improvement projects out of procrastination or laziness
Jay Garner of Windermere has a better excuse. He has to rebuild and run Iraq after the war
Retired army lieutenant general Garner and his wife Connie bought their 1.1 million dollar home on the Butler chain of lakes in West Orange County
Community only a few months ago. That's Orange County floored up by Orlando
The three-star lieutenant general was just beginning to modify the boat deck at his new home when president Bush appointed him as military governor of post-war Iraq. Oh
I'm gonna be away for a while Garner casually told his family friend Renee Keen 35 of Keen's point
I have to do a little work for defense secretary Donald Rumsfeld
AKA Hermann Gehring
He was very on Shalana about a keen said Saturday real casual Jay is very down to worth very humbled
You never know he was a three-star general
If Iraqi leaders son of Hussein and his bath party our ousted Garner's will would be to pick up the pieces of post-war
Iraq and set the stage for an interim Iraqi authority to take over government operations
Until an Iraqi leader steps in he would govern 23 million Iraqis distributing food medicine and shelter and yada yada yada yada and
That too how do you like that?
Then of course that was that guy and we had the story on the website over the weekend that everybody was looking for one of the new most wanted in fact even
Jose Padilla
Remember that as cropped history about Jose Padilla or turn out to have a briefcase with the five newspapers and it or something
Turn out to be totally bogus well this guy from Miramar is the new and it always comes back to Florida
I was just shell shocked so to speak we're attacking Miramar next then could be next
I'm here that were invaded massachusetts after we get Iraq taking care of too many damn liberals here
That needs of the civilians. I can't stress enough the concern that there is here now among the American leadership
The one of the main planks of their campaign was the military racing forward to surround
Baghdad but immediately in behind them would come the supplies the medicines the drugs needed for wounded civilians the water supplies the generators to get
electricity up food which is vital in the region and
None of this now looks like it's going to get through and none of it looks like it's going to get through for quite some time
Dimining operations and the waterways are taking a lot longer than people thought and these pockets of
Opposition mean it's impossible for civilian and humanitarian workers to move in the area and as your reports show
There's now anger on the part of the civilians and this was what the United States was hoping when they got their campaign started
It was that they would be able to go into a country that was happy to see their soldiers see them as liberators and see them as
Protectors and now they're concerned they may not be able to get that edge. How do you like that?
That's from the CBC of course where you get the real news of what's really going on as opposed to propaganda nonstop all spin all day
See the difference. No, that's just Canadian propaganda
You know the 11 past 10 at 560 WQM we got balls on issue baby
Maybe Greg. We don't have any balls now. We never got any spy report about that because I'm not taking these damn calls
Well, we'll get to some calls
But we need a spy report on that one billboard to see whether we left the UM thing on her if we took the if we take that billboard down all together
I'm going to pay personally out of my own pocket for a billboard that has Greg reads face on it says a man with no balls
Seriously if he caves into freaking Donna Shalila and the freaking University of Miami and a bunch of blue noses
It's going to be a sad sad day in North-Aid County at the QAM compound
As he continues to compound our problems
12 minutes after 10 a QM then I just give the time. No, yeah, it was 11 after well keep changing 12 after
You have two thousand dollars and more on a credit card if so listen very carefully please
Debitated consumer counseling will help you it'll cost you nothing. That's right. It'll cost you nada as you're not a cent
Debitcated is a nonprofit company. It'll contact the companies you owe money to and they'll cut your payments in half
Call toll-free
1804 no death that's 1 800 the number four and the letters N O D E B T and
Dedicated will help you cut your interest rate eliminate late fees and save your credit will cost you nothing the bank pays
Devicated you pay zero so if you're trying to banning credit card debt called dedicated at 1 800 4 no debt
Call and find out how dedicated can help you you got nothing to lose if you've had it with credit card debt
High interest rates and late fees called dedicated consumer counseling and they'll be handling it from there call right now
toll-free
1 800 4 no debt and don't forget it cost you nothing
5 and the local
This is 5 cities
The radio is all yours
You and
I can love the watch boobs and butts and biting
Oh
If this ever will tell we should just take them out who's saying
Go to back down town
Blow it to the ground who's saying
Each is wise full of cries hope he dies who's saying
How we're as you can kiss you want to inspect this who's saying
If we had a vote your mother looks like goat who's saying
He just lies full of lies hope he dies
Who's saying
He's insane
We know
You know that we have one who's saying
Because we have the neck to destroy I rack who's saying
He just lies he likes guys here he dies oh my god who's saying
Oh
Don't you try and it nice say bye bye. Oh who's saying
10 17 advices
So let's take a look at our hot couples time for school and what does the winner get?
And all access passed to the convention that's going on starting the 26th at the doville hotel the lifestyle's convention
What happens at the convention everybody is late all well
Among other things. Yeah, that's why you're going. I'm going because we have an appearance. Yeah, I know why you're going anyway, and what else
And then the runners up get a pass to one of the dances because they have ongoing dances throughout the
The convention different theme dances as it were they got a pass to a dance. Well, it's the runner-up prize
The grand prize is almost $500. Well, what does that mean to run a rough to a dance?
The runner-up contest gets passed to one of the many dances that he costs money
It's the usual QAM Chintzie stuff except for the big prize. Okay, right. Well, I think it fits though. I think it's appropriate
So let's see how it's going so far Philippe and his wife have 43 votes over half of the votes
We have some extra pictures of Philippe's wife one day. I mean if they win
Well, what does that mean like we you know, I think we should do this like once a week maybe one huh?
I think this is fun. This is great. It is not that we'd have such big prizes. If you're way we'd come up with some crap some crap sure
Honey and her man 18 votes and that's because she's got she's sitting there nude all over a little bit
a little bit too far away honey. Yeah, I should say that this was slapped together very very last minute
Like you were slapping it fashion. Okay
She's got 18 and her man Monica and her man have 11 now these guys they are anonymous. They don't have a name
I reckon that's what came with the email
Henry and Diane have seven votes which is shocking and bobbin 18 only have three
I guess they don't have as many friends as the other people
I mean
I'm a little bit older than some of the other folks on there, but I mean considering their age
I mean they're like a nice elder. I mean middle and they're nice. They're nice people sure
But they only have three votes which is astonishing. Can when you consider that the Henry and Diane have seven
Oh my god anyway that's it. I'm making any editorial comment
We appreciate all of these tons of people have participated in this juggernaut Q&A. We got five more than I thought we'd get
Yeah, I didn't think we'd have any that's why I asked you before the show today is this thing gonna really fly or what?
Let's take a caller to before we get into a couple of bedtime stories and some other crap. Should we do it? Okay
Come on Carlos. Just quit being so surly. Okay Eric told me he's gonna put that nice banner up for me
Hi, there's plantation hello
Hi Neil. Yes sir. Sorry you waited so long that's all right
You know when you said earlier that you only had one call on the line I figured now no way you've been gone for a week
For a second call the Schmidt that's going on. Yeah, you're enough. I doubt in and go right through there you go
Inquire anyway, I don't only wait 40 minutes
I'm the I'm one of your listeners who's been listening to you at least since 1980
I've only called you once or twice in that time and that's the way you like it. I know
But I have to and I agree with you on I think almost everything you've ever said
But I got to get you with you on one thing
Yeah, when you said the American people of brainwash that's not true because to be brainwashed
You have to have a living functioning brain their brain dead
Mm-hmm. That's a good point. Yeah, most of my brain then you're right
In fact, well to a lot of Americans. This is like this war is like a video game
Yeah
Yes, and the stuff that you said while it was on hold though was so on target. I mean, it's just incredible
The week you were gone. I found myself forced to listen to music and you know how bad that is
You mean you didn't want to hear George talking about the boobs and stuff now if I have to George and I did listen to George
The show but I'm talking about other times
You know after trying to listen to some of the news after the show is like
You can't listen to it could it such be yes?
Um, just two things real quickly. I will not watch CNN ever again
I'll pay that as far as during the war anyway
I won't watch CNN there would they're way behind everybody else and number two
They were joking and number three they're cheerleading almost as hard as they they the people on CNN
I have pom-poms and American flags to be wave on while they're doing so called reporting
Yeah, you're right. Just two things quickly now if I can um one thing is
You probably I'm sure you noticed that one of the first things they did the
US forces when they go into Iraq is secure those oil fields
Mm-hmm. Oh, yeah, but absolutely and the reason they were they were peeing in their pants when they thought that there were seven of
Oil wells on fire which it turns out really weren't right they were crapping their pants when they saw that right in the reason that they gave was because number one
That's the white blood for Iraq economic recovery
Right
Mm-hmm and number two if they fail to take those oil fields
It could be a horrible environmental catastrophe and we know that the bushmeister would never pursue oil at the cost of the environment
Right
That's you need that for the
And speaking of the environment isn't it the lovely scene all the trenches filled with oil that they're burning around Baghdad now to like try to you know
Cover their ass a little bit
Oh, that's got to be doing a lot of good to the environment too people are they already reported a whole
I don't know how many but a lot of people reporting a breathing problems
Rest before a problem similar like 9-11
Yeah, it's just beautiful the last thing that I have is I don't know where you saw this but
Tom broke jaw
Interviewed the mother
Oh, yeah, it was Chamberlain
The of the supposedly the first US casualty any good
He really handed it to him saying oh the technology is great, but
You know you're killing the families of the guys over there
He didn't get it. He think yes, that's right. Well, he didn't get it. It just
He didn't realize that she was saying you jerk off in the media, you know
That's right incredible lack of sensitivity and he just oh thank you. That's so wonderful
Well, let me say it again
None of us could have ever happened without the willing and enthusiastic cooperation of the media. That's right
You're you're right on you. Thank you so much. I appreciate talking with you. Thanks. Have a great day
You too
23 after 10 at 560 WQM is the madness continues and of course just like happening Vietnam although this is obviously not gonna last that long we hope
But you noticed that they were backtracking right away in the first day or so
They're saying oh this isn't gonna be a cake walk. It's not gonna be as easy as a lot of people
So we don't and because they're trying to prepare the public for what could be a real blood bath here
It's already getting into a blood bath and as they get closer and closer to bagged in the real
Confrontations of the Republican Guardian underway and who knows if they corner saw them if they actually would use chemical and biological weapons
There's a good chance that will happen
And then they'll say see we told you we told you had all of us to what we already knew that anybody with a brain knew that
The question is like you kept talking about you know rattling the hornet's nest is this what you really want to do
And do we really want to inspire give more reasons to terrorists around the world to do their thing
Against the Americans everywhere and it's just it's just mind-boggling to me how the public in
But like I started to say same thing in Vietnam in the beginning everybody was gung ho
Let's roll. Let's get those commie bastards
It wasn't too far after the Cold War you know the part of the Cold War of the 50s in the McCarthy era all the commie
Pinko witch hunts
Right
Who bad dr. Laura wasn't on the earth she'd have been great
But then is the years went on and the very same people who were being
Exchoried and for their anti-American attitudes and for their audacity to criticize the government and question the war and
The motives for being there then all of a sudden come to 67 68 and Lyndon Johnson says I don't think I better run again
Now not a good idea
Because is the news pictures and of course back then we didn't can you imagine if we would have the technology back then
That would have saved thousands and thousands and thousands of lives all the way around if we had all those embeds
If we would now forget about the embeds if we just had to set like technology to put the images on a year and
Seeing the thousands and thousands of innocent women and children and other people like even men count I guess
Who got but you're just slaughtered in Vietnam and so as we got in the late 60s all of a sudden the very same people
Who were being excoriated a few years before that now they became like the mainstream and mainstream media water
Cronkite went on a year with an impassioned to plea that we have to stop the killing now. This is madness
The same water crime kind by the way who talked about this war in the same tone said the same things about this president in this war
I just mentioned those things in passing
So you'll see that is and again, I'm not certainly not hoping for a blood bad, but it is a very strong possibility that's gonna happen
And as more and more bodies come back, let's see how that market is doing by the way George. Let's take a quick peak at
The gambling channel and see if the market is still sorry over that
Let's talk a little bit about the Patriot missiles. Yeah, let's talk about those Patriot missiles like the ones that didn't work in
1991 down to about 30 yikes
242 and a half points the Dow is down and it's only the market's been open for minutes less than an hour and
The Nasdaq down 39 the standard and poor. I remember that guy to call me for financial advice a few weeks ago
He says what you know you say that when the war starts so the market's gonna take a crap
I was thinking about him last few days because eight days in a row the Dow has gone soaring way up there, you know
Mm-hmm
I mean anybody that's foolish enough to gamble away their money now after what we've seen the last two or three years in a market
You have to be a maniac you have to be a lunatic
And like I've also said talk about the American people being brain dead to watch people
I'm not talking about people making serious money like I am. I'm talking about people that have worked hard all their lives
And have their life savings their retirement money just vanished based on Kenny boy Kenny boy lay at NRON all these other phony baloney deals
Not to mention of course Richard Prill what was the one he was involved with?
Oh, I give up whatever the hell it was global co-op 8. Yeah global crossing very good
Losing their money in these bogus stocks watching them back and well, you know
I guess we're gonna have to work forever there'd be revolutions in other countries for less than that you won't have to work forever
You'll have a lot of ideas is a little like that just sitting back on a race and
Then some of these assholes including some of you people listening to me right now
Got the balls talking about who's got balls to to to be ripping folks that have the nerve to go out there and protest in the streets
Who got the guts to do it and stand up against this crap shame on you?
Shame on you and
Have to keep reminding well, you know what's their American right?
Is it like we're a bunch of little kids in kindergarten? We have to keep repeating these same silly things
1028 the beef was in Friday he lost another pound
He's still a cow, but he's lost close to 60 pounds now in balance for life
He's a little slow because he's a pig, you know, he's cheating
But he's still lost in their 60 pounds and he's getting his little black sack
Which you'll get to every day when you're on the balance for life weight loss program believe me fat equal sick
I know that is as well as anybody fat equal sick and after this last stroke
I had man
I'm working feverishly now and I when I first came back up here
I said you know I was just screwing around I was eating
Not getting any better feeling like crap
So if you want to feel better and look better and be a lot healthier
That's the important part led balance for life do it for they do all the figuring on the zone diet
They put together great delicious fresh meals in your little black sack no cooking no shopping no calorie counting
No carbohydrate counting right in that black sack
They delivered your door every morning by 6 a.m. Do your home your work wherever
Three delicious gourmet meals two delicious next and nothing frozen nothing artificial no
Nasty preservatives fresh delicious goodies and you get to choose between two choices for each meal every day
That you run a program
So if you really want to lose the weight the delicious and easy way do the same as the beast is doing
Call balance for life let them do all the work for you call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29
9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com
We're sports radio 5 6 a.m.
Anybody have a heart or a liver?
No
The Middle Eastern world
We'll be exploded to the people kill with the gas that we sold him first time a crescent nation
And the only one that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil going forget about Korea
The nook Throttle Junata right wing
3,000 people
are now forgotten, let's exploit them instead.
Hey, there's oil to be caught in,
going after Saddam too.
Plankato's sum up, there's no longer mention of.
The name in law is, but no one seems concerned all.
I'll be in complacence, believe in every word,
of this cartel administration
that controls us by fear through the E.M.
Annipulation and the right wing
is drilling it over and over and over to our heads.
That I rackess of weapons of vast destruction.
The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying.
We're all suspects now, not the Ashcroft is saying.
I have nothing to hide.
Tables, hawkers, all are saying.
I know being a cattle don't has any reservations.
Bout a provoked battle, then world annihilation.
Old regimes must fall in hell of virgin and stoke
with no objection at all.
Timocraft don't have the ball, and the right wing is drilling it over and over.
To operate was tens, I rackess of weapons of vast destruction.
I only rackess of weapons of vast destruction.
Hey, the good news is, after we finish in Iraq,
I just got a message we're going to be impending Delaware.
Well, because it's small, it's close to the sea.
We'll have Florida to go.
Command and control right there.
Remember a year ago in January,
January of 2002 in Karl Rove,
who's the brains behind this president,
because somebody's got to have some.
He said, we're going to play the war card.
Any notion, and of course, we put on our website,
Zillions of articles that prove on a shadow of a doubt
that the invasion of Iraq was planned long before 9-11.
The whole, how can you possibly sell some concept to somebody?
We were attacked by Party A.
Party A came over here, killed 3,000 of our people.
They want to wipe us out.
So what we're going to do now is retaliate by attacking Party C.
Does that make any sense?
Let me see.
And even in spite of all the hysterical and herniacal efforts of Colin Powell
and all the other spokesman of this administration,
all these speeches at the UN,
with their greatest efforts,
they couldn't link in any way, shape or form,
any relationship between 9-11 and their Iraq and in Sodom, who's saying.
He's not one of them.
He's not a religious fanatic.
He's just the opposite.
He hates him as much as we do.
He's still a butcher, but there's plenty of butchers all around the world,
including 190 miles away from Florida.
Very, very sad how anybody could convince anybody else
of something so ludicrous.
5, 6, 7, I'm going to give the numbers out once, and if not,
I'll just proceed ahead with all this stuff I got,
because I would have thought,
like that guy said before, coming back first day after vacation,
and maybe the people that disagree with me, maybe they're too intimidated to call, huh?
Maybe they can't make a very strong case, other than just calling and making some kind of a personal shot,
which is part of the course in Sodom, Florida, radio.
Well, you keep forgetting I drove them all away last week.
No, you didn't.
Look at all the votes, the pouring in on that couple contest.
Look at that.
Over 160 last time, I checked.
Oh, there's Tony Blair, you Russia and the UN.
You are now in door spy zone.
I reported on the talks.
We had had both talks, the talks.
Don't forget we got those 70 polar soldiers, Tony.
Five sit, the only problem is that they got to buzzer,
and then they turn around one back to Kuwait.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
A response from a hill.
Here's Miami. Hello.
So, I'm stands for nothing but himself,
and that's what people have to understand.
You know, I was calling in really pissed off about this for,
then I took a good look at the contest page.
Yeah.
And Henry and Diane, huh?
Oh, God bless them.
They're hot, man.
You know, I might say love each other,
they're not even touching in that photograph.
I don't think they even know each other.
The brother and sister, maybe.
Yeah. I think they met in the 7-11 and wanted to win a trophy.
They heard it in the car.
You know, I like to know what happened to checks and balances in this country.
It just became checks and credit cards,
because apparently we've got a war here that's not even a war,
it's in complete violation of the US Constitution.
And the UN Charter.
Exactly, and you've got Congress saying,
oh, you want a complete control of who you want to declare war on President Goh right ahead.
Goh right ahead.
Hey, listen, I want to tell you,
the Democratic Party should only go to hell, okay,
because as far as, and I've said this for a long time,
both parties in America suck.
The political system is corrupt, and as spineless and gutless,
without the caving in the Democrats,
this could never have happened the way it's gone down.
Never could have happened.
Exactly. Yeah.
Because it is a president's got his buddies on office.
What can I tell you?
Yeah. And can you tell me where?
The American people are watching American Idol.
Exactly. And you've got,
what is this general that he's appointing?
Who is he? What is the correct credential?
Some crony no doubt.
And we've got the protesters in Oregon who, you know,
like you said, everybody's got a right,
but when you're burning the American flag,
you're not protesting against the administration or protesting against the country.
Right.
And don't forget this general that is from Orlando.
Oh, I know.
So what does that say?
Have a great day, pal.
Have a wonderful life.
Thanks, you too.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60,
pound, five, 60 on it.
Look at this, Tony Blair.
To the brave servicemen who've lost their lives.
Yeah.
Now, 16 Brits died already and none of them from unfriendly fire.
I mean, stop and think about that.
I don't think so.
But like I said, I think I interrupted myself about a fourth time before when I was talking about Vietnam.
As the things go on and it's more and more,
and I'm hoping this doesn't happen,
but it looks almost inevitable because it's gotten a lot worse over the weekend.
More and more bodies come back in boxes and in bags.
More and more deaths all the way around.
Then you're going to see this enormous support start eroding.
It happens every time.
It happens just like the market.
Now, that's when I interrupted myself to look at the market.
There's a good example for you.
All these people that were getting brainwashed.
Oh, this is going to be a piece of cake.
It's a cakewalk.
It's going to be a quick and easier award.
And we're going to patch the economy together.
Even though they put the price tag,
he finally put up the $80 billion request of Congress today,
which still rubber stamp, of course, $80 billion.
That's just the tip of the ice bar, right?
That ain't nothing.
That's just a start.
Then they're saying that once they get the new government said in there,
the interim government is going to cost the $17 billion a year.
That's just for America's chunk.
And don't forget we're going to give them big tax cuts.
Throw the wealthy again.
Throw the George W.S. buddies.
All of his big corporate pals, more and more tax cuts.
They just can't get enough.
And the public sits back and limelimelin like that.
It's enough to make you a crappier pants man.
It's unbelievable.
Yeah, that's the public.
Don't require them to do too much thinking.
Okay, just put the war on as a video game and they'll really enjoy it.
Hey, I'm embedded with this one.
And I'm in bed with that one.
George W.S. was in bed with almost anybody at this point.
Even screw in that.
Because it's true.
Okay, even screw in.
I see that part.
You've got upset about.
Oh, that's right.
It's right. You're coming from.
So did you find out that PD Lenny is still there?
No, we don't know nothing.
Come on. Let's get the story behind the story.
We got to find out about that billboard.
If it's still up or the gray has even like a little baby under there.
We might have to get the moa out there when I fly slide again.
Remember we were checking to see if Gellie had any BBs?
Might have to check and see if your body's got any.
The Greg Meister.
Oh, we got leadership.
Probably got leadership at QAM.
We got leadership in Washington.
Don't be like Saddam.
If you find yourself in a dead job, a dead end job.
Well, who wrote this piece of crap copy?
Wow.
Probably Todd Drek's speaking of dead brain dead.
But if you find yourself in a dead end job, pick up the phone and call a fast train.
There goes again what I pick up the phone.
I'd like to pick up my phone and throw it at your push, Todd.
You little idiot.
But when you're only three inches tall, it's kind of hard to hit them.
Maybe just step on his ass.
Call 1-866 fast train to get started in a new high-paying computer job.
You can make big bucks like our computer.
Was it Carlos?
Unless you're hiding under your desk and cruise missiles are landing around you.
There is no excuse not to get started.
Call fast train tool free at 1-866 fast train.
They offer convenient day evening weekend classes.
Check fast train on the web at fast train.com.
Get out from that dead end job.
Unlike dictators, computer professionals are in high demand.
Call fast train today.
They've got locations in Miami, Kendall, Pembroke Pines and prestigious four-letter
day.
Also, there's not to be one convenient to where you be.
Register at fast train.com to get your free American flag bumper sticker.
Wow.
Pick up the phone and call fast train today.
It's all free.
1-866 fast train.
I'm in low.
Is this your 20-year bicycle?
You way, yeah.
The word Neil said if his tongue was notarized.
Thank you, gentlemen.
The bike got curial decap A present.
I'm a slave.
Thank you.
I've got the UN.
Find a scrotum.
Never really show down.
All my poison and my warhead.
None of the cops never long got their my bed.
Oh.
Hey, guys.
I got the factory bank and add tracks.
Nooks and kitties backpacks.
There's no way you'll make me dead.
Hey, it's called an powel.
Should've looked under the towel on my head.
I said it.
Come on, people.
Sing along with me because this is unbelievable, huh?
I've got the advantage that's good.
Crazy.
Trying to convince people to attack me.
Except for Sean Penn, of course, who's on my side.
He loves me like crazy.
Funny little fool.
Or get used to a life of hard knocks when I give you the small pops.
You should've loved a little harder.
Your silly boss kissed the toys of this murderer.
Thank you very much.
Please keep your weight as a waiter.
Don't die.
I wonder what they found in that chemical factory in the sand.
Sand?
Nothing.
Do you even see that?
No.
It was completely like a sand castle.
They said this is one of the methods they used to camouflage secret laboratories and whatever.
Factories, yeah.
That's because I see a lot of the little ghosty movies yet.
Who'd you rather hear Tony Blair?
Got that piece to meet you today.
That's all right.
Or the Drive in Movie Channel.
Now that I got my digital cable, how to make a monster?
You'll come in from here.
Very stealthily.
Very cunning.
With animal instinct, you will feel that there's an enemy around.
You hear something?
You stop.
You look around.
I want this to be really creepy.
You haven't seen anything yet.
Is that Solomon Struckin Lee Republican Guard?
Just might be.
Or we could go back and hear Tony Blair again, if you like.
Come on, Tony.
What do you say, baby?
Here, here, here.
They're doing it here, here, which means, oh, thankfully, we got them off of there.
The Vy is by the European Union with Britain and France at the forefront of it.
I have to disagree for now.
It should stay according to Tony Blair.
Well, there you go, according to Tony Blair.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and horizon.
Wireless line.
Now where's line three from?
We're having problems with that.
Oh, we're having problems with the army.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
A couple of things.
The billboard still up.
It's still up.
Yes.
Yes, sir.
You have a U.M. logo on it?
Yes, sir.
Oh, right.
Excellent.
Nice going, Greg.
You may have grown up here over the weekend.
A small pair.
Secondly.
I'm sorry.
Did you come back, George?
You had your time last week.
Shut the fuck up.
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it sounds like, it sounds like a different guy.
I did it right.
It's a different guy, but nevertheless he's called.
A different guy that hates you.
So what's wrong with that?
I held him up because he said shut the F up or something like that.
He said, what's he in it's?
Well, what are response we're getting here?
Man, I can see him going to have plenty of time for bedtime stories.
560, 7.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and horizon wireless line.
We're only in the middle of a war over which there's incredible split all around the
goddamn country and around the world.
And I'm sitting here begging for calls again on my first day back after a wonderful
well-deserved vacation.
Thank you.
Oh, don't you want to bring in C-spanded so they can hear what the South
Florida audience has.
Oh, yeah.
We sure as hell do, man.
Nope.
No mistake about it.
Here's Miami on five.
Hello.
Are you weak?
Ferry toes?
No, there he is.
There's a one you want to work.
Here's Lake Worth.
Hello, our only call.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, welcome back.
Sure.
You know, you hit the nail on the head before when you were talking about the
reasons that the United States was giving for this war.
And you said first it was to go out after these weapons of mass destruction.
Right.
Then it was to liberate the people of Iraq.
That was that was third.
Second was regime change.
Third was to liberate the people.
Then now the new one is to feed them and to give them medicine.
Right.
And that they've been denied for the last 12 years because of the UN sanctions which were a
part of.
Exactly.
And I was like, you know, that's why I was going to call you is to say that.
You know, it's like, well, wait a minute.
What happened to the original reason that we went in there?
And you know, right now the most important thing is not to kill the same.
The important thing is to find any weapon of mass destruction because if the United
States doesn't find any weapons of mass destruction, they're going to have to answer
to the world for all of this.
But you're all something, even if they do that, holds no water with me because we already
know that they've got weapons of mass destruction because we know what we sold
and then what we gave to them.
We know what the inspectors were shown to be destroyed.
So we know what the hell he's got or at least we just can't put our finger on it.
But what is that proof?
There are ziggians in countries that have weapons of mass destruction.
It doesn't prove anything but that's going to be the justification for all of it.
The United States is going to come out and say, here you go.
We told you.
Well, we're going to see you.
Stop and think about the cold war when we were looking at each other at the eye with the Russians.
I mean, we knew that they had a huge arsenal of nuclear weapons and we had ours.
So what did we do?
Did we go and drop nukes to try to provoke them?
Of course not.
You know, do you remember months and months and months ago when they had those closed door
energy meetings in the White House?
Sure. And Dick Cheney wouldn't tell us who was in it and what they said, right?
Well, to me, you know, I've been thinking over the last few days and I'm like, well, you know what?
I've read a lot of articles and it seems that Haliburton's going to be making a lot of money
off of these oil wells.
Oh, I got a good article on that coming up on you.
Exactly. And you know what?
But I do want to finish what I was going to say.
But you know what?
Bring back the bedtime stories, okay?
Because you know what?
There's only a few avenues in which that we can receive this type of information and you're one of them.
So you know what?
You got my goal.
I'll tell you right now that's why I got the digital cable in my studio here so I can get the CVC and VBC on here instead of just the usual propaganda that most Americans are listening to.
But do you think that the reason that they didn't want it disclosed what was discussed in those meetings is because way back when, okay?
And that's already given.
But way back when they were talking about the invasion.
Just keep one thing in mind.
1998, five years ago, Haliburton got a big contract in Iraq.
Five years ago, and then Cheney was still on the board at that time on the director.
So they knew back then that they were going to invade once a Republican president was elected.
You bet.
And I just want to say one last thing, all those people, okay?
And you've had a few callers say it before.
But you know what?
I think it's really disgusting that these people that go out and they support the troops, I support the troops.
But I oppose the war.
There's absolutely no correlation in between the two.
Absolutely correct.
You can oppose the war as much as you want.
But you know what?
I want to see all of the men and women come home in one piece, and I find it really, really unnerving that these people actually think that we are against the welfare of our own soldiers.
Well, only stupid people say crap like that.
They are, but you know what?
It's so commonplace.
You have the shouting matches now on street corners.
And I'm going to wait.
But you've got to understand people that are so stupid that have such a low IQ that can't separate supporting the troops or supporting your country from,
supporting whoever happens to be empowered to power whatever the hell they do.
We're not going to be a bunch of goose steppers.
Hey, Neil.
I love you.
Welcome back.
Thanks. Have a great day.
I strongly recommend if you didn't read this article and you ought to really check out the project for the New American Century P-NAC.
I'm sure it's still on there right under our old stories on our website.
Right.
Now what's the, because I'm looking at my beautiful couples here, my hot couples.
It's the features.
Click on the features and go to some of the old stories because we had this on a few days ago.
Cheney's monstrous screen project for the New American, did I say scream?
The same thing.
It makes me scream from prisonplanted.com.
We can just go to prisonplanted.com.
And that website, which is a great one, by the way.
Or they have current pictures of Baghdad and all kinds of stuff that you won't find in the mainstream media.
Project for the New American Century.
And find out who these people are.
Which you know, you know them all by name.
Vic Cheney and Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz and Richard Puril, Ascraw.
And guess who else is involved, by the way?
In fact, where's my picture I have here?
I was going to, I was going to fact you this last week. I never got around to it.
Here it is.
One of the Toronto papers.
Powerful policy group project for the New American Century includes bush-style words.
And here are the big pictures.
There is Cheney on top who looks like his heart may be ticking.
There is Donald that don't call me Hermann Gehring Rumsfeld.
In the bottom right hand corner is Paul Wolfowitz.
And guess who's in the bottom left hand corner?
I'll give you one clue. It's your governor, Jet Bush.
Yeah.
Also just happens to be a member of the project for the New American Century.
How do you like that?
Who helped it conspired to get the election fixed for his brother?
What a coincidence, you know.
Let me say it again.
I don't want to sound cynical, but I am.
I don't trust anybody in American government.
At the state level, at the local level, at the federal level, at any level.
I don't trust any of them. They're all a bunch of crooks.
Just a matter of degree.
Some are just better getting graft than others.
That's all.
That's on a little bit too cynical?
No.
Sounds right on to me.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, how are you?
Pretty good.
Listen, I just want to verify with the laugh caller that there's so many ignorant, uneducated people out there
that are trying to put a correlation between liking the troops and saying we oppose the war.
We all support the troops.
Even though we are against the war, that's the first thing.
The second thing I need to say is that why are we not asking for regime change and Saudi Arabia
where women don't have the same right?
That's right.
That is 15 of 19 high-jackers, Saudi Arabians.
We're not asking for regime.
Let me interrupt you on this.
How come we didn't care about regime change in Afghanistan when the women there had to wear the burkers
and the men had to wear their beards of certain length and they couldn't listen to music
and they were being so badly oppressed until 9-11.
And then all of a sudden the Taliban and Osama got in bed together even more than they had been.
And then all of a sudden the enemy became the enemy.
We decided it was time to go in there and invade.
The hypocrisy is just unbelievable.
And if anybody would open their eyes, it's right in front of them to see.
Because the answer is, Neil, there is no nothing in countries like North Korea
or some of these other ones that don't have what we want and who we're friends with.
The Bush family has been protecting King Fawd and his regime for, I don't know, how many years.
Right. You got it.
Thank you.
Okay, and don't forget about the Carlisle group and the Bush family, baby.
The world is just like in a movie network when he had that great line when Ned Baby says to Howard Beelis
says, the world is a business, Mr. Beel.
And that's it.
The world is a freaking business.
And the public we we sit around like a bunch of little sheep, like a bunch of little emigrants.
And oh, I have a wave or a little flag.
Oh my God.
When are some of you people going to wake up and understand that we're getting screwed?
Screwed in tattooed.
Most people, like I always tell you, just want to live their lives and leave everybody alone.
That decent people, that's their attitude.
You know, if they can do something good, that's fine too.
Make a contribution to society.
But most people don't want to get screwed over.
They don't want to have their lifetime savings destroyed with crap, with bogus investments.
It's just amazing to me what sheep the public are.
And it goes to show how easily they can be manipulated.
Hitler learned that lesson.
And I used to wonder when I was younger.
How could he manage to do that?
How could he convince all those German people to go step along and participate in that insanity?
Lots of parade.
Huh?
Lots of parades.
And he did it without television, by the way.
Right.
He had a dozen.
He was a more forceful speaker than what we got now.
Pense 58 at 560 WDQM Tom Limon and Joe Prieto at Halipanec GMCR.
Proud to announce their Neal Deal March Madness sale and still going on.
Neal Deal number one, pick out any new GMCR Pontiac in stock, like the 33 Milegall and Vibe price is lowest 13,998.
And get yourself 0% financing for up to 60 months.
You heard me right, 0% for up to 60 months.
Neal Deal number two, choose any new vehicle and stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate.
Absolutely correct.
Get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle and stock at Halipanec.
And as always, Halips got a spectacular Neal Deal waiting for and use carstruck's SUVs.
And as far as credit is concerned, this is one of the great things about the folks at Halips.
They're not as picky as most other car dealers.
Even if your credit is marginal, even if you know PD Lenny, they'll still cut you deal.
It's another set of great Neal deals going on right now at Halipanec 134-1 South Dixie Highway.
That's on US1 across from the falls.
Do not mention Bob Eisenberg's name, by the way.
Open every day seven days a week.
For more info call the Neal Deal Hotline Tool 3, 1-885-344-211.
That's 1-885-344-211.
Don't forget all Neal Deal submitted to Credit Approval CD-Liforid details.
Halipanec GMC, who proudly say we are professional grades.
Slide and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You a-m.
The sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
The sky is falling.
I'm here. It is even a bigger thread. Now what you hear all the time love it all three at five
60 W to come let's speak in the getting red. Let's take a look at those hot pictures man in a hot pic contest
Let me click on the hot couples contest and take a look again. It is close to lunchtime though
Let's see leading the pack no surprise god this thing so slow
Philippe and the wife have 91 votes nice going Philippe and wife
They're cute couple. Yes
Honey and her man have 34 because she's a naked couple of boobs on air baby. In fact, we got several boobs. I mean
And then moving right along Monica and her man 21. Why is this her man?
Why do two of these? Who wound up labeling those things? Was it Miguel? Was it Eric was it?
It's a little bit of a little bit of a care about the guys name. Yeah, Henry and Diane 14
Henry who's a gigantic hulk of a guy and
Bob and 18 for Bob and 18 who seemed like really nice middle class average every day folks. They got seven votes
They should help out Bob, huh? They should be third
Yeah, they should be in I'm not saying they should be on top or on the bottom
But I mean no no seriously they deserve a little bit better faith than that
I mean we got and like you said maybe they don't have as many friends as some of the other people on air who like
I got a lot of bogus votes pouring in chain emailing like Joe used to do like like yeah
Like Joe Castel likes to do because he's got a little ego problem because they're on at the time when everybody's asleep
You're okay, Joe. You're okay in my book. Just don't bug me. Let's see now. How come this thing? Oh, there it is
I'm sure we're getting a freak. I just checked out the public. I don't I don't think they're freaking but the somebody is
Which of these statements best describes you're feeling about the Iraq attack are worrying Iraq? Oh, there's Tommy Frank's again
I'm a spieth tape
It's long overdue. Let's rule 128 which is 26.8%
It's all about oil and world domination 123
It's grow a grotesque waste of human life 87 Iraq represented no threat to the US 62
It's mostly political 55 and it's about liberating the Iraqi people 21 which is for so if you take the two
That are like all in favor all gong ho liberation and long overdue you got 31% which means 69% opposed
How do you like that? Yeah, well, that's your bag it liberal audience there good
That's excellent. Okay, just like they were trying to make out well those protests in San Francisco
How about in New York? Raleigh? I'll get in New York. I mean
Yeah, everywhere in the world London the whole world is
in the French well
Scooter French their pigs here's hi, Alia. Hello
Hi Alia. Yeah, yes, sir
Yeah, no, I just wanted to tell you that for about the past month every time I try to click on to the features to get one of your past articles
It just comes up a it's not a blank page is like your background page that light blue with oh my god
What's that all about Carlos? I don't know. I just checked it or fine
You're fine probably it's tracing the fact that you're in high alia
And our web our website's probably a little bit nervous about releasing too much info in high alia
I wasn't about that
Yeah, I really I can't get anything on the page at all
And I'm really interested in those articles, but I can't get to them. I'll be damned
Why I'd steal somebody else's computer probably work better
Cuz it's working for us. I just want to let you know maybe there's something you guys could do
Well, I'll definitely get Charlotte Holmes to check it out. All right. Thank you. Thank you
There's a guy in high alia can't get it see George you're not alone five six seven oh five sixty
Look everybody's got their Achilles heel and so I'm just giving you a little business there
Why not you deserve a little business? Yeah, whatever, but you don't like looking at hot people since when I
I love looking at hot people my ear as this your idea of how to look at it
That this we opened it up for whoever would send their stuff in you know, but you know that it's the
We got something yeah, no, I'm not knocking at it's a start. You know, it's a start
Right, I'm sure that there are a lot of very
Bashful people out there who you know are for a that if they send in pictures of themselves especially like at least
What's her name there? She's got she's naked as a jabour. She's got a couple of booths
But you know they're afraid that maybe you might you know do something with them like put them on some pornographic website or something like that
They know what we did a pervert you are, huh?
And we did they're afraid yeah, yeah, see ours
Can't get much more porn graphic than ours
Make sure and of course this is also linked up with a Q&A website now wait till Donna Shalela finds out about that, huh?
We got we got a lot of we got a naked broad on there on our website
Okay, even though we have nothing to do with the University of Miami on his show
We got balls and boobs. We got balls and boobs. How do you like that Donna?
I like it. I'm being blown. Amen. What a blue nose. See I risk my case
I risk my and especially for her of all people which I could make all kinds of comments about her, but I won't
But of all people you know would be like Janet Reno making a statement like that. It's just outrageous
Not guaranteed a the Donna Janet's got a lot bigger balls than you got
At least she's got a sense of humor. No, no seriously. Yeah all the things that have been said about Janet Reno
I'm just showing all the bits that we play in the comments. I made about her and we never had any
Back lash. She never like a send a letter. Wow. I'm think she you know, she's got a sense of humor
Right right she may not look like a funny guy. I mean the gal, but that Janet
I guarantee you she's got a humongous pair of balls much larger than Donna's ever seen in her life
So you have him to you. Okay, screw you screw you put your losers
I
It's just I looked
I thought it was the rim man gave me the room with a Joe Rose
I guess was going apoplectic on the air about that and rip and Greg read rip in a station for keving in and Donna Shalila
All this other stuff and I couldn't believe it and then I check out the on a website of the herald and there's very Jack
As the course who now is the kind of it for both wacky Jackie Thompson and Greg read
I think that's a match made in heaven myself, don't you sure? Oh, I'd like to see the two of them on a hot picture thing together
In a compromising position
Here's Davie hello
Yes, sir, good morning. How are you? I'm doing good
Listen, I have a couple observations. I would go ahead. Do you think that America's obsession with violence and guns?
Is the reason why we're the only nation that seems in the whole world to want to do this when like countries like Mexico and Canada
They say no, we don't want to go to war
Everybody else does that is our correlation there? I mean with you know
I'm not saying this is the only violent country in the world
I mean there's been plenty of violence in China and in Russia and a lot of other countries that are against this war
Now but but that is part of the American mindset
There's no question about that Americans especially men have this macho thing and they love and in fact as you watch this going on
All these reporters who are embedded so-called and I hate that word embedded with the troops and they can tell you every
They look up into the sky. Oh, there's a there's the B 52 come in from London air
aircraft every piece of military hardware every weapon that's dropped and as if this is something that we're supposed to know
I mean I don't know most of this and I don't care quite frankly. I don't want to know it. Yeah
Yeah, have you also noticed that the on the Christian stations all these preachers are for this?
Really?
You know on one of them in particular. I'm not gonna say which one why not bottom of my not well
TVN all right. Oh Paul is in crunch. They have one the bottom of the screen. I swear to God
Are you sitting down pray for the president? Yeah, and it's been I
Sir I got news for any Republican president no matter who it was if he if he told us all the go to the edge of a cliff
Whole hands and jump they'd have they'd have the directions and we're to find the nearest clip on TVN and all these other right wing
North cases Neil they really think God's a Republican. Yeah, I mean I watch him I think to myself and then I heard the
Preacher saying we finally got a man in the White House that is a man of integrity. Are you sitting down on that one?
A man of integrity a man. He never saw anything besides an election a godfaring man, you know you should push that button with that
Old woman good. Oh my God. You know I think we need to see Connie from the Godfather after they dropped the first the shock and all
Wave of bombs there Connie saying the George W now they will fear you well we've been in shock and all since W took over
So you know you can see that right too many hanging chance man. I don't know. I don't know. Have a good day
I'd like to ask. Bye. Yeah, all you old Jews up there in Palm Beach County. Thanks a lot
So I can tell you thanks a lot for voting for Pat Buchanan of all people, huh?
Who quite frankly
Show on MSNBC how is MSNBC? Well, I'd rather hear BBC
Psychologically perhaps they were prepared for a war that was going to move very very quickly and that they would have they would face
Surrendering armies and towns and villages that were opening opening their arms to them. I certainly haven't seen that yet
And I don't know if anybody who has the bottle for Bazaras fairly see fairly fierce for example
There you go the CBC reporting it telling it like it is instead of the propaganda instead of this
So wow we're embedded with this one. I was that that thing with David Bloom and you know he did used to be on was it NBC in Miami
That's where he started mm-hmm years ago. I mean I always thought David Bloom was a pretty good reporter
But I mean he totally lost his credibility like Bob Arnett and all most of these other guys
Oh, oh for explosions heard in Baghdad a very active time as we continue to keep a close watch over Baghdad
The CBC's Henry champ is following all developments from Washington and joins us now live so
Henry this obviously was a tough weekend for coalition forces
We are continuing to watch the situation in Baghdad
But words of casualties prisoners of war how is the administration dealing with all of this?
Well nobody doubts the inevitability which will be an American victory in Iraq, but there's no question today
There's much more questioning that there is celebrating several key events today that are causing some concern here at the
White House sticker shock for this is going to be revealed this afternoon when the president's request for budget supplemental
It hits Congress. It's been something that the administration has been avoiding for many months
What is the price of all of this it will be revealed today as they ask Congress for money?
$90 billion dollars. It is what a 10 billion now?
The military and eight it was a very strong center piece to this military campaign
The idea the troops would move up rush up to Baghdad and in their train would be
Food medicine people providing electric power generators all these kinds of things would be brought into
To keep maintain and perhaps win the hearts of the Iraqi
All these reports of skirmishing and fighting particularly in umkassar
What which is the main one? We got to do the break
But it's so refreshing to hear the CBC because you know we're not getting any bull crap, you know right down the middle
1114 at 560 WQM
Don't be reluctant about ordering you a great new Microsoft phone even though it's a kind of a major purchase
Because when you deal with dial amateurs, you're not going to have to worry about a thing
I've done a business for them for years
And it's the easiest purchase you'll ever make in your life one quick phone call to 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTRES and you talk to somebody who's a betting expert who knows the betting industry inside and out upside down and whatever
Where's my mattress by the way fat boy?
And they carry only the best name brands in the world
They got silly service Simmons King Coiler recives in style
They're ranked no more a uno and customer satisfaction and they've got more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the world
Because they know how to treat you right once you buy a mattress and dollar mattress
You'll never go back to the old fashioned way of wasting a lot of time and money by buying a mattress in the showroom and some betting
Your department store again and don't forget when you buy your mattress and dollar mattress
They said it up for you take away the crappy old smelly betting for free. Let me say it again
That's correct
Dial amateurs sets up the new and takes away the old betting for free
So make the call now and ensure yourself a great night sleep for months and years to come called dial amateurs 1 800 MATTRES
That's 1 800 mattress dial amateurs the easiest the smartest possible way to buy you a great new bed
This is 480560
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
This is
If you
You
You
You
You
Oh, don't ask for it.
Don't ask what he stole for it.
That's he brought home, and he never eats tuna on a roll.
He's a screaming, licking fairy, so he's got again married.
Fairy, so fairy, and he's got again married.
Still hating homo buddies.
Got again married.
Oh, mo, has become furry.
Oh, mo, has become furry.
Let me 20 to 560 W.
We're asked about our poorly, you're on your dot com.
What's your statements?
Vest describes your feelings about the Iraq attack.
562 votes.
It's all about oil and world domination, 159.
It's long overdue.
Let's roll, 148.
Let's roll.
It's a grotesque waste of human life, 101.
Iraq represented no threat to the USA, 74.
It's mostly political, 59.
And it's about liberating the Iraqi people.
21.
How about we liberate the Cuban people first?
OK, let's start close to home move out.
And then after we get done with that, let's liberate the American people again.
I'll get this bunch of facts out of the way.
Get them out of Washington, man.
Liberate the American people again.
That's what we say.
Liberty for us.
Right?
Right.
Don't be playing that Jesse Helms thing again now, because I know what you're going to do.
Liberty, power, and then for us.
And at the end of us, we'll put another letter A.
Oh, don't you love those people that are wondering about USA?
Oh, those people, man.
Oh, they scare me.
They aren't a scare me.
My country right or wrong, baby.
Love it, 22.
Here's Marine Dowd's column from yesterday.
Pearls Blunder.
I'm sorry.
Pearls Plunder Blunder.
I didn't even get through the headline without blowing it.
Pearls Plunder Blunder.
It's Richard Pearls World.
We're just fighting in it.
She says the Prince of darkness, a man who whips up revelatory suflays and revolutionary preemption doctrines with equal ease took a victory lap at the American Enterprise Institute on Friday morning.
The critical battle for Baghdad was yet to come and shock and awe was still a few hours away.
The hocks were trying to send a message to the world, not to mess with it with America.
Might have preferred an even more intimidating bombing campaign title like Operation Who's Your Daddy?
Yeah, Mr. Pearl that advised you to Donald Rumsfeld cannot resist a little preemptive crowing about preemption predicting a general recognition that high moral purpose has been achieved here.
Millions of people have been liberated.
His conservative audience that the Reagan shrines black coffee briefing, their too much old for milk and sugar, was buzzed that their cherished dream of saving a rack by bombing it was underway.
The chest that you repent we decide Bush doctrine was cooked up pre-bush fashioned over the last 12 years by conservatives like Mr. Pearl, Mr. Rumsfeld, Dick Cheney, Paul Wolfowitz, Scooter Levy, Douglas V and Bill Crystal.
The preemption doctrine prefers ad hoc coalitions allowing an unfettered America to strike at threats and potential threats.
At AEI, Mr. Pearl boasted that far from going it alone, the Bush administration has a coalition of more than 40 countries in growing, and she says including Micronesia, Mongolia and the Marshall Islands, all of them.
And he was already looking forward to giving makeovers to other rogue regimes.
I'm rather optimistic that we'll see regime change in Iran without any use of military power by the U.S. he said.
Michael Ladeen, an AEI scholar on the same panel called Iraq just won battle in a broader war. Iran is the mother of modern terrorism.
As Bush 41 learned, waging holy wars can be dicey.
After pressing the morality of desert storm, he faced questions about his post-war conduct.
Critics excoriated Mr. Bushwood labels Saddam another Hitler for turning his back as Saddam lead waste to Kurdish refugees and accords in Shi'i Muslims rising up against the map of the war.
Now Mr. Pearl who urged American to America to war with moral certitude, finds himself subject to questions about his own standards of right and wrong.
Steve Levitton wrote on the Times on Friday that Mr. Pearl was advising the Pentagon on war, even as he was retained by global crossing, the Bankrupt Telecommunications Company to help overcome Pentagon resistance to its proposed sale,
to a joint venture involving a Hong Kong billionaire.
The confidant of Rumi and Wolfie Services is the chairman of the Defense Policy Board and influential Pentagon advisory panel.
That's why global crossing agreed to pay Mr. Pearl a fat fee, $725,000.
The fee structure is especially smelly because $600,000 of the windfall is contingent on government approval of the sale.
In his original agreement Mr. Pearl also wants the company to show out for working meals which could add up given his status as a gourmand from the Potomac to province where he keeps his vacation home among the feckless French.
Although his position on the Defense Policy Board is not paid, Mr. Pearl is still bond by government ethics rules that forbid officials from reaping financial benefit from their government positions.
He and his lawyer told Mr. Levitton that his work for global crossing did not violate the rules because he didn't lobby for the company with serving an advisory capacity to his lawyers.
But that distinction is silly because global crossing has so many other big names on its roster of influenced peddlers that does need Mr. Pearl's Gucci's for actual loving foot worker advice on the process.
His name alone could be worth the $725,000 if it helps win the Pentagon sale of approval.
His convictions have right and wrong extend to the right and wrong investments.
On Wednesday he participated in the Goldman Sachs conference call to advise clients and investment opportunities arising from the war titled,
implications of an imminent war Iraq now North Korea next question mark.
Maybe Mr. Pearl should remove the laurel read from his head and replace it with a paper bag.
Rights more re-indoubt in yesterday's New York Freakin' time.
All right.
There you go.
Little bedtime story got one or two more. We'll get to eventually.
Huh? Mix it up.
And then of course.
Specialties especially around Vazra Nazaria. Of course, CBC will continue to follow all the latest developments on this story.
But for now, this is CBC News today.
Thank you CBC News. God bless you.
26 after 11 at 560 WQN,
Pompadopark is doing a baby four nights a week.
We got great live harness racing.
And you know, I feel bad because remember the Brian Sears call from Pompadopark?
Yeah.
I still don't think that was him.
You know, I would have been much more verbal and verbose in the complimentary.
But I don't know. I think it was a crank call.
We love you Brian. You're the best.
Anyway, Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday like tonight, Pompadopark first post-I'm 715,
Free General Parking, Free Admissionary, afternoon and night.
And every Monday like tonight, there's Monday.
Madness going on.
I'm Monday nights Pompadopark offers a $2 for $25 full-course dinner special in their lavish top of the park right down the sixth floor.
So come out for an evening of great horse racing action.
Root home a winter from the rail preach yourself to a private box seat on the fourth floor or enjoy a Beningeries hot-fudge Sunday or a slice of rostillus pizza, slice of pizza.
Every Wednesday is gone. I did the tracking and draft beer hot dog, civil large press or popcorn for only a bucket piece.
There's also great.
All you can eat before and the fourth floor players lounge for just 10.95 per person every racing night.
This Saturday, March 29th, his family fun at Pompadopark, bring out the kids for free mini horse rides and meet the newest mini fool Apollo.
And don't forget my favorite event in all of South Florida, make no mistake.
Ability the free spaghetti dinner at Pompadopark.
Oh my God.
It's coming up on Monday, April 7th.
Free spaghetti dinner at Pompadopark and the last one for the season is coming up market on your calendar.
All you people at Seventory Village and Winmore, etc. Monday, April 7th will tell you more about it.
Pompadopark also offers full-court, full-loc cast.
Polka, there's only four minutes of copy here.
Nice going, Steve.
Full-card, Simon Casting, seven days a week starting in noon with Highlight Harness, Thurberd Racing Action.
Every day like I said, seven days a week.
All this waiting for you and don't forget free spaghetti, April 7th at Pompadopark.
My life and locals, this is 440560.
You're way too way, yeah.
This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your blame.
Huh?
Any questions?
Here.
Oh right.
Oh, no like.
Oh, the heartburn.
Don't don't don't don't, every time I see.
Don't don't don't don't worry.
That pre-tired and dimwit.
Don't don't don't fall to my TV.
He's President of ****.
Republican Muscle is in an archangling idiot.
I don't know why they were watching Scott but now he's here.
First rule to make for years.
With President of ****.
Or what I get to go both once more.
And get to win your voted vote.
And get to win your vote.
If you want this.
Don't don't don't let yourself run and sleep it.
Don't don't don't find this drug in rich kid.
Don't don't ease even.
Some are them me.
He's President of ****.
Yeah, don't care what it's up.
You got him in by hooker.
The Christmas ride.
You and I have a house on feeders.
We've got a great leader here.
With President of ****.
Or something like the oxy boy.
The Christian right.
Yeah.
My couple's contact this Vulcan baby.
Felipe and the wife have 114 votes.
They got over half of the votes.
Honey and her man 49.
She's got a pair.
We can see Monica and her man 32.
I'm scrolling Henry and Diane 17 and the poor.
What's their names?
What those are names?
Bob and 18 have nine way on the bottom there.
I don't understand that.
What do they ever do to us?
Don't play must Bob and 18.
We like you.
You're okay.
You look like universal for a train.
Huh?
Well, they get to go to the dance of their choice.
Well, there you go.
So you're already conceding, huh?
I guess they lost.
Well, we'll continue this.
Maybe they can find a whole bunch of ringers out there.
All winners.
What a way with words he's got.
So what did you say?
Oh, first of all,
I'm both a bride.
Did you talk to him?
Yeah.
No, I love to my message,
but he has not called me out.
I'll find out how come he didn't say any this last week.
You jackass.
You bolted a geek.
And number two,
what was the callus?
Is mumbling to me on the inner come?
And he knows I can't talk back as it goes on the air.
But it's fun that way.
Yeah.
Screw you.
What did you just tell me about?
Oh, we have any cartoon on the website.
A new cartoon?
Yep.
Cartoon.
Cartoon.
I thought he was just slept with the fishes cartoon.
Oh, cartoon.
He sleeps with Jack.
Let's see.
Where is it?
Above the other one.
It is?
Yeah.
It looks like one big cartoon.
What are you talking about?
There's no cartoon on.
Oh, there it is.
We got such a long thing on there, man.
Is he still there?
Oh, he's reading.
Oh, the lesser or killies.
I've said, lesser and silly, the lesser or killies.
Well, there's your Achilles heel.
This is a very disturbing story, by the way.
And quit faxing me stuff twice.
Well, yeah, I know you're trying to be a...
I know you did.
Yes, you did.
Didn't.
What are you talking about?
The fax me this twice, the letter from the fax from Jane
and the one from George.
What's his name?
Well, if I did, I...
You'll talk to George.
Oh, no, no.
Anyway, this one, though, tough senior loses the award
after insult to elder Bush.
Bush 41, George Herbert Walker, whatever you want to call him.
As tensions and...
This is from the Boston Globe.
As tensions and protests mounted on campuses over the war in Iraq,
toughs university alumni leaders have revoked an award
given to a senior because of her inappropriate and offensive behavior
during a recent campus protest
to former president George Herbert Walker Bush.
Oh, we forget to that, speed up.
And the protest rallies in New York,
I think was on Saturday.
So they showed the CNN.
I was beautiful because as little as I watched them,
I just happened to flip over when the reporter was breathlessly
talking about the enormous number of people in the streets.
And here along comes somebody right behind her
and he's got a big, big poster that says,
CNN is Bush, man.
I loved it.
And boy, I thought it was right there for you to see
but the camera panned off of that.
Like the camera man got hit by a grenade.
And then a little bit later,
kid walked right up in the...
There was before him, there was one that said,
in peach Bush, they held up the sticker in front of the screen.
And another kid came by and flipped off the camera man.
It was great.
Anyway, Tuts the University.
The University's Alumni Association
and independent group of close ties to its tough leaders
has accused the student Elizabeth E. Monin
of making a vulgar hand gesture as Bush,
as he chided her and other protesters
who disrupted his remarks about the 1991 Gulf War.
Oh, right.
Alumni officials said the gesture
in other years made Monin ineligible
for the Association Senior Award,
one of the highest student honors on campus.
The non-monitorial award is given for academic achievement
and potential for leadership.
Tough president Lawrence Baikah
was briefed about the alumni group's decision
but was not involved in it.
Toughed and alumni officials be saying.
How do you like that?
So obviously, she's an honor student
who's getting an honor for her academic awards.
And potential for leadership, obviously a brilliant girl.
But because she flipped off,
she gave the bird to the ex-pres there.
It was a real asshole.
Right away, well, we can't give you that award anymore.
Sorry, honey.
I think she's a dishonor student.
What a cracker crap.
We have to take a poll.
Who are the biggest blue noses in the world?
University of Miami or Tufts?
And we'll find some other ones.
We'll work on that.
5'6, 7'5, 60,
pound, 5'60 on the 18th.
Oh, there's that helicopter.
You increase, there is a risk to your own troops certainly.
But in this war,
there's such as sensitivity to collateral damage.
Those rockets that cannon fire can hit
which you don't want, intended to hit.
And as we're seeing now,
of course, we did the Americans did lose the helicopter
in the field over the overnight.
Yes, they did.
The Apache is a good aircraft,
but it's a bit of a hangar queen when it works well.
It works terrific.
Oh, what?
But unlike the Russian builds, a hind or anything like that,
you can fire these things with small arms and bring them down.
Did he say it was a hangar queen?
I think I knew him.
What just happened to you?
Did you disappear?
Oh, right here.
Oh, I just became speechless there for a second.
I thought you were going to...
I thought you were going to turn to figure out the answer to the question,
which I don't know.
What is the answer to the question?
What's the question?
5, 6, 7, 05, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the 18th, T-Low.
We got the Mad Dog and one hangar from Shulahs at three o'clock.
Panthers and Devils, any interest?
No.
At the Macarena tonight, one of the last home games.
They actually scored a goal.
I think in each of the last two home games,
they scored one against Ottawa and one against whoever they lost to before that.
They're doing it, baby.
Oh, Panthers, man.
And my Keenan, you won't see him no more after this year.
Here's Davy.
Hello.
Davy.
Probably gone.
Don't you think?
Well, they're not going to hold on as long.
I mean, I've been rambling and reading, but that's just the way it goes.
Okay.
During these precarious times, we're going to like to play it by ear.
You know, put on whatever we think is important at the time,
like the Hot Photos contest.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18th and T-Low.
And wireless line is, Neil continues pumping those numbers,
looking for signs of life where at war, there are kids in body bags over there,
and people are dying.
Little kids are getting poached up.
And the South Florida audience has gone familiar.
And you wonder why there's no big protest in South Florida?
Either way, you're talking La La Land, man, where it's 95 degrees in the shade every guy at the end day now.
It's only the end of March, where people's brains are fried if they ever had any in the first place.
What a place, man.
What a place.
Let's call up C-SPAN and all the other networks can get them in here.
So they can record all the tremendous responses from the South Florida audience.
Here's a call from Palm Beach Gardens.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I respect the heck to our troops, even though they can't read a map and we'll drive right into it.
I'm just a territory, but it drives me up a wall when I hear in TV that this war is for our freedom.
How does that correlate to our freedom?
Beach is a lot of me.
I mean, if you went out over and killed the sound of the mob,
that's more for our freedom than in the helicopter.
It's just the slant that Fox puts on it.
I have a gag, if I were to.
Don't watch, please do yourself a favor.
Don't watch that crap again.
It'll rot your brain.
I turned around this morning after CNN and my wife was in the other room.
She just stuck her hand out.
She was, what are you looking to?
Because I don't know if it's different than anything else you'll have to do.
So one thought it was.
Just keep in mind the F and Fox stands for fascism.
What's the chance to touch for a 267 million people that three people from one family can be two of them president and two of them governor?
Yeah.
It's not money that is it.
It doesn't have anything to do with it.
No, it couldn't be it.
It couldn't be anything corrupt going on there.
They're just free leaders of course.
That's it.
Family.
Have a great day.
And back to you.
So I think I'd have played a Michael Moore clip again, don't you?
Definitely.
Over and over again, if you ask me.
Well, not over and over again.
Well, wait a minute.
First I got to do this.
And then I got to do that.
And I got to press the button up and then.
I've invited my fellow documentary nominees on the stage with us.
And we would like to.
They are here.
They are here in solidarity with me because we like nonfiction.
We like nonfiction and we live in fictitious times.
We live in the time where we have fictitious election results that elects the fictitious president.
We we live in a time where we have a man sending us to war.
For fictitious reasons, whether it's the fictitious of duct tape or the fictitious of orange alerts.
We are against this war, Mr. Bush.
See my new Mr. Bush.
See my new.
And anytime you've got the whole thing to do against your kind of drugs.
Is that was a big, got that music player in man.
Yeah.
I'm surprised that it just dragged him off the stage.
Of course, they would take two guys to do it.
I guess.
Big guy.
Nice going there.
Michael Moore.
Oh, kind of guy.
See, let's elect him president.
Absolutely.
Right now.
I hope that they'll take away our guns.
Good.
Good.
A country like I said before, a million times, a country that places so little value on human life can never be a great country.
How you don't want more facts along this, another priest, sex scandal story, do you?
Oh, I don't care.
Just keep it, you know, for old times sake.
Remember what the Godfather said to Santina, well, man who doesn't take care of his family.
Man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.
Same thing with a US in violence and with killing people in life.
It's just like cockroaches, man, human life.
And it's like I said before, it's like a video game and we're sitting watching these images on the TV.
And there's a bleeding little kid and the bleeding five soldiers, which I still say I have no idea why they're so sensitive.
I mean, it's a grotesque piece of thing, but we've seen it all a million times before.
We only want to see their carcasses.
I see.
Well, we've already seen plenty of those as a matter of fact.
Not enough.
Not enough.
Oh, a few thousand more.
That's one question I would love to ask.
How many people have to die to make these people who are supporting this war happy?
How many people can die?
I think about three thousand.
Then they would say see they got three thousand of ours.
Let's get three thousand of them.
Even though they didn't do it.
It's got to be three-three.
One ratio.
Well, let's just kill three thousand people in general.
You know, I'd like us to feel better about 9-11, even though this has nothing to do with 9-11, but America collectively wants to feel better.
They want to feel better about that because we got nails.
So let's go out and kill some people.
Yeah.
He could sell those weapons to Alcada.
To Al Goldstein.
17 till noon at 5.60 WQM.
If you want to get your carpets looking just like brand new without forking out a big bunch of cash,
drive concepts are magicians, man.
Just like what's his name says?
Ozzy Osborne says you're a couple of bloody magicians.
Is that what he said?
That's what he said.
Bloody magicians.
I love that spot.
Anyway, drive concepts, technicians are fully trained and schooled and certified.
They know their crap and they drive clean your carpets.
Unlike anybody else in the world.
It's an exclusive patented method.
That's why I've used them in my house for over 21 years now.
And once you use them the first time, you never dream of calling anybody else or schlepping home a bunch of carpets cleaning stuff from the supermarket.
They do a miraculous job that make your carpets look and feel just like brand new.
They smell emity fresh, they grind a couple of hours.
And everybody will think you just went out and spent a fortune for brand new carpeting.
They also do an unbeatable job of thing you were poultry, leather furniture, expensive area rugs, etc. and so on.
And if you have problems with pet orders and milder orders caused by water damage,
drive concepts will perform their magic on those two.
So you're up to yourself and your carpets to use these people once.
You'll be pleased this punch.
And don't forget no matter what you have them do for you, they give you a written guaranteed price before they start the job.
No surprises at the end.
Call drive concepts tool free from anywhere called 1-800-248-5071.
1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website at dragconcepts.com.
Don't forget with drag concepts you clean today and entertain tonight.
Hi there, the local business is five cities.
The radio is on your side.
You win.
Push, push, come on!
And so we got yet another installment that is spectacular, more how it had debuted in a show.
We got Jay Fiedler coming up as a very spatial guest in it.
And after that we got another very special guest coming up tomorrow, that will be Jay Fiedler.
What are you doing now?
Now?
What are you doing?
Mao!
Come on, clip in my nose here.
What's it to you?
You just can't do a morning show and cut your nose here.
And what are you gonna do about it?
It's my show.
I'll do what I want.
Now!
Just like I was telling that Shremen tank they called a reen.
That's not nice.
Ready and made not nice.
You see the size of that broadened?
Talk about jumpable.
Somebody ought to paint yes or no on a race.
I'll let you know about promotions anyway.
The only thing she's good for is keeping the farmers happy.
Why don't you think she can eat an entire ham?
Uh oh!
She's back in and out.
Yeah, I can smell the prince match him a pavilion.
You have to go in the air and say those nasty things about me.
How dare you come into my place of business!
Don't you know we'll live like Elkoa theater.
I've had enough.
You pompous old dead rat hair paste wearing fossilized metamusal filled motherless.
I'll see here fat hole.
You are fired.
Hey!
Where are you fast enough?
Come here me.
I'm gonna throw a seed on your foot.
Don't put on a face.
Stick on a crush.
All right.
And between my bones.
I'm getting out of here.
Get me out.
Yeah, I'm gonna get a blast of pressure.
It'll help this.
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
Woo!
What do you say we just dropped Moe's bag over Baghdad?
Huh?
Gaurin said it's things worse than his hair piece.
11 before noon at 5.
She hates you by the way Moe.
11 till noon at 5.60.
All right.
Notice we had kind of like a good set up there today.
He was mentioned in my name a little bit talking about you putting the ladder back up.
Yeah.
And he was talking about a ladder on the billboard.
I thought he was referring to of course God forbid that any of the sports shows other than Joe Rose should knock the Huracans.
You know God forbid that we should knock down a Shalala and the University of Miami because God forbid they should take their stupid ass ball games to someplace else.
Who gives a crap?
You know what?
Who gives a crap?
Might actually open up some airtime for something somebody might want to listen to besides the much as stupid ass games.
But we do have balls on QAM once in a while.
Whatever Greg gets an extra shot at testosterone over the weekend.
I think he got a shot.
Quite honestly we're concerned with taking care of the patient and the the series of injuries that the patient presents with.
If during the course of their stay here they talked to us about what they were doing at the time that it's a military news conference on the wounded American soldiers at Ramstein Air Base in Germany.
War could be big business for Haliburton writes Carolyn Kuhn Reuters yesterday on the Reuters news service.
Oh no not another bedtime story.
Yes good.
Why is your son good today you know all rested.
No it's losing that weight you know understand after I had that stroke my head just like a constant cloudy headache kind of thing like I was dying over here you know.
And I'm sitting here and I'm eating and I'm but you know I finally I've decided a few days ago if I'm going to like live.
Yeah I got to get with it so I lost five pounds in three days you know what I eat I give up.
No wise comments.
No I'm sure this is going to sound pretty radical probably I'll get a call from my mother after I love this because last Monday you know my first day I was on vacation.
You were on at nine o'clock last Monday go out to the store buy a couple of things come back in at nine 15.
My cell phone is ringing I thought who the hell is that.
I pick up the phone I hear a voice saying now what's wrong.
What's wrong.
Can you handle it yeah just it's just it's never ending it's just the kvecching never ends as if I didn't tell I was going to be on vacation last week but nevertheless my so anyway I have two to three cheeseburgers that they would know
what's wrong with that pure adkins they they have the shapers frozen patties you know they're really good.
Don't have any crap in them and I use a slice of low fat cheese you know imitation whatever it kind of cheese and I cook one of those
up with some onions in the cheese and that's it that's my lunch that's my dinner and if I feel like I'll have a third one if I'm real
extra hungry now that I'm back working again right I sure I have only like two you know like one at one o'clock at one at six or seven and that's it.
I'm not hungry you know I'll tell you one thing about that can seriously after the first two days right if you can get through the first two days it's great because you lose all your appetite for all the sweets and other crap that you were addicted to but it takes two
full days and you do get a little cranky those first couple days like I see I got to have and then after the first two days it's like you don't even want
to get that crap you don't just get cranky get like lightheaded like I said lightheaded yeah there you go.
War could be big business for Halliburton writes Carolyn Kuhlund Reuters new service yesterday she says when it comes to making money for more in Iraq you can match the fire power of the company once
headed by vice president Dick Cheney Houston based Halliburton company could build roads and bridges and camps for American forces it can transport personnel and provide other logistics it can fight any
fires Iraqi leader Sodom Hussein might set and after the war assuming the US victory it can help restore Iraq's infrastructure and oil production.
While questions are made over how much work will boost the company stock price Halliburton's KBR engineering and construction division is basically the core of engineers to the US military said Jim Wirkland an analyst of Bank of America securities.
It's expected that the occupying army's infrastructure could in large part be supplied by KBR which is like I said a division of Halliburton.
At the same time the company's oil field services business which is second only the Schlumberger limited is likely to supply most of the heavy equipment to fight fires that Iraqi forces could
set the oil wells and fields as they didn't cooperate during the 91 Persian Gulf War. And should the US emerged victorious Halliburton which develops oil fields and drills for oil all over the world has the connections and businesses to play a major role in rebuilding Iraq and re wrapping the nation's oil production capacity back up to pre 91 Persian Gulf War levels.
They have the businesses they have the government relationship already well established as we all know Cheney was the CEO so it makes logical sense to Dennis Walsh an equity analyst who covers the energy sector for state street research and management.
A Halliburton spokeswoman declined to speculate on what may or may not happen with regard to Iraq she referred all queries to the is that queries to the US Department of Defense and the US Agency for International Development which both said that contracts were fighting fires and rebuilding Iraq's infrastructure have yet to be awarded neither agency would disclose with their Halliburton that submitted any bids which we already know they have reports earlier this months of the Halliburton want to contract to oversee firefighting in Iraq's oil fields but that has not been confirmed by either the company or the DOD.
It is our information that a contract framework has already been signed said with them who rates Halliburton to buy and doesn't only have its shares then it goes on to talk about how the stock went up and you know the other words war is good for some people like Halliburton and Dick Cheney how do you like that war is good of course the longer war goes on like I said before the more people get upset more body bags coming back with dead bodies and more grotesque pictures and more of a tourist and more of the public support goes down in dwindles.
In fact I guarantee you another day or two like we had yesterday especially and you see them retaken those pools again and they're going to go down and just like during every war.
See when you sell the public this bill of goods that it's going to be an antiseptic war and it's going to be like we got the greatest military and it's shocking all and then you notice in those first couple days all these great discussions they were having in private with Iraqi leaders and the Iraqis the regime was going to go fold up and they were going to have some kind of a compromise they were going to just the right.
Yes what didn't happen over and over again they're in disarray.
So the markets were soaring and a lot of suckers out there were so we're soaking up stock like it was coming out of a oil well somewhere and guess what I don't even dare look again you know I'll punch up the company that work one moment here but let's take a look.
Oh geez close to 300 points and that was down 281 and a half the Nasdaq's down 43 I don't want to look anymore because especially if that's guys face.
Expect to be able to do on a financial basis until the company.
Yeah yeah yeah not looking good baby.
It's another thing that Brunsfield said yesterday I'm I'm rambling all over the place because things are popping into my mind.
Alright he was excoriating the television or the Al Jazeera TV network.
Yeah for showing those pictures of the POWs and the dead bodies and he said anybody who shows those is a god no conscience and blah blah blah.
He was just ripping them and as for anybody who would dare to put those pictures on well I hate to break the news to him but the BBC and the CBC both aired all of the footage yesterday.
So I guess not only were going to go to war with the Iraq but also Canada and Britain.
The Shepard Britain's were like our allies are only major allies in the whole deal but now I guess we'll have to go to war with them too because the BBC are at the very least we'll have to knock the BBC towers on so they can't tell a cast.
Huh right it'll be a shock and all campaign I heard exactly when in doubt knock them out.
We're sports radio 560.
You weigh yeah.
This is Dick King.
I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers 12-1 hour beeping.
Hey.
Tony I told you don't bother me while I'm in here.
I sir.
Hello.
It's Mickey Mouse.
Oh Mr. Mouse good morning.
How are you?
What the hell are you doing to me?
Nothing sir.
You're freaking killing me.
No I'm not.
I know David Kelly called me every three minutes.
Why did we move the protest?
Sir you told me to move the protest.
I didn't tell you what you must have misunderstood me.
No sir you said move the practice to Monday.
Hey hey listen but wipe.
I'm the boss.
I make the decisions.
You take the heat.
Right.
You all move the practice.
Okay.
How we doing with it anyway?
I am mad.
Hold on.
What are you doing?
Remus.
Yeah.
Shut the hell up.
I'm on the phone Remus.
Hi sir.
Yes sir what was your question?
I'm telling you I'm going crazy over here between David Kelly and not Michael Jackson called
me every three minutes.
I'm going to go out of my freaking mind.
Hold on.
Remus.
Get here you go.
Stop it Remus.
I'm going to slow it.
Stop it Remus.
Remus.
It's one thing to my hand Remus.
That's your penis boss.
My other hand Remus.
That's a phone boss.
Right.
I can't hear anything Remus.
Stop slowing the floor.
Sorry.
I beg your pardon.
Sir the moves are working out very well.
The practice is fourth and it's time swat and more than a-
What?
What?
It's time swat.
Right so we even beat him to WB.
Fairly.
Oh my god.
Michael Jackson thing was a rating success.
Of course.
Hold on a second.
Remus.
It's the book.
What the hell are you doing with a harmonica?
Don't play it Remus.
I'll jam that thing down your throat.
Get the food right away from me.
Oh come on Blumenter.
I'm allergic.
Eyes are.
Sir over 25 million people.
Shut up Eisner.
Listen.
Yeah.
You see me what I'm doing here?
Sir you're on the phone.
I know I'm on the phone.
Do you see what I'm doing?
You're here imagination for crying out loud.
I'm moving my hands up and down.
It's like a sign.
I'm the puppet master.
I said you do it.
Now Fox is going to air all the stuff that you cut out of the Michael Jackson interview.
But sir you told me to edit out all that stuff to make him look like me.
And that's that that's that puppet master me.
Idiot.
Oh.
I'm going to.
Remus.
Yes, the animals.
What the hell are you doing now?
I'm fixing the floor boss.
There's nothing wrong with the floor Remus.
What's this in my ear?
That's your penis boss.
My other ear Remus.
That's the phone Remus.
Get out.
Get out.
Eisner.
Yes sir.
Get out.
Get out of me.
Get out of me.
I'm sorry sir.
Get out of me.
Sorry.
Get out of me softly.
1204.
Lightly killed is not the way we like it right.
And it's up to her.
And it's up to her.
So let's see on the, uh, uh, couple of contest.
I have to take your word for it.
This computer just crashed.
Oh.
Philippe and his wife have 131.
Honey and her man 55.
A fairly respectable second.
But the end of the case Philippe.
And her is a wife.
Monica and her man 37.
Henry and Diane 20 and Bob and a Dean still, uh, in last place with 11.
We wish them the best.
Don't we?
Sure.
And they'll enjoy that free dance.
Free dance.
What does that mean?
They're, uh, not cheap.
It's not just a dance.
It's a whole party that you get to go to.
Did you get that?
Yeah.
Oh well, but didn't you say that?
It's like we're like a free dance.
And one of those places where all the homeless shuttons go to.
No, no, no, no.
I don't have lots of flesh.
Look at that phone.
Maybe the phone is smoking.
Oh.
That a call on the board.
Not one call on the board.
Well, they must all be over with.
Rosh now to get the real straight real truth.
Are people in the Iraqi Army, whether special Republican guard or, uh, uh, uh, Fettahine,
uh, who have a lot of allegiance to this, uh, uh, to this.
Oh, you know something of your computer crash.
Maybe our phone is screwed.
Oh, I see one.
Ram five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
And a rather bizarre response here today, but that's okay.
It's show is smoking.
The audience is usual.
Well, they must be smoking something too.
How is the other pool company main pool on the main page on the main thing here?
Which of these statements best describes you're feeling about the Iraq attack?
It's all about oil and world domination.
188.
It's long overdue.
Let's roll.
Oh, 183.
It's a grotesque waste of human life.
119.
Iraq represented no threat to the USA.
82.
It's mostly political 70 and it's about liberating the Iraqi people 30.
So when you take the percentages, let's see 31, 31, half percent.
Have you got something supportive to say about it, which leaves 68 and a half percent opposed.
Speaking of a post, here's a, um, is this an organization?
I guess W.W.W.
W.W.
Patriots for peace.org that you faxed me.
Yeah, I guess.
And they've got, um,
what are these posters, uh, banners, uh, I reckon I was hoping you could say for me.
I guess probably all of these things.
It says Florida patriots for peace, spread peace visibly everywhere.
Are you a patriot just fit stand for peace and pass out?
And I can't read it because the very, the black background makes it impossible to read.
Pass it out.
You, uh, let us blanket the state with a message of peace.
Boy, if you could see what this looks like, how am I reading this?
Pass it on.
Uh, act now.
This is a local fast spreading initiative that will bring national attention.
So if you want to get to find out more about this, just go to their website,
patriotsforpeace.org.
Got it.
Got it.
Okay.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
You're reading lies on here.
Oh, God.
He ain't like I said, he ain't going to be on this show again.
What an idiot.
Man, this good, he needs to be rounded up with a guy named, you know, it's really interesting.
Same old stuff we got the war going on and the South Florida audience is not capable.
It's just the same crap.
It never stops.
Why isn't there a drop in atomic bombs and for Lauderdale wouldn't be any goddamn different.
You got nothing but a bunch of knuckleheads who call us radio station morning noon and night.
It never ends.
I guess we exhausted the pew and you notice there wasn't one person who called who disagreed.
And you want to know why?
Because just like Greg Reed, they got no balls.
No balls.
I'll sit here and listen to their bull crap.
That doesn't mean I'll agree with it, but I'll let them have their say unlike them who would like to have everybody on the air doing the ditto head crap.
What the rup that I had that crap.
For us up to them, all he would have is Rush and Fox News Network.
And that would be it.
Those would be the two sources for information in America and I would be the end of it.
Don't forget Boba O'Reilly on radio.
No, forget about him.
Small potatoes.
And you know, it's the big impact he's made in the market place.
Zero got a zero point zero.
The anti aircraft fire and coalition bombs lighting up the sky and clouds.
The CDC's Henry Chan is following developments in Washington and joins us now.
So Henry, this was certainly a tough weekend for coalition forces.
Now we already heard that.
Okay, let's take a call from Boca.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I knew you picked the wrong week to be off last week.
I've been dying here.
You're opinion about this war for a week now and you didn't let me down.
Okay.
But anyways, did you see one of the Iraqi leaders they interviewed are they were showing him on CNN last night and he says, uh, he soldiers.
I mean, I disagree about the first part, but the second part was good.
He says, the soldiers are a bunch of madmen led by the president who's a madman and a drunk.
And I'm sitting there thinking, yeah, I don't forget coke head as well.
Mm-hmm.
It was just too much.
You know, here's the guy.
Look, anything comes from these Iraqi scumbags.
I don't I mean, they did not.
Every single thing that goes on, they didn't have any up there were no PO Iraqi PO W.
I mean, they're just a bunch of lunatics.
So, you know, it goes around.
Of course.
One last thing.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
All right.
5.670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Here's a call from Weston.
Hello.
Yeah, one thing to say about this war.
Oh, wow.
Mm-hmm.
There's another war guy.
That's what he's got to say about it.
Oh, right.
See what I'm saying about the thoughtful Hawks out there.
Yeah, thoughtful, man.
He's got a lot of...
Uh-huh.
Let's go kill some people, maybe.
Let's go bring some kids back in body bags.
Make this guy feel better.
Asshole.
By the way, speaking of Weston, I'm going to do about six hours on a Cleveland clinic one
of these days.
Don't ever go there.
Okay.
I have in the other room in my living room.
I have a piece of paper, a sheet of paper that if I really had the balls speaking of people
with balls, I would be a multi-millionaire.
I mean, you talk about malpractice.
You talk about just totally ineptitude.
You know, when I had this stroke thing, right?
And the doctor puts me on the treadmill.
I mean, it's just amazing.
I'll give you just a little tidbit.
He writes, you know, how they have to send you an evaluation report after you go to the emergency
room?
Correct.
He writes in that the patient has no history of TIA or stroke.
Hmm.
Now, do you think that I forgot to write that down or tell him that?
No.
I'm actually saying that at least three times.
I think everybody knows that.
But you see, a little bit of kind of embarrassing for him to admit knowing that when he puts me
on the treadmill for a stress test, right?
The same day that I show up there.
Yeah, my heart's great.
I got a good squeeze.
Well, that's great.
Squeeze this, Doc.
Okay.
Cleveland Clinic.
Every experience I've had, both at the one I'm a knab road where they used to be in other
New Orleans, a Western, is an unmitigated disaster.
If I still had a dog, which is a rest in peace, I don't.
But I wouldn't send them there.
I'll tell you that right now.
The Scraice.
And of course, the great claim to fame.
Well, there are the doctors for the Panthers.
Now, one of the Panthers are sticking to join out.
I wonder what they can't win at home.
Good.
Gali Miss Mali.
The Cleveland F and Clinic, man.
They make me want to puke.
Here's a call from IMEB.
Hello.
Hi, Neil.
How are you?
Okay, sir.
Listen, the only good thing for me that came out of this was so far.
I went out to the track catch today at Gulf Stream.
Jolke Walker was out there.
And I'm looking at the program and there's one race.
One horse is called Showdown.
And the other horse is called Who's Crying Now?
So the only thing I could think of.
Okay.
Great call, Hank, and talk about it.
Okay.
Old Cocker from Gulf Stream.
Don't put any more old cockers on your car.
It was just when you were starting to redeem yourself.
You got that nice big bonus check coming from me.
When I come back, but a couple more calls like that.
It could like vanish in the thin air, you know.
Make sure nobody else gets on.
No one is over the age of 100.
Old Cocker is talking about the track, man.
Talk about a tune out.
Call up the hopper.
He'll talk about it.
How's the hopper doing?
Is there you seen lately?
That's on last week.
Do you lose an answer, too?
Hmm.
Get with it, Hank.
I'm telling you.
We're getting to that point.
We're like right on the age.
Right on the line, man.
12th and 3rd.
We're going to sound like that last guy to call.
12th and it's past noon at 560 WQM.
Do you have $2,000 more on a credit card?
If the answer is yes, then listen to this.
Devicated consumer counseling will help you.
And it'll cost you nothing.
That's right.
It'll cost you Zippo, not a Zippity Duda.
Devicated is a nonprofit company.
It'll contact the company's UL money, too.
And they'll cut your payments in half.
Call 1-800-4-NO-DEAD.
That's the number one-eighth- let me say it again.
1-800-4-4-0-0-D-E-B-T.
Devicated will help you cut your interest rate, eliminate late fees, and save your credit.
And it'll cost you Zippo.
The bank pays the evocated and you pay nothing.
So if you're tired of battling credit card debt, call Devicated today and check this out.
Call 1-800-4-NO-DEAD.
Call and find out how Devicated can help you.
You've got nothing to lose.
If you've had it with credit card debt, high interest rate, and late fees, call these folks.
Devicated consumer counseling, and they'll be handling it from there for you.
Call right now.
1-800-4-NO-DEAD.
And don't forget it cost you nothing.
I'm a low.
This is for sure you'll buy something.
You way, yeah.
Jemandage, I am a pussy.
The axis of evil.
You've heard about it.
But until now, you've only heard half the story.
Now, you can experience the salt your side of evil.
When you join, the axis of evil fan club.
I can't.
Not that kind of club, Saddam.
Oh, sorry.
The axis of evil fan club has already been approved by the entire population of France.
And when you join, we'll send you an autographed 8x10 glossy of one of the evil but lovely wacky nut jobs who runs Iran.
Dear Infidav, best wishes for an untimely death.
You so very much deserve.
Because you're loving mullap.
Plus, when you join the axis of evil fan club, the dog eating evil doers of North Korea will include a beautiful axis of evil t-shirt with this piece loving message.
Check it out. It says, I joined the axis of evil fan club and all I got was this lousy t-shirt.
So therefore, I deserve to die.
Whoa, that's so cool.
And best of all, joining is easy.
Send no money.
Just keep questioning the wisdom of naming names in the war on terrorism and your remember of the axis of evil fan club.
Join today.
It's Huff 16 and 560, I'm a human.
This thing you just facts to me about this, so Leesburg floor of congressman.
Yeah.
Garbage.
Okay.
He's afraid the media is tipping off the enemy.
He didn't like Peter Jennings because Peter wasn't go stepping in off for them.
I guess I don't watch ABC news under penalty of death, so I don't have any idea what Peter Jennings was doing or saying.
But evidently, he took flat from the fots people in the real white wing in up cases.
Which is amazing to me because Peter did well.
He's all over the place.
Peter Jennings.
I'm surprised it wasn't Dan Radar.
All of Dan is still a little choked up.
Huh?
Yeah, he's still a little choked up.
In fact, it's funny.
I mentioned that because he almost did lose it again.
What?
It was like, I don't know, I guess after the first day of the war, the first couple of American casualties.
And he came very, very close.
He was like, right on the edge.
I thought, oh, no, Dan, not again, please.
We already got broke, I'll just losing it completely on NBC.
Not again, Dan.
But he managed to hang on.
One of the things about CBS coverage, though, I noticed in flipping around the first couple of days, was very sterile.
It was awful lot of just Dan sitting in the studio.
And seeing the night line of Baghdad in the background.
Yeah.
And various shots of the troop movement and stuff like that.
And it was sterile.
I guess they didn't have enough guys embedded.
Seriously, if I ever heard that expression one more time, I'm going to blow somebody's brains up because, oh, my God.
But I'm ecstatic that that guy called a moment ago because there is a classic example of some real good dialogue and real good justification for the war.
All right.
Excellent.
In hospital and by and around 300 casualties that have been treated at those hospitals, there's an emergency day.
One other matter of concern for us is, of course, the fact that water pumping stations should be kept in working condition.
And there is right now a crisis in the south, the city of Baghdad, where 1.3 million people have not had access to drinks water in Friday afternoon.
Because the electrical high voltage cables have been cut by some of the bomb bathrooms.
Well, it certainly sounds like it's been a long and harrowing day so far.
Okay, straight night your phone on.
That's a guy from the International Red Cross in Baghdad.
And more on that, which is on our website, water and electricity supplies have been cut off in southern Iraq city of Basra for more than two days, threatening a humanitarian disaster towards the Red Cross.
I thought we were supposed to be bringing food and helping these people out.
Well, that's after.
Neither source has been available since Friday, meaning water or electricity, potentially crippling hospitals and services all through the Basra, which is the second largest city in the country, by the way, after Baghdad.
Electricity cables power in a major Wafa Al-Qaeda water station, which supplies 2 million people in as the biggest source in the region have been destroyed.
The Red Cross says the station is under the control of the U.S. led forces and negotiations Iran ongoing to try to set up emergency generators.
Florian Westfall for the Red Cross said we have not been able to gain access to the main water station today, so we'll try to do the same thing again tomorrow.
This was yesterday. 60% of the local population are still without access to a regular water supply, which could have opened away gigantic humanitarian crisis.
We are really, really going to try and gain access to the supply and do anything we can to repair it, but as you heard just the seconds ago from the Red Cross guy in Baghdad, it ain't happened yet.
Oh, brother.
But it's just going to be real simple and anesthetic, but I'm being put a boom and a piece of cake, see?
That's what government's into.
Yeah, that's right. We're negotiating right now. They're all going to surrender yadi, yadi, yadi in a partridge in a pear tree.
And don't you, that's not sure those pictures. They violated Geneva Convention.
Now is down 278 and a half points and Azdaq is down 43 and a half points.
What's Ricky Tiki Sanchez? Oh my God, he was just on the gambling network.
There's been oil for obvious reasons.
We're just a second or two. Must have been given one of those news recently with squatting. I thought I heard one of those.
Yeah, from Ricky Tiki Sanchez. Good God. One more good reason never to turn on the gambling channel.
Dangerous. Here's a call from some rise. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
I just wanted to chime in a little bit about this whole thing.
It seems to me that the person that attacked this country, the Asomalbin, lot and people and the people that did what they did to the World Trade Center.
Yeah. I liken it to somebody who got jumped in a bar fight.
The United States got their butt kicked in a bar fight. They didn't know exactly who to retaliate to.
So they picked somebody that they thought would be the token.
Oh, wait a minute. Let's let's let's slow down a second.
Didn't we go to Afghanistan and knock the Taliban out of power and beat the crap out of them and to get a whole bunch of al-Qaeda prisoners and stick them all down there and get Moa?
Didn't we do that?
We did, but you know what? There's one missing ingredient of Somalbin, lot and this country cannot bring to justice the person who needs to be brought to justice.
And they're picking on through this war to pick on a fact.
Similarly, just to satisfy what needs to be done and that's right.
That's absolutely right. It's done under that guy, but it's done for control of the oil.
They're using 9-11 and the emotion of the public as an excuse with the already had said this three or four years ago in 1999 when they set out their policy papers.
That was going to require some catastrophic event to get the American people softened up enough to allow them to go into a rack and sure enough that happened.
Well, yeah, but they're doing it. It's a smokescreen for the American people.
And everybody's hearts are still hurt from 9-11 and it's the wrong thing to do.
The retaliation for 9-11, I'm all for and I support all the countries and devers, but this is just a tangent in the wrong direction.
I just wanted to put my two cents in on that.
What's your name?
I'm sorry.
Go ahead.
My family and I just wanted to my family and I support and wish the troops the best and we want them home and it's unfortunate that they have to be there.
But my family and I support every thing that this country does for this country and without exclusion without anything.
It's a wonderful thing that we have troops, those young kids over there fighting for what we have over here. And in that respect, we support them.
I don't understand though. They're fighting for what we have over here. I don't get that.
They're fighting for our freedoms.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. What does that mean?
I mean, I support the troops too, but they were placed there by the government. They didn't have a choice.
But they're fighting for our freedom against what?
Well, wait a minute. Maybe I'm going to spoke what I'm saying.
These kids joined the armed services in this country, the fight for our country.
I know they're not fighting for the right thing right now, but they're told to do what they're giving something to do and they do what they're told.
In that respect, I support them. That's what I'm saying. Not the war effort, but the fact that they're overseas and they're doing something that goes against their nature and in that respect, you have to support them.
Okay.
And hope that it doesn't take long.
I hope that they can have a couple hours and get them back.
I have one more thing to say. Since Rick St. Chas left town, you know, Channel 7 has been kind of a okay place to turn.
But now they got this guy, Ross Lowe on there. Do you know what this guy is?
No.
Is this guy squatting over the map at 6.30 in the morning when I wake up drinking coffee?
I got to get him off the channel, Channel 7.
I can't get him off the channel.
Okay. Program it out and have a great day. I think he could have gone on till midnight.
Yeah.
Here's the fact it says I'm a Vietnam veteran when I hear these military briefings on TV.
They begin to sound like the same old battlefield lies.
What you're seeing with these real-time TV reports is an army that's mostly inexperienced in battle and led by a general Franks who's committed them to battle.
The battle plan is hopefully unsuited to the task.
The fact you say I fear the body count is only going to go higher, but I certainly have confidence in our commander in chief.
After all, he kept the borders of Texas safe way back when anybody who was dangerous, they just executed him as well.
They tried their ass.
As planned in Hollywood last night, but the celebrations were muted and a number of the stars call for peace.
Chicago.
Chicago, which was filmed in Toronto, led the awards.
It got six Oscars, including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actress for Half-N-Zeta Jones.
Best Actress was awarded to Nicole Kidman for the hours.
And Adrian Brody won Best Actor for his depiction of a Holocaust survivor in the pianist.
filmmaker Michael Moore caused some controversy when he accepted the award for Best Documentary.
We live in a prime where we have a man sending us for more.
For the Titus reasons we live in the Titus.
Moore's producer Michael Donovan was one of four Canadians to take home an Oscar last night.
All right.
From 25 and don't be booing no candidate anymore.
You assholes down there at the macaroni.
You idiots, you invasible.
See, those are the same people who think that the French Canadians are what candidates all about.
Much of idiots.
Puts of people who never got north of the Palm Beach County line.
Hey, I'll tell you a place where you can go and you don't have to go anywhere right to your phone and call our friends at Balance for Life because they'll help you lose that weight.
We've been talking a lot about how weight is man.
Being overweight is bad for you.
A lot of fat people running around this world today and it'll make you sick.
Not a way you look like crap, but it'll make you one healthy.
Eventually, you know, you can fool another nature for only so long.
Eventually, it'll get to you.
Trust me.
So lose weight.
They painless, disciple weight with Balance for Life and the great results the beast has gotten.
He's lost 10 near 60 pounds and he looks almost human now. His head is down to a size 15.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no counter-accounting, no carbohydrate counting.
Just great delicious food, three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks every day,
which they deliver right to your door in that famous little black sack.
Once you've got your little black sack, it's like a linus with a security blanket.
You know, you got your food for the entire day and if you eat all of that stuff, it'll keep you full.
It's fresh, it's delicious, it's all kind of goodies and you get to choose between two alternatives
for each meal every day that you're on a program.
It's all based on the principles of the very complex zone diet, but you don't have to worry about
figuring out because they do that for you.
So get yourself back into good health and good shape, lose that weight once and for all
if you try all of the gimmicks Balance for Life can do it for you.
Call them today. There's no obligation to tell you how the program works.
Call 954-568-3229.
That's 954-568-3229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com
In no time at all, you'll look almost as lovely as the world famous beast.
Live and global.
Here's sports video 560-6U-A-M.
I like Neil's pole.
Oh, right.
Oh, wait up.
Little Georgie, wait up.
Chill out.
Little Georgie, chill out.
The people have been pulled and this is what you've been told.
About two to one they don't want wars, so I'll put you plans on.
Hold, wait up, little Georgie.
Here.
Hold up, little Georgie.
Well, why don't we try to get old-sum?
No.
Why don't we get real out on our own?
No.
Well, we're gonna tell the world they say.
No more war, we're gonna play with Georgie.
Hold up, little Georgie.
We know Saddam is really a big threat.
But no one wants to see World War III yet.
We're gonna play with Georgie.
Chill out, little Georgie.
We ought to stay home.
Wait up, little Georgie.
Wait up.
Chill out, little Georgie.
Chill out.
Before you send our men, be sure to count to ten.
For you though, the crap out of the Iraq please listen to the UN.
Wait up, little Georgie.
Hold up, little Georgie.
Wait up, little Georgie.
Call 32 at 5.60 W3M, our hot couples contest.
Now what do we do?
We let it go till tomorrow morning and then we decide who wins?
Yes, and then we will alert them and we will put more pictures up of the winner since we got a good idea who that's gonna be.
Good.
Because I think the day is already cast as they say.
Philippe and wife 147 votes.
You can go to neo-riders.com and click on where it says hot couples contest and then vote.
Take a perusal of these five couples.
Philippe and wife 147, honey and her man 58, honey bears all.
Monica and her man 40, Henry and Diane 23, and Bob and Marley, what is it named?
Bob Marley.
Bob Marley and a Dean Schwartz have 12 in last place.
But they're wonderful folks and we appreciate them doing it, you know, whatever they did.
They made an effort.
And we're not gonna do this priest story, are we?
No, we sure have a lot of open lines in the photo.
I'll tell you this is just a shocker to me.
Just amazing.
But then again, you know, the people on the other side which I realize is still a majority of the public,
they don't have the balls to confront me and take it.
See, I'm gonna say it again.
This business of confusing being patriotic and of course the right wing isn't trying to do that going all the way back to right after 9-11.
Oh, the Democrats don't care about your security.
Well, that's a pile of crap, okay?
A bunch of bull crap.
As if one party cares more about us being secure than the other one does.
And they haven't stopped ever since.
You're either with us or again us, you know, it's that kind of mentality.
The good guys and the bad guys.
Oh, and I'm just thinking the lead of our country, who's probably a creationist.
You know, this is a...
Oh, absolutely.
Are you kidding me?
Sure.
This is like, you know, the most advanced nation on the earth and you know, he's like...
He's back in the Stone Age himself and he wants the bomb I racked back to the Stone Age.
And he wants to put us back in the Stone Age too.
Yeah, he's got a good start believe me. We're about two thirds of the way there.
And I'm just like...
I don't know, I'm not a, you know, I'm my own religion.
I'm just a... I guess, agnostic or...
I'm gonna follow a major religion and I sort of speak.
But he takes it upon himself to lead our people in his holy war.
He said it's not a holy war, but the language they're used is evil of access.
To me, it signifies it's definitely a holy war.
You know, and I mean, I don't know what, you know, what, what, where is he from?
And no, don't forget about the born again Christians who are San Hallelujah.
He's leading this on the road to Armageddon. This is what it's all about.
And we had, they had a hundred thousand people in San Francisco, two hundred thousand protestors in New York.
And we had beach rest down here.
So...
I'm...
With any evangelism.
I think you got your thumb right on it, man. Have a great day.
All right. Take it easy.
Thanks. That's a good lead into the story.
From family news in focus, a website of focus on the family.
Focus, focus, it's the focus on the family.
Speaking of right-wing religious nuts.
Groups worry over USAID rule and post-war Iraq.
This is just astonishing.
This is where their priorities are. This is the kind of thing they're worried about.
We got people being butchered over there.
We got our young men and women, and we got Iraqi civilians and little children bleeding death and being slaughtered.
Una bomba grande.
When the military job is finished in Iraq, a liberal-leaning government agency will likely put a push into the agenda and bag that this says.
This again, from focus on the family.
A right-wing bunch of nuts.
American soldiers are on Iraqi soil now trying to liberate the people of Iraq.
But when the military battle is over, the battle over a new Iraq will begin and the social issues in the Islamic nation will take center stage.
For months, the State Department has been planning the reconstruction of Iraq, including that effort as the US Agency for International Development, USAID.
A government agency that has in the past taken a very liberal approach to helping nations.
Steve Mosher headed the population research institute, especially wary of USAID and his liberal approach through the issues of condom use and abortion.
As soon as the dust settles after the conflict, USAID will be sending in the condom pushes and the sex educators Mosher said,
there is the view at USAID that we need to remake these societies in the image of Hollywood, where in the image of Manhattan, we need to attack the patriarchal family.
USAID told family news and focused that the priority will be to provide basic health services to the Iraqi people, and those services will not include condom distribution.
However, the fact that USAID has pushed its pro-condom and pro-borsion using other countries has many conservative pro-family organizations thinking Iraq will be next, and then at the end of this, it says, please contact President Bush regarding post-war Iraq.
Thanking for his commitment to help the Iraqi nation rebuild, but cautioning him that the US has no business promoting abortion or condoms in post-war Iraq or imposing programs that will work against the traditional family.
Oh my God!
Oh God!
Wow! Ty's running with what that caller was talking about. Religious nuts.
You know something, if they want to go on a road to Armageddon, have a good life.
Okay, we'll pack you a guy named Salami Sandwich on Rye, but we don't want to go. The rest of us aren't, we're not the parade with you.
Okay, we're not goose stepping along the road. Who has the way of you having a bride?
Have a bride ever called you? No. Oh yeah, yeah, he's going to send one. He's sending one today, and another one tomorrow.
So in other words, that little bald had a geek didn't send me nothing last week, just because I was on vacation, so now I have to wait extra time to get it. What is he thinking about?
Did he have to wait extra to get paid? No.
And I've been pissed off of Brine because he's been really greatly lately, but nevertheless, just to keep him on his toes, you know how emotionally he gets.
I don't want to get him depressed or anything like that.
Get that stuff going, Brine, you little geek. God!
And that's probably your fault. You got him all whipped up with that treasure island stuff.
Treasure Island. We didn't have a treasure island. Well regardless, that's where his mind is at now. You know, Ossian, it's Ossian, it's just like Miguel, man.
You think you're guy like Miguel? No seriously, you think you're guy like Miguel's got a beautiful, a living girlfriend who gets late five, six, seven times a day.
You think that he'd be satisfied at this point? Is he satisfied? That's all he knows from me.
I ask you a question. Yeah.
Regardless of their situation, doesn't like looking at good looking bodies and people.
Did people? Okay. Which means a lot in South Florida.
Just go to sunrise. I'll tell you sunrise likes.
Oh, what's that? The more than he pictures.
Sure one tomorrow. Let's see what he does. Okay, maybe he'll flip it and his wig too. Flip his lid.
21 till 1. So the billboard is still up.
I'm thinking that maybe is a promising moment. Maybe Greg is drawn a line in the sand.
Maybe he's going to tell Donnishlai let me use him.
Oh, huh? Don't say sand. Oh, sorry.
I'm serious. Maybe he's finally developed a little bit of an intestinal fortitude and said enough is enough.
Okay, we're not going to be bullied around by wacky Jackie or by Donnishlai.
Right? Are you of him or anybody else? I mean, we've got balls. That's something controversial. Donna.
That's what just like that last thing I read about. That's what she's got to worry about at you of him.
Is it promotional billboard? This is we've got balls. It's got a hurricane dolphin and Panther logo on top.
My God, that should be your worst problem ever at the University of Miami, sweetheart.
And I'll say it again. I guarantee you, a janitorino has got a lot bigger pair than you got.
Although 20 till 1 at 560 WQM for years. I've been telling you about the health benefits of olio.
I'm taking it from my blood pressure reading. I'm doing great.
And I keep telling you about this because like I said, it really works.
Olio might solve. Fels contain pharmaceutical grade olive oil the best. Not ordinary olive oil, but super concentrated.
Loaded with health benefits. Lots of other good stuff in there. Olio might every day can up reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol.
Plus there are 14 different olio informials for you to choose from.
Each one combines pharmaceutical grade olive oil with vitamins, minerals, and herbal stuff to support specific needs.
From your bones to your blood pressure, the immune system.
Just choose the formulas that are right for you.
Now there are three new olio med formulas. One to help you sleep, one to help you control that weight, and sell Q10 for your heart.
You'll find olio med publics, records, wall green, soul food, markets, and rose ants, and sedans.
Or order it online if you like olio med american.com. For info, column 231-866 olio med.
That's 1-866-653-6633. Get your olio med today and start feeling a hell of a lot healthier.
And if you're planning on attending the NASDAQ tennis tournament this week, make sure you stop by the olio med booth.
The beginning of the way free samples and raffling away gift baskets packed with olio med products you can start popping it in your push right away.
This is 4205-6.
You ain't too way.
To go back to Canada you do bastard.
This old man Dick Cheney, he had an G.O. Bestie, had a heart attack, had a whack, got him a full stone.
Next time he's not coming home.
Hey, did you like Jack?
But let's go another one. This time with the president.
This knit with his name's Bush.
He's a hemorrhoid in the tush. He picked a guy who would die so we be alone.
There's nothing in his empty dough.
That's a picture of picking up a boy.
He was the first day still in the election and now they're like plundering and looting, you know, for fun and profit.
And killing.
That they are facilitated in that and I hope they would be facilitated by both sides in the current war.
Can you look ahead for me a little bit?
What are your major concerns about the reconstruction of a rack down the road?
As opposed to the immediate concern is the humanitarian situation.
We know that more than 60% of the population of a rack is extremely vulnerable and they have been dependent on the oil-for-food program.
They are now in a situation where they must have terrible problems of having access to foods, to water, to sanitation facilities.
Yeah, we're going to liberate you. We're going to come in and bomb a crap out of your country and cut down the oil and electricity and do all these wonderful things.
That good? We're going to liberate them to death.
We'll give you so much freedom. You'll die from it.
How do you like that?
Exactly.
Why did somebody fax me this a mic meocom? Did he actually say something or what? I don't know.
They can't say crap.
The battle within splits hearts and minds.
And he goes on about the acrimony about those who support and those who are against what he's right about that.
But you know, he reads things in the papers, see those comments from some Democrats.
Oh, this is somebody talking to him.
He's so anti-American Peter Jennings.
I just screamed back at the TV.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you bum?
How do you like that for timing?
Peter Jennings, you know, he is Canadian.
So therefore since the Canadians are in it.
Why don't you go back to Canada, you two bastards?
He ain't Jewish. Okay. That's why.
Jackass.
Yes, so my dear work team of crap. Okay.
As usual. How you doing, Mike? Pretty weak column.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the ATD.
How is that clearance doing, by the way?
Is he laying lowers? He flying out of the radar, speaking of the war?
I haven't seen him today.
Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
Laying low.
And by the way, payday is tomorrow clearance.
I just mentioned that in passing to make sure since it's one of his really big assignments.
What are you going to make for me?
I'm going to make it for you.
It's going to be a tiny fashion, just like, please.
Yeah. And that's right. Let's let Carlos, I mean, I know that Listo has been showing up on time,
which had damn well-better tomorrow in the mail.
But Carlos, the last time I had to get Dick to round all day, you know?
And he's getting tired of getting Dick to round him.
In fact, speaking of Dick Cheney, you know how he's always there, who is complaining
and where the hell is the vice president? We can't find him.
Right. Everybody's looking for Dick Cheney.
So I put a big sign on my door here just in case he comes up to Canada.
It says looking for Dick.
Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello.
Hey, now.
Yes, sir.
Is Mike more a faggot like you?
Yeah, he's not a faggot. No, I'm sorry. He's a heterosexual faggot.
See there you go again. Like I said, there's two.
Yeah, there's two.
Only you faggot said it against this war. That's right.
All the heterosexual population of the world is in favor of butchering up a whole bunch of innocent people.
Right. Right.
But I'd like to mom and dad that just lost their soldier boy.
Right. Exactly.
Five, six and four Michael Moore, man. He's a really good service, don't he?
Yeah. Yeah.
Just got an hospitalized night.
Oh, boy.
But that's what you're dealing with. That's what you do. A bunch of red necky gun-totan right wing morons.
Man, that's it. That's what he's got in a religious nuts, which many of the same crossover.
I love eating nuts.
Here's for a lottery. Hello.
You know, God. Yes, sir.
Hey, you know, something before the high I talk about the religious influence on the administration.
I can barely hear this call, Carlos.
Totted up here.
Remember the situation with publics a couple of years ago where they wanted to play upbeat, you know, background music and one old, you know,
Mogi complain. Yeah, and they took the music off it.
The same with Chalela. I mean, I mean, they're just so
of spineless, you know, I can you believe a bunch of crap like that?
Here's the woman who's supposed to be this big respected national figure and she was the secretary of HHS.
Exactly. And she's got no sense of humor.
She's all sensitive about a joke of a billboard.
And we got balls. We go, I have to do with sports that every sports station in America sports radio station uses as a logo.
We got balls and she's getting better shape of honor.
Exactly. The main point I wanted to make was supposedly in the in the issue of Time Magazine that's coming out today,
they're supposed to be an article.
I believe it may even be the cover story that talks about the the idea of the people like Pearl, like Wolfowitz, having this idea that Providence is what's guiding them to go in and take care of the good versus full act.
I thought we were in Iraq, not Rhode Island.
Exactly. Also, the other article I wanted to refer you to in last week's New Yorker, there was a great article by Seymour Hersh, who's a great writer who talked about it.
Seymour Hersh, him in about 40 cents by half a cup of coffee, he writes more crap.
I would like to buy, I have it sitting right here's a matter of fact, but I have found no other way around.
I mean, you're in the middle of Saudi Arabia, right?
Yeah. No, he does. I mean, the whole thing with the Korean plane and all of that.
Yeah, I mean, you have to kind of read him carefully, but Seymour Hersh takes about 55% of the sources.
He takes about 50% truth and then weaves it in with about 50% fiction and the apparel is even suing him for that book by the way.
Hello, you know, who the fuck is?
Yeah, what does that say, right?
Yeah. Thanks, Neil.
Thanks a lot.
Let me set again, project for the New American Century.
Check it out. In fact, they had their own website, PNAC.
Look it up, do a search for it or just let's see what they now do a search.
Project for the American Century, they got their own website and they'll explain you in glorious detail.
I didn't put item.
They're whole glorious plans. This was four years ago. They wrote all this crap up.
The Bush Cheney and the Rumsfeld and Wolfowitz and the Pearl Crowd.
It's pretty sad and pretty scary.
And what's even more scary is that a bunch of dodo birds like the two we've had today.
You see, you can have any opinion you want. I have no problem with that.
The show is almost over. We've been on almost four hours and we had one person with a cogent, a realistic argument in favor of this war.
No.
No. No. Not one.
Here's Linda and Boko who says to the young 18 year old guy named Jason who's pictured in the Sunday Sun Sentler as a war supporter.
Your science is that you're for our troops for our present for our country.
So put your butt where your mouth is and listen over to a rack with the other 18 year olds you're supporting to do the dirty work for you while you hold up signs and little American flags.
Excellent point, Linda. Very good.
Beauty.
Yeah, he's, while he's, you know, his fellow countrymen 18, 19, 20 years old.
A lot of them are going to come back and body bags. He's running around waving a placards and signs.
Nice going Jason. You putts.
1251 at 560 WDQM. Hey, all you dogwebbers out there. You're out at work all day long. What's your dog doing? Can't turn on the TV? Can't call and talk to me. Can't even turn on the radio and going to the park alone is probably out.
Dogs need their friends too. That's why you should treat your dog to the best pet resort in the entire state of Florida. Probably in the world.
Bark Avenue pet resorted. It's the only all natural pet resort in the country. So I can have a day at the spa for your dogs. Your pooch will socialize all day with pals and gals in the soft-matted player.
There isn't always out of the supervision of dog loving counselors to bark Avenue is a full service five star resort offering boarding and large-tiled sweets.
They offer daycare expert grooming on all breeds too. When you see a place like I got.
Huh? Oh, I see what this is. It's a week piece of coffee. Who's this? Oh, Troy. What do you expect? When you see the place, you're going to be very impressed with the clummus and the lack of odor.
Believe you may. You won't be like my living room used to be. And you'll also be impressed with the 10,000 square foot luxury facility too.
In fact, you can bet if tiny was still alive. He'd be there right now. Rest in peace. See for yourself at bark Avenue is all about go online at barkavav.gov.
Av. V.E. barkav pet resort.com and take a virtual tour which you can also do while your pets are there. By the way, when you're on vacation, you can check them out online or take a real tour at bark Avenue any Monday through Saturday at 1400 South Federal Highway in Hollywood.
Just one light north of Pembroke Road called bark Avenue at 954 925 bark. That's 954 924 925 bark for boarding grooming and take care.
Bark Avenue pet resort.
My and local. This is 4256.
They gave you.
I stumble and I bumble just to talk is really hard without prewritten notes from power over Andrew card.
I bring his made it do do.
But that don't seem to bug you.
Has no opposition and you have no opinion.
He's.
It's.
I'm out.
They should.
Wave of white collar crime.
Unless of course the seat is or old friends of mine.
He was.
That's as let us on the go.
Not every flasher.
He's a home home.
The saw these they attacked us but who don't give a crap it's.
Just.
There are friends.
That's for sure.
We're in pursuit of people George every day.
Just like those drug lords being pursued by OJ.
You don't care what I'm doing.
And I thought I was stupid.
The media controls up.
You knew you wasn't told the team was.
Sure.
He didn't see it on TV.
It ain't true.
The media isn't our control with stories there are spinners.
No matter what goes wrong.
It will just blame it all on flint.
I don't have no interest going down.
I'm on a higher moral ground.
It's that I wouldn't know how.
He's a moral grounder and the bug found their team boy.
Oh.
Pro 57 and 560 W.
Sonny and 52 right now we're going to make it to 58 today.
How do you like that?
Yeah.
Okay.
But you would like it as opposed to like 98.
All of it was like it was this morning but I'm sure it's not anymore.
I doubt it.
I doubt it.
So they just had a piece from Britain where they were interviewing little kids in school like middle school aged kids you know like seven and eight and 10 whatever.
Yeah.
And they were asking them for their comments on all the images that they're seeing on TV and they're saying well you know the pictures come on.
And we see all of this fighting and the bombs and the voices come on and it's like it's like they're describing a game a war game right.
And that's exactly right.
That's the way the of course they're watching the BBC so that only knows what if they would see the American networks with our cool scene and graphics.
Right.
That's right.
And of course those orange alerts and all the other the 85 different lines that you have to read at the same time.
The bell is down about 278 points by the way and the next I stand about 45 not looking too good.
Like I told that guy don't count your profits in before their hatched is what I tell you right now before an orange snatch.
Because now the things aren't going quite as smoothly it's not going to be a piece of cake it's not going to be like a walk into park and all of a sudden people say uh oh.
Oh you mean we got people dying over there.
Uh oh you mean it's going to be more see the 80 million all of a sudden an hour this morning or is what up to 90 million.
That was just an hour.
And keep in mind that's just for starters.
Right.
Okay.
When you're starting to talk about rebuilding the infrastructure and all the humanitarian aid and all of this other stuff that's going to and I realized you went is uh isn't that interesting also that we're thumbing our nose at the you went and we're saying that they're no longer relevant at least W is they're no longer relevant but when it's all over we'd be delighted to have them come in and help us with all the humanitarian.
What are you laughing about that's exactly what it's in.
We don't want to put the bill ourselves and do all of that work ourselves so in other words screw you but when we need you will call you.
It's basically what he said to the you went call me when the party starts.
Exactly.
Well let you know when we got our job done then you come in and suck up the rest pick up the drivings.
Speaking of bizarre things this story from the Sun Central just amazes me.
Lionel Tate's case to be presented at UN Human Rights Meeting.
The case of Lionel Tate who was 12 and was sentenced to life in prison without parole for killing a six year old girl is being taken to the United Nations Human Rights Commission.
The Reverend Thomas Masters said yesterday.
Masters plans to present Tate's case this week to the Commission with Beatson Geneva Switzerland.
He says the last the Commission to intervene on behalf of taking claim that his sentence is a violation of his human rights.
He's president of under our wings group working to eliminate the adult prosecution and punishment of children.
The group has taken the cases of Tate and a thank you Brazil to the Vatican.
How do you like that?
Well that'll solve it.
No comment.
I mean what's there to say especially Nathaniel Brazil you know what I mean?
No way Jose.
Okay we got out of time 242 say the worst all about oil and world domination.
It's long overdue let's rule 210.
It's a grotesque waste of human life 132.
Iraq represented no threat to the USA 97.
It's mostly political 83 and it's about liberating the poor Iraqi people.
We got how many?
34.
Man dog is next.
Pan coming up from Shulah's at three.
Bye bye bye.
This is the base of fat Jew.
