Let's record radio big shot.
That's how we pass the time away in the G.O.J. Little Haws.
It's time to get it on.
Moohawar the monkey faster.
Has a variable this nose.
When he gets raped or plastered,
the veins on his nose will blow the movement.
Everybody hates him.
Except the head full of whole bones.
Four holes in a pile of great tears.
Grab the morning show that blows.
One day the well dressed red breed has no gentile.
My CTLs needs a new headlight.
You mind if I borrowed your veins tonight?
There's another line that goes here.
But I'm a love eventually with your fluid.
I'm listening.
Mastik crank keep it to the end.
Ten I wanted five sixty WQM.
We must be both psychic because we're just talking moments before the conclusion of the Joe Roe show this morning.
Meer moments ago.
That it was going to be a financial thing.
See they keep making up these stories about well NBC6 has to decide what a Joe Roe can do permanent 8-10 on QYM.
Well they could decide that.
It's either one of the other two seconds.
And the fact that he's been fillin now for about 100 weeks indicates to me the answer is yes.
Pretty simple.
So that's just a cover story for the fact that Beasley is too cheap.
And he's trying to squeeze a lot more money out of Greg because he's got him over a barrel.
He's got about a short hairs.
We all know that.
Well, since he's going to stick in there between 8 and 10 and the very Jack S three points out accurately that it's going to be Joe Rose with guilty.
Because guilty don't want to be working with that cranky old man one more day.
What?
He told me that last Friday that I was there.
I told he's stopping the hallway.
I went in to take a leak and I thought I was going to pee my pants.
Not because he was so funny, but because I couldn't get inside the tea room because he did.
He was just squeaking up a store man.
Well, it's not a secret.
Oh, it's not.
No.
And of course in most cases, I guess at this point what differences make it you know one more person that he finds out hates him like poison.
What difference is going to possibly make because he's banning a thousand.
Right.
You got to give him that drop in the ocean.
Everybody in the building hates him like poison.
So who's going to work with him?
Beast.
I think that would be now is the beast there today.
Yeah.
He is.
He's the one that pointed out the article to me.
All right.
Let's hear maybe he was doing that so we would talk about it and then maybe get him back in the door because if Joe and Geltie are going to be together again, we sure don't need the beast in there butting in being a third person, third demand in.
Right.
Right.
Right.
Maybe we can get the beast to come in and discuss with us for about ten seconds.
Just a joke, Beast.
Get that out.
That was fast.
What do you mean?
Before you were doing a sentence.
So what does he got to say?
Put a moment there by that mic, okay?
He's coming in here boy.
He can't.
I'll bet.
He's a boy.
He's really the big and the taste of him open his big push.
You have a better chance of me being anorexic than working with him again.
Then you working with Moa again while you see it's easy for you to say that and open up a big centurion push.
But if they powers the B-tegged that's it, you're not going to like walk out.
You're not going to walk away from a plush job.
What if they make you an offer you can't refuse?
Right.
What if they say, hey, well, double your pay and we'll let you sit in his lap couple of days a week.
So I get paid six bucks an hour now.
Right.
That's right. He has rich parents.
He doesn't have this.
And you get to split the freebies from how he's with the with the moment.
But Beast has to do all the tipping.
Right.
What are you saying?
No.
No.
What would it take?
What would it take?
Would Moa have to let you like changes hair piece every day during the show
and rub his vault spot when I do it like a Buddha?
Only if the beast doesn't have to clean out his bag anymore.
And listen to this.
Moa might be inspired to leave the piece home because could you see the two shiny vault spots
there side by side to make a great make a great billboard.
If you press their heads together, it would be illegal and broward.
Oh yeah.
Rub it up, dub.
Throw Moa in the tub.
Absolutely.
I can just see it now.
Okay, that's it.
Pie Beast.
When is it start?
When is he starting with Moa?
He's already started with no one show no that started in with Moa woman rams
car into gas pump after clerk won't sell her booze.
This is a great story.
Got a lot of good stuff here, including Perry Jackass's column.
Thank you, Beast.
By the way, for pointing that out because you're the only one desperate enough in the building to read
very Jackass.
So he's the only one knew about it.
Plus Moa and then Joe.
I'm thinking at what?
Because I'm not really big on the crossover thing.
It was fine with for real.
We had a lot of good fun.
But Joe and I, Joe does a sports show and I do my own wacky thing here.
But I'm thinking that maybe once in a while Joe and I could conspare because they're at the end.
I was like just Jones and a jump in, you know.
More to you?
Oh man, Joe got like here a little bit there.
Rip and Moa and ass about very Jackass and about don't feel bad because
Grace is your program is entertaining and you don't have to refer to it every day.
And I know you're not listening and all I could stop.
Absolutely.
But maybe we could do like a rip low crossover once in a great while.
You know.
Yeah, I was thinking about it.
I was thinking about it.
That was just tiny.
Oh, we better before we do the story about the woman Randi Agass pump.
Here's the results from yesterday's marginal second pool.
Actually, we had a pretty good response.
958 votes for a, well, it was a good pull question.
I just don't think they get it because we got so many parochial people there who don't go nowhere.
In what city in the world you find the highest percentage of the people are very, very, very ugly.
Even uglier than me, which is saying a lot.
High Alia, which was a late addition, passed everybody else like it was standing still, man.
High Alia 237.
Is that true?
Oh, I don't get to high Alia's often as I use to.
I haven't been to high Alia since the last time I was at the race track there, which is about
oh, years and years and years ago.
Yeah.
Remember that when I would do when we were trying to save High Alia and I still don't know why because
John Brennan was a real asshole.
I haven't been to High Alia since I stopped working at these sewing sweatshirts.
Since before, hey Zeus was a baby.
High Alia 237, Tampa 141 and Hollywood Florida 111.
That's the frog factory.
But you notice the fact that the top three in our pull result happened to be in Florida.
Because most of the people in Florida, I mean, I definitely don't get around too much.
So they had a beeper all the Montreal, over 100.
I'm proud of that 102.
That was the obvious clear choice.
Montreal 102.
Cleveland, a very competitive second 97.
Ye Paris, Paris France was the only non-North American city on air.
Paris had 80.
O'Cowah had 70.
Nashville 49.
Reading, Pennsylvania 36.
I don't think there are that many people living in Pennsylvania.
How many people live there?
About 30 men.
But 36 said the ugliest people in the world are in Reading, PA.
Asheville, North Carolina 33.
And Barca Lono, which I still don't believe had six votes.
I have to find out it's bogus.
Probably somebody couldn't get laid in Barca Lono said that.
Saur grapes.
Not buying it.
So that's yesterday's pull result.
We got two great pulls for you again today.
Should we do the first one?
I give the first one quickly, OK?
OK.
What was your take on GW Bush's surprise Thanksgiving?
Now you didn't do this on Friday, did you?
No, I did not.
I was amazed that people that's right.
I knew you didn't do it because you did that one about what's more important.
Living forever or having a horseshoe up your ass.
Right.
What was your take on George W Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops in Iraq?
We got five choices for you here.
It was strictly politics.
It was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary.
It was clearly courageous designed a bolster troop morale.
Why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening?
Or it was a sorry ass photo op, nothing more?
I think that covers all the bases, don't you?
What was your take on GW Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops in Iraq on Thanksgiving day?
It was strictly politics.
It was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary.
It was clearly courageous designed a bolster troop morale.
Very courageous, by the way, so courageous that he was watching the radar almost every second he said of the trip in Air Force 1.
When he saw the British Airways guy, he almost made them turn around and go back.
But it was very courageous from our AWOL president.
Why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening?
Or it was a sorry ass photo op, nothing more, which I think is probably the definitive answer.
A woman rams car at a gas pump after clerk won't sell her alcohol.
Dady police are searching for a woman who rammed her car to a gas pump early this morning, causing the pump to explode and catch fire after intended to refuse to sell her alcohol.
Shortly after five o'clock this morning, police say a woman appeared to be inebriated, walked into the sit-co gas station.
I wonder how Brian Murray would say that.
The sit-co gas station at 3301 North University Drive and tried to purchase wine and beer.
The clerk refused to sell the host of the woman described as a five foot five blonde weighing about 120 pounds, citing city and county ordinances that prohibit the sale of beer or wine before 6 in the AM.
She became irate and started screaming at the clerk but he held his ground.
Dady police lieutenant Bill Bamford said the woman then wqa m.
Hello. Yes.
Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Oh, you picking up the cold.
Wow, I just saw the line ringing out of the corner of my eye. I thought I might be pretty important.
I think you should combine the first one and the last one kind of the same as the crossover.
You know, something more in a sorry as far as the limit is motivated.
It's slightly different, new ones but they're close.
Yeah, that way you might get a true or a gauge on the, by the way, that's my, I'm officially chiming in as the first vote.
Which one?
You know, politically motivated nothing more than a sorry as photo op.
That's the same thing and it was just embarrassing and I'm just, I can't do it.
I'm really into the real bad. I'm the most embarrassed by the so called the Democrats and liberal pundits who are afraid to just call it for what it really was.
Why? Why? Why is everybody so? Why is everybody afraid?
What's going on? What am I going to do there?
We're in all the Michael Moore's out there. We're in the world.
I don't get it. They're all like, they all have to be very, you know, on there like walking on aveshells, you know.
I mean, where's Howard Beale when you need him, you know?
Exactly. Okay. Have a great day, Pally.
Hi, Neil. And actually a real caller right off the bat. See, I knew it. I saw it all the corner of my eye.
We're going to have to reset Daesh's computer because he can't answer the phone. It's just so you know.
Oh, well, we don't need to answer the phone.
Okay.
Anyway, this woman became my rate and started screaming at the clerk, but he held his ground.
The woman then jumped into her dark colored car, squeal out of the parking lot before leaving the area.
She slammed on her brakes, raised backward in her vehicle, striking a gas pump which exploded and erupted into flames.
She left behind the back bumper of her vehicle in the parking lot.
The clerk told Poole East, the woman often comes in the store and lives nearby.
They have a video of the woman from a camera installed in a gas station.
Detectives are searching, released. They were, they probably got her ass already.
Searching nearby apartment complexes, looking for the vehicle were expected to make an arrest today, pronto.
Because she left first of all the bumper from the car and secondly, they got her on tape and thirdly, she's there all the time.
And she had a little problem. Okay. Now probably was just an accident, don't you think?
Oh yeah, I'm sure. Well, it happens all the time in Florida.
We're guys, the old parts, they think that they're hitting the brake and actually hitting the accelerator. Oops.
Oops, there we go. Now we have that Barry Jackass story that we all missed yesterday, but it's a good thing because nobody was listed yesterday anyway,
because it was the day after Thanksgiving weekend. And we're just now starting to put the pieces of our lives back together again.
So we got a very, very important Mohawar David Barry Jackass story from yesterday's Miami Herald and then a bunch of other crap as well.
And that first pull, which will be up momentarily by the way, I just took a look over there and I thought for sure it'd be up there already, but it was my bad.
Why is that because I haven't fastened until like two minutes ago.
You didn't fasten the Eric yet, I fasten to you like at 738 this morning. Yeah, I know.
Smuck, 12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQM. Imagine, imagine Todd Wreck bleeding to death in your living room.
Imagine zero closing costs, imagine zero applications fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points. Imagine Todd Wreck skewered on long end of a sharp stick.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need, the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group. Now with an amazingly low, unbeatable interest rate of just 1.95%.
That means if you have a $200,000 loan with this deal, you pay only $738 a month.
And listen to this, once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group, you will never ever pay closing costs again. Call 1-800-940-Lend and find out all about it.
Grab real financing power for yourself with the low rate mortgage you can move to your next property without any further cost or expense.
The only one mortgage from financial groups what we're talking about, for details call 1-800-940-Lend and find out about a whole new way to buy.
Zero underwriting fee, zero dock fee, zero prepayment, penalty, zero closing costs even when you move to another property.
Get yourself financing it's just 1.95%. Call 1-800-940-Lend and never ever pay closing costs again.
That's 1-800-940-LED for the financial group. The Renegal Housing Lender, Rescriptions Apply, rates are subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
My My and Love, this is 4.2560, and we can weigh in.
The blockbuster hit pirates of the Caribbean, followed by haunted mansion, and now, Disney Studios presents another exciting film based on an old part ride.
It's Michael Jackson's Happy E-O!
Happy E-O! I think we're under attack!
Don't bother me now, I'm signing my pink suit, James.
Oh, Gavin E-O, they're handling us.
Okay, here I come. Oh, and I'll be right there.
We have a warrant, Mr. Jackson. Give yourself up.
Oh, the skate bar is ready. I got it, you hope. The skate bar is ready.
I'm so, oh, oh, the handling frequency. I'm sorry, officers. I can't surrender now.
Oh, oh, oh, and why not? I'm standing here, making my pain and stuff.
Michael Jackson stars in Captain E-O by a ticket at 4.0.
Because he's rich, so he must be better than us.
10.19 at 5.60, we got the new national inquiry I got sent right here a little bit later on.
All the latest on a little bit more spicy stuff in there.
Jackson victim speaks where claims Jacko took new photos of him and showed him X-rated videos.
Oh, my God.
How do you like that?
I like that.
There's more than meets the eye of this Michael Jackson story, but nevertheless.
More than I can.
And again, the media just never failed to astonish me. For example, the fact that they found this tape where the mother, and she says,
oh, he was nothing but wonderful to them and the family and the kid.
There was never anything inappropriate. What kind of a person has a parent make a tape like that?
Unless they have reason to fear that they shoe is about to drop.
See what I'm saying?
Why would you ever have anybody make a tape like that?
Daniel, could you make a tape that says the...
Daniel, it was...
He always nice and, you know, I can't lie that way.
Anyway, there's just a crawl on CNN. I saw the corner of my other eye moments ago.
UN study says the flow of money, arms and support for Al Qaeda is growing rapidly.
Now, isn't this exactly what Sami Yamamas said predicted was going to happen?
Right.
If we invaded Iraq?
Remember that poster we had a comical line?
Right. I want you to invade Iraq.
Exactly.
And Bush said, okay.
Sure. We got that big hose. I'll set the Chevron people to hook up to the gas to the oil.
And who was supposed to be fighting the evil diversion instead?
We're wasting 100 billion dollars in all of these lives against a bunch of people
who their biggest crime was living under a brutal dictator that the CIA stuck in in the first place.
God, that was the biggest crime of all these people that are dying.
And then that bank heist that took place over the weekend.
Well, all of those people supposedly were insurgents, Iraqi insurgents,
come to fight out a bunch of more just sluppers who happen to be in a wrong place at the wrong time, as usual.
At least the aid of them.
And maybe you're a lot more.
They had a lot of fun.
Oh, speaking of more.
Well, let's see how that pool is starting.
Now we got a small spattering of hope. Just went on there.
See, that's bad. We got to get those on there right away.
My bad.
Don't be doing that no more.
Alex who's just obsessed.
Well, we got so many people obsessed with this program.
I mean, just obsessed. You know what I mean?
Uh-huh.
In fact, I'm listening.
See what I mean?
Oh, listen, if I just get to come, I'll believe you me.
Talking about the shoe drop.
And by the way, I wouldn't count on being around till the spring of 2006,
based on some conversations I had before to show this morning with certain powers that be.
They're planning on having a weeny roast at P.P. Park before the next off-and-home game.
Maybe at halftime.
And right at the 50-yard line, they're going to like put him on like a like a pig on a spit.
And they're going to roast Mo right there in the 50-yard line.
Wouldn't that be a beautiful thing?
In fact, you might actually show up for that game.
Yeah, I would.
I'll bring a cake.
Yeah, they can like make most sandwiches at the concession stand.
I'm listening.
Okay, calm down, you silly old fart.
Alex says, hey, Neil, I think that measlies are starting to make their final decision on the morning show
till the end of the dolphin season so they can blow Mo the hell out of there.
And then that way bring back Bill Zimper back to work with the man of dog.
Everything will be back to the go-to days.
Life with our Mo will truly be paradise.
Burn in hell Mo and take one from little Havani with you.
And then it says, we hate Mo in gigantic letters with eight million exclamation per.
Maybe not eight million, but at least three million.
Keep ripping Mo it says it's great.
And it is great in the sunshine state.
I'm listening.
Especially knowing that he's listening right now and hang on every word.
I'm listening.
Knowing that Joe Rose ripped him a major ass.
Now maybe Alex is on to something for once, you think?
Lighty.
I'm not saying to go wait till the end of football season because they can't wait that long.
But maybe the idea is that somewhere along the line here they'll pay the sorry old man off.
All the way, I don't think the beesleaves will do that.
And then have Joe and the Geldy on her six to ten.
Why would they divide it up?
Why would they do a silly thing like that?
They did it before as a way to get farrell on the air which they now regret unfortunately.
It just turned out bad all the way around.
It was a great concept, but the less you say about that the better.
And then this morning, 7.15 I come in here like I do every morning.
Drag my ass out of bed.
And before I shave, shower, smit, and do all the other things, I open up the pot.
Smoke a little.
Now I open up the pot, listen to whatever's going on just to make sure that we are in contact.
And there's Mo.
And he's going on.
The first thing I hear right out of the box, well I picked up all the foreels friends out there.
I talked to Scott yesterday and he's doing just fine.
Forellers doing fine and these are okay.
And I talk to myself, you know, for while you are your own worst enemy because you don't know who your friends are.
I'm sure he's listening right now too.
Scott, you just don't get it, do you?
Here's a guy that like danced on your grave the minute after you got canned,
went on the year and encouraged his audience for three solid hours to call.
And he begged them and pleaded and cajoled them to call in and rip you an ass.
And danced on your grave and the fact that you got your ass fired.
And in the meantime, you're talking to this son of a bitch, this miserable bastard.
Absolutely.
Oh man.
Aren't you shocked at that?
Well, how much does it take?
First we already know that some people never listen.
That's unfortunate for all of us because it was like somebody putting a pin prick in the good year blimp the whole of the well thing.
We have, remember, kept talking about that moe, mint in that we had.
Not following moe, no moe.
We had a big moment and go and I could feel it.
You could smell it.
And then all of a sudden it was like like that, like somebody stuck it with a pin.
It just felt like a prick.
And speaking of pricks, Barry Jackass writes in yesterday's Miami-Herald column in his rambling column.
In response to a recent column about WQAM struggle.
And by the way, Joe Rose is in with Greg Rie right now.
They're hammering out the deal.
Okay, so have no fear because he wouldn't be in there talking about money if NBC 6 and any pro.
Why would they have any problem with them doing it?
It's just a higher visibility for their sports guy.
Right.
For his promotion.
Of course.
They're not going to have any problem with that.
So don't you a folks worry about that.
And I really got all whipped up when Joe started ripping Moe at the end of the show.
I think that I really believe that could be a regular feature.
Right.
We don't have to cross over.
He's good at them.
So because he hates Moe with a passion.
It's just see it's one thing when people dislike somebody who works in a workplace.
Everybody dislikes that person.
This is way beyond dislike.
This is a hatred so deep.
It's like a purple rage.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hmm.
Like you can see the veins in their neck.
The veins in their forehead start like trying to pop out, you know.
Just at the mention of the other person's name.
So it probably will please you no end Moe to know that Joe hates you even more than I do if that's possible.
And Gildi echoes that emotion.
Even though he's going to have to be in there for another few days, whatever it's going to be.
He can't wait till the last day when he, uh,
where you don't darken his life no more.
Can't stand it.
Can't take it.
Told me that right to my push right outside the tea room there that Friday.
I could get finally to the date that Friday in November.
2003.
Couldn't get the hell away from me.
He just went on and on whining like a like a child.
Don't let me forget to get to the very jackass column by the way.
Well, we got great time again, man.
We got to get these spots in here.
We got a lot of call or two coming in their screen.
Let's cause Josh can't answer the phone.
That's okay.
Don't worry about those things.
Don't worry about anything at all because life is sweet.
You know, the checks are clear in the bank.
Places going to hell on a hand basket.
Greg is doing his best to try to put the pieces back together.
He keeps smashing them and crashing them.
You heard what their clearance said this morning about mode engine.
I better not repeat it.
No better not.
61 votes on a poll so far.
What was your take on George W. Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops in Iraq?
It was a sorry ass photo op nothing more 28.
It was clearly a courageous act designed a bolster troop morale 12.
Why didn't he stay longer and see what's really going on nine?
It was strictly politics seven and it was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary five.
Proofstates swallery.
Hey, Shelley Bloom's fashion code is been around a long time longer than some of you have been alive in South Florida.
40 years from the same great location at 2650 Northwest Fifth Avenue and Miami Fashion District.
At Shelley Bloom's you'll find fine men's clothing.
We're talking about beautiful goods from suits, sport coats, slacks, dress and sports shirts, ties, and one of the largest selection of designer shoes anywhere in town.
Shelly's got Italian slacks super one twenties and 15 colors for just 60 bucks.
George you are money suits that sell from 1395 to 1595 are only 795 bucks that's about half price at Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing.
So why get ripped off of the other joints?
Shelly even offers a fantastic selection of Italian suits and suits starting at just 225 bucks a piece.
Service selection and price those are the three ingredients that Shelley's made sure he's kept to go and strong for over 40 years.
That's why he's still going a better than ever.
Selection is fantastic.
All derrations are always free.
With thousands and thousands literally of suits and stock up to size 70, you're sure you're going to find what you're looking for.
So quit overspending at those malls especially now when it's rip off time during the holidays and make the trip to Shelley Bloom's in the heart of the fashion district.
They're open Monday through Saturday 930 in the morning till 6 in the PM.
If you want to compare price, just talk turkey.
Give Shelley a call at 305-5735890.
That's 305-5735890.
Legendary and self-loaded Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing is well worth the trip from anywhere.
Finder and local, this is 560.
The rain is on your side.
You will.
Madonna.
Yeah, I know I have a great time.
Which opens, why does they say?
Yeah, they do.
Does it feel weird to make love to someone while your husband's watching?
No, absolutely not. He's my skeptical at first.
Really?
No, I just don't care.
I want to do them because I want the experience.
Yeah, always been like that.
Oh God.
Yeah.
I guess it's Madonna.
I like sex. It's like food.
You've always been a good ride.
I have.
1032 at 560.
W.C.O.
I mean, other story.
You just thanks me Louisiana School Punishers 7-year-old for talking about lesbian mother.
Mm-hmm.
Just happens to be on our website and I have it sitting here in my pile.
But thank you anyway, whoever sent it.
I mean, we do appreciate all of this stuff, like Bob Lansford used to say we appreciate it.
But the fact that it matters is if you check out the 80 million good stories that we have on our website every day,
then you'd save us a lot of time and grief and thanks paper.
Am I right?
Yes.
Right.
Also, before I do get to that very jackass story,
CNN speaking of polls has taken a poll on your website.
And the question is,
The Cincinnati Police Act appropriately in subduing a 300.
See, it's amazing.
The good news for him is he lost 50 pounds in one day.
The bad news is he's still dead.
What they tell us yesterday he was 400 pounds?
Right.
Little exaggeration.
Did Cincinnati Police Act appropriately in subduing a 350 pound man who later died?
And of course, we've all seen that video over and over.
How many times we seen it?
About 30, man.
At least 57,287 votes of whenever I printed this thing out.
57,287.
Yes, 71% note 29%.
He, they found the cocaine and PCP in his system.
Got it?
And?
What's that?
What's that?
He was out of control.
Have you watched it over and over and over again?
Of course.
Slow mo free, stream instant replay.
Have you watched it?
There.
Million times?
I'm not all right.
Plus he was black and fat, had a record, had a rat sheet as long as the beast penis.
What the hell, more could you want?
Was it a hit record?
Anyway, here's a very jackass story.
Look at that.
There is speaking of our poll.
But that it was between the British Airways pilot and the controlled tower.
But regardless British Airways says that they have still not heard anything from any of their pilots that they saw
Yes, you'd a pilot sir keeping quite you want to know why cuz they all valued their lives
Why they just don't want to be interrogated and you know raked over the coals and then maybe like son off to see the queen and never show up again
You know how those things go
Look at away that poll is turning out. This is shocking to me
What was your take on GW Bush's surprise? Thanks giving visit to troops in Iraq. It was a sorry as photo op nothing more
55 that's 50% but it was clearly courageous designed a bolster troop morale 25 that's 23%
Are you believe in this audience 23% of our mind and that crap? No, it was strictly politics 14
Why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening in Iraq 10 and was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary five out of
109 votes 23% so far say it was clearly courageous designed a bolster troop morale. I'll question about it
Courageous that's why it was like kept top secret even from most of them from did you know that the Bush one and the
Martha Washington whatever held her name is bads. They didn't even know about it
No, I didn't know that they didn't even know about it and Laura only thought out about like a couple days ahead of time
She said oh maybe he won't come back or something like that
How do you like that really courageous?
Which is why like I said he kept checking a radar anywhere. We'll get to that later
Here's very jackass is columninoid took me 35 minutes to get to it nice going Neil
Thank you. Well, I'm so whipped up because the Joe Rose is great comments here at the end of his show
Yeah, haha could have knocked me over with the feather you go Joe you go Joe
You're the man you demand see he's pulling the gloves off. He's gonna be I'm listening
Rip and moan asked every day for which is another reason the most reading nervous and crawling people like very jackass
In response to a recent column about WQAms struggle to find a viable long-term morning show
Dolphins radio announcer Howard David called mean called very jackass to defend his record and insist he will continue doing a
Talk show at least through the end of his contract in the spring of 2006
Absolutely
David points out that in the most recent ratings book he and Steve Geldey Goldstein generated a five point
Oh, share between six and eight a.m. among the key mailed 25 to 54 demographic group topping the 3.6 to do was generated a year earlier in that slot
In that slot, welcome
While fired 8 to 10 a.m. Host Scott for all deserves a lot of credit especially an attracting younger audience
What we did between 6 and 8 with detractors in our own radio station is something I'm proud of said David who called a syndicated Minnesota
St. Louis game Sunday on WQM and made many mistakes
WQM is hopeful convincing Joe Rose to handle the 8 to 10 a.m. slot with Goldstein says
Barry jackass. How do you like that?
Yeah, huh he tractors in the radio station
Like mom sure he means us but generally like everybody because he's used to taking it up the body from everybody in the building
You know on sand I like take a lot
Hey, Geldey just bug off for you
God, hey, that's a good looking guy. Okay, Kanda
Joe Rose and Geldey where they had they too happened to be buddies to begin with in fact
It was Joe that brought squeaky geldey into the worst team in the in the first place which created at the time a lot of
Well, I don't want to say a lot but a certain degree of conflict because it was always when there's three people involved in a project like that
Like three three people involved in partnership in a business
It's always two to one. I mean unless it's unanimous. It's always gonna be two against one
And in that case it was always Joe and Geldey against D.Fo poor D.Fo on the outside no wonder he went to the Indians and you know
Big for forgiveness or whatever the hell I was you see what I'm saying mm-hmm
So there's the it's not long. It's just a short piece in there
But there's some real interesting meat in the story there by Barry Jackass who was much of a lemming and a wheezyl in a simple
Then as he is and a little a mama's boy the fact that a matter is that he gets the inside poop because first of all
Mohawar David had called him which is embarrassing and secondly the thing about the Joe and Geldey
He knows because I'm sure that Greg told him that right right because he gets it right from the horses ass right from Greg
Right from our general mangler the Humpty Dumpty man
Who's sitting in there with Joe was right now rose right now talking turkey you can take that to the bank folks
They're sitting in their hammering it out their hammering it right now hammer turkey their hammering the old bird
But WQM is hopeful convincing Joe rose to handily eight to ten am slot with Goldstein the Joe and Geldey show the first team junior
Right right the first team junior
Oh
So there's the latest scuttle but from inside the never ending soap opera and that is
WQAM where we can never get all our toes on the ground and let me say it again for all you're a good guy
And it had a good time working with you was a blast even though you like a got a death wish
But the fact that a matter is when and we find out you're talking to Moe on the phone if I heard most voice on the phone
He didn't you know we hear right away. I give up. There you go sounds like a down code of me with a vehicle in it
You're being a detractor. Yeah another deal. What is that line he used again?
What we did between six and eight with detractors no one radio station is something I'm proud of
This is the same guy who very shortly after he started his morning abortion on his station
Erged his audience not to listen to the show that followed him and he's talking about detractors on the station
How are you kidding you back stabbing phony old kite?
How are you kidding man besides? I thought they had detractors on the farm. Yeah, right
The detractors are out in the yard trying to clear it away for your bag to scrape through there God
What a piece of third
10 39 21 to 11 at 5 60. Let's take a look at this number from up me gill our
Best-up campaign as of December 2nd as of today
42,905 bucks where the 220 come from
Weekend cash that he had encountered great
So we're almost to 43 grand and we'll make that 50 because we got the home of the December to go in its holidays
And if you want your best in the old CD for your kids and your uncle and your cousin and your mama and whoever else
Now's the time to get it you can go online and do that and also be having a van hit at some random places as there
They come to which I'm pleased to see that finally and meaning a place that we can choose that somebody might actually show up as
As opposed to Ed's shoe shine shop on a corner of a or maybe shoe Steve shoe shine stand on a corner
Biscayne in the 79th Street, you know
Our audience probably in hanging out too much or something maybe to pick up a hooker where I ran out then
I'm probably not during this show
So we got nearly 43 grand 4 2 9 0 5 or a band and pay rescue wait till we get to that normal Kent story
He ought to be putting the big check in there. I'll guarantee you that and
He's certainly I can be charging me for his services no more after after emailing me frantically
This morning to make sure I see that story from the Miami Herald about how he sold the bag newspaper
I mean the express newspaper and he's gone from a hospital to the millionaire in just four years normal
And I'm sure that his show is going to be highly syndicated and popular all over the world
I just got all the time to do it 1041 at 560 WQM if you're looking for a really fun original gift for somebody's birthday
anniversary or for the holidays like now
Make somebody's day by sending a Vermont teddy bear just call 1 8800 829 bear and a friendly bear
Council will help you choose from over a hundred handcrafted bears delivered with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box
You can shop online too at Vermont teddy bear.com
It's more personal and fun than flowers. It'll be enjoyed forever
You won't believe the reaction you'll get choose from bears like the birthday suit bear the Thanksgiving turkey bear
It's a little late for that one or the baby's first Christmas bear that sounds good for right now
They've got bears for every occasion all of the bears are handmade and Vermont and guaranteed for life the qualities unbelievable
And like I always tell you the last forever a lifetime is opposed to flowers
Which are dead in a matter of hours overnight and Saturday delivery or guaranteed so call Vermont teddy bear for the holidays
1 800 829 bear or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com
1 800 829 B.E.A.R. and tell them that old yid
Neal told you to call the Vermont teddy bear
On the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
And now from time squares studios
Barbara Waldo's
Good evening and welcome to 2020. I've interviewed Christopher Reed many times since the accident that paralyzed him eight years ago
But I wasn't prepared for the amazing achievement. I witnessed this time. I have never talked to you without
I've never done this in Vaughan. This is the first time
Something remarkable
My goodness isn't this interesting. This is the first time I've ever done this
A very important and that's our program for tonight. I thank you for joining us. I'm Robert Waldo's. I'll see you next week
If you realize how it looked. This is the first time
1046 at 560 W to QIM. I bet you got an eyeful. Anyway, a paid 60-yard post says big night for W and detestors
This a misplugged puts it on her own website, which is kind of amusing because it takes a little shot at her
She's probably fudge-packing right now curb your enthusiasm star David Larry
Larry David's wife Lori created an enviable buzz for a nice political powwow liberal Hollywood activist after she dubbed it the hate busher vent
To which we said all right
While the strategy session at the Beverly Hilton actually has the considerably less inflammatory title a mandatory meeting to change the leadership in America in 2004
Lori an avid environmentalist called a caused a stir when she forwarded invites with the email heading
Hate Bogey December 2nd event
Internet gossip miss Mack Fudge gleefully seized upon a hate-boge story yesterday
noting that the meeting will be chaired by Harold ickys bill Clintons former white house deputy chief of staff and Clinton
Gore campaign manager and Ellen Malcolm founder of Emily's list a group dedicated to reluctant pro-choice democratic women
former AFL-CIO political director Steve Rosen-Towell also chair according to an invited pain by paid six
But area manual founding partner of the powerful and debert talent agency brother of Clinton white house staff
Arama manual and agent Hillary david and westwing creator Aaron Sorkin bristle that the hate push all of blue people are
Assembly over a political issue the 2004 election manual told us I didn't know that free assembly was a bad thing
The invite didn't say hate push and I don't think the drudge story was productive
Manual to kind of say who will support but assure us it won't be pushed to which we say all right and not wouldn't either will we
Many many times
I just mentioned that in passing. What do we got percentage wise 21 and a half percent say it was a courageous thing
And then enough to make you want to puke yeah means there's 21 and a half percent of this audience that got sucked in or that
Dumber they're just a bunch of suckle fans or we're being freaked
Nah
We got a hundred to 181 votes. What was your take on George W Bush's surprise thanks giving visit to the troops in Iraq
It was a sorry-ass photo opportunity nothing more 93
51.3 percent it was clearly courageous designed to boost to bolster troop morale 39
21.5 percent and by the way
That's the wrong answer
It was strictly politics 21 why didn't he stay longer and see what is really happening 21
It was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary seven out of 181 vote now
now
Well, I was gonna read the normer Kent story because yeah, I'm sure he's listening to out there right now
Another self-aggrandizing silly person. I am listening WQ I am
Neil yes sir
How you doing?
I don't know if you've heard a yes-a but uh
General Park was in town yesterday. Have a little meeting over the end of this week
Sir, I'm gonna talk about that a little later on he said did you know that his father was Jewish?
I know that after that he attended an eight seminar and a synagogue that had over 600 people at attend it right and
And he did a very well job now. I
I haven't been a big fan of his but I figured I'd go and hear what he had to say and and he
He did a really good job
I think he's the one that might be able to beat push he never stole a freight train. I'll tell you that
No, and he might be able to get some of the right wingers to help the little to the left
But if I was him I wouldn't be uh well person Delray Beach. It's okay
But I wouldn't be announcing to the whole world too much
Especially in the deep south that his father was Jewish and about his Jewish roots. I'd be kind of keeping that quiet, you know
Uh
He's still a
Good-looking white guy
There you go. Good-looking white guy nothing wrong with that. Have a great taser. Good-looking white guy
Oh
What's wrong with the good-looking white guy? That's what I've always said
Over to the world. Well, I'll put that ahead of the Norma can't-story Clark Stumps for Jewish votes
Which explains I guess why he's been hanging out at the deli den in the rascal house
You know, he's got a little Jew in him
Delray Beach Connecticut Senator Joe Jew Lieberman may have been in the sentimental favorite in south-thode after
a few thousand butterfly ballots
prevented him from becoming vice president in 2000
But he why I think it would be appropriate if he were the vice president
Or are
But he wasn't the presidential candidate during a standing rowdy crowd in a synagogue in Delray Beach yesterday
Retired army general Wesley Clark stepped into Jew Lieberman country drunk hundreds here
I'm talking about his Jewish roots and his support for Israel
The general who's come under fire from Lieberman and his other democratic rivals for shifting stances on the Iraq war and his
Pass support for more public wounds left little doubt about his goal when a woman stood up to ask how he can rid the field of these spoilers
Who stand between him and the nomination?
I think she's talking about Senator Lieberman Clark boomed into the microphone at Temple MF
MF it was you think it was the MF
Maybe he's got a speech defect later speaking to reporters Clark called his comment a joke
But it underscored the developing rivalry between the two contenders who both decided to skip the January 19th Iowa caucuses
Now watch it listen to this they plan to focus on winning other primaries in later weeks in more moderate states like South Carolina
Oklahoma and Arizona
Now the idea that you Lieberman is gonna win
Votes in South Carolina Oklahoma and Arizona is so
Yeah, Wesley Tarkyo. No question about it more moderate states like South Carolina more moderate states right like South Carolina
Oklahoma
and
The hotbed of Irby Wright wing financial organization that's been kicked out of California, Arizona
More moderate states, which I think tells you a lot about the fascist USA right there
If those in a moderate states, I'd hate to see which ones that a extreme right wing ones
Clark and Lieberman along with North Carolina Senator John Edwards, Massachusetts Senator John Kerry and Missouri representative
Gebhardt are vying to survive the primaries long enough to challenge former Vermont governor Howard Dean who leads in polls and federal raising and did nice
I didn't see the whole thing on last night on
What is that stupid show hardballs with Chris Matthews?
And why do they always have to start with a gay marriage thing?
You know, it always have to go to a big song to dance and it has to ask the same question 50 million times
And Howard Dean says what differences to make when you call it whether it's civil union or marriage
It means exactly what Wesley Clark said last week full and equal rights for everybody period whatever to have you call it
And I think that those people are insisting on you know back in anybody in a corner about the you know what you call it a marriage
Well, what's how difference does it make what you call it call it Fred
Most marriages in America are fraud anyway, so who now cares
Anyway
The Florida primary said for March 9 while the nominees expected to be decided with a flurry of big-state primaries on March 2
Strategies for some campaigns believe the Florida vote could prove a decisive vote if a legitimate challenger to Dean emerges and the nomination remains in doubt
All nine Democrats trying to attend the state's Democratic Party Convention this weekend in anxious Orlando
Most of the candidates have devoted time to raising money at private events in Florida
Among them is Clark who collected about a hundred grand at the private Miami fundraiser Monday night
But he also made it repeated public appearances. He is right now. Here's the part I like
He's rallied crowds in Jewish delis and Hollywood and Sonny Isles
A.K.A. the deli-den and the rascal house
Oi and money just to show that he's one of them. He actually stuffed a few bagels into a sack. He brought a lot
Yeah, he stuffed some sweet and low in a couple of bagels and a couple of dill pickles into a sack that is
He's brought him the ziplock bag right
Monday he once again would a constituency that most experts earlier believed belonged to Lieberman orthodox Jew who struggled in the polls
The crowd applauded Clark Monday. Has he tried to present a bush for his handling a post-war rack?
Clark promised a new more internationalized approach to foreign policy
He spoke of learning laden life that his father who died when Clark was three was Jewish and a native of Minsk
Belarus you don't where my grandmother was from Minsk Minsk
Oh, you're like that Anna Solomon. They could have been kin my man Wesley Clark my man
He spoke of his first visit to Israel in 1976 and of evening. He shared with Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabina
I wonder if he said Yitzhak
What I would have that would have done good you know got him a lot of extra votes
Mm-hmm
Plus he'd have been given out free brisket and potato lockies couldn't hurt
I was overjoyed and thrilled and happy Clark said of learning of his ties to Judaism
I'm so proud of my Jewish family and my Jewish heritage. I just want he started sound like barber sterling now
I just love Israel the Jewish people the Jewish people I love Israel. Ain't I remember her no that bitch that slut now?
I just wanted to share it with you. He said to the all Jewish crowd
Now wait until he goes to one of those southern baptist churches and he tells him that he was his father was black
I mean he died when he was three. He's busy. He's been spending a lot of time checking out his family roots
Okay, maybe he'll find out his his and then yeah, and he comes to South Florida to date county and everybody finds out his father was
Cuban. Hey, it can be done his father was a philasha who integrated the Cuba father or Goulache's in Minsk
Well, the opera general support for a piece in the Middle East talk has been criticized for a vagueness on issues was less direct on the issue
He called the Bush administration's approach to the Middle East half-hearted city supports Israel's right to establish security through preemptive strikes
Uh-oh, but as for the fence being constructed by Israel and the West Bank Clark caution
You've got to be very mindful of the Palestinians rights
You don't want to construct a fence that's going to be prejudicial for the ultimate ability to resolve the problems to negotiations
Yadi Yadi
Local Democratic leader said yesterday the turnout for Clark illustrates potential weaknesses for Lieberman's campaign
All right, and what was once considered a stronghold
This demonstrates there's an opening for someone else to galvanize supports in state Democratic Senate the Democratic leader Ron Klein
A Palm Beach County Democrat who went with Clark on Monday
Palm Beach County Commissioner Bert Erinzen and Lieberman supporter
Conceded that the Clark turnout was impressive though. We said Lieberman could match it
Let's put it this way Erinzen said I don't know if Senator Lieberman's campaign's been disappointing or the other ones have just been
Better wow. That's an interesting way of looking at it right sure
Yeah
In other words if a restaurant goes out of business, it's like saying I don't know if their food was really crappy or maybe the other restaurants were just
Better
Say
Yeah, that's a good way of looking at it
I don't know if our radio station was garbage or if the other ones were just better
That's what the David Ross is always saying to PD Bulger
I don't know if the uh
Clear channel stations suck or if the other ones just happen to be better they suck less they suck less
That's gonna be our new motto with QA we suck less except mid days where he sucks a lot
1056 I'm so excited about Joe Rose's performance give him a big raise. Okay. Give him whatever he wants Greg
I'm listening. Yeah, he sliced Moapa on ass
This morning about that very jackass conversation
You think that an old fart like him up there in Boka between a majong and a golfer
That's some more productive to do than sitting around calling the very jackass trying to defend himself
Oh, man. Yeah
See if he didn't have it in through early complex another show sucks in his boring itself
He would have to be called very jackass. Well, we had a five point. Oh, and it's fun to the attractors on the station
I'm very proud of that. Yeah, you're proud
Yamama
How tell you what we're proud of and that's Katrina. She's lost nine pounds in balance for life
And I guarantee you'll be on the shadow for doubt by the end of this week
She'll be well into double digits should be on her way of being slim and beautiful
Because she is really a sweetheart. We like her a lot
And you'll like yourself a lot more when you look in the mirror and you realize that the weight is pouring off your body
Thanks to balance for life the reason that she's doing so well is because it's easy
You don't have to count carbohydrates. You don't have to count calories
You don't have to do anything other than reach outside you during reach for the sack
Lot of you people out there have a lot of experience reaching for the sack
There's a chance to make something productive out of it reach for your black sack
Because inside your black sack that it'll live right to your door by six a.m. Every day
There's all the food you need to keep you full happy and satisfied all day long three gourmet meals two delicious snacks
We're talking about fine outstanding fresh delicious food not prefabricated crap like the other ones give you and balance for life
Is the only company that lets you pick between two choices for each meal every day that's around a program
You fill out a menu once a week and that's it. It's a piece of cake without the cake
So let balance for life finally help you lose that weight if you're out of shape
If you're a big tub if you're lethargic diabetic
Here's the chance to really turn your life around the easy way called balance for life two days
Especially during the holidays is a good time to start because otherwise you're going to be packing on the pounds
Call 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 9 5 4 5 6 8 30 2 29 or get more info about their outstanding program on our website balance for life.com
This is sports radio crisis
You way up
If Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers
I'm the happiest son of a bitch in the world
One mentions my name I'm ecstatic that they have forgotten and laid
I'm the happiest son of a bitch in the world
After and once you're left I went out of the lamp but I don't have to run anymore
I'm just about to fight out of my fancy wall of my fellow
Blinking not see home
I'm the slap
The
After pissing away all those 401k who says grind doesn't
As your people never resaid
Can you lay with just like you say
I'm the happiest son of a bitch
In the world
Take off those checkered pants. I'm no three at five sixty. He's everywhere. You know it
Oh, yeah, he just gets under your skin so to speak the molemyster man. I'm trying his big day is coming. Oh soon
Very jackass rodda think about him yesterday in the herald and case you missed it. Oh, I did read it
hahaha
That's right. I'm a detractor and George is detractor and Josh don't know but he's a detractor
Joshua the Combine
And then you got to dr. Rose is a big detractor and Amanda was also a closet detractor because he got to work with him on the games
but he hates it and he got guilty who's not he's out of the closet detractor now and
A humber who's a very very much out of the closet detractor
Who else who might we even out?
Anybody else that we anybody else we haven't mentioned yet?
I'll go get the QAM extension list and you can get that.
Here's the roster even the janitors in the tractor.
Absolutely.
In the building and it's quite a bet we got a 5.0 and I'm very proud of that.
And it's one in little Savannah and he got a bunch of diaries and yeah, yeah right.
Whatever the hell it was.
God.
And see one of the big differences between the fact that this show is entertaining
and we have a gigantic audience and that one is the fact that we don't discourage you from listening.
We encourage you to listen to the more Howard David had show while it's still on.
Right.
Right.
Right because we want the entire station to do well even if only for the fact that we like to get our bonus money see.
Because that you really don't have a choice.
You have to be a team player.
You can't be a detractor because you know because it's like shooting yourself in a foot.
We want that bonus money in addition to which we encourage you to listen to more because then you'll find out
that you won a little Havana and start a ring Steve and all the other chronic colors you'll find out what is we're talking about all the time.
And you'll say holy crap he's got a good point and so does Joe Rose.
He's got a good point on top of that gigantic head.
Here's our first poll today.
What was your take on George W. Bush's surprise Thanksgiving visit to the troops in Iraq?
255 votes.
It was a sorry ass photo up nothing more 128.
It was clearly courageous design of bolster troop morale just changed again 50 131 on the first one 50% out of 262.
It was clearly courageous design of bolster troop morale 55 20.9%.
That number is dwindling.
It's dwindling.
It was strictly politics 36.
Why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening in Iraq has got.
And it was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary 10 out of 262.
I think we ought to take a collar too because I got a pile of stuff here man.
Now we got that second poll later on we got a heavy duck it today.
What?
WQAM?
Yeah sir.
Who is this?
Who you calling?
Nells.
Speaking.
Nells.
Yeah.
How you doing buddy?
Okay.
Listen.
That's bad news for you.
Yeah.
That's bad news for you.
I like it.
Okay.
Washington.
What is it?
You're Washington?
Yeah.
I want parole back.
Go on back.
Yeah.
Go on back.
Yeah.
Put it back on here.
Yeah.
Put it back.
Yeah.
Put it back.
Yeah.
Put it back on here.
No.
5670560.
Well, at least they're getting some new material now.
Good.
Yeah.
I guess you get to the new year.
I like how he didn't put the fake boys on until he knew he was on the air.
Right.
And speaking of the retired guy, I guess what we got coming up in the second poll in the last
half of the show today.
Let's hear it.
Oh.
All right.
A list of people who you think ought to be terror like right away.
Which one of these people might want to tip the thing?
I don't want to tip it.
I don't want to be like a tippy headroom for the birds.
Oh, look at what's ringing now.
You don't think it's really working, do you?
I don't know.
Give a shot.
Line one, WQAM.
Tip 8.
No, Neil.
Read more of that book.
Read more of what book?
The Al Franken.
Get out of town.
Is this the same guy?
This is the same guy.
No, it's not.
It's the different guy.
No, you're probably that guy's boyfriend.
Let me ask you a question.
Did you see the beating of this big black guy in Cincinnati that died?
No, I didn't.
You haven't seen that on the news.
They've shown it 50 million times.
No.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
You're going to run like hell.
You're going to run like hell.
The beast isn't that big and he looks dangerous.
Yeah.
He looks dangerous at the buffet.
Now, who the hell could that be online?
Who's that?
Who's this?
Who's this?
That David C.N.B.C.
Are you my friend?
Oh.
You know something that old expression
about knocking somebody over with a feather.
How are you, pal?
You could knock me over with a feather.
Now, the market finally went up and that people
are making a few cents back of all the millions
that they lost now here's to david calling in who's also jewish
what a sensational buying opportunity where you're ten thousand
uh...
yeah but i see the dollars down thirty three in an aspect of one point seventy five
you know bob pi-zani your good pi-zani bob pi-zani's on the going but it
but it will put about all that other crap
but you know the old age of a good dollar is very good for the multinational
i got news for a week or dollars sucks because i'm here in canada man and
killing me the Canadian dollars of almost eighty almost up to eighty cents of
when i go back to angst of them the ural is over a dollar twenty a dollar twenty
holy crap you show american money in europe now they just laugh at you and
throw it on the ground i know two thousand ago sixty two cents of the
canada was a great deal that's right i come down to
your killing me man with your week american dollar your killing me ten
i'll just say that they come down to part of the world one thing that's
constant i can put on wq a m in there you are
i'm not going to put on is the word i can't i cannot believe after all the
horrible things they were all true by the way i've said about you and your
core your colleagues including that ugly Maria bartero moe i can't believe
you're still calling listening it's amazing it goes to show you we got a real
groupie at cmbc well there's no other radio to listen to down here except
whatever station i appear on doing my cmbc businessmen at every day
what's the same
a m station's up to the fourteen hundred or whatever
that's what he doesn't even know the call that is that's a person
signal about two and a half the noon that's humiliating
uh... the i honest your closes up the
i don't want to say that the people at cmbc are caving into the right wing
but i will say this
that would have market going up the last few days here they they have the
heading you got that one ball hit a smoker on and said about some other
guy that comes on here
and the heading says it's the economy it should say
it's the economy stupid because really what you people are trying to say
say the economy's making a nice comeback
uh... support el bush march to that's what they're really trying to say to
create the is
g is doing the same thing like by a common all the others
they're crap in their pants the cow to the right way you know that
well you can say it but i got to tell you and if i told you this before
not everybody i have routinely asked all my guess
you know the president face to issue the head of the selection the economy and
the rock war everywhere expected
that the war would not be the issue in the economy would be
well what happened it's not the economy
it's the war
so what about that how come
why don't you ask your producers there at cnbc at the gambling channel
asked them how come you keep putting up this uh... thing at the bottom of my
screen it's as it's the economy
put up it's the war stupid or something like that
really good
i don't think that kind of on the purpose of that is to uh... indicate what the
the
failure point around the election is that right
it's basically just what we're talking about any given moments obvious to me
you made some bad investments because from the sounds of this you still need
the job
and i've said this on the
is the man by the way folks who don't know that they've been from cnbc
who probably in the courageously called
uh... wall street intellectualized lost biggest on the show a couple years ago
i am all in cash and i i've indicated that on the air i own
individual stock
i own no g e
uh... have a couple of drug stocks we have to disclose that on the air and i
make no
this rush no they have drugs
uh...
let's say a rush was very nice to meet one point when he thought that i was
lighted so i won't say anything about him
but you know that you were jewish
uh... but i don't know
wait till next time you see me won't be so nice
but anyway listen i don't have to live here
great to talk to you i love your poll by the way interesting poll you got
going to get you stuff on my poll man
he listened to have a great holiday and it's good here from here
take care
and some are going to get rid of the bags
yet she's got i don't want to say it
i don't get him in hot water would for more you back to rollo because a lot of
guys out there a lot of horny eighty year old things he's a sex pot with those
heavy bags under her eyes the one she got a public
horny eighty year old with cataracts
i'd like my things she's a hot number
eleven fourteen and five sixty wq m. hey listen if you guys would like to be a
hot number but you got an ugly bald spot like somebody we know absolutely
you don't want to put a grotesque must-read some other farm barnyard animal on
your head here's the answer chuck alfie area put about him for years and years
and we keep telling you because of the fact that
uh... for no amount of money in the world can you get a better looking at a
hair
the natural hairline system is as natural as it gets what it really means is
it looks like real hair that's the choice you have to make you want some
piece of crap on your head it looks like it like Dennis Cassinich or sand
Donaldson or you want a real real head of hair
you're looking better than you ever dreamed again you have nothing to lose but
your shiny ugly bald spot that makes you look so much older
because everybody gets trawled his thirty day guarantee how many days
if after thirty days you love away looks and feels and smells if you're not
getting more action than you ever dreamed in your life trawled give you a
full refund no questions asked
and be sure to mention the arises when you call because it'll get you next to
two hundred bucks off the already reasonable price of trawled his natural
hairline system so don't get suckered in by the other guys get yourself a great
looking at a hair with Charles alfie area column tool free when it out
check this out call one eight hundred three to one twenty four thirteen one eight
hundred three to one twenty four thirteen
along onto his world famous website Charles alfie area dot com
why I look up your sports radio five sixty two eight
you a m
fifty dot during this current economic downturns there's only one place investors
like you turn for this more financial news
cnbc
cnbc price itself on having top notch reporters pacing nervously on the
floor of the New York Stock Exchange
another panic filled a on wall street today as gainers and losers were far
outpaced by jumpers and wrist latchers
cnbc within cypher forecasters who know just what happened to all the money
that you've still be in your 401k
now it's time to take a look at mutual buzz
oh man that's enough of that only one cable channel gives you an informed
head start on your financial future cnbc
the latest figures indicate it's time to pull your money out of stocks and
bonds and start looking into coffee cans and shovel cnbc
when you used to have money we used to have
eleven nineteen at five sixty wc mc it's pretty obvious that that's why they're
always peddling you know all here's it like tenses is a great buying opportunity
always peddling and they're always like blue sky
because if people get out of the market and they're not interested nobody's
gonna watch the mc right
yeah so it's pretty obvious sure
that's why they're cheerleading on a sideline
which uh... the short sellers are too happy about that but that's too bad they
don't care about them
uh... what was your take on George wbushes surprise thanks giving visit to
the troops in Iraq were asking the annual rangers dot com
three hundred and twenty one votes in just over now that's pretty heavy duty
you know what makes me think that you may be right we're getting a free
you think
maybe a little bit
anyway well i don't know three hundred and uh... like i said just change
again three three twenty five it was a sorry as photo up nothing more
hundred and sixty forty nine point two percent
it was clearly courageous design a bolster troop morale seventy two twenty two
point one percent say that
which is enough to make me fall off the chair even more than ten david calling
on a bat line
it was strictly politics forty four
why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening thirty six it was
a brilliant way to upstage hillary thirteen out of three hundred twenty five
before i get to the normal can't story
first of all how many people think uh... listen to this show even though
who norma can't do it
so i'm sure that he's really depressed and morose
over the fact that i haven't gotten to his uh... something his fag newspaper
story yet but i'll get to it
his self-aggrandizing story about how he's got from the hospital bed to a
millionaire and i was a big shot dot the i
but anyway little bit more that story about the u-want what they said about
the al-Qaeda
not good
not that we want to get anybody a little bit nervous out there
but it's about time so he started paying attention
you mean more safer
a lack of international cooperation and resolve is holding back efforts to
stand the flow of money arms and supporters
to al-Qaeda
a u-want report has warned
as a result of the uh... tear network
blame for the an i-level attacks on the west's continue to let me try it
again as a result the tear network blame for these nine-level attacks on the
west's continuing to grow
the other act in particular becoming a fertile ground now keep in mind again
that iraq wasn't a fertile ground
very pretty much iraq attack by the bushmeister and his abandoned very not
these but now all of a sudden iraq is becoming a fertile ground for terrorism
that they use a lot of the supposed to be fighting but instead we're helping to
create it
felling the flames
so stoking a hornet's nest
put were stoking and poking it
the report released yesterday was compiled by a special security council
committee established a monitor international sanctions against al-Qaeda
especially worrisome for the west-led forces in a rick
the committee said that country had become readily accessible to al-Qaeda followers
anxious to take up the battle against the coalition forces it's become like a
maggot magnet
kind of like u.a.m. a maggot magnet kind of like the mohari david at show a
maggot magnet
right one
it added the risk of the terror group requiring and using weapons of mass
destruction continued to grow highlighting great concern over the possibility
the group might stay in attack by using a so-called dirty bomb
the committee headed by Chile and ambassador heraldo munoz
mounted no relation to many munoz monitors the implementation of security
council resolutions requiring specific action against al-Qaeda
among the measures passed by the council resolutions requiring countries to
identify al-Qaeda linked organizations and individuals imposed travel
restrictions freeze bank accounts and prevent their access to arms
etc. and so on
munoz said a particular concern is that many charities are still being
abused by groups connected to al-Qaeda or the former Taliban regime in
Afghanistan
this is a very distressing fact he said
furthermore he added weapons continue to flow across borders unchecked and in
large quantities
especially in the middle east as a result of reports that al-Qaeda continues to
have access to sufficient funds to recruit train and mount operations
they're mounting it right now
how do you like that
is this pathetic or what
just exactly what everybody knew was going to happen if they had a brain right
stoking a hornet that's what's going to happen or it's all going to fly out
they're going to start biting their everybody's ass and we got to us over here
baby we got big troubles
didn't take a genius to figure out that if they invaded directly to exactly
what Osama was challenging them to do but then again back to the hell of
the president's good for business he was only in a difting that we were
uh... going to be doing that
and if it's good for how about in good for uh... uh... uh... uh... with the
out of back to health and it's good for a decade if it's good for dick it's
good for business okay
because quite frankly they don't give a dick about anybody else beside
themselves in their good rich corporate friends which is why we had them
corporate tax cuts which supposedly are having that trickle down right now
down your leg
yet you feel it can you smell it that's the point
now that's that's his piece that he left behind on the chair and the bank
sorry about your chair speaking of that
what happened to my chair on trickling down into it
that's okay bring Randy back she'll swap it for the other one
now here's the normal can't story are we out of time no one actually have
been to two for this
because i'll be a lot of important calls coming in
wq
now here's the overcamps story are we out of time
and actually a bit of it
there's a lot of important calls coming in
now here's the overcamps story are we out of time
here's the two positions
you have a lot of expenses we've done a time tunnel
here's the next
here's Neil
oh yeah you're there i thought we're gonna have a good time to leave sir
hey Neil got a good to hear you
hey uh...
good to be heard
i got the book from Michael Moore
right
right
right
right
right
right
and uh... michael not michael more
i'm franken was on the span two
booktv on Saturday morning
at uh... university in chicago
right
ripping uh... gpev you a new uh... you know what
everybody
okay thanks and have a great day
he was having difficulty getting his thoughts together
okay
but he was he was good he had a good point to make there but uh... what was it
that uh... bush is an asshole and we agree with that
let's see twenty one point six percent said that it was a courageous uh... act
yeah design a bolster troop around
no question about it
that's why he kept looking at that radar when that british airways thinking
within fifty million miles he's a oh i think we better hide the fact that
taxes to the ranch and i come on as a president that's not do that
and you know the interesting thing of it is
if they had turned around and stop and think about this
uh... had they turned around and gone back because they perceive there was some
kind of a threat
yeah
you think that we ever would have known that they left in the first place
no something to ponder something to think about
my life and look up this is four-twenty-o-five city
you're way too way
get bush
put the moo
alright
out
out
out
out
out
out
out
slip them on fire
out
out
saw it on the TV
the planning more attacks
those laundry heads must all be smoking crack
absolutely
i got a funny feeling
they won't be too inject
if we take out all those nays
so i'm singing out out
out out
out out
out for the entire
out out
blow up
blow up
blow up
blow up
blow up
out out
anyway
out out
out out
out out
out
ready
aim fire
out out
blow up
blow up
blow up
blow up
blow up
out out
today
out out
out out
out out
out out
1131-560-w2
happy Tuesday
December number two
this is the day we put the pieces of our lives back together again after this
Thanksgiving business
although you know i did make that trip to Montreal but it was no thanks given here
because we already had our Thanksgiving in October a
year
and you like that
but i will say again
and the people in Montreal are all ugly number one of the food is fabulous
seriously if you just if you'd like go on a fast for like two weeks and you lose a lot of weight
and you just want to fill that hole again
that's the place to go
i want to fill that hole
that's what i heard
that's what Josh told me
anyway
we got the mad dog coming along
to the saffrono and Jim managed the wildly popular
the ever popular the indefatigable what is that
Jim managed it to
the hunt for it for in the studio no
for three thousand hours
oh look who we got out of seven o'clock tonight did you notice that
no i don't read this thing
did you look at the schedule
let me give you a clue
the beast
now maybe they're starting to take a little page
i doubt it probably the big oz on vacation or something like that
but i noticed i don't see the big on the schedule this week
i love eating nuts
remember what i said last week about how come we don't give some of the other people
a little of our own time like they've hegged maybe i heard a stevenson
and the beast who all are you know i've got possibilities
the beast says he likes the pasta part
so the b7 to 730 which believe me that's enough
hurricane warm up 730
eight o'clock the stetson had her
and the hurricane's a basketball game
eighty k after the basketball game and you'll mark overnight
followed by the followed by the wildly unpopular
absolutely
more Howard david with the healthy for the time being but gildies are bailin out
now how can you say that he's unpopular you detractor all have you know he had a five point
old did he really i think i think uh... for all had to five partner he had the
own part no that's it was between six and eight give the give the devil his do
he got a few wide diaries in there from all the sports nerds
but of course he's talking about one was it one month
what what let me see a book whatever it was
that was in the summer book
right let me take a few cut that again let's see in the most recent reading book
in the summer book that's where they have five point out between six and eight
it's an operation
just like the october trend there where he had to wear the sports nerd shows
had these gigantic numbers and we took a little uh...
uh... back home shot in there of course i was on vacation week must be
George's fault was
i doubt it
oh it's just that when the sports nerds do well
what the last thing you just uh...
i don't know the duck gave it to me so i uh... fact that along
duck gave you this is he starting to interfere with our show again
jesus christ of what is wrong with you man
off got off this institute
you lunatic you silly person you
i think he spent too much time in key west with his pants down
the cash draft florida panthers have a personal solution for the hockey clubs money
woes refining the debt
what
whoo
refining the are you doing that your recommendation again now
go you know refining the debt on the office depot center netting as much as
twelve point six million dollars for the team in broward county for the team and
uh... county
but first the n h l which had a the franchise which had a negative cash flow
and fiscal year two thousand two must convince the broward kind of commission
that it's worthy of refinancing not only for million dollars in bonds
the commission authorized ninety six to build a center team plan to present its
uh... plans that today's commission meeting
the concern all
wait to hear this i don't want to say i told you so
you see
like i told you before you can you can dummy up any kind of figures you want you
can say tonight's attendance is sixteen thousand two and you look around you
said there are five thousand people here you know i mean and you can put that in
the box for the newspapers the next day
does it mean that you made any money does it mean that there really sixteen
thousand people there does it mean that uh... you it's a viable uh... no
wow
county finance director philip alan stopping sure to give an opinion on the plan
said yesterday that he had concerns about refinancing the debt
among them that the team's fan base isn't growing
that soft lores a non-traditional market for hockey that two other n h l teams
have already sought refuge in bankruptcy court this year
ten with the sabers
and that a potential workstoppage looms as the least collective bargaining are
greenwood it's place that the expire after this season
here comes the line of the century all you hockey fans out there i want to
pee on your parade
what i just saying yesterday i don't understand how we have a hockey team in
south Florida what was i just saying something along those lines
the concern is a potential bankruptcy of panthers hockey l l p
the partnership that owns the team alan said this is philipsy alan alan
co-in
plus he said the current proposal could make it more expensive for the county
to be fine and for the arena should the team cease to exist
the club itself is very concerned about its ability remain in business if it
doesn't generate sufficient cash flow
the panthers reported negative cash flow of seventeen and a half million
dollars in financial results for the year-end in june thirty of two thousand
to the most recent provided the county and it's got to be worth the year after
that
but michael your mark the panthers chief operating officer said the threat was
overstated the viability of this team is not even an issue we said we're
confident this organization is going to continue to move forward and thrive in
south florida
alan doesn't think the panthers financial performances improve much in
latest fiscal year either
i think they're having significant cash flow defuble easy said
your mark hired justly in late September said he could provide the latest
numbers
an on and on it goes with the lot of very disturbing news okay for those of us
fifty people in south photo or died in a will hockey fan who know our craft
okay who know the difference between that sunday and that uh... lower
got it
now
i was going to read this national gay-centered media company buying local newspapers
through the norma can't be sick on me from the hero yesterday but yeah
well i have a just a first two senses that i got to interrupt again because i
get it's already eleven thirty seven i haven't got to the piece of resistance on
a show yet today
i'm doing too much reading today
to think no
i know we've had a few calls we have to have been on there and i actually we've had
uh... all entertaining calls today i would say so far we have to show you my new
mentality don't take too many don't press your luck because what happened to
the game show pressure like it got yeah it got tossed off to the game show
channel like all the other loser shows that got
ditched off to their kind of like the way they formed up the the Reagan
many series to show time
it's on a front page of the December ninth
national inquire i have it in my hand right now in the of magazine to
what really happened
jack and the jackson victim story
cops find secret video
brutal showdown between michael and boys mom and he threw boy par boy party as
the cops closed in
oh boy
you threw a boy party
like that
to the end of the page uh... sixteen here
which you can buy that i don't know why do we get the tabloids so far ahead
here i don't get it i don't understand it we don't get him here anymore uh...
jozy
no more a day joe joe josey uh... whales in uh... the outlaw
tells the joe josey land beat
we're feeling pretty beat it q and because you said it's all the nice tabloids
the sun inquire the moon the cockamoon
and i would get we get the squad we still have
yet but he probably figures that i'm here i'm getting a head of time anyway
he doesn't care about you
thinking here's about you
your small potatoes you give a crap about you called in chat and be up real
nice what's did he really chatted you up
in the chat room down the other
in a chat room
that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that that
that goes to show you how our freedom is ever wrote in america folks we can't
even say chat room on here even though it's just a spanish affectation okay
yeah
and i'm a lot of the plan that that was listen to the show
you know so you can't say chat room later on going to the beach
forty two thousand nine oh five or band and per rescue that means we need only
ninety five bucks more to get to forty three grand i wish i would have
to have to have a forty could have squeaked out ninety five bucks
he would have squeaked a little bit making the big bucks
jackson victim here's the headline here's a little tease that will do the
break and then got a long lot of stuff here and don't tell me that you people
don't care about this because i know that you do it's politically incorrect
to say that you care everybody say it all we read the al franken book we're
reading michael more right now we love how our dean westie carcass
jewish and polish and cuban and black but in the meantime what do they really
care about they care about michael michael motorcycle okay
and we got to keep the panthers in business because when a penguin go belly
up at the end of the season we got to have a job for michael hang down there to
do the radio
the radio i don't want to get rimer all
nervous inside of the
but you know what i'm saying that that that
he's always worried about somebody looking over his shoulder just like poor
jacks mcdonald
here's the headline jackson victim the real story boy claims jacko took nude
photos and showed him x-rated videos
world exclusive inquire investigation and it's coming to a uh... earlobe near
you momentarily
it's coming squirt squirt any second
you ready you're strapped in
yeah i got my time we got to do the break though
let's see how's the pool coming before we do this here i don't know i just
have this feeling and that's why ted david called today i just have a feeling
that after all that we had a debacle not just a holiday but it started before
that
that for all debacle it it was it was uh... not good
as usual they find another way to keep sticking to us just when we think we
have some moe
mentham
they stick it to us again you know what i'm talking about got got off this
in some not him we're talking about great old women on the
tough is nervous and paranoid
all of how can you be paranoid for good reason
what was your take on George w bush's surprise thanks giving visit to the
troops in our rack is our first question today
three hundred ninety three votes not too bad
it was a sorry ask photo of nothing more two hundred one fifty one point one
percent
it was clearly courageous designed a bolster troop morale eighty two
twenty point eight percent
it was strictly politics fifty five
why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening in our rack thirty
nine and it was a brilliant way to upstage hillary sixteen
course willary they are giving a hillary high marks by the way to hear that
even the i-man this morning
and that i'm not just what's that news guys name that ass liquor what else is
not a good man he can yes i-man well i-man oh well man he's like the edmick man
of the i-man
looking at nasty smelly old bud
eleven forty two five sixty w two minutes that time it here again and everybody's
gonna be shlup into your house for the holidays but it's still not too late to
call dry concepts and read your carpets of all the germs and schmutz that are
sitting deep inside i didn't write this by the way to actually say schmutz and
spell correctly in this copy
take care of your carpets clean it fast and clean it right by calling dry
concepts today dry concepts is hands down your pants the leader when it comes
to protecting and keeping your carpets colors vibrant sparkly and clean
leaving your carpets off to the touch for years and years for a
kune stage i've trusted nobody else with my carpets why would i because they're
the best in the universe dry concepts is the only ones in the world that
drag clean your carpets same ideas drag clean your clothing and believe me you'll
see the difference they look just like brand new when they get done when finished
your carpets ready for all a holiday traffic in just a couple of hours because they're dry
and looking like i said just like you had brand new laid on your floor call today and ask
them to put you understand by list which will save you an extra 15 percent off the
already reasonable price of the job and they give you a written guaranteed price
before they start the job each and every time you have enough to worry about during the holidays
cooking and cleaning and doing all kinds of crap so leave your carpets to our good friends
the professionals at dry concepts column today tool free 1 800 248 5071 that's 1 800 248 5071
please be sure and tell that old Neil underline the old part big big underlinings old Neil
toward you to call 1 800 248 5071 or look him up on the web at dry concepts dot com
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
Gary says I was listening to Joe Rose this morning. Well, thank God for that Gary. We love Joe Rose
Beast, however, who were not too crazy about was doing the updates
It says on at least two occasions. He said the jet speed the Jaguars
21 to 17 the jacks the jets actually beat the Titans last night
Yeah, Tennessee Titans, you know as opposed to Jacksonville Jaguar as you idiot beast mr. Sports expert
Tell beast to get it right get it right beast
There's nothing more aggravating than a sports station where they can't get the teams right
Thanks. No, thank you Gary's for pointing out to the beast. Well, he's under a lot of pressure
Because he's he's a scared of the fact that he knows Gilles going on with Joe from eight to ten
He's a scared of the fact they're gonna try to shove his ass back in there with Mo again between five and eight
Which means he'd have to drag his fat ass out of bed like 3.34 o'clock at a morning number one and number two
He'd have to go back in there with the dreaded one absolutely probably like you know waxes peace every day for him too
Jackson victim the real story
The boy accusing Michael Jackson Mola station says the king of popped of nude photos of him evidence that could put Michael behind bars for years
Oh right the youngster who was 12 at the time of the alleged crimes also charges Jackson showed in pornographic
Video tapes during his overnight
Stays at Neverland Ranch is source close to the police investigation told the inquirer exclusively
Now if there's anybody that wants to poopoo the inquirer by the way if I can interrupt my reading here momentarily
Keep in mind that these were the same ones that gave us the
Rush story right on target. I think that was the beginning of of
Forels downfall remember it's right
He was doubted me for reading the inquirer on the air
That's it to keep it mine. It's in the inquirer and
Like 10 minutes later rush was already in the Arizona rehab
Anyway
The inquirer launched its own massive investigation and uncovered startling secrets behind the youngsters sleepovers with Michael
Starling evidence police discovered during multiple raids and explosive
Confrontations between the boys mother and the singer
We discovered a bizarre relationship exploded
Scored squirt no not that kind of explosion
Exploded during a terrifying standoff that lasted for hours when the mother felt she was being held hostage by Michael and made a late-night escape from his ranch
A late night escape
The relationship ended for good when the mom blew up at Michael after being told he served her cancer stricken son wine
Which could have killed him
As law enforcement officials in Santa Barbara, California conducted their own criminal probe our news team
This is the inquirer our news team pieced together the alleged victims horrifying story and found out what really happened
We learned that in addition to the November 18 rate in Neverland police also seized videos from the home of a West Hills
California videographer showing Jackson with kids in various places and in a blockbuster disclosure the source posted investigation revealed
Police seized several secret videos during their multiple raids connected to the Jackson case now the cops are going to try to match these secret videos with
Descriptions that the alleged victim gave them he was able to give very specific details about what happened where it happened and how it happened
Evidence was gathered from locations where the boy described inappropriate contact and other things he'd encountered you call that a penis
The boy also said that Michael Jackson took new photographs of him and then Michael showed him adult pornographic tapes
He described the pictures he says Michael took they would be in the smoking gun in this case you ready for that okay the smoking gun
Shockingly boy, let's get it. I'm just I'm on the edge of my seat
Shockingly the source says cops also found material related to SNM. Oi
See told a kid he was going in for some M&M's and it turned out it was a little SNM
The Youngster at the center of the whirlwind was treated at a hospital Los Angeles for leukemia
He was an overnight guest at Jackson's
2700 acre neverland ran several times last winter and was even featured in that controversial TV documentary about Jackson
To learn more about the boys background see the store on page 21. You're gonna see it?
Yeah, well the answer initially my Jackson thanks to the big heart of a comedy club owner who runs a program for underprivileged
Children and through a fundraiser for the boy one of the boys request was to go to Neverland and meet Michael reveal a source close to the family
Arrangements were made and at first the boy in his family enjoyed Michael's hospitality the singer even helped with the medical expenses
During one visit a British documentary crew taped Michael holding the boys hand as the two talked about sharing Jackson's Neverland bedroom
Sounds kind of fade to me
But serious trouble began brewing because Michael kept the boy and his mother apart during visits a Neverland employee told the inquire in an exclusive interview
She normally stayed in one of the guest suites near the lake on a property
Mothers would never be permitted in the main house while Michael had children in his bedroom
One night for whatever reason
The boys mother left the guest quarters and made her way to the main house in the middle of the night she was upset
There are sensors and alarms in the hallway leading the Michael's bedroom suite and he also had live video security camera
So we could see who was coming down the hall to his bedroom
The boys mother banged on all the doors and made it to Michael's bedroom. Where's my son?
She cried the doors are always open except Michael's room when Michael goes in the room. He locks the door
The boys mother wanted to know what was going on inside the bedroom or her son was sleeping with Michael
She calmed down but Michael must have been wary after that
This past February the uneasy relationship between Michael and the cancer victims mother took a turn for the worse
Now keep in mind the timing of this because the tape you know that his own smoking gun
They've got a thing on it here too about the videotape where she said he never stole a freight train and treated him
Yadi Yadi
You know what that was made? I don't know not that late
February
This past February the uneasy relationship between Michael and the cancer victims mother took a turn for the worst
That's when the documentary shot by British filmmakers here on ABC and the officer was punched in a nightmare of public ridicule
The poor boy was poked fun at relentlessly by a schoolmates in Los Angeles
Disclose the source close to the family slurs like fagboy and gay boy were holding him by his cool peers reducing the tears and anger
Someone even walked up to and said you mo
This put a great
Is he okay Josh?
Yeah, he's right this put a great strain on a relationship in the house between Michael and the mother and the boys
Brother and sister who sometimes accompanied them to never land then the mother was told by her son that Michael was giving him
Winded rink and she blew her stack on a visit to never land
How could you do that? Why would you do such a thing she yelled at him? He's a little boy
And he's on Carol a chemotherapy for his cancer. It's dangerous for any responsible to have someone drinking when they're on cancer treatments
They there can be very bad even fatal side effects
He said how do you like that? Yeah
Well, I mean and if anybody knows about getting somebody licked up George, right?
This is Mark Morgan. It's the 12 to 1 hour on Q
8M
New this fall on Fox. It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen
Dicking a pop snuggles into his king-size bed with warm milk and cookies and interview some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrities
And oh, this is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of
Moldey and Disney's new animated adventure the younger book to please welcome my special guest in my bed
Hey, George
Do we have to do this in your bed? It's innocent. It's very charming. I let my children sleep with very gib
So tell me here, George, how is it working with loveable bear balloon?
Is that real Michael? He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman. Yeah, hey, look what I could do with this
You never know who's gonna be sleeping in Michael's bed
I'm here with my next guest snuggled up in my bed. It's a big TV star the child who plays
Sippo with his son on my pd blue hello child who plays Sippo with his son on my pd blue
Would you like to play a game child who plays Sippo with his son on my pd blue? Sure
Put on this mask
Having so much fun me and my children play this game with very gib all the time
Put the mask on
Touch this one time
So grab some more hulken cookies and join wacko jacko for some late night TV like you've never seen before
It's sleeping with Michael Jackson weeknight sunwalks. Okay. It's probably known at 560 wqm
Let's take a look at the first poll. It's finito now wrap it up for 142 votes
What was your take on George wb?
So price thanks giving visit to the troops in Iraq
442 vote
Oh, like I said it just to change one last time one final time
447 it was a sorry ass photo op nothing more 223 52.1 percent
It was purely courageous designed to bolster troop morale 89
19.9 percent you see that fell under 20 percent
It was strictly politics 64
Why didn't he stay longer and see what's really happening 43 just like you don't want to see those flag-grade coffins
Oh, that's not good for morale, you know, right?
Bad PR's his morale and not good for his reelection and it was a brilliant way to upstage Hillary 18 out of 447
Okay, here's the second poll and I realized I'm interrupting my
Fabulous reading here of this fabulous Michael Jackson story, but nevertheless
poll number two
In fact, we can say that kind of trouble going back to his other voice
Maybe he's online too now anything wqm hey now yes, sir
Can I take a moment to touch upon the story you read about the panthers?
Yes, just real quick because I know I don't want to kill anybody out there with this
It's my firm belief and I know how you feel about it because you said it already
When they took the panthers out of the division with the islanders and the rangers and the flyers
I'm telling you it killed the crowd killed everything
It really did it's boring even though Atlanta
You don't think the fact that the team is not and by the way Atlanta's not drawn flies
I hate to read winter exciting team they're not drawn flies correct, but you don't think the fact that the team has
degraded essentially agreed that for the most part they've been
non-competitive for most of the years that they've been in new arena that that's got a lot to do with it plus the fact that
It's not a hockey town yet all those ingredients together plus the fact they never spent that 10 million dollars from
Pavel Breud that they've got to spend on freezes
There's not much of a draw there to bring people back right I can agree with that
Plus the constant increase in ticket prices that went through the roof to where like you got to pay 62 bucks for a good seat
Right all agreed, but let me just say this
You still have some sort of a fan base here from people who lived in the northeast and now we're facing every time you go to that arena
You're either seeing Carolina, Tampa or Atlanta who gives a crap about those teams or don't forget the horrible Washington
Cancer who cares about their crap. Yeah, so I really I really believe that that was the beginning of the end when they were
Taken out of that division. I'm sorry. I really do yeah
It was a major hit for this team
Well, they're the survivor not there's still a lot of hockey fans down here
But other than seeing the panthers. There's nothing else that comes here nothing
I know the Rangers come once maybe the Bruins come here one time that's it done
And the rest of the season blows
It's horrible. It's a shame and the arena's beautiful
And I sure hope that people keep this in mind even though I know they won't and I don't want to pee under parade in
Dayd County with their Marlon Stadium
But keep it in mind all that garbage about Wayne and if they build a new arena
They're gonna have all this other revenue and they're gonna be able to compete and all this other crap
They've made the playoffs exactly one time since they've been in this new arena
It's highly unlikely that they're gonna make it again this year and uh, you know who now wants to pay for it
I agree have a great thing. All right, buddy. Go. Let's go. Hey, okay. Yeah, sure
Hey, we still got it team. All right first place in the division briefly anyway
See we got sidetracked on hockey there, but that was good
We've had all good calls there. I told you that you know what what did it what did it Joe Rose
I think you're right
Joe Rose at 9.59 this morning Joe. We love you. Maybe sign that contract sign to deal. He's waiting when he ripped a moment and ass
It was kind of like the green light. That was the signal to the entire South Florida audience that everything is
Okay, I say is proceeding post-haste
Hi, it's going Joe
Now that we got Joe in there with it see unlike for Ralph which we love for Ralph don't get me wrong now that he's got can
I'm not gonna like rip him an ass because that would be insincere, but
He didn't know who his friends were and there was Mo and I I wouldn't try to influence him one way the other
He could say whatever he wanted, but he just uh, you know, even though he did say Mo Show blows, which he's right about that
But Joe ain't gonna pull any punches about the moment. Okay, so Mo if you think that what was that term he used again about
um
About
In spite of detractors in our own radio station
We can't imagine who he was talking about there. Right
He got that five point. Oh, let me say it again. This is the same son of a bitch that went on the year and encouraged his list
There's not to listen to the show that follows him last year last summer the year goes summer
Would you to me? I never heard of such a thing. I never heard anybody on a radio station anywhere in the universe
Go on here and say I urge you not to listen to the station of the show that follows me or this one
Whoever heard a subscribe even though you're good friends back at iote like a dick feral and Alex Bennett they never stoop to that
They never stoop to it because it's not done. It's it's just isn't done
It's kind of like a Moa to be done. You know what I mean? Absolutely. Yeah done well done
Cook him well done. Okay
Anyway, well, and notice how we're getting sidetracked from this very important stuff
But the guy with a hockey call was good. I'm glad to see that there's somebody who cares which is good
And number two I want to get again tip my hat to Joe Rose not that I'm sucking up with Joe
I don't need to do that because we get along great
He is a little bit of a backstabber, but
I don't know why I say that I just say it because I like doing it. Yeah
I don't want to give anybody too much of an endorsement because then it's like it sounds insincere
All the audience hates that too. Yeah, oh, this audience can't stand that
If they think anybody's getting along too good then they're kind of like suspicious like you know the like the beast in clearance
They think there's something a little bit going on there. Is there yeah, there sure is
Parents was whining like a baby this morning over the Thanksgiving weekend
He didn't get anything from the beast even one. It's not even like a little thigh or leg
Okay, here's our second pool
Who would you most like to see retire already? In other words people that you think have just been around too damn long
hanging on
Here's the list and you can add some to the list as we go on, but I don't know how many calls we have time for
I got a lot of heavy-duty crap including that big norm cat story
Who would you most like to see retire already retire Bob Barker
Moe Howard Davided
Neo Rogers
Larry King
Jerry Lewis
Hey lady John Madden
Hank Goldberg or we just filled it
Now the other reason I put the hopper on air is because I don't know because I figured if I'm gonna put me in Moe on air
You know the other fad you
Yeah, I'm gonna round it all on there. I'll show you a few votes
Nothing personal Hank love you lose some weight will you please lose an ounce
And it's that was so depressing that he said to me. He said I just gave up, you know
You can't you can never give up. I don't think he really meant that you're just frustrated or and I relate to it man
Do I relate?
I had enough food for six people in Montreal man. Oh man great and they give it these big giant portions
It's the last thing I need
gigantic portions
But like you got to have something to do right? I guess you can't even sit in people watching the ball. I mean
Anyway, I guess I better vote for somebody under to get the poll started and then I can go back to the important Michael Jackson expose any inquirer
I urge you enthusiastically to throw away the hell in the sun sentinel and just get the national inquirer every week
Plus you get your horoscope
Let's see we already got some votes on here. Look at that
Can you believe that I believe it for these two votes? Who would you like to see retire already retire?
Moe Howard David at nine very king eight
Bob Barker five the Humphors got four already told you here in Lewis two John Madden two regis filled in two
I'm in last place with only one come on time to retire
Anyway getting back to the story
The shaken mom decided it was time to leave. This is after the wine drinking was discovered
try the wine
She said I never drink
Eddie please come help me Eddie
That would have been a good 30 minute movie, you know
Great movie go see it Edward
As the most beautiful man in the world what did people magazine called him the most
Sexiest hot sexiest man in rural Johnny Depp see they're always see they always have to do it like
Too late if they would have said that ten or twenty years ago. I said yeah, you know
But they always picked something like Paul Newman when he turned 85 or something. Oh the sexiest man in the world
I kind of silly
The shaken mom decided it was time to leave but the source claims Michael made some comments that the frightened woman
Interpreted his meaning he would not let them go
She stayed put for hours convinced he was being held captive. She felt a little like Patrick McGuin on a bad day
She managed to slip out during the night and she called the house and told Jackson that she was going to call the police if he didn't let her children leave
You can't keep us prisoner. She yelled Jackson let them all go
Soon as she said she's going to call a police let him all go
There as the relationship with the family deteriorated the glove one took off the gloves
They made preparations to defend himself. He contacted Scott Peterson's lawyer Mark Garagos
During a session with his therapist this past June the boy began talking about Jackson's alleged behavior
And the therapist informed the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department which began investigating sources be saying
The psychologist was alarmed and when the mother was informed she was in shock shattered
She asked the boy over and over again if it was true remember a K in the godfather is it true Michael is it true?
The insider says the boy insisted it was true was a shocking realization
The police probe culminated with 60 officers raiding Neverland on November 18 and Jackson being escorted to jail in handcuffs November the 20th
Before being released on three million dollars bail he vehemently denied the molestation allegations
But the singer still has to face the music
Officials are convinced they're released two more victims and they're hoping they come forward reveal the source close to the investigation
Another inside sources police are also curious to learn if Jackson who has a history of prescription drug abuse used knockout drops on the
Legend victim. Did you know that?
He had years of prescription drug abuse problem right no you do now
As part of their raid they were looking for medications
They had questioned the mother and the boy before before hand extensively about
Drugs that Jackson may have used under sun. They also spoke
Confidentially with other parents of kids who were at Neverland around the same time as the boy said the inside source in June 99
The inquire revealed that Jackson had been abusing prescription painkillers even receiving some doses from an intravenous drip
Never have an intravenous drip no
Jackson alleged fascination with Polaroid pictures that children came to light ten years ago
In a lawsuit filed against him by several of his bodyguards
There was alleged in court papers that Jackson instructed one guard to destroy a Polaroid picture of a naked young boy
And an statement made by his former personal mage he said she'd seen Polaroid photos of a young boy by his bed
The recent raid on Michael's ranch concentrated on photographic evidence and medications. They never land employed pulled in inquire
During the search they cleaned out a medicine cabinet all of his prescriptions were gone
They took home videos that were in his master bedroom
They also took cameras
But the source disclosed that police may not have gained access to a secret room above Michael's bedroom
It's accessed through a passageway. There's a couch TV and beanbag chairs in that room. It appears the police missed it
Beanbag chairs
Yeah, throw it back
Nothing if you're gonna molest somebody that'll at least be comfortable
We're sports radio 516
UAM
Leave me on my child
My lawyer says it's worth white love
For some
Those I've been looking around when excuse to explain my words
You can recognize me
My doctors have reached out my ethnicity
And I keep children around
And they sleep inside my bed
People say that I am gay
That is why I'm marrying me some Marie
Is great to play to compensate
With this song
That's really bad
Play it on my child
And all of those toys that I never had
The only choice no one's mind
With my drum and abuse in the dark
Before you judge me
And call me free
Let me wine and hold
And say
I believe it on my child
Oh, we're fine
For 18 at 560 WMT
Take a look at who's tied with the mommies do we might actually have a battle on our hands today
You see that? All right, I do
What the hell was that?
Sweeper
Yeah, it was a bissle
A bissle early if you ask me
Anyway 71 votes under 74 votes and Larry King and the mommies sure are like in a deadlock
There no stows Larry just pulled away and I'm glad because I voted for him
You did yes, see I don't think they want the moment to retire yet because then it takes away a lot of good material
Okay, it's a fact from Chris now this proves the point
It says I missed it Joe show this morning. Could you please replay the Joe ripping them oh no?
Which we well we don't have it, but we can get it for tomorrow. Can we maybe what do you mean maybe
Don't you wish you all ask Robert to get it for us
Chris goes on to say I mean what am I gonna say to that you're gonna ask Robert well
He's he's a backstabbing we still he'll supply it
Chris as I hate mow and hearing somebody ripping into his ass gives me a woody thanks advance
Okay, well work on it for a Chris. We work on that. We'll work on this
This fact you sent me from Jim who's a regular facts, but unfortunately it just says
George W. Bush right. I think that's a poll suggestion of an addition
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
He doesn't get it. See that's a hold. We're not asking and see they don't understand the nuances of these polls
I mean we are sick and tired of him most of us, but the fact of the matter is uh, that's that's not in the same category
Don't you understand you understand I do we're talking about old parts who've been around too long and staff for them to retire
78 votes. Mohar david is a 23 who would you most like to see retire already?
Most got 23 lyric king 22. I thought you said they were moved ahead
It is briefly. Oh briefly. Oh barber 11 the humbers got nine
Hey stupid
John madden five jury Lewis four the O'Rodges two read this film in two
Anyway, oh wait wait till I get to the good stuff here. Okay. Okay
Jack goes Las Vegas boys only blow out when it doubt blow it out, but anyway before we do that
Uh
This we just wear the beanbag chairpoint. Okay, that's right
For the most part the police were thorough added the source. They even turned over a vase or is that vase in the entry hall where Michael used to hide candy
Those SNM. I mean Eminemus
The source told the inquire a great find for the investigators would have been a logbook kept by security at the main gate
All the kids that passed through are entered into this logbook
A decade ago Jackson escape prosecution and similar charges involving a 13 year old boy by reaching a
15.3 million dollar settlement with the youngsters family this time around the same Santa Barbara district attorney Thomas Snedden said the victim of the alleged
Acts who turns 14 this month was cooperating in that he would testify against Jackson
However due to his health problems that remains a question if down the road the uncancer patient will be well enough to testify in court
The child's family is not seeking monetary damages said Snedden
Should I read that paragraph again because Mark Erragost is running around all all they want is money. They're a bunch of great robbers
The child's family is not seeking monetary damages said Snedden never less than insider
Defenders are preparing to show the youngsters mother as the woman who's ultimately out to bleed Michael for money
Right a major part of their defense will be that the woman in her son sought revenge on Michael their benefactor when he long no longer wanted to support them in luxury
They'll show how Michael's help and kindness enable the boy to get his cancer in a remission the singer will be arranged January the 9th
So I thought was December 15
Nicky pushing it back pushing it back the singer will be arranged anywhere the nine predicts he'll be exonerated
Lies runs sprints but the truth runs marathons Jackson said the truth will witness marathon in court Michael said
now
now alcohol cigarettes and two weeks of partying at jackos Las Vegas boys only blow out
Oh
And it wasn't just a morat there
There is a picture of him with a SARS mask that's the only thing I can imagine that this is it's
I just I'm looking at this thing. I mean he is so far beyond bizarre, you know yeah
45 years old. I mean at what point do we stop being bizarre? Oh
He's just getting started mast Michael and a young companion in white cap check into the hotel. Here's the picture
It's on page 19 you're gonna go out and get the inquirer. I'm sure of it. Yes
Or somebody will bring you one unaware that cops were closing into arrest him on molestation charges
Michael Jackson party nonstop in Las Vegas with a slew of underage boys the inquirer has learned exclusively
And sconst in a lavish private villa at the maratio hotel in casino from November the turt to the 19th
Jackson surrounded himself with a pack of young boys
And allowed no adults to enter the premises as booze and cigarettes were delivered to their rooms at all hours
Doesn't that sound like the kind of guy that's interested in taking good carry young kids? Sure
He wants to take a ride. He was always we're always hearing about oh he loves the children and uh, you know
Hmm booze and cigarettes and something about packing
So many youngsters came and went at the villa that some of them evidently had to sleep in the bath tubs
And by the time the 45-year-old star left the villa to answer molestation charges in california
Jackson his young party mates had racked up
$25,000 in property damages to boot a
Ain't none. It was a 24-hour boy party a hotel
A 24-hour boy party a hotel inside it declared
During a rare foray from the villa Jackson turned up at the art divin yet's art gallery with four youngsters
He had one girl and three boys in the 12 to 13-year-old range with him when he arrived at my store
Said gallery owner Barberley Wullen
The kids were following him pointing at things him giggling
Michael wanted a $6,000 bronze statue of a bare-chested boy looking at the sky with birds on his arm
Which is pictured right here by the way
The insider disclosed Michael's Vegas trip was a continuous blowout for himself and his underage male guests
I know he's being investigated for child molestation charges in Santa Barbara
But his recent behavior with minors in Las Vegas should be looked into as well. It says
There was no apparent at also provision for any of the kids who came and went
They came and went
Michael made it clear to the hotel staff that he was the only person outside the boys allowed to enter his villa
The kids even ordered booze and cigarettes off the hotel rooms service menu
The hotel's room service menu get that I got among the atoms. I start to love her to the villa
Kakronro whiskey
Bailey's liqueur and marble and marble or light cigarettes
In other words
They were puppet on faggots in there. Well, maybe those were all for Michael
How many faggots do you think we're in there?
Michael was decked out in full makeup
It wasn't just a little bit of foundation, but heavy showgirl makeup
He was wearing very thick pancake on his face along with black eyeliner. Are you show girl
Whenever I saw him he was wearing the same purple gray and black silk pajamas with two sets of buttons at the top
He looked like a geisha girl
And Michael seemed to exist in his own space-doubt world
I felt like Michael was completely out of touch with the day-to-day reality the gay to day to day day
How did I mention speaking of that norm cannon as a soldist newspaper they expressed? We'll get to it maybe
Or maybe we can tease it for tomorrow because I know everybody's hanging on the edge of their seat
Hey, by the way norm low me 50 million dollars. Okay. Don't you think he owes me like a fortune now?
Right
Did he made the big times got all in bucks? He at least could come up with the extra 95 bucks to get us to 43,000 for a ban and pay rescue for your charity
Yes, remind you pop them with his but those bubble head dolls
Now that he got all that money from the sale of his news capri doesn't need our help
Kapiche
26 past noon at 560 W to QM. I'll tell you a place that's going strong maybe 25 years long
They've been doing a right of Brandy's which is why they're still around while Zillian's of others have come and gone the way of the wind
That's right. I guarantee you Zillian shoestores have gone out of business in the 25 years that Brandy's has been taking good care of people in
Poppano Beach, but they're going bigger than ever because they give you an unbeatable combination
It sounds trite, but it's true. They give you the top brand names
Unbeatable prices personal service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time
Well more what both not to like they got all the names in the business that you know in law rock ports echo is
Mephisto Timberland Clarks S.A.S. Floreshine lots more
They got the wide range of sizes that you need men 6 to 15 women's five to 12 from the very narrow to the very wide
So no matter what your feet are like no matter what shape what size what the shape
They can stick something on there that'll fit perfect and with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot mega store
You can bet most life on it that exactly what you need is in stock right now to slap on your feet
Brandy shoes
There are 12 19 North Federal Highway Poppano Beach
Open my head Monday through Saturday. I get choked up thinking about it
Open Monday through Saturday 9 to 9 Sunday 10 to 5 and right now is a great time to buy S.A.S shoes during Brandy's
25th anniversary sale comment for savings of 20 to 30 percent on all men's and women's S.A.S styles or visit their website
Brandy's shoes that's with two S's brandy shoes dot com
My
And local
Here's sports video 560s you and you a m
All the crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
This is the boring looks better than a live radio show every morning on TV well just about anything
But that hasn't stopped msnbc from teeming up with radio's original bad boy who now looks like a nasty old lady
Listen Bernie. I'm a sell at internist coffee
Yes every morning see I miss listen to a tape of other people's county bits live on the air
I need a hammer to bite into this muffin just somebody to pass press one blade like you see his wild behind the scenes addict
Hey, I'm the best of it. I am the I'm an you are the walrus cook cook at you now get me some fresh coffee or your fire
I miss easy reverence. So I want to deal with the poll. He's topical. So I want to deal with his water game for you
He's in coherent. I'll tell you what that's a government president
What does it matter?
I just send you glory and he's only on msnbc a cable channel nobody watches and a bunch of AM radio stations
Nobody listens to and that somebody gets some fresh jingle. It's I miss
You name it we got it we got a bit for everything you know it yeah
So two people fact in simultaneously right by each and so how could you forget I miss it's time for me to retire
Should have happened years ago. Thank you very much big Arnie and the Rick
Rich woman how you are
Don I miss get him on your right away immediately if not sooner. How could we have forgotten especially since you were watching it all morning long
We were just a discussing him and I was watching him this morning
Maybe you want to give me the first coffee
132 votes who would you most like to see retire already
Larry King has taken the lead. It's a shock
38 the moment is slip-and-baby 37 from O Howard David had
38 37
Jerry Lewis 15 Bob Barker 14 Hank Goldberg 12 John Madden 6
Regis filled in six and I'm in last place with only four
Damn it
And we're gonna add I miss under immediately if not sooner right Eric right
Okay, yeah, get with it
Did somebody bring in a check for the 95 bucks to get us to 43 grand yet?
Come on
Yeah, oh, there's norm
Yeah, right and Norma should bring us in like 95 grand easy for a band and pay rescue
I'm sure we have his own part. I'm just for us. No, it's seriously at all in all fairness. He's got like a hundred dogs
Some of their actually canines. No, he's a he's a dog person. He's had a lot of dogs. That's what you told me
See you just keep stretching it the stretch in it yeah
Like snap
Anyway, getting back to this Vegas business at the Mirage
There's just not there's not a whole lot more of this because then we got a lot of important calls to get in plus
We got that story about the bullsemen
Huh?
We'll get to it
Three boys who appeared to be between the ages of 12 and 14 checked in with Michael instead with him throughout his 16 day visit
The two bedroom villa
Michael footed the bill for the villa villa one which was $4,000 a night while his staff occupied another three bedroom villa at five grand
A night a lany room at 1500 a night and a hotel room at just a mere 500 bucks a night
Chum change Michael at his entire entourage went by the last name of Parker
His personal chef was Mrs. Parker his driver was mr. Parker and the three kids plus all the other kids who came and went
I'll see you the name Parker
Mm-hmm
What are we gonna do with the broad Parker outside
Two of Michael's three kids were African-Americans and more was Caucasian one of the African-American boys seem to be drunk much of the time
He slurred his words
The white kids stood out because his mannerisms were extremely feminine
Oh
The three core boys were a little more polished than the other young boys who would show up randomly the visiting kids seem more like
Street kids are runaways
When the street kids showed up at the marrige they would remain behind closed doors in michael's room for a few hours
Then leave it was strange because you never see these kids twice
use them and lose them
Or is it co use them abuse them and lose them and whatever the new kids showed up additional room service orders for food alcohol and cigarettes would be called in
Michael was the only adult allowed in or out of villa one
He must have been drinking a lot of booze and spoken a lot of faggots, you know what that's right handfuls of her wow
Michael was the only adult allowed in or out of villa one the housekeepers at the marrige complain that even the maids were not allowed to enter
The entire time michael was there
There was no one allowed in to clean up and became a mess
The kids shoved trays with dirty dishes booze bottles cigarette packs and pop cans outside the door and left them to be picked up
When michael and his party check how now let me ask you this before I finish these the last part of this
How come we have to read the inquiry to find this out?
Why is the mainstream media which all of a sudden has gone from that initial feeding frenzy to that oh je like a bronco thing on a highway
How come they've gone from that to virtual silence now because the
President you think because mark garrigo said we're gonna come down on anybody like a elephant on an ant if you know
You think no
Then why aren't they telling us all of these things? I think because the president's trip to england is over
Oh
And his surprise trip to iraq with his turkey
When michael and his party checked out of marrige villa one looked like a bomb had hit it
The carpets and a poultry on the chairs and couches and the bed spreads were all ruined with stains and had to be replaced
And a number of prescription pill bottles some unopened were left behind in the trash heap
The destruction in villa one was so bad that the hotel actually videotape the room as michael and his guests have left it
The hotel made arrangements to send a bill for $25,000 in damages to michael's manager
Because there's only one queen-sized bed per room where everyone slept during michael's stay was a mystery until he checked out
At that point hotel staff discovered blankets and pillows stuffed in the villa's bathtubs
Which had obviously been used as makeshift beds by some of the boys
michael's young guests also had access to the hotel's expensive shops and boutique shops in seasors palace and treasure islanding inside a reveal
The kids were allowed to purchase souvenirs clothing toys games and whatever the hearts desired
Among the items delivered to his villa were two stuffed white tigers from the marrige. I wonder if one of them belonged to
We got a story on him by the way. He's doing a little bit better. He went
Hey, he went the other day
Two white stuffed tigers in the rise life-size statues of Humphrey Bullgart and a buckingham palace guard and a slew of video games
The villa was turned into a combination arcade toy store and kitty cocktail lounge
Where were the parents of these young men who ran to mystery jaxon and come to Vegas to shoot a music video for his latest single one more chance
How appropriate he'd hired 500 extras to work on the video
Which is being shot at the cmx sports and entertainment complex near the palms resort
There were lots of kids hanging around michael throughout the shoot half a dozen underage boys were always hovering near him
I remember objections otterrages disclosed
michael seemed very upbeat there were no indications he knew when arrest was coming
No tell inside or at it
I found it very disturbing to observe michael's boy bandor it is mirage villa the fact that these boys were there
seemingly without parents of any adults in provision was wrong at one point
I was tempted to call the cops because the whole situation seemed weird and inappropriate to me. So he said
Okay
Okay, there's a couple of other things in here. There's a thing about his uh
The kids father the accused the kids father very strange
But anyway, it goes on and on and get this weeks inquire okay the December 9th issue jaxon victim's story is on a cover
Tax band who auction off bullsemen seized in florida
Well, what else are you going to do with it?
My any US tax and customs agencies more than 5,000 tubes are frozen bullsemen during a Florida drug investigation
We'll auction off later this month a government spokeswoman said today
Also on auction block the simmer knife will be two northwest Florida cattle ranches assorted farm equipment and two thousand head of
Beep master cattle
The government sees the assets from defendants convicted of operating a billion dollar cocaine
smuggling and money to laundering network Pamela McCullough spoke someone for the immigration and customs enforcement agencies said
State and federal laws allow the government to seize an auction off property
bought with illegal profits and used the proceeds to fund law enforcement work
Most typically seized our sports cars fastboats cash and real estate the bullsemen is frozen in straws
Slandert tubes each containing enough to impregnate one cow
Like rosy
It's very valuable it's extracted from these beef master cattle used to produce these very fine cattle McCullough said
An expert at University of Florida's range cattle research and education center. I'm sure you've been there
Oh, yeah, which is not involved in the auction said the straw of beef master bullsemen can sell
From three dollars to several hundred dollars depending on the quality of the bull that crazy song
Huh
Kind of like most numbers. Okay. All depending on the quality of the bull
Absolutely
How's he and Larry doing ah I should have known oh wow
Yeah, I mean he was neck and neck nose to nose in the early going the boy when push comes the shove class shows
159 votes who would you look like most like to see retire already
Mohauer david at 51
Larry king 41
Falling behind and after that at small potatoes here. He lose 18 mob barker 16 Hank Goldberg 15 John Madden 7
Regis filled in six and yours true. I only got five out of 159 only five
1240 20 to one is five 60 WQA
Let me tell you right now. It's the most wonderful time of the year for a lot of people but
It's not all great you hate the crowded malls long register lines parking hassles all the grief that goes along with it
So make your gift giving a little easier this year for you end the ones you love the gift certificate from dollar mattress
Call him right now one 800 mattress and give the gift that they'll be thanking you for you're in and you're out
The amount of prices God gift certificates in any denomination a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift
That you'll both enjoy for years all four of you at dollar mattress no phony promises
No bait and swish just discount unbeatable prices every day on the brand names. You know interest in love now including
Stearns of an antifoster
Dollar mattress has got the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere on Stearns and Foster Huat when you call
Dottomatris 1 800 mattress you pick the day in time for delivery within a two-hour window any day seven days a week from 8
An a.m. Till 10 p.m
Just like me. I've been sleeping on a dollar mattress for years and you'll feel the difference your back will be
Happy as hell honest sales practices fantastic service every the unbeatable low prices same data delivery and
Free set up removal all of these things make it easy to see why dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction
Georgia's doing it Miguel is doing it just about everybody Q.A.
Miss call the betting experts and you ought to be doing it too
Call the auto mattress today for a great night sleep for years to come 1 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or online it's mattress.com
Happy holidays from all your friends at dial a mattress
My life and look all this is sports radio by 60
You weigh in weigh in
Ah
Among folk music greatest names are Peter Paul and Mary but before Mary there was Bob and now
Casemail records has discovered the lost tapes of Peter Paul and Marley
Here's your chance to own a piece of musical history that didn't change the world
But might have if someone had ever actually heard it Peter Paul and Marley
Peter Paul and Marley every song strikes a chord every song warms the heart and every song contains the words
John and I read
Get to your music store soon and experience Peter Paul and Marley before it all goes up and smoke
1246 at 560 wdq. I'm happy to see to the mad dog coming up at 2 the hump or at 4
Louisiana school punishes 70 rolled for talking about lesbian mother
I'm better take that call online 7 0 version. We yeah
W Q I M
Oh, he hasn't gotten in in a couple of days now. I'd probably feel him pretty depressed
Not a good voice though today. I don't think that was the same guy wasn't no, I don't know
Now that's usually the guy that gave us
Not good not a good voice either that or maybe got learned right or so, but we can or maybe got a turkey bone
Struck in his throat, you know, absolutely. You can only hope
W Q I M
Where you're calling from?
Here's Miami. Hello
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, what an ambulance you are buddy. Thank you
And happy holidays. What an asshole you are, buddy. That must be a bush-looker. You think
Maybe that's more his boyfriend. Do you think it was more his boyfriend?
I don't like him
His bunk butt buddy
Louisiana school punishes 70 rolled for talking about lesbian mother
W Q I M meal. Yes, sir news from the grave vines
Two gods and Scott for now 940 in the morning
Stoogats. Stoogats. Goodbye
Stoogats and the Scott for all in the morning on 940 on Fox Sports. All right
What's more we're gonna think about that?
I'm listening you by net Stoogats and Scott for all what the other so for all need Stoogats
I don't know
Oh processing that okay. There's the room are probably a plant by Pete Boulder to see how the
The way the wind is blowing you blow anyway Pete you suck a second grader was scolded and forced to write
I will never use the word gay in school again after he told a classmate about his lesbian mother the ACLU will add yesterday
This is in Lafayette
Lafayette Louisiana
According to the ACLU which filed a complaint with the Lafayette Paris school board seven-year-old Marcus McClurene was waiting in line to go to recess
November 11th at Ernest Goulae elementary school when a classmate asked him about his mother and father
McClurene responded that he had two mothers because his mother is gay
When the other child asked for explanation McClurene told him gay is when a girl likes another girl according to the complaint
A teacher overhearing her mark scolded McClurene telling him gay is a bad word and sending him to the principal's office
The following week the school required the boy to attend a behavioral clinic at 6.45 in the morning where he was forced to
repeatedly write I will never use the word gay in school again. These civil liberties groups said a
phone message for James Easton Superintendent Lafayette Paris schools was not returned Monday
The ACLU claims that McClurene's constitutional rights are violated by the school district at the ACLU
We often deal with schools at mistreat gait children and children have gay parents
But this is beyond the pale so Ken Cho an attorney for ACLU lesbian and gay rights project
Joe Cook executive director of the ACLU in Louisiana said the children in gaitland lesbian parents have the same rights as any other children to talk about their families
Although no suit has been filed the ACLU demanded that the school remove all mentioned the case from McClurene's disciplinary record and apologize to the boy and his mother
We buy the guy's I was concerned when the assistant principal called me and told me my son had said a word
So bad he didn't want to repeat it over the phone said the boy's mother sheeran huff
But that was nothing compared to the shock I felt when my little boy came home and told me that his teacher had told him
His family is a dirty word
How do you like that
In Louisiana Lafayette Louisiana and you're worried about electoral votes
You're looking at that map the blue states and the red states and the red next states
And you wonder why we're never going to have another Democrat president again
How's the pull coming who would you most like to see
Retire already
Moha laris hanging in there. I'll give him credit for that. Come on. How are david at 57 lyric king 46 Larry not doing too bad
Hank Goldberg 21 the humbers moving to the third
Bob Barker 19
Jerry Lewis 19 John Madden 8 we just filled in seven. I'm tied with the Iman out of 187 votes
Weach have five meaning I'm am a good buddy the Iman yeah
Those are the best you know what they call him they call him the man
That news man that news guy that one that licks his ass he probably calls him that late at night the brown
I did when they're like that no
That's somebody else that's the guy we're reading the story about
Here's a column line nine which is always short which is always good. Hello. Hey new height. Don't you pretty good?
Good I have a
If you'd just if you're pull yes
Oh, this is like a ruffle feathers but a Ken Maul then man. I can't stand again on the radio man
Ken Maul then yeah
Man, I got you a tire man big time. Oh my god
That you realize how sacro just this is do you have any idea how sacro logistic is I know I know
But like when I first heard him it's like man we're gonna send the beast your house and beat the crap out of you man
Gonna send the beast and for the big fat guys
Do not put Ken Maul doing on that list. That's that is so
See that that's our Florida. Here's one of the nicest guys I've ever known in my life
Here's a real treat to work with a guy like this a pleasure and this guy wants to put Ken Maul did on the list
I had shocked at a Paul so you sound like a reasonable person the only problem is nobody is perfect and boy
You're sure here to prove it today
During the holidays and the last December the tooth
Right smack in the middle between Thanksgiving, Chanuka, Christmas, New Year's all of these things
And here's this guy who cares enough to send his very worst. I I want you to take that back
I want you to call back and retract it
You think he'll do it. He's a retractor
I'll let him to retract it right now
W.Q.A.M. on line one. It's working. Hello
Q.A.M. yes
Homo Koeba good morning
W.Q.A.M. hello
Yes, sir
Besides Buck Rogers, where else is Jill Gerard and Aaron Gray famous from?
Who?
Jill Gerard and Aaron Gray from Buck Rogers. I have no idea who the hell knows W.Q.A.M. Hello
You know who that was? No, let's not have liked your what's his name. It's his teeth can block
W.Q.A.M.
Q.A.M. hello
Neil yes, sir my second my my my my bio annual call the year. How you doing? Okay?
You know that uh that guy in deepy to the punch with that rumor on Feral
For the last two days they've had that abortion that they call the
Morning Bulp and off the air right and so when I heard it yesterday
You know the hamsters in my head started running really fast
You know saying hey
Body for rail going up against the moe myster right uh that would be great
But I don't know you are you're right
You got can only bring that show down man. I still got he's a nice nice enough guy
But he'll belong on here even to say hello. No, he's it that you I don't know if you ever caught two seconds of that show
But I mean I could understand how moe has a five five point oh because that's it's unlisted that thing was unlisted
Well, he brings new meaning to the term stiff competition
Man, I'll tell you what if if Scotty goes up against the moe myster
I guess I'll start switching to qa m after ten o'clock. There you go
No, wait me after ten o'clock. I mean how long he's gonna be on what time is that morning show on?
No, I think it's six to ten is it yeah?
I've listened to anybody that would even think about going against you is a moron
I don't think people are that's all I don't care about that. I mean bring on they've tried everybody has ever been offended
I'm not worried about that
I do but I think I know that
That show six to ten because they got 20 Bruno coming on at that kind of clock and you know what they say right?
What do they say even more Howard David listens to Tony Bruno?
Okay, take it easy have a great day
Okay, wow we got some crap going on now. That's what we needed in this time right right on
Things start getting a little bit still and before you know it all of a sudden comes a big bunch of
Right flying right into your face right into your bowl all over the place all over most hand
I love it
In fact, we specialize in
You know what he says all the crap you can unwrap that's it
Oh
Man in a word perverse way man. I just love having him around. He's right about that
I just I just you know not that we didn't have anything to talk about the 400 years before he came along
But there's just something specially perverse that I enjoy about just rip him and ask because if anybody in the world deserves it he to man
I'm I'm just inspired yeah. Oh man if I got a pull for tomorrow
Whoo we now if this if this is gonna happen what are the hell are they waiting for?
You know I'm saying
If they're gonna do like a ferella and the somebody show which hopefully for him and it gonna be two gods
But uh whoever uh what are they waiting on oh, you know, same thing we're waiting on with Joe Rose for them to iron out all of their
Yeah, but the difference is that Joe Rose is on the air see that's the difference
Yeah, I just mentioned that in passing. It was a big idea blitz and billboard or something like
Like we do right. Oh, I bet you Joe's got billboards up all over time
Moe's got 61 for retire
Larry King 50
Jerry Lewis 22 Hank Goldberg 22 Bob Barker 19 the i-man is moving up fast. He's got ten. He hasn't moved that fast in a long time
Tron Madden nine reads his film in seven and I only got five out of 205 last place
I'm it says move that fast in slice time Howard brought the bottle into the studio
National gay centered media company buying local paper
We'll get to this story eventually don't you think they want to hear about Norma Kent and how he's become a millionaire?
No, that really but first we got to take some of these calls though qa m. Hello
ah
W q a m that was to know I have two outstanding choices for your poll. Yes
Bino Cook oh
Dave Van Orn
Oh Dave Van Horn. I like Dave Van Horn is excellent
You know the fact that and I realized that if the marlins are spending money, yeah, does that say what does it say on a log?
Because my doesn't say does it say C.A. Josh works as Florida marlins who run all the spots today
It was written in it just as FL marlins
It doesn't say trade or C.A. next to it. No, it was written in
I'll be damned
No, I know mine is written in two, but I thought maybe on your log it said what of course I should know better because this is just a copy here
Log anyway am I stupid yes, I am, but I mean I'm just wondering if they're actually paying for that or if it's like a trade deal
But even regardless my suggestion to the Marlin organization is if you're gonna promote
Enthusiasm and excitement for next season with the marlins don't use the worth and I was at a real clip from the end of the world
Seriously, that can't be that's got to be one of those you know where they just kind of make it up
You know, no, that's the call. How was there? Oh, no
No, no, no that that that has got to be then let's get Dave Van Boring on a list right away. Okay George Dave Van Horn got it done
Oh my god
That is the most embarrassing call in the history of broadcast
Absolutely
Just got the route and when I'm up in Boca Tiga slapping all women with painted lips around the pool. I listen to the Neil Rogers wanted to
I mean I listen to the Neil Rogers parent balance one to two hour
And by the way to the losers on cloudy channel
gimmick didn't work gimmick was aesonine
I appear on a program on network which happens to be carried by cloudy channel
Guess what
You know
Our midday guy had a lot of laughs with it
The laughter ends at some point my man
And this dopiness perceive the stick is aesonine
Lot of trained monkeys on that program
Had your fun
Fun's over absolutely careful paybacks of bitch
It's coming
It's coming squirt squirt buckle you seatbelts because when I drop it
What happened in Hiroshima in 45 is nothing
Because when I drop the bomb
On certain folks here and certain folks elsewhere it's going to be painful baby
We don't want to get into personalities. Oh god forbid we sure don't want to do that. No no no
102 at 560 WDQM man. I'm gonna tell you something. I'm just sitting here conjuring up vision to sugar plums in my head
Yeah, can you see Mo versus for all in the morning? They're good friends
They're good close personal friends, so obviously they wouldn't let me take no chance of each other, but of course that
Can you just do that
I got tomorrow's first pull come up. I might just hop out at the whole four hours tomorrow
Yeah, that'd be the first time
Who would you like to see the most retire?
Most retire retire already
Who are you like Jones of the sea or get out of your life 237 votes? Mo Howard David is got 69
69 absolute video moe myster
Larry King 55 Jerry Lewis 26 Hank Goldberg 24
Bob Barker 21 the i-man. I'm as already with 19
John Madden 9. I'm up to 7. I'm tied with Regis
You'll Regis myster. Let's have him on a show again. What do you say?
not
I'm looking for that thing. It's big meal. It's big and about the price. Thanks Reg
And they've been hoarded just went on there, but I guarantee you he'll do some that I'm just shocked
Every time I hear that spot and I think to myself well
That's got to be one of those things where they just you know, they put it together because they didn't have the real clipper and the real from the real game
That is the real clip from them Florida marlin's winning the world series
And it is so uninspired so boring so staccato so
unacceptable
And a marlin's wonder why during the regular season there's a little bit more excitement
I got news for a man
one of the things that makes people fans of any sport are citing broadcasters
And when you got a deadhead like david boran doing the games
I mean, this is the same people at Blue Joe angel out he got candid frisco they should bring them back
There's nothing gets a good idea never too late bring the angel man back
Dave and boring my ass. This is a guy who's last word job before it came to sound Florida was doing the much y'all expose on the internet
Not on a radio station on the internet
W-Q-A-M
Hey, you know, you're pulling into woman. How about Barbara Walters?
Oh, yeah, okay
George hopped right on that
I want to change my vote. Thank you so much. I never great day. You want to change your vote?
Barbara Walters. She's been around too damn long. How many years too long?
Not third man. Yeah, we're getting sick of tearing to that bitch. A lot of similarity between her and Larry as in the way they talk
Yeah
Yeah, but he's got better suspenders
Unite media one of the nation's largest gay-oriented media companies is buying stock photos express gay news
Right express publisher Norma Kent wouldn't have all the terms of the ill which is scheduled to close today
I'm gonna be very well. Oh, yeah, it's so embarrassing. It's so embarrassing when somebody's got such a freaking ego, you know what?
I'm gonna be very well off for a very long time said Kent 54 lawyer and radio tacos to launch the expression
January 2000 as he recuperated from cancer. I went from the hospital to millionaire in four years
Aren't you just a guest at those comments? I'm a gagging
Cancer's express gay news has a weekly circulation of 20,000 from South Beach to Palm Beach
United Media's assistant company Washington DC based window media which owns the gay-oriented
Wichleys Washington Blades have invoiced New York-laid and Houston Voice the papers reach
400,000 meters according to window media website. They can take the express to where I can't can't say
Many local bars restaurants and guest houses are hesitant to advertise in single local newspapers
Soon they'll be able to buy ad packages and all the window media publications
They can be in every paper from New York to South Florida Kent said
Kent's name or may not on the express mast, but he won't have an active role in the paper
He'll be too busy trying to get the near Roger show syndicated uh worldwide
Is nobody's gonna be doing? Yes, sir
right
5670560 pound five sixty on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line. It's a rumor-filled Tuesday, man
I told you this is gonna be a big day tonight
You're right. You could feel it you could
Smell it and then went head David called in that like really said got the balls rolling
When he called it and said stay the hell away from the market. It's it's for suckers only
WQAM
QAM I need help
Wait, what happened? Are you still there? Yes, I am. Okay. I had a finger problem. Go ahead. Oh, okay
This is one of your trade monkeys and I do have an addition for the poll
Okay
Good day. Oh
Excellent choice
He just turned 200 by the way
Have a great holiday. Thank you youtube. Bye. Hi
Paul Harvey
Good day
That's another piece of crap. They got an IOD over there cluttering up a lot of time time
And when what is that the jackass start that other right winger that they put it on a used to be on FLAA what all they
They told us what was it Gary guy
What the eighth Monday the eighth was that is something like that
Yeah, I would ease that a new show of me promoting that for them heavily
Another right winger just what they need was one more right wing
Just make it perfect just to make sure that the government looks favorably on all the cheap channel
Radio station applications for renewal and spite of all their fixed contest and rig stuff
And I sure hope for his sake and for the broadcast industry sake that if for well read it is there at 940
He takes a little bit of my advice which he wouldn't take when he was on this station, but he won't he won't
Good guy, but he just you know he just has this kind of a death wish ever seen together with Charles Branson no
WQ I am
Yes, sir
Oh
Don't laugh okay, it's tired of seeing them lips
Want to put em? Well, we can have much more names on a pull right?
Dan Marina
Dan marino he's not playing football, but he's on every every station. He's doing 50 minute commosals
I did I see he's on a CBS pregame show. He's everywhere. He's on your pop-up poster. He's like Elvis
I'm that's your boy in the
Easily what is it? I managed to avoid him pretty easily
Dan marino Danny boy wouldn't even know if he walked in right now and he gave a big kiss with those funny looking lips
Yeah, you know Danny boy as much as you hate sports. You know Danny boy sure and you know why
Because I was you know you don't watch sports because you can't avoid it see
But that was done. You know J. Feedler no ever see him ah no see I rest my case, but Danny boy
No, no Danny boy because because you're saturated in South Florida with Danny boy
It's like the brain stem the shoes myster if you hurt chula's voice you know it wouldn't you?
Oh, yeah, his voice is post
Yeah, honey. We you know we honey. We move slow, but we're we're moving in the right direction
When we walk to lunch sometimes book Brian order food in Don chula. I got a look for something else to do and that a boy done
Yeah for justice we must go see the done
Anyway, Moe Howard David and who should retire already? Moes got 73 Larry King 58
59 as I spoke
Who we had not there Danny boy marino Jerry Lewis 28 the Humper's got 27 Hank Bob Barker 23 the i-man 21
I'm a citizen zoom it up the list John Madden 10. I got seven with Regis Philbin seven day Van Horn still have none out of 255
Yeah, we can add some Moe on the list now who is the you we don't have what's your name on the list yet Barbara
Wow, and I don't know you're passing these to Arabian people are in to him
Well, he probably'd like thought we were pretty much done, you know
But we're not we got like a whole bunch. We got many more names. We can add under before to a clock
Sure you bet WQ I am
WQ I am no yes sir
WQ I am
WQ I am
Yes, sir
That could have been a cook dip and chocolate. I mentioned it. They ever see him would be no together. No same guy
Won't see be no no Moe all the way I think they'll the schedule says be no is a Thursday December 4
So we'll find out if this guy's right or not on Thursday
Because in that five to six hour, Hank's got the be no myster on
Please don't ask me why because that's got to be one of the worst hours in the history of her
But it kills a good hour. That's what Hank said kill some good time and Clarence said that hour gets a good number
You ready for that?
Okay, so it goes to show you if the sport holes are desperate enough to listen when bino cookies on a really must be
Like that because bino cook is this boring as dog poop man. He is just terminal and has absolutely nothing to say
But you know why the Humber put some on a kills an hour and he says bino knows his real good
12 minutes after one at five sixty wm
We got barbell Walters on there yet
And I'm sure that he's working feverously on that right now these additions to our list. You probably caught him off guard
You did
I did
Yeah, no, he's got he's got some other ones on there. He got the Paul Harvey and barbell Walters and Dave and Horn and Dan Marino and
Them and they don't have any yet, but they will
Dave and Horn will get some I guarantee you that right now in fact
I get plenty of people calling to Marlon's front the office right now saying get back
Joe angel please until Dave and boring don't go away mad just tell him bye
That's all just leave fast
And take your lovely wife with your lever behind if you like you can leave us your wife in your hair piece
Stay but otherwise get out of town fast
Hey imagine this imagine Todd dreckling out in the middle of your driveway in a pool of his own blood
Imagine Todd dreck lying in the bottom of your pool speaking of pools
Imagine zero closing costs zero application fee zero credit pure fee on your next mortgage zero discounted points
It's the last mortgage you'll ever be needing
It's the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate is just 1.95 percent
That means if you have a $200,000 loan your payments are a rock bottom only
$738 a month and once you be financed you get you new home mortgage from financial group
You'll never ever pay closing costs again call 1-800-940-Lend
Grab yourself real financing power with low rate mortgage you can move your next property without further cost or expense
The only one mortgage from financial group for details called 1-800-940-Lend
It's a whole new way to buy you pay zero underwriting fee zero doc fee zero prep him in petally and zero closing cost
Even when you move to another property
So get financing it just 1.95 percent and never pay those closing costs again call financial group today and get all the info about it
Call 1-800-940-Lend
The Renewqual Housing Lender restrictions do apply rates up to change monthly 5.19 APR
Go fuck your behind go back behind it again or under it
Hey, Karate, by the way, Sala, I've been giving it some thoughts
Oh, what he think it is I know's that me and you can do much better go in 6 to 10 and not in 5
Again, Thylin, the cranky Jew I think we might be happy to get there
I think you really got out of your mind you got to have your weary bed
It's passed on too tight no chance of choice show it you
I'd rather die with the crappy together
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big puppy Jew
A Brooklyn high
I've been raped by everybody but you you're not my type
We alone this is that we're blown
No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive
Who'd wanna hear a genital and push it tight
That's crappy together
I'm going to die
I'm going to die
A show that you and me for me is much better 6 to 10 and not in 5
It's only right that I should get for sleep at night
I think we might be happy to get there
Happy to get there
Happy to get there
Let me clean it 560
WDC by the way Mogeyldi hates you like poison and wishes that you would just die or go away real soon or both of the above
Still my Howard David Voodoo don't
Who did?
Geldie
Did he really?
Right
Is he sticking as he pricking it?
Yeah he got his own pins too
276 votes on the pool and Moe is leading the way
He's pulling away from Larry now
Larry you know he ran a violent race to limit stretch and then like the chant that he is Moe just absolutely
Moving away by 21 votes 80 to 59
WDC who I am
Yeah I wanted to just say I'm telling Neil to add Diane Rees that lady that's on it that 100 year old lady that's on the radio
Diana Rees
No Diane Rees she's on Diane Rees
You know it's a big show he's making fun of her
Diane Rees?
Yeah is this Neil?
I have no idea who that is
You know that lady that's on the regular radio she could actually can hardly talk a long good morning
You have any idea who he's talking about?
Nope
That sounded a little bit to me like Reverend Jones without the affectation didn't it?
A little bit but I don't think yeah that was that was him
That was Reverend Jones
See anybody that we don't know what they're talking about or who it is it's Reverend Jones
Just to cover our ass
5670560 mobile
Mobile fertile for a section gambling
Using your cell phone to play the lottery and browse pornography could be a market worth
Billions of dollars in two years according to Juniper research
So what you and Duff we're talking about this morning after I hang up my microphone
Here is so you get on the ground floor right now
I
Says the business will develop only if regulators and mobile communications companies do the right things the European provider of business intelligence
Cautions safety security and child protection must be the number one priority said Paul Skeleton
Senior analyst the mobile entertainment specialist
Blocking span is also critical as these the development of trustworthy and reliable payment systems he said
He estimated mobile
Mobile adult content sales could total
791 million dollars in 2006 with more than half coming from video
But the big payoff will be in gambling services
That's almost six billion dollar market with lot of recent competitions worth 2.8 billion and wagering another 2 billion dollars
So in other words the Humphorant to have it to call his bookie or interrupt the show for calls from the book in the middle of the show
He can just punch in the numbers right there on his cell phone. Oh, you can do that right now. I could do it right now with myself
Can you can you play the lottery on a cell phone now?
I'm not sure about the lottery but but you can certainly gamble I can access my very credit this you will be able to yeah
The 50,000 people living in Cerritos, California are expected to have citywide wireless internet access available next month
Air net wireless is agreed to play shoebox size radio transmitters throughout the town in the LA area
What's believed to be the nation's first such installation?
All right
Air net believes there are other dozen California cities where it could do the same thing according to the LA times
The city will pay for only about 60 60 access accounts that will be used by building inspectors enforcement officers and others who work in the field
We've been getting complaints almost every week from people about high-speed service and can't get it said city manager Arthur Galucci
The local phone company Verizon communications is unable to provide the SL service to the to the southern third of the city and the local cable company hasn't upgraded
The system handle high-speed service. How do you like that? So they're gonna put a little box. I like it the whole city will be a hot box
And the whole city will be one big hot box and there's nothing like a hot box
That I always said I can't believe that Dave and boring doesn't have any votes yet on this thing. He better get some
He don't have one yet. How is that possible?
How is it possible that none of the people that we added on have got any votes?
Barbara Walters don't have any Dave and Horne Paul Harvey and Dan Marino don't have any I mean the vote totals are increasing but how come they have none the big oh?
I don't know this multi-taters. Can you explain that to me? I cannot
Maybe they're on my thing here. Let's go to the regular homepage, okay?
And make sure that those are showing up on here because I'm sure that Eric wouldn't be a dick and around with us. What do you? Of course not
Because it is a labor of love. I just want to check underneath scurran and look who's on her looking a lot better
No 284 is the vote total and those four people are gotten none. Dave and Horne. What I just reloaded it 287 Dave and Van Horne just got one well
It's about time probably his wife
Now here's the question of the day
Ohio panel starts probing the fatal beating now
Can't believe that one guy we had called earlier hadn't seen it on he must watch the comedy channel all day
I think they were showing it on there too. He must live at a cave. I just don't get it
How anybody could not have seen the 600 pound I mean the 350 pound guy
It's 650 who was really being no cook after dipped in chocolate and now he's dipped in
Schmidt
Once he hit no mo a
Subitone watchdog panel born from riots that followed the shooting of an unarmed black man in 2001 is looking to another death this time
A black man died after wrestling with six officers Francis of doom and like I said everybody who's out of the cave has seen that video over and over and over and over
In fact speaking of the cable of a show of summer scene. That's right
Nathaniel Jones 41 died at a hospital shortly after being taken because of the Sunday the 350 pound man was struck repeatedly with night sticks in a
Confrontation captured by a police cruiser video camera
The cause of the thingal Jones death was under investigation preliminary autopsy
See and I wonder remember all the riots of course in California for Rodney King incident and I'm certainly not depending the cops would beat the crap out of Rodney King
But number one he survived and number two
He turned out to be a bigger scumbag than they thought he was right
He sued he got all that money and he still turned out to be a scumbag
I got arrested over it over and over again
Am I right? That's right. I am absolutely
Absolutely correct sir the cause of Nathaniel Jones death death is still in the investigation preliminary autopsy results
So he had in large chart his blood contained cocaine and PCP or angel dust both of which can cause erratic behavior
You can still radical behavior
The citizen complaint authority created after the 2000 arrests already was looking to the death with investigators
Going to the parking lot of a fast food restaurant where the beating took place hours later panel chairwoman Nancy Minson said
She said the complaint for began its investigation on its own which you can do in a death involves police or when shots are fired
We turned to you for a full and fair and thorough investigation mere Charlie Luke and told members last night
Monday nights regular meeting of the panel was disrupted by four activists who demanded quick action
It's apparent that you don't know what you're supposed to be doing and what your authority is saying it late
Livington, Jr a member of the coalition for a Justinson and Eusha. What's a boycott of the city?
When they start fighting us in the streets you'll say why didn't you do it the right way?
Why don't you come to city hall? Why didn't you trust us? Why didn't you talk to us?
Minson called police to escort Livingston and three others from the room when they continued to shout at the panel
Jones death raised new allegations of police brutality just as the city was starting to recover from the effects of the April
2000 and one of my eyes and a boycott that followed in this case the cops are right
After reviewing the video tape and
Seeing it from the very beginning where he was threatening the cops and he was totally off his off his nut just crazy
I mean they did the right thing in
In addition which we still don't know that he died from the beating because it said there's no evidence of any internal injuries from the beating right
And I think we would all agree he had a coming
Wouldn't we agree on that I agree and
He disagreed. Let's see some hands. I don't see any hands up
Everybody agrees now that pulsian and took I mean to probably some Ojohn provocateurs were probably try to start a big thing in Cincinnati
This was a different thing this wasn't who was the guy from cheese how soon they forget 1980 here Liberty City over in Tampa the guy from the guy from there
The right to the city
Mcduffie that's right Arthur Mcduffie. He was an insurance sales guy. That's right did a wheelie
They won't do it no more. No, they should him what for I mean that was a whole different story man
Mm-hmm. He had an expired driver's license or something like that and
Then Rodney King that's another story altogether. I mean that was a beating that just went on and on and on and on and on
But this type of crap man. He was a bad news
He was dangerous and now he's dead
27 after one at five sixty WQM if you want to give your home a new style this holiday season by replacing that tired old carpeting
Here's a great idea calm my good friends at Lamin and Saras
This is the easy low maintenance alternative to very very expensive natural wood flooring
Lamin Saras is the best place for you to find Lamin and wood flooring from the top names in a business
Peridor or Pergo Wilson Art Unifloor and Quick Step and all their flooring is installed by Pergo certified installers to
Here's another good reason to call Lamin and Saras their prices will flow. That's how low they are
Right now get their holiday special for just
1495 bucks you heard right just
1495 bucks gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful
Lamin and wood flooring it is positively
Un relatable and
Lamin and Saras will match any legitimate written offer as well. So like I said, they're unbeatable for a free and home estimate
Call Lamin and Saras toll free 1 877
777 3336 they make it so easy. How can you possibly say no?
They give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving into 25 year warranty
So this holiday season give your home a new style with beautiful Lamin and wood flooring by calling Lamin and Saras today
Tool free and town that cranky old Neil Tony to call 1 877
777 3336 that's 1 877
777 3336
Welcome back to the smegmovin out of victorious firing thanks to the mohawada David issue
Oh
What kids with the groucho hat groucho hat
Are you in 78 that I'm an old Jew why you my hair's not back from the tailor yet yet suckling the
Taylor yeah I'm having it a hem
Besides it's it it's now it's today why you haven't even noticed my big baggy low-crush pants
Yeah I'm supposed to
I
For my bag I do have for the game makes me want to sing
Again bring bring bring bring bring bring
I'm gonna have me a hypnotic in the Hennessy
Hennessy
It wasn't a Jackie Cooper. They're my hepsda man. I got a do what Teddy do what did he hang plan and the do
Google Mike pant and
We we beg on a Google pant that puts my skizzle in the middle of my isca
Biddle I got more than was things
Then
Missed missle missle grabbing on my balls
I think it's done to drizzle drizzle. No, I mean 133 27.0 2 at 560 W
We got the mad dog at 2 the Hupward 4 and then we got some hercun basketball crap tonight
Yes, who's getting better from his that attack
Brought oh yes
Illusion illusionist
Brought port of sick-free to end
Brought slowly recovering from that tiger attack that's kept him hospitalized. Hey no tober's partner said what that was not a tiger attack
The tiger was rescuing him
We'll get to that. Oh good just relax
He's moving now little by little sick-free to fishbocker send it and if you want NBC's to be show he's speaking a few words
But it develops also every day
Saturday's it and the Sunday's it
Roy has been off respirator for two weeks fishbocker said is recovered enough to spend Christmas in Vegas
Where the door were performing at the time of the attack?
He's currently a patient at UCLA Medical Center in LA. I think he's gonna recover everything fishbocker said I have no doubt
Fishbocker downplayed
Roy's injuries from the October 3rd attack describing the illusionist wound as a little punch hole on the left side of his neck
Fishbocker said a stroke that
Suffered after the incident resulted from blood pressure medication that sometimes made him feel faint
Horn 59 was mauled by one of the white tigers featured in the duo show at the Marys Hotel Casino in Vegas
Fishbocker has suggested the animal was trying to help horn but other animal experts disputed that and there was one
Even asshole that we heard this morning on city pulse that said that he actually suffered a stroke on stage and the animal was
Aware of the fact that he was in distress. I was trying to save him and the dragon off the stage
Right
Sure, I now I want to listen to this very carefully after we took that earlier poll about that courageous trip through Iraq by the El Presidente
Yeah, one of the most
Espacifal moments during President George W. Bush's secret flight to Baghdad according to the White House came on a British airways pilot spotted Air Force 1 soaring over the Atlantic
The mid-air encounter now listen to this part very carefully
The mid-air encounter which aids say nearly prompted the president to call off the trip
became an instant news sensation
Memoralized by tourist pins which went on sale of the store and Crawford within hours of Bush's return to West Texas ranch
The mid-air encounter which aids say nearly prompted the president to call off the trip
But days after the sudden the identity of the pilot remains a mystery even to British airways and airline spokeswoman said this weekend
I know crew member had come forward to report the unusual encounter as a standard practice
Bush aged recounted with excitement the moment during the flight to Baghdad when the British airways pilot thought he spotted the president's blue and white Boeing 747 from his cockpit
Did I just see Air Force 1 the pilot radioed?
There was a pause then came the response from Air Force 1 Gulf Stream 5 a much smaller aircraft as one of Bush's aids
We counted the BA pilot seemed to sense that he was in on the secret and replied oh
He's saying oh
Yeah, not not nudge nudge
Within with three hours to go Bush had the secret service check if his mission was still secret
They assured me that there was still a tight hold on the information that conditions on the ground was positive as positive could be he said afterward
Bush's Thanksgiving trip to Baghdad captivated people in Crawford and tourists who came to its tiny downtown to buy up momentos of the trip
Momentos in fact, he's got a written on his wrist where the hell he was
Large pins featuring the president's plan and the BA pilots words that I just see Air Force 1 were sold out by midday Saturday
All right
hook them horns
In response to pressing queries British Airways check with its crews
But so far like we told it before no one's come forward. They're all like oh no, we don't know nothing
We didn't we didn't know no Godfather or Air Force 1. Oh look at that sewing in Rochester, New York
Well, this has been quiet for what that was then all about what would they have out a thing from Rochester near now?
They've kind of peaked my interest oh
And look at who you have you seen this
Are you on CNN I know what oh, it's too late. They just showed that clip again of Linda trip on with our good friend
The King Master last time
She's she's got a whole new face right not just a new nose. She's got a whole new person. It was an overhaul
Wow
Holy moly, but guess what yeah, she's still really ugly. Oh, yeah, she in fact, she could live in Montreal easy
They invited me they said oh come on over here and stay here. We we and I said no, thank you. Well sure
I
Speak and I'm lovely people as the Osborne is told a British news paper that he was sexually molested repeatedly as a child and suffered emotional effects from the abuse long into adulthood
How do you like that? Do you know that that explains everything? Did you know that no now? You do?
I read it anybody says this is not an educational program man. You're full of it
You're full of Schmidt like that and what are they doing with all these nealisms on a goddamn promos now? Have you noticed this?
Yes, I noticed one a little bit earlier and now it's starting to get out great on me a little bit
That's great. No, it is not great
Jesus K Christ man. What else wrong with you people anyway?
Ozzy who grew up in a working class neighborhood of Birmingham that's England not Alabama
Said two older youth began abusing him after school when he was 11 and continued on a regular basis
He's quoted a saying in the daily mirror
He told the paper was afraid to report the instance to his parents and only this year began to come to terms with the emotional effects of the abuse
Everything when you're a kid affects you later in life said Osborne the former black Sabbath lead singer if you build an F and wall with every
But no he didn't say that
If you build a wall with rocky foundations, you're gonna have a pretty unstable F and wall when it's finished
He said
Osborne last month post-border plan European turtle next year because he defects of medication. He's taken to treat tremors
He and his family have enjoyed a higher profile since they opened up their home life for the MTV reality series
The Osborne's now on his third season. I got a question to ask about them. Okay
I was channel surfamol was in Montreal on the CTV
Which is a Canadian network. They carry that show the Osborne's and they don't leave anything out
On CTV right lucky you it's not a cable channel. Let's it over the air channel
Okay, so why do they why do they do that? I guess because it's candidate right?
But I mean he's not saying F in this I mean he's saying the words man and they don't well went in doubt. They don't leave it out
Or he says he can't handle it there. That's the Canadian F and way right as opposed to the very repressive American
In that's right way
We're so privileged to be so protected right, which is why that words
What is that that's the second time that happened
Man, oh man. Well the guy sold me a Kirby
only 250 Canadian
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and for an enemy got Tommy Kane charged with murder. You know him
No no keen to Steve but anyway, we'll get all of this stuff
We could take another color to today, but I don't know got heavy a lot on her plate
Lot on her plate and Linda trip wants to eat it. Oh, she is really just oh, oh man, grotesque
Who would you most likely like to see retire already? Moe Howard David it was in a real neck and neck
No, it's the most bad with Larry King and Larry might still pull it out, but I sure don't want to see it
But now Moe has pulled away as we expected 325 votes Moe Howard David at 91
Larry King 68 Jerry Lula 37
Don I'mus and Hank Goldberg tied with
Bob Barker 24 John Madden 16 Neil Rogers 10
Regis has got eight day man horn and Barbara Walters tied with four piece Paul Harvey two and Danny Boire marino got one
Don't be picking on poor Danny boy
Although after the Sunday they're probably gonna be wanting Danny Boy to come back. I have that feeling
I could be wrong after the Sunday up into England. I could be wrong about that
But I think they're gonna be going oh
Jay was we just it was just a fluke
Put on your tooke it was just a fluke big news Halibut party at GMC is now
Auto they were all wearing toaks in Montreal over the weekend. You ever have a toek? Yes, I have that's a matter of fact
Yeah, you have to have a toek when it's a hundred below zero
I'm gonna get in that and then out to a hockey game and Edmonton the last weekend wow toaks are decay they had their toaks on
Some people were tucks some people were at toaks
Big news Halibut party at GMC is now auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest
Our good close personal buddy Tom Lehman is sold at the dealership to Lumberta Perez of auto city view of party at GMC of homestead
Lumberta Perez I just like saying that it rolls off your tongue
Expect the same great-neil deals and customer satisfaction your customer to his house long time
General sales manager or old pies on Joe Prieta was still in charge. He still got his hands on the uh thing on the controls
Stop by auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest for great neo-rodgers deals on all makes the models in stock
Take advantage of zero percent financing from the 72 months or save yourself up the nine thousand dollars with rebate and incentives right now
So you heard correct the neildeals continue with new auto city pot at GMC of Pinecrest
134 one South Dixie highway that's US one across from the fall shopping center open every day seven days a week
If you want more info on these special deals call the neo-rodgers neildeal hotline tool 3
One trible eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one trible eight five three four forty two eleven keep in mind all offers subbed to credit approval
See our friends at auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest for details
That's the brand new and exciting auto city party at GMC of Pinecrest low prices without the high pressure
sports radio five cities you a
UAM
Neon
Finally a music company is putting something besides beautiful music in the air
Parkland music presents classic cuts featuring gut-wrenching tunes like feelings
Classic cuts from Parkland music gives you an extraordinary collection of haunting melodies that hang in the air
Long after the tune is played no other collection can hold a match to this version of memories
Classic cuts from Parkland music is the record offer you just knew had to come out sooner or later
Especially when you hear your CD player expel unchained melody
Oh
Classic cuts from Parkland music when you hear it you know there's nothing to do but crack a window and share the experience with others older today
More Bobby Hatfield say about that
Oi if he could
146 at 560 WQ and Tommy Kane charged with murdered you know that no
In Montreal no less former pro football player Tommy came pleaded not guilty yesterday the second to be murdering his spouse's death one at shocked
Montreal's black community where he'd been revered for years
That's kind of strangers of black community in Montreal because when I got off the plane at the airport there
Dorvali said they might come to be have no one he grows
Friends and admirers expressed disbelief at news of the arrest of came 39 who ran football camps for youth
Following the conclusion of his career with a Seattle sea hawks and the anxious Toronto Argonauts
Tomorrow Shaikh 35 dite Sunday after police found around the floor of a west end department her body
Showed signs of violence, but there was no indication of weapon was used at a police spokesman
Kane and Shaikh had four children on the age of eight family friends said yesterday can't appear tired and drawn
Or a blue t-shirt and was shackled hand in foot during his beef court appearance. He'll return to court December 11
Shaikh's death reverberated re-reveated through Montreal's closed-net English-speaking black community
Which remembered Kane as a terrorist volunteer and philanthropy is hometown
It was a shock for me is with everybody else can't sister Karen Desmond told reporters after the court appearance
Ready for that English speaking black community the English speaking not the bubana speaking right not the
No, not the Chinese speaking, not the French speaking black community. I see. Hey, you better get with him
Mr
Because in Quebec and the province of Quebec it's French first and English much later a I didn't think the
Like you later if at all and
Just like I'm glad you brought that up because just like in Paris and I only had the one experience
It was in Paris. Yeah, just like there the French speaking people in Quebec in Montreal will go and the no extra length to help you out
In fact, they'll embarrass and humiliate you. We went into a rubens
I'm a chanaste a really good the very worldwide a world famous deli in Montreal
And there was a way person older a bitch about a lady that waited on us and she approached first in French
Which I can understand because it's a friend speaking place, but
When I became very obvious that we didn't speak French at that point she
Continued speaking mostly French
And then when she came back and had the food how we we have had a little
But yeah, yeah, yeah, but when I see book who up your ass, you know like that
And I thought that's a little bit rude. It's like kind of like being in a date county, right?
Pretty obnoxious and Montreal like I've told you folks before is living proof that that whole bilingual thing doesn't work by
Sexual works. Yes bilingual does not work. Okay. Maybe by cunneling will that might work, but bilingual does it work? No?
No way Jose. No way Jorge. Don't work
Just tell you kiss kiss. Yeah, Kessie gay
And I said we we
Who would you like to most see retire already is our pull question on neo-rodgers.com
Mohawar david had man you can't touch it with a stick absolutely. He's got 97
Larry King 70
Cherry Lewis 38
Don I miss the I man 34 just turn 148 the Humper Hank Olberg's got
Bob Barker 26 John Madden 16 neo-rodgers 10. I'm starting to move up there a little bit
Regis Filman's got eight Barbara Walder six day man horns only got four
That's criminal Paul Harvey two and Danny Boomerina's got one three forty two Danny's got one only just to make you happy I think
Huh? Okay, nobody don't like Danny boy. I mean granted. He's a little irritating. He's got those funky lips
And we're you know a little tired of them already, but you know just go away Danny. How much see you wonder with me
Like Regis Regis was on with King a few nights ago, okay? And in fact he was on at the beginning of that that I was talking about that yesterday that big
Spake surprise 70th birthday party and he thought supposedly Regis was gonna be the last a whole hour. It was the most fake
Surprise I've ever seen in my life in other with he knew exactly what was going on
And Dr. Phil came in and he changed the chairs with the oh, I just can't believe this. I'm so shocked
Uh, wink wink nudge
But I'm sitting there watching Regis and I like Regis, you know other than his Notre Dame thing
I like Regis a lot. I've always said that
He's a good guy had to put up with can't he Lee all those years. What's not to like?
But I look at him sitting there. I know he's had one heart attack
And I'm thinking okay, when does that time come when does the little message in your head finally say Regis?
Okay, that's enough. I got million. I mean, I'm not talking about people who are struggling to save it up money to like be able to retire
You know and who don't need it? I'm talking about somebody who makes millions and millions and millions and he's sitting there
Right across somebody else who's made even more millions I believe which is really kind of a scary thing
We know what a scumbag is I know how to do a torture. Yeah good
And the two of them are sitting there. I'm thinking when is enough enough when you have enough money to finally say
Okay, screw it. Let me just go enjoy whatever time I got left, you know
Right right how much do you need for crying out loud? Don't be 50 dollars Christ
So in Larry's case, which I can't stomach him on a one hand, uh, you know, we can see that
Oh, and then he also had on oh my god his son and daughter Larry Ziegler
uh
No, no, now he's called himself Larry King Jr. Who used to work at WNWS
Huh, who used to look pretty good by the way long time ago, but anyway
This the story was that he every went to his kids wedding right
Remember that mm-hmm and oh, I love you dad. I love you that sure hope I'm into will and the daughters uh whoever that was
I just been to they had to see it to really want to just puking your gut side especially after some big meals in Montreal
in French
152 at 560 WQM. Hey, it's a great time of the year they all say unless of course you hate the crowded malls and log register lines and the crowded driving conditions and parking
Hasels so make your gift giving a little bit easier this year for you and your loved ones a gift certificate from dollar mattress
Call him right now one 800 mattress give the gift that they'll be thanking you for a year in and year out night in and night out
God don't know what they'll be doing on it
The dollar mattress has got gift certificates in any denomination Jewish, Koyesh, uh Muslim
And a new bed for the master bedroom makes a perfect gift they'll both enjoy for years
And dollar mattress no phony promises no bait and switch just discount prices every day on the brand names
You know when trust now including but Anna Sterns and Foster and don't forget dollar mattress has got the lowest prices anywhere on
Sterns and Foster when you call dollar mattress toll free one 800 mattress
You'll pick the day in time for delivery when it's convenient for you within eight to our windows seven days a week from eight and a
Until 10 p.m
Honest sales practices fantastic every day service unbelievable unbeatable low prices
Same-day delivery and free setup removal all make it easy to see why dollar mattress is ranked the best in the world
The customer satisfaction so for a service like your dream about do what I always do called the vetting experts at
Dot-Matras toll free it's one 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or online it's mattress.com
Happy holidays from all your pizons at dot-matras
My
And look all this is for trail by 16
Want a lollipop little boy
Coming next year the king of pop privilege for your hometown
To ring to benefit the cardinal classes school for wayward boys
It's my goal
Michael
Yes, Michael performs all of this great since from all these with the Jackson five
That's right from the time the students of the Jackson five to the classic
Michael Jackson's benefit to our aims to please
Michael Jackson
I
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room Michael Jackson's benefit
Um, hey, yeah, Michael. Yes, Bobby. Is that your real skin color?
It's inside with cats, but I know a game that we can play to find out
And so if you fly, you know, it's time to free willy
But you know
And here's the rousing finale as Michael sings the song he wrote for the shower of the world with the Vienna boys choir back in him up
I
I
Here other great Michael Jackson classics like Billy's jeans
You know how to tell time and of course smooth criminal just it's Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the cardinal class
To school for wayward boys get your tickets now boys under 10 minutes free when a copy by no one
All right
Bye
That damn bag I can't stand up
