The crap you can unwrap all the slime all the time
There paint
You used to watch me shave now you do stare at the floor
On their penis I don't like the way it's more
You used to feel you and me in paper towel in a dirty magazine
That's how it needed to get in by
Now it seems things are changing and I think that you're the one who blamed their penis
I don't like you anymore
He seems
They're right me
I don't think I like you anymore
Because when you get the drinkin'
You put me places I've never been before
They're right me
I don't like you anymore
I can't we just get a grip on our man-to-hand relationship
Come to terms with truly how we feel
If we put our heads together
We just stay home forever there penis
I don't like how I can't you after all
Oh when running while you're shaving your shave my whole head
10.0.2 at 5.60 WQ I'm happy Wednesday to you but this is it man
Tomorrow's the big day tomorrow we got that trend coming out
The feral trend
At one o'clock so we little kill of the Shodamaran
Dub came and told me a plethora of stuff while you were out there dittling around with Joe this morning
Really?
Number one being that you're full of crap that Joe Rose hasn't had that big dollar in sent discussion with Greg Reed yet
Had a Joe tell you otherwise?
And don't play that sound ever again let's let's play it out here
I mean you're the one with the Yenthal let's find out about this let's find out whose town tall tales
I don't know where Joe Rose asked for too much money
Did I say I got that from him?
No
Did I ever say that I was quoting him on that?
Don't now you're pulling a mo it's like were you get your information just give me a direct answer and quit the beating around the pool
He never told me that
Okay, so I think you're full of crap I don't think they've had that discussion yet
Whatever the amount is he'll get it
You listen Joe whatever amount you hold him up for you'll get it
I think the stumbling block there is a channel six I think that they're not too keen on that whole deal
And you know why I say to them?
Screw them
I mean Joe is just smoking in there between 8 and 10
He's got some gigantic sloppy shoes to fill there with all that the big rack and a big D in the big good D in the big rack and 30 for C
He's got a big gap to fill there but you know Joe's been around a long time
And the sports nerds love Joe Rose the only thing you know that you have to be concerned is that some of the non sports nerds
They may not be into that heavy duty sports stuff every day like like the fish guy to call it again today again
At the end of the show
But nevertheless we love Joe Rose big time especially because he hates smoke
Absolutely
A lot although we can say that about anybody see that no longer is a qualification for being on QAM
Anybody how about ever forgetting already because everybody even the janitor hates smoke
So that that doesn't set you above the pack anyway we got a lot of schedule changes for those who are keeping score at home
No let's see we didn't have any mold this morning I thought it was just me I thought I came in at the just a propitious moment
But to miss his stentorian thorns but come to find out he was screwing off again today another day off
That says by the way don't be confused he loves Mo
He just stuck in that thing
Nobody told me he just stuck his head in inside
Nobody told me he said he hates him like poison that wishes he would die a wicked death is what he told me
Oh look at this I was just joking about this before
Oh let's end Scott Jr. out with Mark Eisenberg come on
Let's do something productive to make up for his ever in behavior yesterday
Mark Eisenberg is saying that's the reason why we said Mark by himself so we don't have any time to join you
So in other words he might actually get there one time and Scott won't give him the bum directions
Mark Eisenberg is going doing his toy drive this is excellent
Going his toy drive something that was written by an illegal alien McGill
Today from 11 to one of these Sears Park and a lot of the town center mall in Boka also has the best of Neil with them too
Kind of like an afterthought he's in other words you probably don't want our crap but just in case you'll have that stuff on him too
You know the CD and the more Howard David a keychain stuff like that but bring your toys see they would probably be a little bit better off if they would tell more about the toy drive in these promos
I'd be more than delighted to cooperate but I mean this is his toy drive you know I'm saying
Okay I'll write you the three million yeah give me a little something more I mean see if unless there's a sponsor involved in the sales department's got you so brainwash to manipulate it
Unless there's a sponsor showing to get free promos you don't give me any information so we could probably do him a little bit better if you tell us exactly what they're supposed to bring and where they stick it and things like that
No we're not supposed to stick it
Who are the toys you by the way?
I beg your pardon?
Who are the toys going to?
Oh Joe and Mark
Well times are tough you know they're even not making too much cash
I don't know who they're going to either it's there that's a that's a very good question now that you mentioned it
It's probably a scam
Joe DiMaggio's children's hospital says Miguel
Oh I can't stand Joe DiMaggio man I hated him
I mean he's a great ball player but he was a miserable prick he was a bastard
So like I said Miguel don't give us too much information
Anyway Booge is going to be off for the mad dog today and tomorrow and I'll wait for me today and then Booge and Boo
How about Booge and Boo you say huh?
And Mo
Booge, Boo, Oh and Mo
Absolutely
Yeah sounds like a QM law firm
But we do have the load will be on it for this afternoon in the Humper
The load, Hank will be a chulas, Iro Winderman 4 to 5 today
By the way I was a good guy but he's got the worst squeaky voice he almost sounds like Joe
Do you ever hear him on the year?
Sounds like a little boy you're a good guy Iro we like you a lot but man you are really terrible on a year
Don't quit your newspaper job Panther preview at 7 we got a big big game
Matter is going to be a crowd there tonight about third man and speaking of hockey how about those make believes
I think I just I screwed up on it that was going to tape the highlight there and I think I screwed up
Just the ass end of that first goal
Where are you Joe? Where's Joe Bowen?
Hey Joe
That's enough Joe that's enough hockey that's more than enough for one day believe me in this time
Least in their last 12 games out of a possible 24 points have 23 points are you impressed by that?
You ought to be loser
Sure
I'd be really impressed with that they're smoke-a-man they're tied for first place in the league with Philadelphia 44 points
I don't know why I don't know how just out of nowhere
I guess Pat Quom is on a verge of getting fired he said you guys better butch it up a little bit I'm gonna get my fat ass can they said okay boss
Whatever you say so we got the booster and bull and Curtis Stephenson on Friday in that two to four slot
Sandwich in between the load the load and the toad
Here's a great letter to the Toronto star yesterday and by the way you know I'm recovering nicely in spite of the fact
Everybody says I'm a daughtering old man you know that's what a good job. I'm doing recovering from this cold
That I almost got without a doubt I did get it but and that's a good sign that's a really good sign that my immune system must be sensational
Even for a diabetic old fart like me
Because it's been pretty goddamn cold lately, but I'm used to it
I had the first several years of my life in this crap and it sits 34 right now and not too bad cloudy 34 right you can handle that
But I had like the first
Inklings of it on Monday morning was it Monday? I think I had it on Monday and you get that thing with little scratch in your throat
And then you figure you're gonna lose your voice for two or three days and I'm starting seeing sugar plums dancing in my head like hey I'm gonna be
I do only probably in Georgia's on vacation this week and since it's the end of the year there's no
There's no working room there you know what I'm saying
In other words, I can't afford Chris now we had to put the beast on it to the show and I would have been really a just a nightmare
Yes
With you alone although I know this that your buddy Joe is you know he's he's pro-men
You know it's the Neil and B show yeah, but he won't let me talk in his show, so but he's smarter than I am in addition to which he didn't have to let you talk because he's got just
Non-stop those sports callers. I gotta admit to you as much as I just revile sports talk
I gotta tell you I am jealous
Because I think back to all of those days that I've been on the year how many years in this town
And the days that I sat and begged for calls no matter all the great material I had and the interesting things I had to talk about and the stuff that was going on and
Just begged and pleaded for calls and just couldn't buy a call for 50 bucks and the sports there is we could put
Moe's musk red on the air and get the phones to ring off the hook
Hey, what do you think about those dolphins can they bounce back on Sunday? You know that crap
It just never stops
Just the same neurotic endless garbage and now the new thing I heard the Joe talking about with the the duket in driving in the in zone
You know I have these celebrations. Yeah the cell phone thing the cell phone thing which they showed many many time
But third man
And just makes me sick to my stomach you know I mean
I brought a bunch of jive ass turkeys and then the one schwarz your calls and tries to make it a racial thing and somebody very accurately
Pointed out that it was Mark Gaston was the first guy that they got the fine for that who happened to be about as white as you are white and
Pasty and then reviled also by everybody like Moe
Remember Mark Gaston oh yep there you go Mark Gaston oh it looked white to me but everything's always a racial thing you know just like just like the networks I guess there's nothing else going on
You got 13 more dead people in a bag that
13 died 22 wounded his truck bomb explodes and bagged that we'll get to that but this is the important stuff is some jive ass asshole in the in zone is pulling a cell phone off from underneath the
Gold post and is the Michael Jackson thing a racial fan right everything's a racial thing look at the way great letter in the Toronto star yesterday you love this
Letter the editor it says he threatened the peace and security of the whole world with wanting proliferation of weapons of mass destruction
An unelected desk but he ruthlessly exploited his people for the enrichment of a tiny elite that prominently included his own family and friends
He illegally invaded a sovereign country for the sole purpose of grabbing its oil reserves I look forward to him being subjected to international
Offers crimes against humanity and when we're done with George W. Bush let's do the same to Sodom Hussein
Roochon Bell and Toronto nice going John you go boy excellent great letter huh when we're done with W let's do the same to Sodom Hussein
Bring him the justice ain't gonna happen though the polls is popularity went zoom in up 6.52 to 58% which goes to show how easy the American public is man there but you're more on
More on there's a few smart people in America would say we haven't found him yet and none of them are running for president by the way
130 some odd votes on yesterday's poll pretty impressive I thought there was a poll that most of our audience wouldn't like because most of our sports nerds but they liked it like the well enough and the death informs me that the ratings I thought it was today was last day of this rating period
I was wrong last Wednesday the 10th was the end of the fall rating books so we're just in limbo we can do whatever the hell we want
Don't you like that we can do whatever the hell we want want to play four hours of comedy bits does that go for it no part of whatever anyway just slide your way through
Even more so than usual is what he said I don't know what you meant by that we asked yesterday which athlete was the biggest comeback to ever play for a sophomore team we got over 1000 votes and we'll give you the results I know it's breathtaking momentarily and today's new pool
And then we got our one to two comedy bits are and I'm thinking that we ought to like expand that a little bit because it is the holiday season right a lot of good stuff that we need to play like that like that first bit that Bob and Tom bit later to my penis having heard that in a Koons age
1013 at 560 WQ I am I want to tell you fat people out there or nothing personal
at least all you fat people you know this that it's so difficult to stay on the atkins or any other low carb diet because even as you know it sounds great in the beginning you know meat and cheese and seafood and butter and eggs
Yeah, but how much meat and seafood and butter and eggs can you eat when you come right down to get treating the noteness
That's why people need some variety something with some taste something with some sweetness to it and that's why Delights West book is so popular because everybody and their brothers on a low carb diet right now in this store is dedicated entirely to them.
They've got over a thousand low carb products in this one fantastic store including breads and bagels muffins, cheesecakes, brownies, chocolate days, pasta and sauces, chips and dips, soups, ketchup, that exciting carbol on ice cream and lots of new stuff coming in every week like Jeff's chocolate vanilla egg creams
The atlas chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars which thank God have no
Multitog you'll be real pleased about that simply low carb bread with stevia, La Nuba jams and seven gourmet flavors for you to jam on it.
What is it? Carb Slim bites great snack with no laxative effect. I know there's a lot of these no laxative effect. Thank the Lord for that.
Don't the if you have a little sensitive stomach say I'll pass on those atkins bars they've got crunchy pretzels by a carb sense apple cinnamon granola by carpsons and lots lots more like I said over a thousand low carb products in this one great store Delights West book you can try anything
The store before you buy the atkins products are on sale today tomorrow and every day every day of your life so open seven days a week from 10 to 10 they're on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market or column tool free at 1 877 low carb
L.O.W.C.A.R.V. or on the web it's low carb dot com for all you fat folks out there a store you love the lights west book as your official atkins retail center.
Live in local your sports video by 60 suing you a m and hell on earth post poem they're concerned and live suicide for one week.
Only problem is they forgot to tell the man who was to commit suicide here's what happened in the dressing room before the show.
Hey Ginny lights for down I'm gonna commit suicide tonight.
No no not tonight. What do you mean that tonight?
We pushed it back a week. Why am I always the last to know? We called you on yourself.
I turn that thing off on me my cell phone anymore. It's in your cell phone.
What do you mean I turned everything off I turned all my utilities off?
Why why I'm gonna commit suicide this week. We can't get the permits we got to go another week.
I gave up my apartment that you'll be fine. You can stay in the bus. Oh damn that reminds me I gave Stewie my car.
Who's Stewie? Stewie you know the guy's gonna replace me in a band.
You're not in the band we keep telling you that. I am in the band. You're in the band for one night. One night.
Stop yelling huh without me you wouldn't have any news. Hey we got a band we're very popular.
Yeah you haven't been popular until I said I was gonna commit suicide and you want to know something.
Alright alright alright calm down a little bit. I'm feeling better. No don't don't I like.
I'm beginning to feel better I think this whole thing's clear enough.
I want you to relax and listen.
Yeah your breathing sounds much better. I want you to relax don't have a heart attack we need you one more week.
Yeah don't die now Jimmy we need you to die tomorrow. No not tomorrow we push it back a week I see you in a week.
I already called my mother. Call her back take it. I can't call her back she was crying.
What am I going to do? Why are you dumping this on me? I have to die tonight. No you don't.
No you got another week. This sucks I'll tell you what this really blows.
You got a whole other week of life this is great. Yeah I guess alright. Oh geez.
What? I told my girlfriend she could point to daddy. Well so what?
I gotta go. 1019 at 560 WQAM.
1062 votes on a poll from yesterday. What athlete was the biggest scumbag to ever play for South Florida team?
Jose can sucko 235. The H.O. Jose by the way put the piece away.
Does he still under house arrest or what? I guess not. I don't know. I don't know he might still be.
Lawrence Phillips 173 he was in town for just a few days.
And the plenty of damage professional scumbag will never ever change.
You can take this. What's that saying? Oh you can take the boy out of the dumpster
where you can't take the scumbag out of the scumbag. That's Lawrence Phillips.
Cecil Collins he just wanted to dip his wick. He's got 169.
Nice going load. Brian Cox 125. Ray Lewis 97.
See I just I don't remember Ray Lewis. How do you know?
That's embarrassing. Huh? How do you not remember? Is that Ray Lewis that plays for Baltimore? Yes.
Oh that Ray Lewis. Excuse me. I don't I don't pay any attention to the Ravens.
They're like I don't worry and then every now and then he score like 44 points. What?
It was big news when he that whole Super Bowl land off thing. Well I must have.
Oh that's right now. It all of a sudden it comes flying back. Michael Irvin 45.
He should have done much better than that. Warren's 37 big fat tub of crap.
Warren's sap Brian blades 36. Hey Brian one fast jump high.
They're coming to get you. Pudge Rodriguez 29. I heard some calls about that this morning.
You talk about a guy who really just turned everybody against him in a town where
had all of that goodwill people were even the Jews were crossing themselves after they won the World Series.
You know with Pudge having a big playoffs in the series.
Even the atheists were crossing themselves to emulate Pudge.
Will you miss that Goldie saying this morning that he had a personal meeting with Pudge yesterday?
He had a personal meet with Pudge. Yeah.
And Goldie got the inside scoop. God everything got all the details.
The inside poop. And what was it?
That he's going to go to Baltimore because he wouldn't take a pay cut.
You know something, Gildie. You are one of the biggest ass liquors.
In fact, I think it's an act of justice. It's probably an act of God that Gildie's on there.
Stuck on there with a man. He hates like poison the moment.
I think I think God is punishing Gildie for being such a twerp, such a little ass wipe.
Like you do for that hockey organization.
No matter what they do, you're always suck it up because you like Judge McDonald's job.
That's number one. And number two because they got your ugly push on that screen on there
in between periods. Screeching like a little girl. Screeching and just carrying on like a maniac.
Pudge Rodriguez. Shame on you, man.
Seven million a year plus the three million deferred from the first year,
which means the next three years an aging guy who's not going to get any younger.
Ten million year to play baseball. Ten million year.
Oh, that's not good enough for me. Well, screw you, man. Okay.
You just send Pudge packing. Hey, that should be looking guy.
He is a good looking guy. Well, at least he used to be. He's been a little longer than the tooth.
You know, he reminds me of what you don't remember.
AJ, do we do you? No. And so click on from the Jets.
They all had that kind of like baby face look, you know?
Anyway, Pudge Rodriguez, but he did have a gigantic ass and believe me, I'm not into big ass.
Oh, man. He might have had the biggest ass other than Cecil Fielder.
Mickey Lowlitch. Huh? How about Mo von?
Mo von. That'd be a good pull. Who, which of these people are the biggest ass?
I know somebody who's all ass. I can look at me. I could be out there.
The beast got no, you're not near not in that category. Just not now.
I guarantee Cecil Fielder's ass weight, at least 80 pounds. Just the ass.
Wouldn't you think? Yeah.
And Mickey Lowlitch, that's before your time. Mickey had a gigantic ass.
Pudge Rodriguez 29. You an ass. Pudge. All ass.
They hate you like poise. They've turned on your man real fast and I sure as hell don't blame him.
Sammy Smith 24. Don't fumble it again, Sammy.
I remember that Packers game very vividly when he fumbled a ball into the end zone.
I can't remember whether the dolphins actually came back in one that came or not, but he just...
He was always not just a fumble, but always at the worst possible time. He was trying to snort the goal line.
9J Davenport 13. Mercury Morris, former QAM superstar, had 11.
Now was he on QAM before Greg Reed in this bunch of bandits took the station over or after? I'm not really sure.
I don't know to be honest with you. He was on a weekend for a couple of weeks and then all of a sudden they decided not probably not a good idea, Mark.
Okay.
I think it was still the kosher cowboys.
Oh, the kosher cowboys. What a couple of bastards they were.
You know, my friend Bill Calder, the late great Bill Calder used to work for them in the mornings.
And the bill was dying of cancer and they sent him. They sent...
They didn't even have the courtesy to like have a meeting or even call them on the phone.
They sent a courier where they messaged to his house.
Thank you for your efforts and please don't come back. You know something like that.
Guys dying of cancer.
The two scumbags used. They used to own a place and we thought they were bad.
And then of course the beesleaves came in.
The freaking beesleaves.
They're still sitting up in that tree with a kid from a tree.
Benny Blades had 10. Leavon had 8. Mark Fitzpatrick 8.
I'm surprised that 8 people remember Mark Fitzpatrick.
Who was in the shadow of the beasur.
The beasur made today is pulled by the way which will be amazed.
Demetrius Underwood 8. Pete Storey and of its 6.
Al Martin 5. Now I definitely know. I know Al Martino but I don't know Al Martin.
Who the hell was Al Martin?
He's a sub scrub.
Who?
Jack Blair.
He played with who?
He played with the little bear.
Oh that's right.
I'm looking for something. Where the hell is it?
For Al Martino. I can't find out.
Instead of that I'll just play this.
Do you know who I am? I'm low green.
I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
But Lamar Thomas spelled it wrong.
We apologize for that.
5. Jean Atkins 4.
Tony Martin 4. I can't believe Tony got any because everybody likes Tony Martin.
I couldn't remember his name. I apologize Tony.
Good guy.
Little money laundering problem.
Ramon Castro 4.
Mark Dupur 3 who was honored in half time at the game the other night.
Mark Dupur Mark Clayton.
Danny Boy was out there with us funky lips.
Bobby Humphrey's a pair.
Cleveland Gary 1.
And Jamie German was the beast came up with that and he got the big nothing.
Zipity do now.
So, but not really stellar choice.
The audience was less than impressed.
Less than blown away with your choice.
Anyway, here's a little more that Miguel finally facts in.
Mark Eisenberg is doing his toy drive today 11-1 of these.
Here's Parkmont at the town center mall in Boca.
It's the Joe and Mark second annual toy drive benefiting the Joe to measure children's hospital looking for a new and unwrapped toys.
Now Joe to measure was an asshole but don't blame little kids for that.
They had nothing to do with that.
So don't make them pay for the fact that we hate Joe to measure like poison.
Okay.
All the other people are jealous because he was banging Marilyn Monroe or at least so it was led.
What was wrong with her?
I mean, did she have like some like a bad eyesight or something?
Or was she just a money grabber?
She didn't need their money.
She had plenty of money for own.
She married the ugliest people.
Jesus.
God.
Who is the other Arthur Miller?
The author, the playwright Arthur Miller remember that?
Yeah.
Oh my God.
She married these ugly old men.
And this Thursday night, Mark, Joe and Mark will be doing their show live from cafe Aguana for people to bring them home.
And they'll be there just like last year.
They'll seven o'clock Friday night sitting around waiting and waiting desperately for you to come by and help them out.
1027 at 560 W.
If you have a Shelley Blooms fashion clothing, they've been waiting on you for a long time.
If you haven't been in there yet, they've been waiting 40 years to see your post.
That's right.
40 years in the same great location.
2650 Northwest Fifth Avenue in the Miami Fashion District.
At Shelley Blooms, you'll find fine men clothing.
They're out at all.
They got suits and sport coats, slacks, dress and sport shirts, ties.
One of the biggest selected designer shoes anywhere is in town.
Shelley's got beautiful, a tight and slacks super 120's in 15 different colors.
For only 60 bucks, she does not buy the way Carrie checkered pants.
George, you are a Monty suits itself from 1395 to 1595 bucks.
Our only 795 at Shelley Blooms fashion clothingers.
Shelley even offers a fantastic selection of a tight and suit starting at just 225 bucks each.
Service selection and price are the three ingredients in a recipe that kept Shelley Blooms going in business in that same location for 40 years plus.
And Shelley guarantees he says you can get the beast life on it that will never change.
The selection is fantastic.
All the races are always freeing with thousands of suits and stock up to size 70 speaking to beast.
You're sure to find what you need.
So stop overspending at the malls and make one great trip or may you owe a whole bunch of trips to Shelley Blooms in the heart of the fashion district.
They're open daily Monday through Saturday 9.30 AM till 6.00 PM.
You want to compare price.
Get more info just give Shelley a call 305 5735890.
That's 305 5735890 for Shelley Blooms fashion clothingers well worth a trip no matter where you be.
My life and love.
This is 430560.
Way to A.M.
The Lord even loves neo-roger.
The Lord even loves neo-roger.
The Lord even loves neo-roger.
When did you lay down the bank of sound?
Finding a great head of PTL when it's just a lonely day.
Since Tammy's gone away cause he couldn't give her everything.
This city preaches vence is Tammy and Jail but he should get up all the business cause he's getting nailed.
This is aspiration young.
This Tammy's moving on.
Yes she's looking for the wild place.
They used to think that it was so easy.
So thankful cash for Tammy's face.
Now he's crying because she is violent now.
Just once a week and then she'd be happy.
But Tammy faces Jimmy's love crappy so she's violent while he's crying now.
She didn't know a J-Spot from a club sandwich.
This is the most painful thing to do.
P-33 just keep giving your money to jim-baker and jimmy-swagger in the Pope.
Just keep pouring them out of your pocket on their hand.
They love it.
Thanks for a free.
Here's today's poll.
Which of these was the greatest act of hypocrisy and inspired by the strong thurman's story.
That's what I voted for. I think that's and that's the one and so far. That's the way just is shocking
You know, there's nobody's talking about it
Which of these was the greatest act of hypocrisy? Rush Limbaugh illegal pill-popper
Coke booze had George W. Bush lectures about morality
Racist strong Thurman had fathered illegitimate blank daughter 16-year-old girl
He knocked her up
She had a daughter and then finally we'd find out. Let's see with 1941 15 I 62 years later we find out about it
I said it's got to be more than that wasn't she like 70 something whatever
Philandery representative Henry Hyde lectures Clinton on morality
I wonder how that guy out in Western is doing a piece still alive the guy whose wife Henry Hyde stole and told that he wasn't married
Jim Baker rips off his followers turned out to be a pervert and he was selling condos in that
What other they call at the a kingdom of something rather?
No idea kingdom of Yoschke
Yeah, they were selling condos in other words they had like a hundred condos, but they were selling 200
They didn't have them and then of course come to find out he was screwing his brains out not only with women but with well
Jimmy Swagger it sends with hookers my lord. I have sin remember that and then they still keep getting to send him their money
That's the thing that I love and look what has no vote so far born again John van Beesbrook the beezer calls one of his players nigger
Nice it was the goalie on a minor league team. He was coaching here in Canada
This was come up. I don't know where to vote on this one. It was a tough choice. I voted for Strom Thurman
Because here is one of the well see you're not old enough to remember just how virulent he was he was in 1948
One of the lead segregationist in America with his Dixie Crack party in a whole deal and turned against the Democrats and did just a virulent
Races son of a bitch. So I guess basically his philosophy was those darkies are okay in a bedroom
But other than that just to keep me in their place. Okay?
In fact, maybe he screwed her in the back of the bedroom as opposed to luck in the front of the bedroom maybe on the back of the bed
Or maybe somebody was under back and that said that he lures the pull question so far
So far Strom Thurman illegitimate black daughter 12
Coke booze hound George W. Bush lecturing about morality
He's the guy that was bring her gonna bring morality back to the White House after bubble with him blue strain
Squirt score stains on the white dresser was the other way around
Rush limbo illegal pill popper 7 Jim Baker rips off his followers turns out to be a pervert 5
Jimmy swaggered sins with hookers 3
Flandering Henry hard lectures putting on morality 2 and born again John the bea'ser calls his goalie a nigger no no votes yet
Nobody said I guess born again Christians can use the n word right I voice it's okay, huh? I voted for rush
13 die 22 wounded is truck bomb explodes in Baghdad a
Truck loaded with explosives that was apparently on its way to strike a pulley station blow up in the middle of a busy intersection in Baghdad today
When it collided with a bus killing 13 people and wounding 22 the Iraqi pulley said
The explosion took place about a half a mile from the Amil police station in the Baya area southwest of southwest Baghdad
Among that if we're three children two girls in a boy who were ripped apart from the blast
It was horrible said second lieutenant off meds who higher. I've never seen a bomb this big
I want to remind you that every one of these people including these children who are being who are dying and being
Decapitated in whose lives are being destroyed every one of these people is a victim of the illegal attack on Iraq
Just keep that in mind, okay?
Why do you all swelled up with glory and excitement about these pictures of Sodom that horrible terrorists to use to be our
Coast personal buddy. I know that's hard for a lot of people to swallow
But that's the fact just like that letter that I read to the editor from the star
These are war crimes just just as grotesque
Just as gruesome just as unacceptable based on a pack of lies
Here's some of those the beast is all excited about huh
Now I told you before the show you're pretty whipped up about it. So why don't you just get sick
And then you can get some medical marriage you any oh
Yeah
And a appeals court ruled yesterday that a federal law outlawing marijuana does not apply to sick people who are allowed to smoke
Pot with a doctor's recommendation
You're sick everybody in a building we go along with that you're about as sick as they come
So what's not to like in fact maybe we can get you back on balance for life and inside your black sector
We like a little something extra in the sack. Sign me up
They're ruling by the ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals was a blow to the federal government and it's fighting against medical marijuana
The justice departments argue that state medical marijuana laws were trumped by federal drug laws
The case also underscores the conflict between federal law and California's
1996 medical marijuana law which allows people to grow smoke or obtain marijuana for medical needs with a doctor's recommendation
Eight other states have similar laws. The justice department wasn't immediately available to come at of course the busy looking their wounds
They're busy holding a big fat one
In its two to one decision the courts had prosecuting medical marijuana users under the federal laws
Unconstitutional if the marijuana is not sold transported across state lines are used for non-manicinal purposes
Judge Harry Priegerson wrote for the majority that smoking pot on the advice of a doctor is a different different
Inkind from drug trafficking the court added that this limited uses clearly distinct from the broader illicit drug market
Yesterday's ruling sends the case back to the district judge and while the women's cases yet to be tried the women who are brought to suit
The appeal score it said the two have demonstrated a strong likelihood of success on america. It's how do you like that?
There you go
That's one tiny step from mankind and one bad step backward for the fascist in there in the DEA
the pot police
Nobody Q.A.M.
Yeah
As far as that pole goes how about Mary and Barry for snoring
Spoken cocaine and Jesse Jackson the father and children at a wedlock and then you know
Leaving the public eye and then all my people on me back or zero racist
Okay, it must sound like a racial thing to me
I mean I
Those two guys and I think the reason I picked them is them much much more in the forefront than
Skump Roman was especially the last few years
No, I just got there. No, not Mary and Barry Jesse Jackson I agree with you
But Mary and Barry was the mayor of Washington DC most people even know who down Mary and Barry was the thing
He played for the redskins. Yeah
I got with it anyway
Judge W. Wouldn't even know where he was exactly. Oh, but Jesse Jackson
Everyone have a great holiday pal say goodbye. Let's get that on you. I now you're gonna email these Derek or not
He's probably listening because he does a lot of you after yesterday after your tragic
Favour to communicate with him yesterday. He's pretty pissed off at you
Not
No, see actually I what I'm doing now this week is faxing him the pole the night before
Right because I realize it's kind of like a packed-work situation now that you're filling in there for George
Because your main concern is the Joe Roe show they have to do sports updates on the main concern of the radio station is sports
So we're very grateful for the fact that they've loaned us the beast this week just that you know
Just to be with us and sit in there and like hold our hand
It's where it's out on the station. So let's add that on our Jesse Jackson father's illegitimate child
We gotta put the Reverend Jesse Jackson, shouldn't we?
If you sister make a kosher who has nothing to do with
Very enbury. I think he played tight end once
And the best part of the thing with Mary didn't they re-elect him?
Didn't he get like elected back in again after the first drug boss? I think so I think you're right
People like a crook like in the sunrise like John Lamello. He command Raul Martinez in Highly if you're a really crook
That's well-liked they like you anyway like my or Lansky everybody love my either cute little dog
Used to walk his dog and Collins Amin
What's not to like plus sometimes it's good to be on a good side of them people he keeps my grip
1041 at 560 WQM if you're a sick and tired of spending all your time in the kitchen during the holidays
Why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant the emerald coast do the cooking for you this holiday season
Reserve your holiday party now emerald coast can accommodate even the largest groups a small group like a small handful
Which we can relate to or a big group like maybe even
Start your fantastic pick out at the emerald coast with six different kinds of soups have one or two or have them all
Just show them down your puss and dozens of second the nontories like New York strip made order in their sizzling Asian grill
They've got that brand new seafood change rock
Enjoy oysters on a half shell every night to a the emerald coast
There's a lask in stone crab middle-legged clams jumbo shrimp scampi and now for the first time ever
Steamed main lobster on the weekends
They've got hand-carved prime rib their new Thai specialties too and don't forget like I always tell you one of the reasons that emerald coast
stands out about the others no crap no MSD no corn starts no headaches and they cook only with cholesterol for your oils too
There's a full salad bar a brand new sushi bar fresh from cocktail amp the end of the whole deal
They've got a dessert station and it'll knock your socks off featuring Belgian waffles pies cakes pastry ice cream with all your favorite toppings fresh fruit
All kinds of real good crap
Emerald coast three locations for you there in sunrise on the corner of just off the corner
Pound on a 44th street just up the Hershey highway of block
Collins having to just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and at the intersection of flamingo and tempered roads in Pembert Pines
Take the whole family of book your next business luncheon right now and don't forget let him do the cumpore during a holiday season two
Take out and delivery always available as well call the emerald coast at 954
5723822
9545723822 happy holidays for Merchardin all our good friends at the emerald coast Chinese buffet
Hey
Your
Similarly Jesse like to press
Yeah
It's complicated
You're a big man, Jessie's got a love child.
Yeah.
You put the baby in me Jessie.
Well the most paper should be fine.
Yeah.
And you play, you play.
Like this spicy, not mine.
Yeah.
He's in trouble, it would seem.
Oh, yeah.
What's up with that, Jessie?
The big part of intensity.
Yeah.
Oh, Bobbie, Jessie's got a love child.
This was not MLK's dream.
Damn, I'm hungry, Jessie.
Hey, Ralph.
The overlaught fits with his hoochie girl.
I mean, for two now, Rick.
Expensive suit and brand new cherry girl.
Baby, you give me a little bit of space.
In the limo he gave her a world.
It should be touching me without feeling it.
It makes you want to hurt.
Better give me something.
Jessie's got a love child.
Yeah.
Got the bad of baby suit.
Well the most paper should be fine.
Yeah.
You're running around and wrecking.
He likes it spicy, not mine.
Yeah.
I'm gonna need some more money.
He's in trouble, it would seem.
Come on, man.
Yeah.
Give me some of that rarer money.
I'm a big part of Clinton's team.
I don't have to.
Yeah.
Give me no fuck.
Baby, with his balance B.
Yeah.
Well, I can't do it.
This was not MLK's dream.
I'm hungry, baby.
1048 at 560 WDQM.
I see that the bees are got a vote finally.
I said that was Rimmer, can't I?
Vote.
Boy, he hates him like poison.
Are we never figured out why?
I never really got the inside story on that.
Let's see, from reason online, somebody sends me the...
What is it?
Oh, yeah.
I'm glad you sent me this because they were talking about even the anxious Bob Novak
ended the crossfire yesterday by saying, damn it, something about damn it.
Even the right wingers think this is so assinine, so pathetic.
Got a right wing Republican asshole out there in California, Doug Ose, OSE,
who is introducing a bill in Congress.
He wants to increase the FCC's infamous 730 WDQM to 8 by doubling up on versions of asshole.
So in other words, if he got his way, we couldn't say asshole on here anymore.
No mo.
No grammatical novice OSE wants to ban Noun's form...
Noun forms as well as verb adjective gerund, participle infinitive forms of the words
too terrible to speak.
He's pissed off when I was this from reason online.
Pist, excuse me, peed that you two frontman Bono got away with saying,
effing during the Golden Globes award broadcast a while back.
Note at first the moment attorney Robert Corn revered quoted in the story saying
there's no conceivable way that an approach like that could survive constitutional review.
This is one of the reasons why radio and TVs have on-off switches.
Oh, man.
What a concept.
OSE's bill, HR 3687, is filled with dirty language he wants to ban from the airwaves.
You can search for it here, which we're not going to read it on the air for obvious reasons,
because we don't want him up to have another heart problem.
But at any rate, the bill says to amend section 1464 of Hedel 18 United States code to provide
for the punishment of certain profane broadcast and for other purposes by inserting this
and inserting this, okay, you jackass.
And then as used in this section, the term profane used to respect the language
includes the words Schmidt.
And that's the only way.
I can't read the other one.
Mother, Effor, and asshole, compound use including hyphenated compounds of such words and phrases
when each other with other words, this is just unbelievable.
Question for all you amateur lawyers out there says this article would be illegal to go on TV and call OSE,
effing asshole is wasting everybody's time when it's Schmidt like this.
Yeah, I think so.
Is that incredible or what?
That stuff is going on in the world.
All the crap that's going on, this guy's worried about asshole.
Why are you airing shit like this?
Exactly. Good point. Good question.
Representative Doug Ose, Republican of California, another asshole.
How about if we just call them an asshole, would that be good?
That works, man.
Yeah, we could replace asshole with OSE.
Kids might be listening. You never know.
All the garbage that's going on in the world, we got these asshole.
OSE, there you go again. I can't stop doing it.
It's because I'm a potty mouth. I got my professional filth spreader, filth monger.
Can't have myself.
That's what Jesse Jackson said. He couldn't have himself.
Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy?
Races strong, thermited, father of illegitimate black daughter.
She was only 16 years old.
He was screwing the slaves.
33. Rush Limbaugh, illegal pill popper, 31.
Cook booze how George W. Bush lectures about morality, 29.
Jim Baker, rips off his followers and then turns out to be a pervert, 13.
Philandering representative, Henry Hyde lectures, Clinton on morality, 6.
See, they've forgotten all about crap.
We could have put Bob Livingston on there too, the head of resign from the house.
Remember those days during the middle of penis gate?
Yes.
What was he a senator, Bob Livingston?
I believe he was a senator.
Whatever the hell it was, he had a resign and disgrace.
Jimmy Swagrid, sins with hookers, 6.
Reverend Jesse Jackson, father of his illegitimate child, 3.
I think that's a racial thing.
And born again, John Beeservan, Beeservan calls his goal a nigger, 1.
One vote, I'm sure was rumor.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Boops through it too, mad dogs off this way.
We're just fumbling around, you know?
Just try to get to the new year.
It's one of those things that's the ass end, the ratings landed last Wednesday.
I wish I had a known that sooner, I would have put a lot less effort to last two days.
Oh, yesterday's show was really bad.
That was Carlos Pequiri's fault.
Don't forget Bees, there's a little good lesson for you.
When you have a bad show, always find somebody else to blame.
Always find a scapegoat.
That's cool.
Don't ever say, oh man, I really screwed up today into a really crappy show.
Always say, God, it must have been Moe's fault.
It must have been Joe Rose, look to me cross-eyed.
You know, put me in a bad frame of mind.
I always got to be somebody else.
Must have been Clarence last night for rolling over and looking the other way in bed.
Just at the wrong moment.
How was that thing going with a new king coil?
Oh, it's unbelievable.
I heard that Clarence recorls when he sees your fat ass plop on it.
The things that's a queen, so both of us have plenty of space to move around.
He thinks you're a what?
W-Q-I-M?
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good, sir.
How did Brian talk to escape the list?
He was on air.
Can you say cock?
Oh, that's right.
You can't say that anymore.
Okay, you're out.
Oh, good point.
That was excellent.
Great good, sir.
You can't say anything no more.
You can't say Schmidt.
Oh, he can't say that.
Once he got to a Brian Cox can't say any more on the station.
Shut my dick.
No, don't say that, Brian.
Don't say it again.
Shut my dick.
You're out.
Old number 51.
He just got kicked out.
Shut my dick.
Damn it.
What an asshole he is.
I once did a personal appearance with him.
Why?
I know that sounds almost impossible, but it's true.
He was signing autographs and autographs and I don't remember what the hell it was all about.
But he was nice enough to me.
He was kind of gentile.
He did not say.
Shut my dick.
But at any rate, he said it to somebody we know.
Are you sure the mad dog is a matter of fact?
Plus he gave that finger the one time to the crowd.
Right.
Oh, he's an asshole.
Wasn't that in Buffalo that he fused in the bird?
Hey, Brian, how you doing?
Hey, Brian, are you happy?
I hate WLD again.
Shut my dick.
I'll put him happy.
What a guy.
What a guy that Brian Cox, oh, we can't say that.
You're right.
Very good points.
He was on yesterday's full-hour British mid-candle result.
See, I can't say that either.
Hey, represent him.
Oh, it's not like you're giving out.
Oh, it's job to everybody is what you're doing.
You piece of dirt.
You asshole.
I better say it a lot now because they may come.
Although, uh, both what's his name?
Carvell and, uh, and, uh, what's his name?
Bob Novak, that fascist pig on there.
They were like making fun of him.
They were saying, man, you're an asshole.
He didn't say asshole, but he didn't put Novak put it out that, um,
what's that goofy guy with a glasses that's on that show on a weekend?
It might not mark Russell.
That other guy.
Whatever his name is.
Oh, the media show, the one that critique you.
Yeah, Washington this week.
You know who I mean.
Yeah.
That he had said bullshit me a couple of times on here, without the M.
Oh, no.
Mm-hmm.
And Novak had no problem with that.
You know, I mean, let's grow up already.
Shall we?
Can we grow up?
No.
No, not in America.
And so Novak ended the show by saying, uh, is it, well, we'll be back again tomorrow.
Damn it.
But another addition of Crossfire.
You know the way that phony way he does, and he's just, he is so pathetic.
So sad.
How about Tucker's and Baghdad?
Yeah, mother Tucker Carlson's in Baghdad.
And you notice, uh, they made him take off the bow tie.
Take it.
They want to be too obvious of a target.
So they told him probably be a good idea to take off the bow tie.
They don't wear no bow ties in Baghdad.
Do you hear he was like, oh, it looks pretty safe here to me.
No, you know, he didn't say that.
Yes, he did.
The hell he did.
He was looking over his shoulder.
He was in all kinds of stuff in the background.
He said, uh, even in the day, well, no, no, wait a minute.
That's right.
He was saying that because, of course, he's got to be a bushelologist.
It was a Bill Hummer.
Bill Hummer, that was given a real story about how many got there.
It's kind of a scary, scary place.
And what I would say is-
I'm the movement, correct?
Fire.
Look off.
This is five six years.
The radio's all yours.
You am.
Are you drugs-packing?
Uh-huh.
And the first day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
A picture of my bed every night.
On the second day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Two sleeping trade-offs, and a picture of my bed every night.
A picture of my bed every night.
On the third day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
Three ugly shirts, two sleeping trade-offs, and a picture of my bed every night.
So why-
What's that weird thing on the head?
That's a fake.
On the fourth day of Hanukkah.
How are you cool?
That's cool.
My parents gave to me.
Well, the kosher can't eat three ugly shirts, two sleeping trade-offs.
Sing the trade-offs song.
No.
Sing it.
I made it out of clay, and when the one is watching, I'll throw the thing away.
No, but that nice.
I'm the fifth day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me.
For one take a Christmas tree.
What?
What Jimmy's got one?
Maybe Jimmy's Catholic.
Oh.
And not what he can eat.
Not what he's sure.
Not what he's sure.
I'm the sixth day of Hanukkah.
My parents made me sing.
If I were rich, look at my handsome song every year.
In front of my family.
I'm a fan.
On the seventh day of Hanukkah.
My parents made me eat.
Seven greasy lockers.
Good.
Get my world-renowned man.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
I want a Christmas tree.
Christmas tree.
Christmas tree.
Now.
Hi, is this a cut?
On the eighth day of Hanukkah.
My parents gave to me.
Nothing that I wanted.
Seven greasy lockers.
Yeah, my world-renowned man.
Where is my Christmas tree?
My Bikosha candy.
Three Catholic shirts.
Two Stinking Traitals.
And a picture of my bed.
And burn me.
Oh.
Burn me.
Hanukkah.
Fuck.
Some of that just crossed my mind.
Kosher candy is given at Hanukkah.
What kind of candy is not kosher?
You see what I'm saying?
What is it in kosher candy that separates it from...
Like a...
If it had a filling of some sort that would...
To fill in?
Yeah, to fill in.
What do you mean by that?
I don't know.
I'm just...
A filling with what?
Like pork?
That would be bad, that would not be...
Like with ham?
Like with bacon?
Bacon filled Hershey Bar?
No, there's foods obviously besides pork that aren't kosher.
You know, it's the way it's made.
Oh, you mean like shrimp filled...
All Henry bars.
Right, exactly.
The whole thing sounds bogus to me.
It always shows you that the Jews are better businessmen than the goyam.
They come up with a holiday where eight straight days you're supposed to give it.
If it's supposed to just one day.
Anybody can do it on one day, you know?
But eight consecutive days.
Let's see.
Here's the fact that this is what I found.
Most typical is W invading your rank for possessing WMDs.
While the USA is the largest owner of WMDs by far.
Absolutely correct.
Which I think is what that letter that I read from the Toronto Star was trying to say and said very well.
Anyway.
I notice you fact me and I appreciate it Mark.
The facts are about there, but it's six pages you fact me here.
Sorry.
You should be.
And it's a great column, but it's nothing new.
It says Sodom's Capture Means Trouble for US Officials by Jacob Hornberger.
The website is fff.org.
The Future of Freedom Foundation.
What Future of Freedom?
I guess he must be talking about another country.
He's talking about the secrets that could, the closely guarded secrets that could be made known worldwide if Sodom starts singing.
One of those secrets is the extent of the relationship that existed between a Reagan and Bush administration that's Bush won.
And Sodom who's saying that he tells of which had never been fully disclosed by US Officials.
There is of course that famous photograph on the internet, which is on our website still, in which Rumsfeld and Hussein are shaking hands and making conversation in Baghdad in 1983.
How did that meeting get set up?
Who was involved in the decision making process?
What was discussed?
What agreements were entered into?
Sodom's testimony at trial could provide some of the answers in that prospect of Sodom who's saying testifying freely, openly and publicly about his relationship with Ronald Reagan, President Bush won and Rumsfeld,
would undoubtedly strike terror in the hearts and minds of many US officials.
You know, they were shown before again how they were on the verge, the soldiers run a verge and drop a grenade through the hole into the spider hole.
Right.
Now that would have been a bad mistake.
You do understand how fortunate they were that they didn't fight back?
Because if they were thrown at Grenade and they were blown up the bits, you think anybody would believe that it was Sodom who's saying anybody?
No. No.
Not that we doubt the credibility of this administration, but is there any chance that anybody would have believed that it was Sodom who's saying?
No. And you'll be pleased to know for that skeptical broad that called you the day.
The final DNA test didn't come back yesterday and the answer was it was it's him.
In case there was any doubt in the mind of anybody with an IQ larger than their nipple size, it's him.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marvellous Line.
Don't forget Mark Eisenberg in the big toy drive, the Joe Mark toy drive.
He's out at the pound center, all in Boken, the Sears parking lot, not a one in the QM van.
Look for Fat Mark.
Is he still fat?
Well, I mean, you're not going to be talking about fat any more.
No, he's big bone.
He's got a big bone.
Don't let Clarence here say that.
Good thing he's not around today.
Jealous is hell.
Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy that's our pool question day?
And the daughter of Strom Thurman is holding a press conference.
She's going to be speaking any minute.
I think it's a racial thing, don't you?
She's going to be speaking.
Why is she holding a press conference?
Isn't that kind of like ludicrous?
Oh, there you go.
Strom Thurman daughter speaks.
They're waiting for her to come through that dough.
It's indeed the daughter of the late Strom Thurman.
Well, this is just a shocker.
A shocker, a racist, miserable, and hateful segregation is some bitch from South Carolina.
Strom Thurman, old red-nicky, miserable, hateful, south, and he was.
And he knocked up a 16-year-old girl and had a biracial daughter who's now 70 years old.
She's going to be holding a press conference where it'll cure a couple of words from it.
She's probably going to say it's a racial thing.
199 votes, which of these is the greatest piece of hypocrisy?
Rush Limbaugh, illegal pill-popper, 63.
Races Strom Thurman had fathered illegitimate black, a child with a, the thing is changing it.
illegitimate black daughter, 52.
Koch Boozhound, George W. Bush lectures about morality, 36.
Jim Baker, Ripshoff, his follower turns out to be a pervert, 21.
Reverend Jesse Jackson, father's illegitimate child, 12.
Philandering representative Henry Hyde lectures, put on morality 9.
Jimmy Swagger, it sends with hookers 9.
And the Bordeagan John, the Beezer van Beezer, calls his player a nigger, too.
I guess, I remember must have voted again.
I must have gone to another computer, voted twice.
I'm serious, he hates the Beezer.
Why? I don't, I don't remember.
I really don't remember the reasons why.
Just, he just didn't like him, I guess, his personality or just something about him.
And then of course, when the Beezer became born again, then he became a real pain in the ass.
We don't know how those Bordeagan people are.
Oops, kind of like the Orthodox Jews.
Oops, like Jew Lieberman.
You know, this Lieberman is now the hatchet man is the Democrats tried this belief to knock away Howard Dean.
You see what's going on now?
Just ripping and shredding and tearing.
He's the pivot man in the attempt to whisper some life back into the other,
to dying the flailing campaigns of Kerry and Gebhardt and of course Lieberman himself.
Great, that gives me a lot of hope.
And the idea that Lieberman and that there are people actually believe that he has a chance to be the nominee much less be elected.
I mean, what are these people thinking about?
No chance.
It's just, it's so frustrating to watch the way the media behaves and people in general.
I'm sure I've been telling you that since right after the election, in fact, when the Chad counting was still going on.
You can look at that electoral college map and you can see that they haven't a Jew on the ticket with the kiss of death.
In states that grow otherwise might have won, including his own state Tennessee.
That's that was the end of that was the kiss of death putting a Jew on the ticket and not just a Jew on the ticket.
Like maybe Carl Levin from Michigan who's like a really good guy, but an orthodox fanatical right wing Jew to top it all off.
Oh man.
Give me a break so that even reasonable Jews would have been turned off by which I am.
He makes my skin crawl.
As little I'm not a big Chris Matthews fan.
I don't like the way he talks out of the corners of both corners of his mouth.
There's something he's got some kind of a speech see effect.
Do you think?
Yes, odd.
He's strange.
And he's all over the place, but I will say he did a really good job.
Man, he when he's done these on the college campuses, you know, and they do these serious of things with the different candidates.
He doesn't take any bull crap.
He really pushes these guys for answers.
And he just roasted Lieberman like for breakfast lunch in dinner.
I mean, he just toasted and roasted and basted him.
It was a beautiful thing.
Nice going Chris.
And what the hell are you talking about?
Lion one is working by the way, Beast.
W.A.K.A.M.
Q.A.M.
I can't.
Excuse me.
Hello?
Reverend Jones I think.
Now, yeah.
We talked about some positives.
Reverend Jones.
W.A.M. Hello.
Can I talk to Neil please?
Speaking.
Neil.
Hi.
I'm a long time listener and I can't listen inside work because I can't pick up A.M.
But a lot of my friends have been listening and they said you've been playing really funny song about the dolphins.
Yeah.
And I'm driving my dad to the doctor right now.
We both love the dolphins, but we are not too happy right now.
Could you please play it so I could hear it and we can hear it?
Absolutely.
In fact, it's coming up right after this commercial break.
Okay.
So go ahead.
Go ahead.
Drive slow.
I will end up in Hanukkah.
And back to you.
Thank you.
Don't you know, don't you?
Don't you need any trace of candies?
I'll try not to use them.
No Mars bars with pork.
Nothing like that.
Or you can fall.
It's like a zone.
Bye bye.
Say goodbye.
12 minutes after the runner, we don't want to rub that in by playing that dolphin thing again.
Do we?
Yes we do.
We still got a shot.
We got a shot.
Oh, man.
A year after you had the same tired neurotic crap man, neurotic repetition.
They're just focused on Buffalo.
That's right.
And knowing that in the snow, I don't know what it's going to be like.
I don't think it's Buffalo's expecting.
I should know what it's like because it get all the Buffalo channels here.
It's going to be cool.
It'll be like maybe a little bit of snow.
But it is December.
It's December.
Just keep that in mind.
December 21.
Deep into December.
Keep that in mind.
All you dolphin folks.
And especially Coach Wonsett.
He's too busy to worry about getting canned right now.
All he's got on his mind is Buffalo.
Yeah, let me go play so you live.
In fact, put on a white socks and do some bowling.
They'll be good for you.
One of the best kept dining secrets in town.
It's right in prestigious Coral Springs.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill.
You weren't there when they brought the food in for George William.
No.
A few weeks ago.
He said it was absolutely sensational.
Gold Coast Seafood Grill just celebrated their one year anniversary.
They got three and a half stars from the Sun Central Showtime dining review.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill is loaded with all kinds of fantastic mouthwatering dishes like mango plum salmon.
Amin Crusted Mahi Mahi.
Orange Honey Glazed Seabass and Craven Shriff Stupp Trout.
There's an incredible bar atmosphere too at the Gold Coast Seafood Grill.
Extensive wine and martini list.
Big martini's during Happy Hour are only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m.
Seven days a week.
So big.
You could probably maybe even a beast could take a bath in them.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill at Coral Springs 2752 North University Drive Inside the Beautiful Walk Shopping Center.
For reservations and more information.
Call 9-5-4-255 Fish.
As in, squish the fish.
You can dive inside or outside and large parties and private functions are welcome too.
Experience the best kept secret and lunch and dinner dining in all the South Florida.
It's the fantastic Gold Coast Seafood Grill at Coral Springs 2752 North University Drive Inside the Walk Shopping Center.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill where you always find great seafood and great prices to go along with it.
We're sports radio five season QAM.
Fence of power manure covers over this performance by the golf team.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill at Coral Springs 2752 North University Drive Inside the Walk Shopping Center.
The Gold Coast Seafood Grill at Coral Springs 2752 North University Drive Inside the Walk Shopping Center.
There are the grounds that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders there that Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Don't bet on them, you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block.
Their coaches ought to tell them to put their day in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami.
And they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mone and gripe and bitch shirt.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
I hear the crowd beat into boo.
The dolphins have faith feedler that quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a Super Bowl you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcised and there.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Jake calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high-zinga, zugly face and there.
The Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins number.
Oh what the hell.
Thirty-two.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Miami Dolphins.
Now they're through.
Oh.
All right.
1121 at 560 WQIM.
You know as every time in the last hour how many years now?
About 30, man.
Actually it is, isn't it?
Since 72, 73.
About 30 years.
Every time there's one of these games it's like a must game for the dolphins.
Like the Patriot game up in New England that was a must game, right?
Yep.
Because the Patriots had already wrapped up the division but for the dolphins it was a must game.
They lost.
The Eagles game on Monday night.
It was a must game.
They lost.
It's always the same.
Every year it's always that here's the comes to the big game.
This is the moment.
Forget about everything that happened before in the season.
This is a must game and usually it's pretty inversing.
That's how it's surprised.
They put a pretty good battle against the Eagles against a far superior team.
But you know it still comes out a big L in the standings.
A big loss.
How is the Mark Eisenberg doing?
Is he going to be reporting in with us?
Actually we don't need to.
I mean he's not going to be selling no best of the deal.
Is he?
Is he going to try?
Hopefully.
He'll try.
He's got the best of the emerging.
Nice.
He's got our CDs.
The best stuff.
2002, 2003.
Or is it the other way around?
Whatever the hell it is.
Hey, last night I got a hundred bucks last night.
For what?
From the out in pointin.
How about you, Pern?
I was out there with Joe.
What language is he speaking based on?
Galic.
That's what Duff wanted from him.
Galic.
So you got a hundred bucks.
Nice going, Josh.
That's the other hundred.
I don't know what the total is because Miguel is too busy with their dash and Doreen.
Doreen is not in the building though.
She's been.
You should see Miguel running around the building like his heads cut off.
You can't hold it.
Yeah.
Oh, we're going to have to take that off the key chain if that O's guy gives us the O's
job would at Bill.
That Bill by the way, he's got two chances none and much, much less than none.
You asshole.
Representative O's.
That's something good to say about Jesse Jackson.
Mark it down.
Jesse Jackson marches to protest drug sweep.
Well, there he is always exploiting every situation making into a racial fang.
I wonder if it only would have been white kids at that school.
You think he'd have been there?
No.
No.
Nor Charlton South Carolina.
The Reverend Jesse Jackson led hundreds of marches carrying signs and chanting slogans yesterday
to protest a drug sweep in which police, with guns drawn ordered students to the floor, we
talked about that story extensively on a show and by now you must have seen those pictures
many, many times.
But third man.
Critics say the way it appeared to have targeted black students which police have denied.
See, it's a racial fang.
You've been able to write a lot of white kids.
Didn't you see them pictures?
Feast?
I never actually saw them though.
You never saw the st- and first they had those grainy pictures, you know, from the surveillance
cameras.
Then CNN somehow got a lot better quality pictures than even had the audio.
What do we want?
Justice.
When do we want it now, Canada marches, just say no to the police state, red one sign.
Excellent.
Police state.
We're not talking only about in South Carolina.
We're talking about in the USA.
We got a freaking police state.
We got the word police.
Oh, John Ascrop got fined for, we'll get to that for his last campaign for the Senate in
which he lost to a dead man.
John Ascrop's a getting his ass deeper and deeper into trouble speaking of assholes.
We're going to march again and again and again, Jackson, till those who rally in front
of City Hall, they'll get bigger and bigger until there is fairness in the land.
Said Jesse.
Now, which daughter do we like the most?
Jesse's daughter or that one from a strummed thirmin?
The November 5th rate on my birthday, and unless they got some stink in her with strapped
for the high nearby goose creek, due national attention after video from surveillance camera
showed students ordered to the floor while officers with guns and a drug dog searched
them.
About a hundred students were searched.
No illegal drugs were found and nobody was arrested.
Besides denying any racial profiling, police have said they believed aggressive tactics
were needed to ensure the safety of the officers and other students.
I mean, somebody might have pulled out a joint and shot somebody with it, right?
Two civil suits related to the rate have been filed in federal court.
State and federal officials are investigating whether any criminal laws were broken by
the police.
The cops burst into the school or the main hallway very aggressively and started pointing
their guns at everyone as if they were criminals.
Stratford Freshman, Carl Alexander, told the crowd.
But senior Tony, Tory Richardson fought back tears as she spoke.
She said it hurts.
My sister still has to go through that school.
I don't want to go through the same thing that happened.
I want anybody else's kids to go through the same thing she said.
As Jesse Jackson is there leading hundreds of protests at Stratford High in South Carolina,
as fascism in America continues once more.
Man, it's a frightening thing to see that.
As they're goose stepping all around, the brown shirts would air helmeted a bunch of
helmeted freaks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Don't forget Mark Eisenberg is out there someplace.
I think we ought to start sending Scott Jr.
out just in the van, you know?
No.
No, not to any place in particular.
Just drive it around and see if he can find like a spot.
You know what I'm going to explain to us where he is?
He's a lost soul.
WQAM.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, I, a couple of things of a medium elephant, you know, was fired.
Yeah.
It definitely was racially motivated.
Have she been white?
She would have kicked her fat ass out of there a long time ago.
That's a good point.
That's right.
That was racially motivated.
That's right.
That's right.
That's right.
The other thing, I have a very good idea about Saram Hussein.
Let's clean up the guy, putting back in power and have him some lot of oil.
You know, make us promise not to invade the gangsters in Saudi Arabia in Kuwait.
And somehow when he pays back with the oil money, what we spend on the stupid war, make
it sure he doesn't get into the hands of Hollywood and Cheney and Bush gang.
Yeah, well, you know that ain't couldn't happen.
Yeah.
Okay, have a great day, pal.
Is that going to, you know, that's why that ain't never going to happen.
I had it.
Oh, and of course Diane Sawyer, how come we didn't get any calls yet about the president's
interview that sparkly marshmallow toss with Diane Sawyer.
I saw about two minutes of that.
Then I went back to my hockey game.
That was pathetic.
Hey, Diane, you're pathetic.
No wonder it was Diane Sawyer that said, in fact, didn't she answer that to the president
too?
Can you describe to us just how smelly the hole is?
Seriously, and he said, don't talk about kind of leaves like that.
I'm not in law.
Is this for 20 or twice a year?
You weigh in.
But I was going to play there because here comes Strom Thurman's biracial daughter.
She's 78 years old.
You watching this?
Uncertainly not news network.
That's a woman.
We're the news stuff.
That's bad.
That's a family may Washington Williams.
My daughter, a strong man.
My name is Essie May Washington Williams.
Oh, right.
My mother, who is now deceased, was named Carrie Butler.
And she worked for the Thurman family.
I was born in Akin, South Carolina, on October 12, 1925.
My father's name was Strange, Strom Thurman.
About six months after I was born, my aunt Essie, at the whom I was named, took me to Pennsylvania.
When her sister, Mary Washington, came to Pennsylvania, she took me with her to Coatesville, a small town near Philadelphia.
She and her husband, John Washington, adopted me.
They were very good parents to me and for that, I will be eternally grateful.
I attended the public schools in Coatesville until I graduated from Scott High School.
Following my graduation from high school, I enrolled at South Carolina State College
upon the recommendation of my father.
There I majored in business education.
After my second year in college, my husband, Julius Williams, he was in his second year in the newly open South Carolina State College law school.
He was one of the first graduates from the law school.
My husband and I were blessed with four wonderful children.
This could be the most boring crap I've ever put on your in my life.
Sorry, Elsie, Mary, whatever your name is.
Don't you think?
I need a flow chart to follow those family lines.
Yes, she's doing the old family tree is what she's doing.
What did she say?
She was kind of the Julius Irving, something like that.
Irving Thalberg?
I don't know what Thalaba was.
It sounded like a Jew thing to me.
Anyway, there's the Elsie May and she's the daughter of Strom Thurman and she's 78 years old.
And her mother was a 16-year-old maid at the time that Strom knocked her up and the yada yada yada.
What a disgrace, man.
Now, here's the fact that says, I demand, demand.
Not request, I demand that you stop talking about the dolphins.
I listen to your show Howard Spurm Rush, Schmidt, all of the non-sport shows to your entertaining, not entertaining, but entertaining and info.
Stop doing that, you bastard.
Love, Craig and Miami.
Okay, Craig and Miami won't talk about the dolphins, but here's the weather for Buffalo for Sunday.
Just in general, not because there's any game going on there.
It doesn't look like no snow.
There might be some snow Friday and Saturday over the weekend, not a lot.
It's no showers.
But Sunday, cloudy, high 36, low 21.
So the weather will not be an excuse it doesn't look like.
The excuse will be, of course, that it's a must game and it's December.
Put those two together when you got a bad scenario.
That's an off-crag and Miami, you're right.
Enough with that crap.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
They showed a picture of Astralum Firmament when he was still alive just barely.
Going into a limo, just aching and bacon and quaking.
Look at that.
Look at that. Look on his push.
It's your life.
Those around here.
Oh my God.
Yeah, it's not.
M-m-m-m-m-m-m-m.
Hello.
What is a 14th still in his push?
What a piece of crap, man.
But in America, you just can't say the truth.
You have to pretend he was just a great American and a great old senator and a good old boy.
You know?
W-E-Q-I-M.
Oh, I have a meal.
Yes, sir.
Good morning.
Good evening.
Me too.
Ah, you're a belly.
Oh, boy.
W-E-Q-I-M.
Hey, you know.
That's Dave Friedman.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
Pretty good.
Listen, speaking of the dolphin, thank God for that.
And he came back this year with a vengeance.
Can you imagine what storefront next year?
What does that mean?
Oh, my God.
Are the promos at the beginning of the year?
They're going to have an awesome year and go put it to turn out to me.
Yeah.
So what are-
But aren't you getting used to it?
Oh, I mean, I mean, a dolphin, I got it to this country in 1968.
Right.
Thank God I'm going back.
That's what we want to go back.
I told my son, thank God I've at least seen dolphins in championships because son,
I don't see you seeing any anytime soon.
No, no timing is lifetime, you're right.
Hey, Daniel, whatever happened to the thanks for calling, lady.
Oh, dead.
Is she good?
Yeah.
What a shame.
Yeah, she was one of our favorites.
Yes, she was.
Thanks for calling.
Thanks for calling.
See you in my little-
Have a great holiday, pal.
You're out of material.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon line.
We got some sex stories here.
China Jails 14 over Japanese orgy.
This is a story from a few days ago, actually, although the story is dated today,
but we came out a few days ago.
Two Chinese hotel workers were sentenced to life in prison yesterday or today.
For organizing a sex romp, involving hundreds of Japanese tourists in a case that had a raw nerve in China
and sparked public outrage.
I mean, this is a country with a billion people.
So somebody must be screwing somebody, right?
So there must be some kind of sex going on in China.
You would think so.
But they are so damn uptight, even representative oes of California.
That asshole even hid be a shock by this.
From other Chinese people were sentenced to prison terms of up to 15 years and polis-assed interpool
to help find three Japanese suspected of soliciting prostitutes for the orgy,
which coincided with the 70-second anniversary of the Starter Japan's occupation of China.
State media have said the sex-free in mid-September to five-star hotel in the southern province of Guangdong,
where you can't say that either.
Involved hundreds of Japanese tourists in Chinese prostitutes.
The scandal triggered outrage in China, where antagonism toward Japan has never been far below the surface.
Since millions were killed or wounded during about 14 years of Japanese occupation before and after and during WW2.
Twelve defendants received jail sentences from two to 15 years for organizing prostitution or assisting the organization of prostitution.
The case also lived in the disciplining of 15 officials with the police and tourism bureau for negligence of the province.
How do you like that? They are pretty pissed off and fared up that those amoral Japanese are coming in there screwing around with them people.
Speaking of amoral people, Bush said he could ban back-game marriage ban.
President Bush said yesterday he could support a constitutional amendment to ban game marriage.
Does one of that fag stuff going on? Now while he's at the head of the wheel, see at the head?
The Massachusetts Supreme Court last month struck down at state's ban on same-sex merit, saying it's unconstitutional and give me state lawmakers six months to craft away for gay couples to wed.
You ought to be pleased about that. You can move back to Massachusetts.
You in clearance? Clarence ever been in Boston?
Not sure.
You can show them the sights. You can take your ride on him or Paul Revere.
Bush's condemned the ruling before setting a support for a federal definition marriage as a solely man-woman union on Tuesday he criticized that as a very activist court in making the decision it made.
The court, I thought, overreached its bounds as a court, Bush said it did the job at legislature.
Previously, though Bush said he would support whatever is legally necessary to defend the sanctity of marriage, he and his advisors have shied away from specifically endorsing a constitutional amendment asserting that definition.
But on Tuesday, as in yesterday, the president waited deeper into the topic, saying state ruling such as the one of Massachusetts and a couple of other states undermined the sanctity of marriage and could mean that we may need a constitutional amendment.
They call the anti-faguminen.
If necessary, I will support a constitutional amendment that would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that he said.
The position of this administration is that whatever legal arrangements people want to make, they're allowed to make so long as it's embraced by the state or at the state level.
Bush said he believes his view on the topic does not make him intolerant. Right.
I do believe in the sanctity of marriage, but I don't see that as a conflict with being a tolerant person or an understanding person, he said.
His remarks do criticism from gay rights groups. It is never necessary to insert prejudice and discrimination in the Constitution, a document that is a proud history of being used to expand an individual's liberty and freedom, not take them away said, Winnie Stackelberg, political director of the Human Rights Campaign.
So you'll be pleased that I'll breathe easy. The president says whatever it takes to keep them feet on them, fags man, he's going to do it. Stop them down.
How's Mark Eisenberg doing out there at the town center in Boko?
I haven't got an update. Like I said, he's lost.
Live in local. We're sports radio 560s. You a.m.
Tonight, kick it tonight. Kick it tonight.
Buffalo, but we're going to kick it tonight. Jim Kelly by the columns.
Oi!
Oh,
much better.
You're supposed to be the space for me to be your inspiration, to be the star-day.
Hang on.
Oh, make it teniofe.
No tricks.
11.48.12.
Until noon at 5.60 WQAM Newsweek reports is an article by Christian Carroll, a little
piece of it.
Before the invasion, Iraq was one of the world's most tightly controlled societies.
Only a few specially licensed stores could sell booze.
In recent years, drinking was banned outright.
Others are aligning missing in hotels.
Except maybe, I don't know, there's a lot missing there.
A committee in the Ministry of Culture kept a strict watch against even mildly naughty
movies, magazines and films.
Convicted prostitutes could be beheaded.
Hardcore drug abuse was virtually unknown if you didn't count certain members of Sodom's
immediate family and their close friends.
Now Iraqis like Ali, and it's got this Ali character that the stories about, are making
up for what they've missed and many other Iraqis young and old are blaming America.
Some people say the spread of such things is designed to weaken our society, says Colonel
Dawood Selman, a police chief in one of Baghdad's robust districts, every day we hear from
people on the street not just the religious people, but ordinary people too.
Iraqis call it the bad side of freedom.
The problems go far beyond Baghdad's tailgate liquor bazaars where wild-cat shopkeepers
pedal booze from the back of cars, or the arrays of skin magazines unfold as play at the
teaming Bobby Sharjee market in the heart of town.
The war isn't the only growing number of visibly intoxicated people around the market, or
the pharmacopie of pills that are readily available there without prescription.
Maybe rushed and go to Baghdad.
Stock up on Somoxi.
What bothers many Iraqis, apparently even some of those who make their living from the
sin industry, is the question of where Iraq is headed.
Walk down the street from the market to the adult cinemas where 70 cents buys in all
day ticket, and the audience hoots in protest of a non-pornographic trailer interrupts the
action.
We have to compete with a satellite since the manager of one theater almost apologetically.
A third of the country's population is estimated to have access to pornographic TV channels
via satellite dish for those who don't enterprise in divas, record the footage on video
discs, and sell them for a pittance.
Under Sodom this would have been automatic six months in jails as a vendor who keeps ultra
ex-wares in a drawer for special customers at his video shop in Baghdad's Karada district.
Now, nothing will happen to us.
Antico-Zonic Red Line.
So in other words, they get more freedoms in Iraq than we got in the US, like that the
poor lady in Texas that we had the story on yesterday about who were a dildo or rest,
her sex toy arrest in Texas.
No, you've heard of Tex-Mex.
There's no Tex-Sex.
That's the problem.
Band in Texas.
Speaking of that, V8 at File Charge is against Jackson.
It's about time, isn't it?
They sure are dragon-isting out a lot.
Give us a look forward to.
Santa Barbara County prosecutor said they'll file charges in a molestation case against
Michael Jackson Thursday or Friday, and they've heard a public relations firm to handle
the expected crush of news media inquiries.
The charges will be filed at the courthouse in Santa Maria near the Singers Neverland Ranch,
district attorney Thomas Stedden said in the statement, Stedden's hiring a firm to deal
with the media drew immediate criticism from Jackson family spokesman Brian Otsman.
He said it was improper because the district attorney is supposed to try the case in court
not in the press.
Otsman also repeated criticism with Stedden for making jokes at a news conference last
month when Jackson's arrest warrant was announced.
It's in a front to common sense, if not professional ethics, for a DA to have a celebrity crisis
management team, which is what this new PR firm styles itself as Bing Otsman said.
He added, first we had a press conference where the DA told jokes and now we have a PR
firm, or the DA has hired that also represents the cartoon network.
A secretary at the DA's office said Stedden would have no further comment.
So tomorrow or Friday, I'm pretty sure it's going to be tomorrow.
Are two, can you smell it coming?
Are you there?
I'm here.
Are you awake?
He's got no, awful quiet.
Awful quiet like you're taking a snooze or maybe like you're eating.
Nope, I just had another shake though.
Yeah, bull crap.
It sounds like he got the shakes all right.
Justin, I not have another shake.
Yeah.
Yeah, in between the potato pancakes and brisket that the corkies said,
oh, that'd be good for Friday, if we could arrange that.
Corkies to bring some jufood.
Well, how are we going to arrange that?
I can't do it.
I can't do it by long long distance.
I'm sure it's good.
I can't do it by local.
I don't know.
I've been begging for it for you for two days.
They know I see them.
They know I'm not there.
So they're not going to bring you anything.
I'm going to give a crap about you.
And for a guy like Josh, they're going to bring him potato lockers.
You don't even know what the hell that is.
No, he doesn't.
No, he's got a clue what it is.
He probably like it though.
And Josh ran out in the hallway looking for help.
354 votes on the pool.
And of course, it's a good thing.
Clarence, they're this week because he would run into him.
He'd had to come back inside.
Talk about being cornered.
Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy?
That's our pool on NewRongers.com today.
Rush Limbaugh, illegal pill-popper.
He'll be on an eight minutes, by the way,
for the right wing.
I did it all heads out there.
Don't miss Rush, baby.
Yeah, phony baloney.
104, so he's the biggest hypocrite of all.
I'm so embarrassed that I put that lady on there
that what's her name?
Elsi May Schwartz.
That's our name.
Come on.
God, that was pathetic.
She looks like...
She looks just like Strom though.
Just like him.
I'm serious.
She looked exactly like him.
Racist, Strom Thurman, had fathered illegitimate black daughter 84.
Cook Boozhound George W. Bush lectures about morality 67.
Reverend Jesse Jackson fathers illegitimate child 33.
I think it's a racial thing, myself.
Jim Baker rips off his followers, turns out to be a pervert 32.
Jimmy Swagger, sins with hooker 17.
Philandre representative Henry Hyde lectures Clinton on morality 15.
And born again John DeBeeser van Beesbrook calls one of his players the gold tender acts that was a nigger 2 out of 354.
Grimmer voted twice.
He's not fooling me.
5670560, pound 56 on EAT&T.
And Verizon Marliss Linde.
Don't forget we had a little schedule change.
Mark it down for those who keep score at QM every day.
It is a sports station.
You have to keep score.
Booster at 2 today.
No mad dog.
He's a coolness, heels.
Booster will be a choos.
He can go watch him eat.
Booster lost a lot of weight.
He's kept it off.
He looks pretty good.
Good man.
And you can ask him in person before it goes on here.
Hey, Boot, what's the like to work with a dead man?
That's Dave Vanley.
Why do you say that?
Dave Van Horn is such a nice guy.
He's horrible.
He's brutal.
I don't care if he's a nice guy.
There's a lot of nice people.
You go out on a street corner right now and meet nice people.
Let us meet.
We ought to put him on the air to broadcast ball games.
Joseph Gekki is a nice guy.
He's horrible.
Great.
He's embarrassing.
I like to allow, but his perfor.
See, you can't separate.
That's the problem with you.
You can't separate the wheat from the chaff.
When your spat is you, are you a chaffer lot?
You probably have to put a lot of cashmere bouquet in your crotch area.
From all the chaffing, especially in the summertime.
The crow said he loaned you some of his.
Some of that cashmere bouquet that he bathed in.
No, but you can't separate the difference between somebody you like
and somebody who's got talent.
Do you see what I'm saying?
Now you have to, well, you won't have to because you won't do it.
You must admit, if you're going to be the least bit honest,
that Joseph Gekki is not a good play by playing outside.
I'm saying that so I'm being so diplomatic.
No, that can't that thing.
I want to respond to someone.
Verbiage, I want words.
Okay, so you won't do it because you just want to shoot him so hard.
I think Joe does a great job of what?
Doing the games.
Get out of here.
Now you're, is he got his legs and fingers and eyes crossed, Josh?
You've got to be kidding me.
Oh my, oh my!
You are so full of crap, man.
See, actually the beast isn't fat at all.
He weighs 150. The rest of it's all crap.
If you could ever get all the crap out of your body,
you'd weigh, like I said, 150 pounds, soaking wet.
All right, setting him aside.
A Dave Ann boring.
Now you've got to admit, the guy is just
coma inducing.
He doesn't inject even the slightest.
How do you compare Dave Ann boring, for example, with Boog?
When Boog is doing his innings in a game, whatever the hell he does,
how do you make that comparison?
I think Boog's a lot more enthusiastic.
Yeah, which is a backhanded way of saying that Dave is boring as hell.
He is coma inducing.
Why can't you just say it?
You know it's true.
You told me that before we went on the year this morning,
you said he's the most boring man on a radio in history.
Did you say that?
No.
Well, I just made it up.
I'm trying to put you up a little bit.
I'm trying to put you beyond the state.
You're just being another ass-licker, okay?
There's millions of ass-lickers out there in the Naked City.
Why do you want to be another one?
There's too many ass-lickers in this business.
Why can't you just tell them like it is?
Why can't you say he's a nice guy, but his work sucks.
Just like I say about Joe.
I don't think his work sucks.
I think he's professionally.
He does a decent job.
He's just not Mr. Excitement.
Oh.
God, you're hopeless.
You're a really hopeless.
56670560, the beast is a wimp.
The beast is a suckhole.
The beast has got his head way up in there.
In fact, maybe the beast has got his eyes on Dave's wife.
It's my life.
And look, this is Sports Radio 560.
Way to A.M.
At a Homeland Security Dom rage.
Advising you to put duct tape on your radio.
When I raise the warning color to Bink,
or the Neil Rogers 12-to-1 hour.
What the hell?
What the hell?
What the hell?
One pill makes you drowsy, my friend.
And it also makes you high.
It belongs my housemate gave me.
But it may be itchy all the time.
But go ask Wula.
You shall keep you well, surprise.
You need to put a bomb.
A pounding them hoop balls.
You billy, heron.
Bring me to a higher astral plane.
I can have a groom.
Grown to not get busted.
Thanks to my friends in a higher moral place.
Go ask Wula.
You'll get you some worse than a hand from a bird.
Balls.
I fight my supplicants and ready to build bulls up against the birds.
You will see another deceptor's friends.
Let's extract the gold out of their teeth and donate the proceeds to the RNC.
As a show of life support for our glorious leader.
And go ask Wula.
You'll get you through your show.
By putting logic out of proportion.
To justify your seeming hate.
Out my ass.
I'm talking backwards, my dear new head friends.
Look at my little bit, but look at the eyes.
Look at the three men.
What was limbaugh said.
All drug abusers should be dead.
This is for quite some time.
3035 60 WQM.
Happy holidays to you.
Booster for a mad dog at two.
The Humper the load at four from now.
Who gonna be a chulas.
I believe he is.
Who get chulas.
Hank the Humper in the studio.
I wonder when with Hank four to five.
Then you got your panther preview at seven.
I big game.
Anybody going to be there?
The Washington Crapidels man.
They really suck at the panthers.
That would be a good match.
730 tonight.
Maybe got a shot to win.
After the honky game, it's 80K and Joe and Mark over at night.
Two to five.
Tomorrow in Mark Eisenberg right now to win his toy drive.
To one o'clock at the Sears Park in Laud.
Town center mall in Bokeh.
He's got the best Neil stuff.
Where the many report yet?
No.
Yeah, he's got one toy.
For us?
No, for the drive.
Or for him.
You just pocketed 120 bucks.
Well, that's not too bad.
120 bucks.
I didn't expect nothing.
No, just one toy.
He's got one toy.
Oh, one toy.
I thought you said 120.
He's got one toy?
One toy.
No.
Man, I'll say that, Joe and Mark.
Even our goofball Scott Jr. yesterday, we got over 500 bucks for Band of Pei Rescue.
Joe and Mark, between the two of you guys, the problem is that their people are all sleeping right now.
See their audiences up two to five in the morning.
They're the night owls.
They're the degenerates.
Doing their drug deals.
Think a second around in the dark night.
Waiting sitting on the edge of their bed.
Waiting for most voice to come on.
Put them to sleep.
So that's not the right time of day.
They'd be out of being doing their things overnight, like late at night in the parking lot.
Sell some stereo speakers, things like that, and pick up some toys.
So they got one toy.
I thought you said 120.
One toy.
Oh, that's bad.
Anyway, I've done as much as I can for them.
Dean leads Democratic Pack in Pennsylvania holding bush under 50%.
See, this Jewelieberman man, this guy is really frosted in my big time.
I mean pissing me off.
Going on the all-out attack.
I mean, he occasionally mentions you know, Bush didn't have a plan.
Yadi, yadi, yadi, this and that.
But he's just trying to decimate Howard Dean because he's the, he's the a pimp now, Jewelieberman.
The reason him is the attack dog.
Great.
But the good news is Howard Dean is pulling ahead of the Democratic Pack among Pennsylvania voters
and is the only candidate to keep this is from the prestigious Boston Globe.
The only candidate to keep President Bush under the crucial 50% mark
occurred to a poll released only moments ago.
The Quinnipiac University poll shows Dean the former Vermont Governor holding a double-digit lead
over his closest Democratic rival in Pennsylvania, the nation's fifth largest electoral prize,
Dean gets 28%.
Compared to 17% for Jewelieberman.
Oy!
And 10% for Dick Getthart, only 10% in Pennsylvania like Dick.
Former General Weston, he, you know, Clark isn't doing much, you know, aren't you kind of surprised?
Yeah.
I thought he'd be doing like right up there.
I really don't know why because he had a lot of deli in South Florida.
He had some really good pastrami sandwiches.
One of them turned out to be encoder.
Former General Weston, Clark collected 9% Senator John Kerry's 7%.
He looks really scary, good old John Kerry.
Two months ago Dean held a mere 5% of the support.
Two months ago Dean had 5% and now he's got 28%.
Like a runaway freight train, a populist freight train is just running through America, baby.
How, hop on to Howard Dean Van Wagon.
No.
You don't?
I'm a carry guy.
And that's that Nassatuchus thingy and Zach.
Oh, just because he looks like his face has already been etched on Mount Rushmore.
Would a craggie push at his?
He's, he's nothing, man.
No, it's because I've met him before, son.
Oh, well, that, no, I'm going to vote for Greg Reed.
I met him.
In the race of the Democratic presidential nomination, Howard Dean, I'm going to vote for Microsenthal.
I met him.
I mean, that's got to be the most stupid thing I ever heard, Beast.
In addition, you see, you're, at least you're consistent.
You're consistently full of crap.
Like suck it up to Joseph Gackie.
I'm not talking about personally about talent.
Suck it up to Dave Van Boring and being like, I mean, you just, you know, you talk a good game.
But when push comes to shove, you know, when you really are giving the opportunity to open up that fat mouth of yours
and tell it like you really feel you can't do it.
You're, you're just too much of a wimp.
You pretend to be like Mr. Outrageous and Mr. O he's talking about Joe's contract and channel.
So, you know, all the inside stuff about it.
And you never did tell us the inside stuff about Mo.
This audience would lick your ass.
Well, no, anything.
You get some of those stories that you always used to come in and like zip your lip.
Oh, if you only knew, if you only knew how about that.
How about like after he fired me from a show when he called me on my cell phone and he accused me of telling all of his audience that he was a bad man
and they should call up his show and tease him.
He called you on his cell phone until he did that.
Yeah, he called me on his way home from the show one day, accusing me of like spreading bad PR about him that his audience turned on him because of me.
Howard from Bokeh.
Yeah, you should answer the phone.
Howard from Bokeh.
That's incredible.
So now you're redeeming yourself.
That's one little good tidbit.
That's excellent.
Keep thinking of some more of them.
We'll have a 80 share by the end of the day if you just start revealing news.
He called you on your cell phone and bitched you out and accused you of turning the audience against him.
Well, at least you got him off my ass anyway.
Briefly.
Anyway, Dean 28 in Pennsylvania,
Lieberman 17, Gibbhart, give or ten,
Wesley Clark, holding 9%, carry 7.
In the race with Democratic presidential nomination,
the Howard Dean, bad way,
and is starting to roll in Pennsylvania,
said Clay F. Richard,
the assistant director of the Hampton, Connecticut-based Quinnpea University Polling Institute,
La Insta Tuta.
Senator Lieberman and representative Gibbhart are holding on,
but Senator Clark and Senator Kerry are back in single digits,
he said.
Even more telling,
Dean would hold Bush to a 49 to 43% margin,
while a president would score 50% against Lieberman, Kerry, and Clark,
and 51% against Gibbhart in Pennsylvania, the poll shows.
But a slim majority of Pennsylvania voters are upset with the president
for rolling back Steve tariffs on steel imports earlier this month,
more than a year before it was said to expire,
the tariffs indeed, the Republican president,
the political allies,
what is it, politically key rust-built states including Pennsylvania,
but now he's up to us.
So there you go.
Dean is doing well in Pennsylvania.
He's way ahead, 23.8, no ham sure.
He's going to do a damn good in Iowa, maybe even win it.
And Lieberman says he wants to do good in South Carolina, Arizona,
and some other gracious state.
I mean, who the hell is he kidding?
How many Jews out there, those three states put together?
About 30 men.
They're going to vote for Jew Lieberman. Who the hell is he joking?
I got a great story, a great article about George Soros,
one of my favorite people in the world, who is now even more,
one of my favorite people.
First of all, he's got a lot of money, maybe hello to me some.
This is a great article from Cybercast News Service,
Cnsnews.com.
George Soros, atheism fuels conservative rage.
I love it.
I'm going to read this. It's long.
Do I have your permission to do it?
Go ahead.
I'm not going to do it right now, because I'd have to interrupt myself.
Well, here's one you can relate to, 50 cent.
50 cent.
What are your kind of people?
I guess your words don't like that kind of music, though.
He doesn't like the thug music.
Yeah, I don't either. I hate it.
I don't like the thug music.
I don't like the whole concept, the whole ambiance,
the whole gangster rap, the whole gangster thing, you know.
That's right. I forgot it's a racial thing.
I thought it was a gangster thing.
I thought gangster'd be bad.
It shows you how I'm way out of it.
Rapper 50 cent recently accepted a video music award with his mentor, M&M.
He isn't acting when he raps about murder and mayhem in videos like many men.
In real life, 50 was shot nine times.
Did you know that?
How many times?
Yeah.
Thanks, Robert.
He survived to make monster hits like Inda Club.
Now he's getting hit with a barrage of lawsuits over his posse's allegedly violent behavior.
What's your posse?
That's what I told SCRUAN.
I do every day.
The music video actor, Jamar Isom, is filed a lawsuit against 50 cent real name Curtis Jackson.
Charging the rapper's bodyguard struck him in a face with their fists.
While there was at Raleigh Studios in Manhattan Beach to make a 50 cent video.
Jamar said he had photos taken of his injury shortly after the beating.
And in this police report, a witness confirmed the attacks.
By the way, speaking of photos at a beating, what ever happened to those Michael Jackson photos
that were supposed to be germane to the case?
Remember how he was abused by the police?
How come he didn't see those?
Don't know.
Anyway, this guy says he was the guy just rushes me and tackles me in all five, six guys.
Just come on top of me.
Oh boy, the beast is getting excited about here and then.
Squirt, squirt.
Just stop and me kicking me my head, just punching me.
I couldn't do anything.
Isom says it happened after we told her to go to wardrobe to thug up for a part in the video.
Thug up.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
Ha ha ha.
He says he was waiting for his costume with several other extras when 50 cent bodyguards told him to stand back.
Implying 50 cent was in wardrobe when they were too close.
Isom insists they politely comply but says guards chose to attack him moments later anyway.
Isom's lawsuit is the latest in a stringer complaint.
Say limo drivers also suing 50 cent.
Charging the rapper's bodyguards attacked him after he picked him up in his limo and Alabama,
with or without a banjo on his knee.
And even the surgeon who treated 50 cent's bullet wounds three years ago was sued,
charging unpaid medical bills.
Now this suit demands 50 cent also paid a medical bills.
Demars says he racked up after his beating.
Demars says I've worked with a lot of people I've never had a problem.
He says the beating left him with lingering pain smashed his career.
He finds himself being shut out of the music video business.
He says they blackballed me from the business and I'm just the innocent guy here.
They blackballed and it's not like a play on words to me.
Court allow this is the story that Dave the cop was foaming at the mouth of out and faxed me yesterday.
And it does have a good point.
This shows you how faxistic it's becoming.
The Supreme Court issued a traffic warning on Monday beware of with whom you ride.
If drugs are found in a vehicle all occupants can be arrested.
The justice is set in a unanimous 9-zip decision.
It was a victory for Maryland in 20 other states who argued police frequently find drugs and traffic stops.
But no one in the vehicle claims them.
The court gave officers to go ahead to rest there.
But like if they stopped the beast on the way home and they found a pin joint in his anstray,
he could say, oh, that's mose. He left it in there.
Right?
Yes.
Always blame it on mose.
Absolutely.
In a small space like a car an officer could reasonably infer a common enterprise among a driver and passengers.
The justices ruled.
The case stem permanence in 1999 when police involved a more suburb full over speeding car.
A search revealed a role of cash in a glove compartment and cocaine in the arm rest in the back seat.
The driver and two passengers do not have anything to do with a contraband.
So all three men were arrested.
So don't be driving with anybody who's like a drugie.
Don't be driving with them.
I just mentioned that for when George comes back.
1213 at 560 WQM if your hair is gone.
Like the beast you've got a choice you can look like the beast or you can look like mose with a silly a musk red on your head.
Or you can look like a munch.
You look like a real human being with a real full head of hair.
How do you do that?
All you do is make one simple phone called a Chuck Alphierry and check out his natural hair line system.
The best in the universe at any price which is why even a millionaires the smart guys go to Charlie.
Because they don't want to look like a silly goose.
They don't want to have people laughing or ass off at their nasty looking phony piece.
Because Charlie's natural hair line system would call it that because it looks guess what?
Natural like real hair grown out of your scalp as opposed to an animal that crawled up on your head and decided to take a rest.
And you get everybody gets 30 day guarantee from Charlie.
How many?
About 30 men.
Nothing to lose but that bald spot because after 30 days if you don't know the way it looks and feels and smells.
If you're not getting late at least 15 20 30 40 times today return it for a full refund.
And you also get 200 bucks off the regular price for mentioning that old Neo told you to call when you call Charles Alphierry.
Call him today.
They'll sit your ass down.
Show you just how much better and younger they can make you guys look.
Call 1 800 321 24 13.
That's 1 800 321 24 13.
Or for more info go on to his world famous website Charles Alphierry dot com.
My life and local this is for 30 by 60.
You way yeah.
Get me fired up when I hear someone say that.
Oh this one fast you send me is this terrible.
About to double play we'll get to it.
654 double play.
Look out now.
Police got my part.
Oh yes and I had quite a lot.
Police got my.
Police got my.
But that's all right with me because it was sprayed with battered.
All right.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas when it's spooky all of my part.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas when it's spooky all of my part.
Police got my.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
While they're smoking, while they're my boys.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
While they're smoking, while they're my boys.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
While they're smoking, while they're smoking, while they're my boys.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
I want to wish them a Merry Christmas.
Here is a fact that says this is from Jim, who is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
He is very tidy with his words.
The first and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second and the second
was heard and the budget was referred to and plans, budget is remaltering and payments, financing payments, secondary aspects, strategic owned rules, the companies, the companies, the companies, and the money of their own and the money of their own people.
So many businesses, consumers, consumers, the companies, the companies, stews, the companies, the company, the companies, the companies, the industry just go to the works that they forward, they put the product that was transferred to the accounting system and pay and volumes
from the technical system and browse the accounting machine, they put the product in the accounting machine and search system to pickup anorrow and a company that royatively
records all off from the pursuit of the advertising industry that was the plugging machine and itshiw
was forced to tax membership that was  true and buy in the market to fund and the company that was happily monthly into the aviation industry that wasuzened to the  all
director of the Culture and Family Institute and concerned women for America.
But he seems determined to turn the world upside down and replace morality with immorality.
For much of his life, Sauros shy away from public attention.
It wasn't until after his quantum fund became a huge success on Wall Street that he began to devil in philanthropy at about the age of 50.
As a child and teenager, Sauros was profoundly shaped as a Jew living in Nazi occupied Hungary.
His father, Tividar, protected George's mother, Eris Bet, and brother Paul by obtaining false identities for them.
At 14, George assumed the identity of a Christian was separated from his parents.
I would say that's when my character was made, Sauros said in the 60 minutes interview in 1998.
A biography of Sauros by former New York Times reporter Michael D. Cuffman detailed the experience.
When George was six years old, his father changed the family name from Schwartz to Sauros to protect the family from the threat of Nazi policies targeting Jews.
After surviving the threat of Nazism, Sauros's parents had to endure a Soviet-led communist takeover of Hungary, the eventually fled the country and united with George and his brother in America.
While these experiences shaped Sauros as an individual, he grew fond of the open society philosophy while studying at the London School of Economics.
Dera's scholar named Carl Popper would become Sauros's mentor and influence his thinking of open societies.
According to Copman's biography, Sauros was born a Jew but only began to take an interest in religion when he was about 12 years old.
He had a varmitspo year later. Several of Sauros' relatives became Christians but as time wore on, Sauros' own faith in a higher being faded.
In a 60 minutes interview, Sauros admitted he was not religious and did not believe in God.
I'll pause there and do the break because we believe in commercials, don't we?
We believe in making cash. That's our God, a QAM.
Absolutely.
From 27 to QAM, it's that time of the year again, a lot of pain in the ass of people coming by to visit you, relatives, family, friends, strangers, whoever.
And they're going to mess up your carpets in your whole house. By the time they leave, you're going to wonder what hell do I do now.
I'll tell you the smart thing to do. Call my good friends and drive concepts right after the first of the year and have them dry clean your carpets.
That's right, not dry clean your clothing, but the same idea. They dry clean your carpets that sucks out the deep down dirt way in the fibers of your carpet.
Make some look brand new, stay cleaner longer and last longer too. They dry in a couple of hours, they smell them any fresh and believe me when I tell you, they look just like brand new.
I've had the news dry concepts in my house for over 20 years. Trust me when I tell you.
And if you call today, be sure to ask our friends and drive concepts to put you understand, by list, which could save you 15% extra.
I'll be already reasonable price of the job, which they do a phenomenal job every time that I guaranteed written price, which they give you that guarantee upfront before they start doing the work.
So when holidays are over when the smoke clears and the dust as well, have your carpets and everything in the house looking just like brand new with our good folks and drive concepts.
Call us today tool free 1-800-248-5071. That's 1-800-248-5071 or check them on our wicked worldwide web at dryconcepts.com.
Find a local, this is 5-6-6.
Use all your stuff to clean!
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
I'll be sure to check them on our website.
Nice bond, Mark.
Like I said, we don't know anything about Joe and Mark.
We have no idea who they are.
Getting back to my George Soros story.
His feelings about Israel generally run counter to traditional Jewish thought
and his new book, The Bubble of American Supremacy.
Soros takes his swipe at Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sherone,
whom he blames as much as Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat
for the violence in the Middle East.
Purpose traders are now in charge on both sides.
Soros wrote, and he's right.
At a Jewish funder's network appearance in November,
Soros remarks on Israel and anti-Semitism
through an angry response from the anti-deformation league,
but that controversy died down after critics looked at the full context
of his comments, said Michael Vaishon Soros Aide.
Sheldon, Louis Sheldon of Noxious Head of the Traditional Valuues Coalition,
remained critical of his views on Israel.
He said Bush's strong alliance with Israel
could partly explain Soros' desire to see the President defeated next year.
Vaishon disagreed and noted that Soros' proud of his Jewish heritage,
he said the attacks from conservatives are unwarranted,
adding that Soros is done more good for people in the world
than most critics realize.
The notion that somehow George Soros is an immoral character
as so preposterous Vaishon said,
one doesn't even know how to begin the answer
such a ludicrous charge.
It's an outrageous claim when you look at the record of the man's life
and what he's done.
A former consultant to Soros Foundation,
David Rife, said conservatives appear to be holding Soros
to a double standard.
Rife compared Soros to Richard Mellon's scafe,
a wealthy conservative who has funded projects frequently criticized by liberals
and who is the man behind the scenes at the Fudge Report, by the way also.
He's putting his money where his mouth and as far as the conservative
described, where I've said apparently they can dish it out,
but they can't take it.
Like good capitalists, they thought it was the right of rich people
to fund the activities that they believed in.
Americans needed to be fully informed about Soros and Robert McGinnis,
a former vice president of the Family Research Council
of the Altar-Wing Family Research Council,
who researched Soros philanthropy while working there.
Soros has put his money where his beliefs are,
and that's American Way McGinnis said,
their radical in my estimation,
but he certainly has made a valid effort across the globe.
You had a citizen need to be wary of the fact that he's embracing
a pro-drug anti-life agenda.
The Capital Research Center, which tracks the philanthropist
like Soros fund at the Open Society Institute,
has a pattern of giving to liberal groups that support drug legalization,
youth and Asia, immigrant entitlements, and feminism.
There's a consistent thread through everything he does to John Curle,
editor of the Center's Organization Transit Foundation Watch.
He's a devout secular ideologue.
Vashon ignores that Soros is a secularist.
He also said the billionaire could handle the attacks from conservatives,
but Vashon said Soros concerns extent beyond Bush.
He believes the concept of an open society in the U.S. is threatened.
He's giving money to a group that wants to see the incumbent Republican president
defeated the next election, Vashon said,
a lot of people are going to attack him. He's hardly surprised by it.
You go, George. Nice going, baby.
Good man.
And he's also not a reliable crap.
And he likes a little deli once in a while.
He probably likes a good pastrami on Rai, maybe some Kiski.
Maybe some potato lock is it for this time of the year.
Maybe even some of the Kiski candy.
How come we, what's the difference between,
between kosher candy for Hanukkah and the Kiski candy?
There you go, for Passover.
Don't know, do you?
It's all about the East.
Now seriously, there's no East in Kiski.
What's the, well, now maybe you're right.
Get out of here. There's no East like in hard candies.
Almost had me suck it in there for a second.
I don't know what that's all about.
Just another Jew thing.
Beard in Sodom, Bearded Sodom doll for sale,
barely 24 hours after capture.
Gotta get yours.
In fact, maybe the Panthers want to get some people in that game tonight.
I see it worked really good with that, with that rumor,
Denise doll, that Bobblehead doll.
They allegedly had 15,000 plus for that.
I might feel okay, I'm on a Saturday night,
when they were giving out the Bobblehead dolls.
Maybe you could answer me that question.
Why is it that people who say that the tickets are too expensive
or they don't have any interest or the team sucks?
Why is it when they give away those free Bobblehead dolls that they have big crowds?
Because they're collector items.
I see.
Especially those floppy hats from the Mullins games.
Mm-hmm.
Gotta have yours.
Anyway, Americans can now buy a heavily bearded doll of the defeated dictator.
The doll comes complete with a shaggy beard and an ace of spades t-shirt
a reference to the US most wanted dick.
The side admits that first you might not recognize this action figure.
US soldiers didn't recognize him either with his ratty hair and wild beard.
The website also has an action figure of Sodom with a mustache,
which can be fitted with SNN gear in extra charge.
The creator of the Sodom doll reportedly said it may have a voice of its own in the future.
Then I'll cost, guess what?
Bob Dirtman!
Can be purchased online at www.herobuilders.com.
Gonna get yours?
No.
Come on.
Herobuilders.com.
Let me say it again and don't interrupt.
Herobuilders.com.
Not for you.
Maybe we got some people out there with a sense of humor.
It would make kind of a neat gift, huh?
Anyway, Phil and Muggets says I was eating lunch today almost puke
while reading an article by the obnoxious right when he's scumbag Kathleen Parker
on the opinion page of the scum sentinel.
This asshole wrote how ungrateful Gourwaz to Jewelieberman for his endorsement of Howard Dean
and added this bizarre paranoid delusion.
A. To exact revenge on Clinton, as to why he did it.
Exactly revenge on Clinton, B. Gourwaz Dean because Dean can get Gourwaz Supreme Court nomination
or position in Dean's cabinet as a vice president?
What?
A position in Dean's cabinet as vice president where he's gonna be VP again, right?
Gourwaz setting himself up for the 2008 presidential race or D.
Lieberman was an upsteadied moral man and an outspoken critic of Bill Clinton's mirrored vagrancies.
She continues belly aching about how Gourwaz betrayed Jewelieberman.
I think Ms. Parker has been popping oxy-contin with Rush or maybe just sniffing Rush's ass.
That would do it, Phil.
That would do it. Smell that smelly old.
Correct him.
Wonder why he lost all of that weight in his hearing when you think we have any ideas about that?
Rush?
Al Fax is and says,
Israel's free to choose her course but America needs a Middle East policy made in the USA not until a paper at APAC or AEI.
President Bush and restate US support for the survival of Israel but also registered America's discussed
with Sherones duplicitous policy of creeping annexationism.
I like that.
And repression while talking of peace.
Do you ever hear that word before annexationism or maybe just annexation?
Sherones have been told to vacate every settlement and not post put up since Bush took office and tear down any part of his new wall that encroaches on the land of the coming nation of Palestine,
else American aid stuff.
Yeah, I don't understand what they're waiting for on that.
You like that three billion a year? Well guess what? Cut the crap.
Okay. Cut the crap now or bye bye.
But instead what do they get all the crap you can unwrap.
That's right. That's all we get.
And some peace of the candy.
Not even a right holiday.
20 to one at five sixty. Happy Chinooka from all your guys, your friends at WQM or only the host their Jewish. Some of them.
We have a couple of token, Goya Monier. We got Joe Rosen here.
Jocs and Jews man.
We got the mad dog.
How big your pardon?
Jocs and Jews.
Jocs and Jews. That's what mad dog always says. Jocs and Jews.
Oh right.
And there's the big O.
Jocs using token sticks.
Well, we got the big O into Jorge.
We try to pacify everybody.
And of course we did have the crow for a little while, but the crow flew away.
19 to one at five sixty WQM.
Hey, it's a great time.
A year gift giving family all of these things.
Great food. But a lot of people hate to crowded malls along register lines.
The traffic, the parking hassle.
So this year make your gift giving a little easier for you.
And the ones you love.
It gives you a certificate from Dottomatrus.
Call them today.
1-800-Matrus and give the gift of you thanking you for a year in and year out.
And night in and night out.
Dottomatrus got gift certificates in any nomination.
Lutheran Methodist Presbyterian Jews for Jesus.
And a new bed for the Master bedroom makes a perfect gift.
You'll both enjoy it for years.
And you wonder why a Josh, uh, Claret's Darrow is out today.
Well, I'll tell you.
Because he and the beast have been enjoying that new King Quilm after some Dottomatrus
so much the last couple of nights.
Absolutely plum warm out.
That's what I heard.
Called me a staff noon said.
I just can't keep it up no more.
I'm going to crawl out of the bed and hide tonight.
Dottomatrus, no phony promises, no bait and swish just discount prices every day in the top
brands in the world, including now, Stearns and Foster Hewitt.
Dottomatrus has got the lowest prices in the world on Stearns and bananas Foster.
And when you call Dottomatrus 1-800-Matrus, you know how it works.
You still pick the day in time for delivery.
Any day, seven days a week, when you like them to show up, eight a.m. to 10 p.m.
You have a two-hour window and guess what?
They'll be there.
Honor sales practices fantastic service, unbeatable and everyday low prices, same-day delivery,
free set of removal, all of these things.
Make it a piece of cake to see by Dottomatrus is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
So for, like I said, so for service, you only dream about, see I'm getting tongue-tied
because it's almost lunchtime.
Do what I always do and everybody else at QM started to do now.
Called Dottomatrus, the betting experts at 1-800-Matrus, 1-800-MATTRES, or online,
find them at macriss.com.
Happy holidays from the good folks at Dottomatrus.
We're sports radio fights at UAM.
Were you fudge-packing?
Fudge-to-loom-ing.
I got the squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt, squirt!
Got the yuck in squirt!
I've been hurt, I've been chipped, will be chipped, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do, do
go to, go to, bungee, bungee bungee deployed with Prince Edward.
I'm a big red ring.
Welcome.
I got this one.
I got this one.
I got this one.
I got this one.
By the way, I should have played it last week.
Like one of our good facts just sages I was wondering if you were shifting off theschrertedeth of Keith Magnuson.
andram villuvjung keep megresson will try to be a little too much.
maple gerber
Keith Magnuson is dead in Rob Rammage being charged with the DUI.
May go to jail as for as long as life.
Former Maple Leaf captain Rob Rammage was one of the last players by the way to play without a helmet.
Did you know that? I bet you didn't.
I did.
You did?
Sure.
Who was the last player in the NHL to play without a helmet?
I'll even give you his initials.
CM.
Craig.
Craig McTavish.
There you go. Very good.
Let's hear it for the bass.
All right.
He's a little help.
I'm sitting here.
Are you a bro or an oiler?
Yes. I'm sitting here during the break and I'm thinking about that story you told about Mo.
And it's just slowly sinking in.
See, this should give the audience a better perspective, a better understanding of the kind of creature.
I would say person, but that would be like a really an insult to all persons.
The kind of creature that we're dealing with, you know what I mean?
Absolutely.
Because everybody, and this is a cantankerous old man.
When you think of the word cantankerous, you think immediately of Mo.
Everybody who rubs him the wrong way, which of course is everybody in the world sooner or later.
He's got a call like Joe Rose with that famous call.
Or you.
He's called Hank.
The Humper.
Yes, more than a more than one occasion.
The Allowed.
Never called me though.
And that's a good idea.
Good thinking Mo.
Do not be calling me ever.
Let me give him your number.
Well, you know, I'll tell you, no, do not.
Under penalty of death.
You know what he would hear right away as soon as I recognize his voice?
Yeah.
The watch the charge.
Feed out tone.
That's what he'd hear.
I mean the idea.
And I just, I'm trying to imagine in my mind the tone of the call.
In other words, when it started, you answer your phone.
This is on your cell phone.
But I was taking an app one day.
Right.
And the phone rings.
And I didn't recognize the numbers.
So I figured I'd pick it up because who knows who it could be.
And I hear him in his car.
And he's telling me that I've single hand.
No, wait a minute.
How did the call start?
What did he say?
Did he sound hostile right off the bat?
Oh, yeah.
Without an app.
Yeah.
I mean, he always sounds hostile.
Did he say this is Mo?
No, he didn't use that term.
And he continued to say that I had single handily turned his audience on him
that when I'm out and about, when I'm at Keynes Games,
I tell everyone that he's an asshole and that they shouldn't listen to him.
And they should call him up and call him an idiot and all the stuff.
That all the bad nuggets that listen to his show and call in are all my fault.
Really?
Yeah.
So in other words, the idea that he's an asshole is something that you planted in everybody's mind.
As opposed to everybody perceiving that from his behavior last year and a half at QAM.
It's the beast fault.
Yeah.
And then I still say that they were he tried actually after trying to get me
candid to throw my career and trying to get George Kim and all the other crap that he pulled behind the scenes.
To think that he was going to like, oh, my new best friend, I'm QAM, Neil Roddbobo.
And because he couldn't take on me and Joe at the same time.
No.
But I will say, pound for a pound now.
He is doing a much bigger chore, taking on me and the load.
The tot and the load in the afternoon.
Taking us both out at the same time.
So pound for pound, he's really bitten off probably more than he can chew if he catch my drift.
Oh, yeah.
Man.
So, and of course, if we throw you into the mix, my God.
He's got that food that you want for next 10 to 10 years.
The old Moe Meister.
We hate you, Moe like poison.
And you are an asshole and everybody knows it, including all the people you work for before you came to QAM.
Nice higher Greg.
Nice higher.
Boy, this Greg read what he's done to this station.
People are on death row for less than what he's done to us.
But we still keep plugging away.
How's that pool coming?
Which of these was the greatest act of hypocrisy?
It's good pool.
Ain't it?
Yeah.
And if we get a couple more votes, it'll be 500 on there.
I like, I want to click it.
I want to refresh it.
What do you got?
What number you got on your thing?
I'm on 495.
Oh, I got 498.
So I'm ahead of you.
We need two more votes to get to 500.
I will not read the result till we get to 599.
I get 499.
499?
Also, I found out from the beast before to show this morning that Robert Creeper still has his job
because he's got naked pictures of Greg and Scruan.
Let's see, 498.
How come I got only 498?
Let me refresh it one more time and it better be over 500 right now.
I'm going to be really pissed off.
If it's not over 500, now I'm going to play comedy bits between one and two.
Of course, even if it is.
What do we got?
499.
Right on the edge of it.
When you people get with it, which of these was the greatest act of hypocrisy?
Rush Limbaugh, illegal piled popper, is leading the way.
He's a, you can't catch him.
151.
Races Strom Thurman has fathered illegitimate black daughter who was on TV today and she said,
my name is L.C. May and how nice day.
Five hundred.
Oh, we got to 500.
113 said Strom Thurman biggest hypocritical act.
You can't even begin to think about it.
It's so outrageous.
It would be like David Duke.
We find out that David Duke has got a black, Jewish, atheist lesbian girlfriend.
You know what I'm saying?
Oh!
Koch Boozhaw, George W. Bush, lectures about morality.
96.
Reverend Jesse Jackson, father's illegitimate child, 54.
That love child.
Jim Baker rips off his followers and turns out to be a pervert, 38.
Jimmy Swagger, it sins with hookers, 23.
Philandri representative Henry Hyde, lectures Clinton's on morality, 21.
And the Giza Resphal potatoes, I guess, uh, rumors voted three times now.
Born again, John Van Beesbroke calls his goalie on a minor league hockey team.
He was coaching here in Canada, a nigger, only three people voted for that.
And I still only got 499.
What do you got?
501.
501, you're way ahead of me.
FCC finds Ashcroft Senate bid for breach.
I love it.
You're attorney general.
You're Nazi in chief.
The FEC is determined that attorney general John Ashcroft's unsuccessful
2007 re-election campaign.
You know what he ran against the dead guy?
Violeted election laws by accepting $110,000 in illegal contributions
from a committee Ashcroft had established to explore running for president.
And documents released yesterday by the FEC, Garrett M. Lot,
Treasurer for two Ashcroft committees, the Spirit of America P8 PAC,
and Ashcroft 2000 agreed to pay $37,000 fine for released four violations of
federal campaign law, a lot agreed not to contest the charges.
How do you like that?
The FEC vote to find Ashcroft committee was five to one, and the one to center
sought harsher penalties and tougher findings.
How do you like that?
So nobody came to his defense and one guy who disagreed to fight on one vote said,
hey guess what?
That's not strong enough.
Put his ass in jail.
Fry his ass.
Do something really grotesque.
Tuck out his eyebrows.
Take the Ashcroft to statue again and make his eyes pop.
What do you see them boobies, huh?
I mean, stop and think about it, okay?
Here's the attorney general of the United States.
Stop and think about the great cities of the world, like Rome,
Paris, think of all the great artwork, all the great buildings
with the naked statues, okay?
Think about the ceiling at the the cysteine chapel in Michelangelo,
all those paintings of all the naked people, okay, with body parts, no less.
And here's the attorney general, the chief justice official in the USA.
What does he do?
He has a naked bust of a woman covered up to cover up the boobies.
Beautiful thing.
Now how do we get a final report?
Because I know what city was going to be there one o'clock.
Mark Eisenberg, how's he doing?
Yeah, he got a hundred bucks and a hundred bucks worth of toys.
Well, that's not all so bad, considering the fact that he was lost.
Get where the marks get away, yeah.
Oh, this is on it.
This is not a tumor.
It's the one that's a two-hour.
We've all heard of Rudolph and his shiny nose.
And we all know Frosty who's made out of snow.
But all of those stories seem kind of gay.
Because we all know who brightens about our holiday.
Mr. Hanking, the Christmas Pooh.
Small and brown, he comes from Newt.
Say, come through it, here he comes.
Squeeze in between your festive buns.
A present from down below.
Spreading joy with a howdy howl.
He's seen the love inside of you.
Cause he's a piece of food.
Sometimes he's nutty, sometimes he's corny.
He can be brown or greenish brown.
But if you eat fiber on Christmas, he might come to your tile.
Mr. Hanking, the Christmas Pooh.
He loves me, I love you.
Therefore, my carestly, he loves you.
I can make a Mr. Hanking too.
We'll call where is he.
He's coming.
What do you want?
He's coming.
That's right.
Where the heck is his head?
Here he comes.
Hey, ho!
I'm Mr. Hanking, the Christmas Pooh.
Say, this greetings, I love you.
That's saying, song time, time, time, point.
Now, before I die, so why?
Who's gay, if I like to play?
Stick me in your mouth and try to sing.
Hiding, ho, yo, yo, yo, Christmas time has gone.
Sometimes he's ready.
Sometimes he's burned.
Sometimes he's practically watered.
Sometimes he hangs up the end of your ass and won't fall in the toilet.
Because he's just clinging to your spink,
and he won't drop up and say,
shake your ass around, shall he get to drop in the toilet and finally it does.
Mr. Hanking, the Christmas Pooh.
Christmas leaves, he must leave too.
I should now, but he's never gone.
Oh, he's smell and is barely letting go.
All right, now!
This ex-musk, you don't want to offend anybody on your holiday gift list?
Give them the new, politically correct, non-denominational holiday record.
Non-denominational celebration.
We wish you a merry non-denominational celebration,
and that happy change of the calendar.
Who could possibly take issue with songs like these?
Ah, we're dreaming of all the wise,
when we can't stand the other.
Yes, we've taken the, you know,
out of Christmas.
Oh, we're terribly opposed.
Oh, we're terribly opposed.
Make everybody happy.
Get your copy of the non-denominational holiday record today.
And have a happy, feeling the blind.
Well, there's get hard and carry,
Edwards and Lieberman,
Wesley Klopp in thinnage,
Carol Brown in shopped in,
but the leader it seems.
The one guy that's ahead of their team,
Dean is the Democrats' runner.
Loves you, Hatchett's push to bash.
And if you have it, notice,
our Dean Ray's lights a cash.
Just cause he is a doctor,
and carries a step a skull.
He won't be like the other.
Democrat that like to grow.
Everything was going well,
till Wesley came to say,
Dean, you may be winning, though.
I was commander of NATO.
He brought up same sex marriage
as Vermont's governor.
How would you have made mistakes
just to the front runner?
Just in time for the holidays,
the most unusual Christmas album ever.
Altro Winfrey burps the Christmas classics.
Listen to Oprah pass gas at Christmas Mass.
The
old rowing free burps the Christmas classics,
available in the freezer section at Ralph's.
Prama got run over at the Walmart,
trampled under shoppers breathing feet.
Get out of my way, you curver.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Oh, poor grandma didn't know she'd be dead for me.
Every year, now, we track all she wanted was a player.
Congratulations.
You ruined Christmas.
Or the DVD she owned.
Merry Christmas to Christmas.
But when those faithful doors swung open,
the new Walmart, she was stepped on
and banged up straight to the bone.
Grandma's now white out of action.
In a hospital, she sits.
After a body is in traction,
and she even needs a nurse to take us.
Buh-buh.
Prama got run over at the Walmart.
Eat it, awful.
Travel under shoppers breathing feet.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Don't!
Or grandma didn't know she'd be dead for me.
You're dead.
Prama got run over at the Walmart.
Prama got run over at the Walmart.
It was on the day after Thanksgiving.
Prap!
Or grandma didn't know she'd be dead for me.
No, operator, give me the number for 9-1-1.
Merry Christmas, everybody.
Watch your ass.
Oh!
I'm wearing her clothes.
Her self-panty clothes.
Walking around and women's underwear.
All right.
In the store there's a day
with little straps.
Lights begin.
It holds me so tight
I can't cause that night.
Walking around and women's underwear.
In the office there's a guy named Melvin.
He pretends that I am Murphy Brown.
He'll say, are you ready?
He'll say, whoa, man.
Let's take until the work is out of town.
A later on, if you wanna.
We can dress like Madonna.
Put on some high shade and join the parade.
Walking around and women's underwear.
I'm using things.
And send him past
her mission.
Wearing her clothes.
Self-panty clothes.
Walking around and women's underwear.
Walking around and women's underwear.
Walking around and women's underwear.
Walking around and women's underwear.
Oh!
Oh!
Where's Roodle?
I can't find Roodle.
Oh!
Oh!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Oh!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Hey, what's that all over the place?
It's real, it's terrible.
Yeah!
I don't know.
It takes back to...
Oh no!
Yeah!
No!
The reindeer go out and take a diarrhea.
Yeah!
Yeah!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Hey, what's that up in the sky?
Is it a bird?
Yeah!
Is it a blade?
No!
It's a reindeer.
Yeah!
And they still got diarrhea!
Who's your mouth?
Who's your mouth?
It's a buffalo!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Oh!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Oh!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Who left the parade here?
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
Oh!
There's no trees or lights for Hanukkah.
Go down the block the house is our darker.
We are wishing we were Christian on
because the storm is nothing but our children.
For eight nights we light light
when the center be committed in life.
All we get to light is on a door
and they don't mention Christmas in that sword,
but our holiday is really such a porous life.
It's so hard for us to go shopping.
We don't know when Hanukkah is happening.
What is the date?
Only too late.
You can almost hear them go.
Now come on!
What are we supposed to do?
But your thing it seems you did get gifts
when we only pay wholesale.
All we get to is buy a new one.
New light is on a door and they don't mention Christmas in that sword.
Our holiday is really such a porous life.
The menorah!
Oh!
We get to light is on a door and they don't mention Christmas in that sword.
Our holiday is really such a porous life.
The menorah!
We love it after one at five sixty WDQM.
Here's a note Josh is getting sick and tired answering the bat line
of finding Scott's union,
getting more personal calls again.
Cut it out Scott.
Make it stop is the messenger guys.
Make it stop.
You ready it?
God is here more.
I don't want to like dwell on the worst story you keep telling me.
See obviously what we all like here is what was your response?
He calls you out of a nice nap.
Bits you out for turning everybody against him
calling the manassalam.
What's your response?
You've already been canned off the show right?
So what do you say?
He asked me he's put like he's like did you do this?
Did you?
Are you telling people not to call my show or to call me and make fun of me?
And I said whatever Howard and I get to go back to bed or something.
And that was it?
I just blew him off.
Well that's excellent.
I love it.
You didn't win bud.
If this is the image, this is the real life.
Like an overgrown child.
Like I have the power to tell people who to listen to and what to listen to.
Well it certainly couldn't have been his fault.
Absolutely.
And if it wasn't my fault or George's fault or maybe Gilles fault or Joe Rose's fault or the load or the mad dog it had to be you.
Absolutely.
I think you know it.
I'm just unprofessional.
And if you didn't do it just get on it.
113 at 560 WQM.
Have you ever tasted one of those meal replacements most of them taste like, ooh.
Like those reindeer left on a sleigh.
Check out how much sugar they got also man.
Not good for you.
Now there's a great tasting product.
In fact the beast likes it for two reasons.
I'm going to taste really good and plus he's got a whole bunch of it free there too.
Yeah you got it.
There's a product that tastes great at sugar free.
It's inter-ex-diabetic.
In fact you can get some free too.
I'll tell you the second how.
Inter-ex-diabetic is the best tasting meal replacement drink ever made for people with diabetes.
And people are desiring or reducing sugar intake.
Sweetened with splendor brand sucrilo so there's no nasty aftertaste.
Lucky you with the drinks that you saccharine the asperate.
Inter-ex-diabetic is a complete balanced nutritional supplement.
That provides fiber and antioxidants.
It's low in saturated fatty cholesterol.
Good with a heavy with a good stuff and none of the bad stuff.
Inter-ex-diabetic is also gluten and lactose free too.
And eight ounce can provides 237 calories of deliciously healthy nutrition
that's internationally recommended by doctors and diet physicians alike.
So don't sacrifice proper nutrition when you're sure it on time.
Try inter-ex-diabetic once and you'll never go back to that other crap you used to drink before.
And the makers of inter-ex-diabetic are so positively sure you're going to love it.
They're giving away free samples. That's what South Florida loves. They live for for free.
Just for the asking go to inter-ex-diabetic.com, ENT-ER-EX.
All one word, inter-ex-diabetic.com.
Or call us toll free number.
Be sure and tell me the Neal Scent you for delicious one.
Call 1-866-368-3739 for your free sample. That's 1-866-368-3739.
Slide in local.
We're sports radio five 60-cew in.
Do A-M.
Can't believe the language I hear home, T.R.
Every home of word is an obscenity.
It used to be that cable was a whole lot worse.
But now the network's left there at this curse.
There's a wedding sites that visit sanity.
All the dialogue can take for fan-a-tee.
Swear it like a seller on a free day pass.
Words a whole lot worse than asked.
F-1-F-1, how will it be?
It's for the drop the F-1 on a word, T-D.
F-1-F-1, there's no telling where.
The drop one on a U-P-L.
Ha-ha, I can't believe I'm the winner.
I am the winner.
Well, it wasn't even close.
I exterminated all of great debris.
The people didn't seem to care.
I grabbed the boobies and the little mists.
California has spoken at the winner.
Lots of women said I final them in all it was like 33.
But that don't care.
And the water don't care.
Because now I'm done to rob a native of the California G-O-P.
Well, I used all of my muscle.
And I used all of my sex appeal.
I'm very honest.
I guess the voters didn't care that I made all those big mop-ootsies.
Scoo-real.
Ha-ha-ha.
Well, if your heart is with your public,
and you tell them you had a final story.
Trust me, therefore give you like it did me
and elect you to the G-O-P.
Here's a key change in the song.
Ustamante, little Batman, Super Mario brother,
never had a thrill.
Maribos, the voter start about him naked.
He's little Pac-Man on the way up.
He's a little senior, tiny horse.
I'm the victor, I'm the winner,
and my heart wide is a Kennedy.
Ha-ha.
And now I'm the propaneer of the California G-O-P.
They tried to send me off the jail beat for it.
But Hannah little kid, we have a big one, darn it.
I got a shred of it, boy, and it went going too.
Court to be it, to be it, to be it.
You, I'm someone lawyer too, with a race card.
But why did no one race with me, you little heart?
Keen and things to keep me from the prison yard.
Oh, be it, isn't there a big friend?
Oh, be it, be it, be it, not guilty is how I feel.
My thing in love money, we open the gates.
It is as when there's a dose of my face.
Oh, be it, I'm being a baby.
I'm being a baby.
Oh, be it, I'm being a baby.
I'm being a baby, turn on any shallows here.
My thing in love money, we open the gates.
It is as when there's a dose of my face.
Oh, be it, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.
We're going to have boys and girls today.
We're going to learn about an invisible substance incident.
And we got nothing to do with fluids and juices.
So you don't have to worry about it.
As a matter of fact, it's a night.
That's right, boys and girls.
It's a noble guest named for Ray Noble in his orchestra.
Now, two of them in straight hours.
Quite guilty.
What a surprise.
Ray tell what brings you here.
I want to learn about dance.
It's a noble guest, you moron.
Now, here, hold the stool with it.
Not that one in my pants.
Look at what you got in it.
You're going to my whole day.
Right, you're the one.
That sounds good.
Is that the old guest?
I cannot hear you, little picture before.
What do you got there?
A bag of potatoes.
Potatoes?
But what?
You can make a battery out of a potato.
A battery out of a potato, huh?
Yeah, I pulled on your ticket pen.
Now, you're gone.
What do you think of some kind of maroon?
Monmo, you need a conductor.
All right.
There.
Now, what are you?
Pooh, pooh.
Not working yet.
How's that make a white?
I put it on my ass.
I'm the butt.
I'm the butt.
I'm the butt.
I'm the butt.
I'm the butt.
Today's fast-paced world.
Whole-fit challenge.
Hey, there's a thumb print on this report.
Do it again.
Oh, yes, sir.
Got a problem?
No, sir.
Under some pressure, huh?
Yeah.
How do you feel about my head's going to explode
and ask when doesn't do anything?
Well, here, take some IDU profile.
IDU profile?
Well, I'll try anything.
I'm dirty rotten.
Son of a...
Who the fuck?
That's what he thinks he's talking to.
I don't make it little.
Do it on the report.
Who?
Feel better?
Yeah.
What's the IDU profile?
Well, nothing we can admit to on the radio.
Except our secret ingredients, screw them all.
Put your liminates in the inhibitions you might have
about saying what's on your mind.
Hey, uh-oh.
Here comes your boss.
Look, I want this report done.
Even if you have to work through your lunch hour, kid.
Listen, I'm not...
What are you going to get off your...
...and do some work around here?
Well, I see you take ibuprofen.
Yeah.
I take it too, you lazy piece of...
Oh, my channel!
The copter!
IDU profile.
Hey, you only a fucking deranged.
Finally, a music company is putting something
besides beautiful music in the air.
Bartland Music presents,
Classic Cut featuring gut-wrenching tunes like feelings.
Classic Cut from Bartland Music
gives you an extraordinary collection of haunting melodies
that hang in the air long after the tune has played.
No other collection can hold a match to this version of...
Memories.
Classic Cut from Bartland Music is the record offer
you just knew had to come out sooner or later.
Especially when you hear your CD player expel...
Unchained melody.
Classic Cut from Bartland Music.
When you hear it, you know there's nothing to do but crack a window
and share the experience with others, older today.
125, 560 WDQM.
I hate we got some bad news for the dolphins.
We already have this sunny year by Rob Conrad.
Yeah, I had that this morning.
Yeah, that this morning on your headlines?
Yeah, I did.
Well, we ought to say it again.
Oh, it's a concussion you won't play this week or probably won't play against it.
And also probably will miss the finale against the Jets.
And he'll be replaced on second stars for...
Oh, I just wanted to say this.
Oba Femi.
It's Oba Dejo.
Oba Femi, I am the Dejo.
Femi?
Oba Femi.
Oh, you can't have a guy playing football in the NFL named Femi.
You have a little bit too Femi.
One in every 10, isn't it?
Don't be too Femi.
I don't know.
I could give you some names.
Paul Jeff Cohen at the Pizza Law.
I'll give you a whole bunch of names.
Anyway, here's some big news.
Howlet Potty, XEMC is now auto city potty.
XEMC of Pinecrest, but the same great deal deals that you always had before and the same great customer satisfaction you were accustomed to at Howlet.
Right now at Auto City of Pinecrest, it's the end of the year clearance sale on all remaining 2003's in stock.
Take advantage of zero percent financing, say it right, zero percent financing for the 72 months or save up to 9 grand with rebates and incentives to.
Attention, lease customers ask Auto City of Pinecrest about their lease pull ahead early termination program.
There's even more great deal deals at the new Auto City Potty GMC of Pinecrest for a limited time to sign and drive home your new GMC zero with absolutely positively.
Absolutely.
No money down.
That's right.
It's the brand new Auto City Potty Act GMC of Pinecrest and you'll find it at 134.01.
South Dixie Highway, that's US one, right across from the prestigious Falls Open every day, seven days a week.
For more info on what's great deal deals called the Neal Deal Hotline Tool Free, one, trivel eight, five, three, four, forty, two, eleven.
That's one, trivel eight, five, three, four, forty, two, eleven, no forget all these special deals are something credit approval.
See the folks at Auto City Potty Act for all the details.
That's the brand new Auto City Potty Act GMC of Pinecrest where you'll find low prices and no high pressure.
My life and low cost.
This is for real by city.
You ain't here.
No matter move, I'm here for the whole player.
Don't you make a sound.
I just gonna rape your old wife and leave quietly.
Don't let this happen to you.
Today's National Football League Cracket Athletes are above the law.
Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home.
With the new Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System.
Every Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System comes with a Jimmy Johnson seal of disapproval.
I never met a criminal. I didn't like.
And if they can catch the ball and run with the ball while there's something special.
Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail cell where they usually find God and the wife names I wrote.
The Miami Dolphin Home Alarm System.
The seal will go crack even forty jails.
Mark the Stuart's our guest.
Did the seal and get right to the things that didn't the most talk about of recent data?
And that's Christens, you have had a financial problem.
You know, Larry, I'm not making so much money these days.
We are told that you're part of the financial problem.
Oh, definitely, yes.
And I think that...
Explain that.
Well, I sort of have an inside track, you know what I mean?
Oh, and that's what I mean.
Why?
The distortion of the truth.
Oh.
Somewhere in the vicinity of $700 billion.
Did you know it was that much?
No, I'd be $700 billion.
Billion, yes.
You're kidding.
Higning is everything.
You know what they say?
Yeah, bitch.
Shame on you.
Mark the Stuart fraud.
That's true.
She's falling apart.
bankruptcy, actually.
On this edition of Larry King's life, don't go away.
Michael Eiser?
Two rings, Eiser.
It took you two rings to answer.
What are you doing over there?
I'm sorry, sir.
I just couldn't reach the phone.
I couldn't reach the road.
One ring, Eiser.
We've been over this.
I'm sorry.
Get on the ball over there.
Okay.
What do you all hung over out with your mighty dick?
Who, sir?
The hockey kid.
Oh, the Anaheim mighty duck.
Oh, what a successful story that bitch.
Oh, whatever.
Sell it.
Sell it.
Well, that team, that's terrible.
Sir, they're in the Stanley Cup finals.
What does that mean?
Well, they're in the championship of the national.
I say that.
I'm not in the sport anyway.
I'm one of a porn mouse.
porn mouse.
Forget about the ducks.
It's a stupid name anyway.
Who came up with it?
Well, I did.
So we remember we had that.
Oh, it'd be terrible.
And I see you hanging out with that straight brim on your hat.
You look like a warron next to Charlie Sheen.
No, no, no, no.
That was Emilio Estabez, the star.
They did.
It's the same kid.
Terrible.
The mighty duck hit it.
I mean, they really are entertaining.
It's a great family battle.
I told you.
Care about the duck.
Oh, what?
Hang on a minute.
Yes, sir.
Oh, oh, oh.
Oh, my God.
What the hell is wrong with you, Ravens?
Oh, nothing will, Will Boss.
You're almost white.
Yeah, I'm pale, Boss.
Oh, has some bad Chinese.
Some bad Chinese.
Yeah, better downtown Boss, Lane.
Lane was a panda.
Whatever Boss.
I've got to go.
Well, get away from me.
You think like a brewery.
Oh, my God.
God, come on.
I'm there.
Yes, sir.
Well, things are going very well over here.
You know, we have the mighty ducks in the Stanley Cup finals.
Have also them.
And we also have the Finding Nemo movie, which is doing very very well.
Yeah, Finding Nemo, let me ask you a question.
Yes, sir.
Why do I have a chance for $4 million on my desk?
And the thing made $70 million?
What kind of deal do we have with Pixar?
Well, we just have to.
We just have to.
I think you're doing.
I think I put myself up.
You'll put yourself...
We just got out of the office.
My own man.
My own man.
My own man.
My own man.
My own man.
I need to stick up in here.
I, sir.
Yes, sir.
It can't have to be I.
I am.
And it is.
And it is.
The I, I, sir.
Okay, well sir, would you like tickets for the mighty ducks?
I told you to sell the decks.
Ducks?
Can't you name that thing anyway?
It's a name that we gotta keep and make it the Mises.
What are Mises?
Mises, what are one more?
That just mice?
Are you correct in me?
No sir.
Wait a second I hear you stink!
I'm getting a wall full!
John Paine, the taxi driver, said real part.
He looked at me so quesitally.
I could tell he was in a dock.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bug to speak English and I'm on.
I went down to my home and I made breached weather business and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store but the guy there talks real fun.
I asked him for a pint of whole gym beamies and he said no at the end of what doesn't mean.
The butter's English and I'm on.
That's the corner deli.
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan, speak English, Mellie.
Or you can go back to the LR.
I came here many years ago to learn my ABCs.
I don't say much as grossiest.
I said pretty please.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making me sick.
Put your butter, speak English, Mellie.
So cannabis are home and needed bread.
High pause and see.
Will not you own your hand.
If less shy eyes then she's by our side.
We reclaim your good you see.
It's illegal drug recording too.
A good old I will sing.
And
Hey, Ferret!
By the way, sir, I've been giving it some stuff.
Oh, what do you think it is?
I know that me and you can do much better, go in six to ten,
and not in five, again, dial in the cranky tool.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your weary bed.
It's not time to say no chance I'll always show it to you.
I'd rather die with the graphics together.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big monkey chew from Brooklyn Heights.
I've been raped and I have worried about you.
You're not my type.
Me and Mo, this is that with Mo.
No way that if we had a fight, that you'd survive,
who'd wanna hear a genital, and push it tight,
that's graphic together.
Go away, go away, go away, go away, go away, go away, go away, go away.
Go away, go away, go away, go away, go away, go away, go away.
And so would you and me, for me, is much better, six to ten, not five.
It's only right that I should get more sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Let's let go happy to get there.
What can we be better?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
What?
You can unwrap all the slime all the time.
Thanks, Mo.
20-2 at QM.
We got 680 or what?
599. What do you got?
599 on mine.
I'm reloading.
Are you reloading it?
Yes.
Squirt Squirt.
Probably shooting blanks.
Which of these was the greatest active hypocrisy of all?
Rush Limbaugh, Illegal Pill Piper, 178.
Racist, Strom Thurman, Father, Illegion, and Black daughter, 146.
Coke and Boozhound, George W. Bush lectures about morality 105.
Reverend Jesse Jackson, Father's Illegion, and Child, 87.
670.
We got 600.
Jim Baker rips off his follower turns out to be a pervert 45.
Jimmy Swagger, it sins with hookers 29.
Flanding representative Henry Hyde lectures Clinton on morality 26.
And born again, John Van D's brooked a beaser.
Causes Goli a nigger 3.
A rumor voted three times.
Let me tell you about something I vote for all the time.
It has brandy shoes and pompato beats.
A lot of people have been voting for them for a long time.
That's why they've been around for 25 years.
Nearly a quarter of a century.
In fact, over a quarter of a century now.
So they got to be doing a lot of things right.
Like giving you the top brand names in a business like Rockports,
Echoes, Mofistoes, Timberland, Clarks, S.A.S. Floreshound, all the other top names in the shoe business.
And of course, having all the sizes you need, men 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12,
which from the very petite and narrow to the very, very big fat and wide.
And of course, prices that are unbeatable and friendly personal service
to make sure you get a perfect fit every time.
You put all of these things together and what's not to like.
Brandy shoes, that's why they've been around so long.
They were at 1290, North Federal Highway and Pompato, Beach, Open Daily, Mundo,
Thusaturday, 99, Sunday, 10 to 5, and during Brandy's 25th anniversary,
even more special savings like right now is a great time to buy Floreshound.
All this week save 25% off on all men's Floreshound styles at Brandy shoes.
So be sure to stop in or check them out on the web at Brandy's shoes.com.
Myline and look ol'...
...this is for Trans Californian 60...
...and Waycan oh chwil  populace!
Today is November 21, 2021...
Is taste as diy se sasysome rumbino na peakan mioidee.
Taisemillowdihta...
Esmeralcaid!
Spray the bill to dig, o-may!
Eric mori...
This is former vice president and inventor of the inner black allegor.
I'm here to set the record straight about my endorsement of Democratic
Presidential candidate, Jane Steen.
It's Howard.
Bob-Bob-Oee.
Oee.
The third dean is the amazing orator and wordsmith.
Not to mention, he makes a fun sausage.
That's not him.
A former governor for Bob and one of the prestigious Michael Thurought-Gustling Contest.
Never happened.
Apparently, I have ruffled some feathers in the Democratic Party.
Specifically, with my former running mate, Hal Lieberstein.
It's Joe Lieberman.
If there's one man in the donkey party that's even more whiny and monotone than me,
it's Jim Lieberman.
When I pulled this endorsement from my secret lock box,
I did so after much consideration, thought, and a game of rock paper scissors.
If Mr. Lieber's gone, Lieberman is heard that I am sorry,
but J.O.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.L.I.S.
I'm a sharp political man whose choices to shape our nation's leaders are important.
You've lost me.
In conclusion, let me say this to Mr. Lonowood.
Lieberman and Mr. Bean.
Dean, I love you both, like a gay man would, but without the rumpular invasion.
I think we're done here.
Now, of course, views are his own and have no affiliation with the Democratic National Committee to elect the president.
This is where I work. There is never, never a dull moment ever.
I love looking at Walmart.
We stay at Walmart way after our ships are over, partly because we love it,
but mostly cause they lock us in.
It's more than a story, it's a fun place to be.
The best thing about being on the Walmart team is not having all those forms and papers and workers with health benefits.
That's the worry about.
You never know what you're going to find at Walmart.
I just came in for the fun of it.
The immigrants are the best at Walmart. They clean our toilets practically for free.
At Walmart, I don't need no stink in green cards.
We don't need no vajas. I don't have to shout you out.
I'm a stinkin vajas.
This is like my morning routine.
You can drink healthy and wake up at Walmart.
Oh, are you? Hey, guys, the see- you are.
Oh, you're looking fine.
I tell you what, you may see a major option when I'm an East for president.
So, very quietly, I work together in C.
The Democrats know I'm a big my wife, Hilla.
I want her big butt out of the campaign trail so I can stay at home and chase college tail,
judging from what I've seen.
The choices are obscene.
It's either why me, labor matter, how work be?
Can I call in the rest?
Can't get elected slip a book in the health test?
Please get the witch to run so I can have some fun.
Me and Chapacquan, her and Washington, I'll hold the work.
T-shirt contested my yard.
And all that long, I'll walk, I'll sell me hard.
It'd be a dream come true.
It'd be a major two.
It will flick really worth a pull.
The switcher, Roo, have a heart.
I'll walk fast, I'll sell some bag of them.
Please put big mouth there.
For a wide house.
Thank you.
Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27, 1980, at 11.24pm.
While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat,
yank me by my hair and say, woman, don't spoil her.
I said okay.
Chelsea was sold by her opium-addicted father when she was eight years old.
Chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy.
That sealed the decision for Bill.
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry.
But even more frightening, at the age of 15,
Chelsea had come back to haunt us.
She escaped and returned home, only to be sold again to a whorehouse.
Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them?
Me, Hillary, Rotem, Clinton.
Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it.
Oh yeah, right, I said.
Looking like a dais boxer who had just been pummeled in the ring,
she leaned toward me and whispered in my ear, you bitch.
151 at 560 WQ.
I'm happy holidays from our new good pie zones.
We got a big holiday surprise, the booster.
It used to be a monster, but now it's just a shadow of his former self.
Booster for the mad dog from Shula State 2-2.
You got the Humper, aka the tub.
In the studios at 4 with Irohend, Winderman 5-6 thought it was a booster.
And then we got the panthers and the crampitals tonight, any interest?
No.
Let me tell you about a great place, EF Tarenauta Repair, you'll find them at 50-83 North Federal
High Wages to my one-half North of Sample Road in prestigious Pompedo Beach.
And EF Tarenauta Repair experienced the difference that difference makes, that experience makes too.
All EF mechanics are AST certified technicians, current with all latest technology, and most of them were the EF team for nearly 20 years.
The EF team is now over 20 years of experience.
And right now, if you need an oil change, stop by EF and ask them about their Neal Rogers 1295 oil change special.
You heard right, only 1295 for an oil change.
The EF team uses only the best parts, top of the line, castoral GTX motor oil.
You couldn't even buy the parts for this amazingly unbeatable low price, just 1295.
EF Tarenauta Repair, they're at 50-83 North Federal High Wages in Pompedo Beach, column at 954-426-9926.
That's 954-426-9926.
And when you do make that call, ask them about their 90 days, same as cash and interest credit card.
EF Tarenauta Repair, they're nationally recognized as one of the most successful automotive repair facilities anywhere in the entire U.S. of A.
And don't forget to ask them about their 1295 Neal Rogers oil change special at EF, call 954-426-9926.
5.6.
The radio is on yours.
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
QAM!
I got nothing against Niggas, that he was a Nigga!
