Are you coming this is just a temporary?
I'm not sure yet.
I can't believe I'm going down.
That lead you quite impaired.
You find a good attorney, cause you've heard us now and jail.
That's what it's all about.
All right.
Go do the hanky-tanky word that's good.
That's a black spell.
That's what it's all about.
Well, Wayne said T-Prefers is a hopey-hopey himself.
So, with all the we know, anyway, what the hell was that Joe talking about?
Another fill-in special.
What does that mean?
I guess what you heard.
You guess what? What I heard.
You don't think they've made any kind of permanent decisions.
Oh, are you kidding me?
I mean, here's the first pull.
Well, we're still taking that first pull.
What kind of crap is that?
One of these people tell us what's going on there, man.
Why don't they tell us what the hell is going on in that joint?
You jackasses?
That's enough to make me want to read the clearances
of personal resume from that Jewel website right on the air.
God, that's just an annoying is what that is.
Can we ever let get it well?
Not forget about our feet on the ground.
Just like one toe would be good.
You know, just come down or just a little bit of QAM.
Can we do it?
God.
Anyone better read the article first before I do anything else?
Okay.
Okay.
Even on the gole get all set.
Well, I got a lot of reading to do today.
I don't care.
Although I might just take this one quick call.
WQAM, Joe Roe Show.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, we're taking calls.
What do you want to talk about?
My name is office.
No, I can get lost.
Anyway, Alan Snyder, op-ed.com, op-ednews.com.
I'm sorry.
writes in a party of hypocrites, Neo-Cons are king.
See, that's what we're dealing with on this radio station.
How the hell the show has ever made?
Oh, we got trends day at one o'clock.
Oh, all right.
We got the next arbitrage coming out for, uh, what is it?
September, October, uh, July, August?
August, September, October.
Got it?
Got it.
And I want to say this, July, we got a kiss in July.
You know what that means in a radio business?
It means the station got a big, like that, all over our bodies.
And we're going to be losing that.
That drops out. It drops right out.
So this is a little bit of tension.
I'm sure that's why they're a little preoccupied,
which is why neither Duffner Clarence,
or anybody else has informed us that the Joe Rocho temporarily is still, uh, in limbo.
In other words, uh, I don't know.
That's just, that's just frosted my ass when he said that.
I assumed that, you know, on Friday, over the weekend, they hammered things out.
They got the hammer together with the, uh, and they hammered it out.
And we do Operation Iron Hammer?
Where are you thinking that?
Because that's the way you would operate, like not necessarily in a real radio station,
but a one that's been, that's been just left wide open with a gaping hole,
the way Greg has done it with his last two years.
You think that finally they'd say, okay, what are we?
Name your price, Joe. Here's a blank check.
And let's get out with the show. Let's get out with the schedule.
God, damn it.
Now how do you people going to get with it already?
Well, uh, he's just fully in for a while.
We'll see how it goes.
We're going to take a poll on it. See how the audience likes it.
The little dog.
Anyway, Alan Snyder writes,
in a party of hypocrites, Newcombs are king.
I like this article.
He says, I've never been accused of being optimistic about human nature.
Hobbes was right all along,
or selfish, violent, manipulative pigs.
So naturally I distrust all authority figures, most of the illegally appointed
buffoons, who by convenient miracles called voter fraud,
public ignorance-entated court, walk up on day in Washington with way too much power.
As the country swirls around the bowl,
is it clockwise or counterclockwise in this hemisphere,
economic despair, constitutional rights erosion,
perpetual lying, unnecessary recalls, California,
illegal redistricting fights, Texas,
a death or three a day in Iraq,
and presidential scandals that split two for one,
there is believe it not some good news.
By remaining faithful,
determinedly corrupt Bushco,
pathological neoconcelots and their supporters have fully exposed their seamy,
nasty, infected underbellies.
You know where fleas,
ticks maggots and leeches,
like limbaugh, culture, orionian,
Hannity live.
They're no longer ashamed to be ignorant,
hate-mongering pseudo-intellectual reactionaries,
openly preferring a born-ing-in-juday-o-Christian,
theoplitocratic oligarchy,
to a representative democracy involving minimal respect for the common man,
individual rights, or global peace.
In fact, it's quickly becoming a selling point, especially in the south,
Haley Barber's Governor of Mississippi for Christ's sake.
This twisted pathology is increasingly apparent in their predictable voting practices
and subsequent excuse-making.
They gravitate to and vote into our highest public offices,
the most brainless and least qualified ignoramuses.
When those morons fail, the brain trusts scratches its collective head
and blames the liberals,
the Democrats, and the leftist media.
Then they elect another mentally challenged,
Simpeldon.
It's simple, really.
They're electing people,
most like what they wish America could be,
hence the white, hateful, Christian fundamentalist, racist,
misogynistic, homophobic, testosterone-overloaded, warmongers.
The Neocon's studied sense of effective government is surpassed only by the gift
for psychologically projecting their insane behavior on the others.
Can you imagine if the Clinton White House were suspected of outing a covert CIA operative,
one in charge of sniffing out WMDs no less,
in sophomore retaliation for her husband's exposing one of its many blatant lies?
Bob Novak would have demanded the leakers hadn't been first in line to circumvent the Constitution to do it.
He'd be howling about the weeks the White House staffers were given
to destroy incriminating evidence before the inevitable shaman investigation
covered by air John Ashcroft and wicking conflict of interest.
That's a walking conflict, what a wicking walking.
Bushco has already set us up for a big fat goose egg by saying
we shouldn't be surprised if they never find the leak at all.
Don't worry W, we're not holding our breath.
I don't know what's worse about Neocon hypocrisy that it's off the charts
or that it's so transparent and obvious.
When wingnut influence peddling thrusts Clinton affairs with Paula Jones at all
into the spotlight, the insisted past allegations of sexual misconduct were essential
to make an informed judgment about Clinton's fitness for office.
So naturally when Arnold was exposed as a criminal insurial groper,
it conveniently became taboo to consider a candidate sexual past when vetting him for office.
Personally, I've been chuckling under my breath about the perfect comeuppance
for that big fat lying blowhard coward, Rush Limbaugh,
is as being a pill-popping junky poetic justice or what.
Sadly, he won't suffer his own recommended fate for illegal dopeheads
and morph into a right-wing hero like our illustrious former Koch's Nordic drunken press.
Can conservatives really be in the kind of deep denial that takes not to see this?
They persist in the art of double-standard, insisting on having separate rules for themselves.
How does this job with their superficial claims that the world is the neat black and white landscape they all favor?
Were their constant absolutist nonsense about good and evil,
were their lies about creating a better America, while single-mindedly pursuing its ruin?
It doesn't, but if seen as part of their overall pattern of deflecting responsibility
and psychotic projection, then their claims are as vacuistic as their logic.
For all their venom-spooming about how liberals are hate America, hating scum,
you can hardly make the argument that the right stands for anything remotely resembling anything,
but the undermining of fundamental liberties and tolerance.
I don't see today's liberals filling coffers of the ultra-rich benefactors with the wallets of the poor,
killing thousands in illegal war based on lies and deception,
or screwing over a whole country of people to maintain political power in the name of freedom, democracy, and security.
Here or Iraq take your pick.
What Bush co-nose about democracy wouldn't fill a conservative's conscience
and since they have none, that's not saying much.
These aren't just the actions of the worst of raging hypocrites, but of haters, cowards, and traitors.
What a great article. Oh, Massachusetts purgules in favor of gay marriage.
Oh!
And once again, these are very emotional issues with people feeling very strongly on both sides,
but it seems though the courts have tried to sidestep the emotion.
The Massachusetts Supreme Court said no reason to ban gay marriage. How do you like that?
Oh boy. And now the Republicans are going, ah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
What do we do now? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Huh? Bad day for W.
How's that?
Mayor of London said he's the most dangerous man on the face of the earth.
I love that guy.
Yeah.
Oh, Mr. Livingstone.
Highly emotional goes to the heart of people's personal lives.
It has enormous religious implications.
And so the court may try to lower the temperature.
I'm sure the reaction on both sides,
so that that is quite impossible to do.
Well, there you go.
Lower your temperature.
In fact, maybe what kind of a thermometer do you think they're going to use to take the public's temperature?
Correct them.
Well, that's another story.
Anyway, the poll we took yesterday, I worded poorly. I'll fetch up to that.
Okay, that's my bad.
Worded very poorly.
Now, why do you have a call on hold there online, six in Miami? Hello?
Okay, that's him.
Get him out of the way, real early.
Huh?
Like I said, get him out of the way, real early.
Okay, but the poll was worded poorly.
And I don't know if I'm going to take the time to read these facts as you sent.
Whatever.
Charles and dear field beach to the man in the glass booths during Maximilian Shell,
in which Shell, a successful New York architect, is kidnapped by the Israelis,
and put on trial as a Nazi work criminal,
and butler, starring Ellen Bates, who plays a gay college professor,
whose younger colleague, Adelbert Dumpson, for another man.
Would have both of been great for the poll.
They didn't make it, though, because we got the facts have to be in the show.
But thanks anyway, Charles and dear field beach.
And now, here's one from Steven Key West,
whoever that Lee has been doing, like, too much, uh, a hanky-panky down there.
Maybe he ran into them off a couple of weekends ago.
He says, according to Leonard Malton's movie and video guide,
the gods must be crazy, as the biggest foreign box office hit in history.
It may not be on the tip of everyone's tongue, but it's hardly obscure.
Largely due to long runs at art houses, like the one you mentioned,
with the growth cinema.
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, bitch, bitch.
But it sure is a funny and, uh, fun and funny movie, very enjoyable.
And with a few poignant moments and pointed criticism from the modern society.
In fact, I might have voted for it anyway, except break-arm writers,
such a brilliant effin movies, as Steven Key West.
Well, what he's trying to say is that it wasn't obscure.
Well, the fact that it was a big box office hit around the rest of the world
doesn't mean it was a big box office hit in America, and it wasn't.
It was one of those movies that they showed every night at the artsy fartsy things,
but most people, if you went, if you went into your shopping mall right now and say,
what do you think about the gods must be crazy?
Which mall?
They said, well, you got a good point there.
Data-broward.
What?
Which mall?
If you went into a mall and date and said,
hey, pass a USA.
I saw the movie in school.
You did one?
Because it must be crazy.
One N2S, I saw it in school.
Well, that's good.
Anyway, I awarded it poorly, because fairly obscure is like fairly, uh, I don't know.
Non-descript.
What?
But, you know, something tough, crap, tough, titty.
Kill the day.
No, I mean, look, how are you?
Look, a lot of people understood I was getting it.
In other words, a movie that wasn't like a really well-known top, uh,
and we have a couple of monies probably shouldn't be there, but think they are.
Who cares?
Sue us, you know?
Oh, I don't tell them that.
Christ.
Here was yesterday's pool.
We got heavy duty stuff today, including going to read another chapter from Al Franken and what about Bill O'Reilly?
All right.
That'll get some of them right wing assholes all whipped up into it.
Yeah, it's more and more people are finally coming out and telling the goddamn truth and so long overdue, man.
About these right wing assholes like Anne Coder and Bill O'Reilly.
Russia, of course, goes without saying.
And you'll notice that Russian, and totally non-apologetic, he's a hero.
I saw some of the transcript on his, uh, a blowhard website there.
Well, you know, I had this thing with pain in the back and I became hooked on these things.
And this is the first time I've been able to look at them and then he goes and launches into a thing about Ted Kennedy's,
a communist bastard, and all this other usual crap, you know?
Same old crap, same old garbage, which by the way we got the, they took a pool.
Thank you, fat boy for that.
The story galloped to a pool on Russia's popularity around the country and guess what?
Not too good.
Not too good, rush.
But, you know, he, but doesn't make any difference because it's the same mentality as Fox.
You know, they got all the right wing viewers wrapped up.
He's got the right wing radio listeners wrapped up and there's millions of them.
So that's all you need, right?
We should only be so lucky.
Anyway, let me do the break.
Why the hell am I so whipped up?
I thought that was a good article that I read right off the bat.
I didn't get out of the way.
I don't like how to know where, but I just, I wanted to, I wanted to vent it.
I just wanted to get out of my system.
Meanwhile, I'll present at the, is on his way to England where they love it.
Not too happy about it over there.
Do you see that American flag hung upside down?
Some woman got through the gates of Buckingham Palace and put the flag up there upside down and said,
Hey, a queen bitch of bushing welcome here.
I did just need a big statue.
They're building so they can topple it.
And she said, by the way, by the way, tell Prince Charlie to put his kills back on.
1013 at 560.
Well, you know, it's easy to whip that thing up in the air, you know.
Raccoon and a kill too is what he said.
Makes for easy access.
Hey, I'll take a place that's going strong.
Randy Shoes celebrating their 25th big anniversary in Pompeville Beach and of course every week they got something special going on.
This week come in for great savings on men's and women's S.A.S. all this week.
You can find more information about the special sale every week at their website, brandyshoes.com.
The reason Brandy's been around so long is because they got all the famous brands you love at unbeatable prices.
They got rock ports, echoes, mafisto, timberland, clarks, S.A.S., Floreshyme and lots more.
Big ranges sizes for whatever kind of feet you've got.
And keep in mind George is very picky about feet.
If you got nasty looking feet, he don't want to know from you.
They got men 6 to 15, women's 5 to 12 from the very narrow to the very big fat and wide.
And with over 40,000 pair of shoes in stock and their 8,000 square foot megastore,
you could bet Miguel's life on it. They got whatever you're looking for in stock right now.
Written slap on your foot. Brandy shoes direct 12,90 North Federal Highway Pompeville Beach.
You'll find them open daily, 9 to 9 Monday through Saturday and every Sunday 10 to 5.
And like I said, come in right now for extra special savings on men's and women's S.A.S. all this week at Brandy Shoes in Pompeville Beach.
We're supporting you by 6 a.m.
No.
You're gay.
We're having a ball in the gay 90s.
Everybody is happy and gay.
Don't you know what I love when you stand there, right behind me?
And try to tickle my throttest days.
Everybody is out in the gay 90s.
Why even though one's you won't stop for sure?
Let's know more surprises, let's see if it's all right.
So go ahead and test that brown eye.
Yes, sir, it's the gay 90s.
Everybody bend the line.
Yes, sir, look for the glory home.
The O2 ladies have a mind.
Is everybody gay?
We're having a time in the gay 90s.
He's good, don't worry.
We're having a big time.
Everybody is happy.
Everybody is happy and gay.
So the 90s, we're even warm on the blotter yet.
And they've already got the big debacle on CNN.
They're not news network, corporate news network.
And here on the right, are you looking on your screen?
Yes.
That bitch on the right.
She's from the Family Research Council.
See, what we ought to do is have, there ought to be like an ass-tourist.
And they ought to like, you know, whether it's the Heritage Foundation or the American Council on Family or the Family Research Council.
Usually they have family in there, you know.
And she's talking about, well, you know, one mom and one dad.
What's it to you?
Oh, you don't understand.
It's immoral, man.
It's evil.
It's just that we're going to hell on a hand can.
Look, I'm not making people that don't want to be married.
Well, that's beside the point.
I'm just, quit interfering with facts.
Okay, you're starting a little bit too much like Al Franken.
Sorry.
Anyway, we've got some bad news.
I'm just overwhelmed with crap here today.
I can't believe this.
Jonathan Brandis.
Do you know who that is?
He did.
Yeah, okay.
He died?
I think I know.
This is a fact from one of our astute listeners out there.
Actor who began appearing in films and TVPage of five and as a child appeared in films like
Fatal Attraction, Lady Bugs and Stephen King's If.
Probably best known to star the TV series Sequest DSV, which propelled into Coverboy status
in the magazine.
I wish I knew who he was.
Recently started because there's a picture here, but it gets just black.
Start in the 2002 film The Year That Trimble was found dead November 12th.
In his LA apartment of undetermined causes no signs of violence.
He was 27 years old.
He died?
Wow.
Betcha was an OD.
Kind of like another River Penis thing.
You know what?
That was.
Do you know what I'm saying?
Kind of like another River Penis.
He died?
Jonathan Brandis's dead.
He was only 27 years old.
Boy, oh boy.
I don't know who that is.
Should I feel bad about him?
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know who that is.
Should I feel bad about him?
Well, I mean, now that he's dead, that's probably not such a good idea.
Although at least he can't run away.
He can get him.
Okay, here's our first poll today.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
I don't know.
Well, I'm not happy about that.
But anyway, let's just assume he's their permanent.
What's your take on Joe Rose 8 to 10 a.m. on QA?
Well, that isn't saying he's permanent, right?
He's just doing a show this week.
And so you ordinarily, we'd let somebody else have instead of just a couple of days, at least three or four.
Before we'd put their ass on the fire with their audience, but I mean, nobody who listens to QM don't know Joe Rose.
Old number 80, right?
Everybody knows Joe Rose.
Right.
From the first team, from TV, even the non-sports crowd.
And you know something, if you don't like sports, that's fine.
That's your, that's up to you.
But that's not the question.
So freaking negative, you know.
What's your take on Joe Rose 8 to 10 a.m. on QA?
I got four choices.
That's all.
Short, quick to the point, and then we'll do this just briefly.
And then the other one is like, oh, complicated.
Isn't it?
Little.
Sean, I got your poll going today, sweetheart.
I modified it a little bit.
You had a couple of choices that sucked, and I added a couple more, but it's a good one.
Anyway, don't, didn't listen before.
Don't listen now.
8 to 10.
Listen to forl, not to Joe.
Didn't listen to forl, and listening to Joe.
A breath of fresh air.
Welcome back Joe.
I'm getting choked up about it.
How do you like that?
Oh, look at that.
It's already on there.
Well, let me, let me just click something on there.
The poll is already on there.
This is our preliminary first one of the day.
Let's see.
I'll vote for that just to get it out.
Just, just click something.
Click it.
Here's the result from yesterday.
What fairly obscure movie that most people probably haven't seen, do you think is a must-see?
And again, I worded it poorly.
I apologize.
You know, it apologize.
It should work for me, you know.
That's a great one.
That's a great one.
I'm not a bad guy.
It's not an asshole.
Oh, it's another asshole.
Oh, it's another asshole.
A fairly obscure movie.
God's must be crazy, a hundred.
Kentucky Fried movie, 68.
Pudy Tang, 61.
Okay, whatever you say, they're not obscure.
Fairly obscure.
Somewhat obscure.
A little teeny tiny bit obscure.
Pudy Tang, 61.
Swinger, 59.
Wigged it out, 44.
Held her sculled her 42.
Oh, that was Russia's boyfriend, it just called.
The way of the gun, 39.
A boy in his dog, 37.
But that's a good movie.
I'm telling you right now.
You want to go out and rent or buy a good movie?
Don Johnson.
Um, Jason Robards.
Army of darkness, 37.
Very bad things, 37.
And sexy beast, 31.
I still had that sexy beast in the other room, tied up.
We haven't seen each other in the other room, too.
Badluteinenhead.
Absolutely.
Badluteinenhead.
Badluteinenhead.
The pawnbroker, 28.
Vanishing point.
And the waiting for Guffman, each had 27.
Is that like Hindu waiting for Gadoi?
Eh?
Don't you remember that movie?
No.
Ah, waiting for Gadoi.
Must be obscure.
Ex...no, seriously, waiting for Gadoo.
Wasn't there a movie?
If you say so.
Executive action, 25.
Run low, run 25.
Things to do in Denver when you did 24, starring Brian Greasy.
Breaker Morant had 24.
Killing Zo, 20.
That's not a bad idea.
You know that Faxor Zo...
From North Miami, that pain in the ass.
The swimmer with Bert Lancaster 19.
Moon over Peridor 17.
Name of the Rose 17.
Wasn't it Joe?
Scorpio 15.
Magic Christian 14, Slater.
Blood simple 11.
I gotta go on and get that again.
Because I did see it, but it's been...
Let's go see far.
Many, many years.
Stop third, man!
Irreversible 10.
Quick change 10.
Slooth had 9.
Charlie had 8.
Tempest 6.
Tempest in a Peapot.
Six votes for the loved ones and liquid sky.
Five for Putney's Swope.
Who I thought was the used to do news with Michael Putney on Channel 10.
Five for 24-hour party people.
Four votes for Heavenly Creatures.
Strangeland.
Waddle in the streets.
Three for the dualist.
Medium-cool, Wawa-Awaking Life.
Dangerous beauty.
Booty.
Two for Brother.
One for Running on Empty.
The Docta and the Fourth Man.
At least everybody had one out of almost a thousand votes.
At least every movie had at least one vote.
So, if they weren't for earlier, obscure tough to the...
Westleake Park came out in favor of a constitutional amendment banning flag desecration, says this fact.
Wow, isn't that creative?
Yeah, it's about as creative as he is, okay?
Let me say it again.
Anybody who campaigns for president starting out at the deli-din and the rascal house should tell you...
Oh!
Right off the bat.
That they're grasping for sweet and low.
Wouldn't you think?
Sweet and low.
Oh, look at us.
We got some votes on that poll.
It's up there already about the Joe Roasting.
Twenty-seven votes.
Didn't listen before.
Don't listen now, 13.
Come on.
Give the little log a chance.
He's a breath of fresh air.
Welcome back, Joe.
Eight, Joe Mama.
Listen to Farrell.
Not to Joe, four.
Didn't listen to Farrell.
And listening to Joe, two.
So, there were only 27 votes.
Oh, look at this.
Look at this.
I'm telling you, we're just not going to have time for all the crap today.
You know what?
We got that Al Franken thing.
We might not take any real calls today.
Like this one in higher league.
This could be real.
Higher league.
You're gonna win.
See, I told you.
Twenty-six past 10 to 560 WQM.
One of the best kept South Florida dining secrets is right in Coral Springs.
The Gold Coast seafood grill.
They just celebrated their one-year anniversary.
They got a big fat three and a half stars from the Sunsid, their one-year anniversary.
They got a big fat three and a half stars from the Sunsid and the Showtime dining review.
It's a great place.
And they get about 10 stars from George.
And what's his name?
He used to work there.
The Gold Coast seafood grill.
It's got specialties including mango plums salmon.
Amincrested Mahi Mai.
Did he ever come and get his crap?
Pardon?
Scott.
Did he ever come and get his stuff?
Nope.
Orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout.
We're talking about our spot.
Not far out.
There's an incredible bar atmosphere at the Gold Coast seafood grill with extensive wine and martini list.
Big martini is so gigantic.
You can almost have the whole family take a bath in it.
During happy hour only five and a half bucks and four to seven p.m. seven days a week.
The Gold Coast seafood grill you'll find in Coral Springs at 27.52.
North University drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center.
For reservations more information called 954-255-Fish.
You can dine inside or outside.
Large parties private functions are welcome too.
So if you want to check out the best kept secret and luncheon dinner dining,
this is the place you'll fall them over.
The food is just out of this world.
Gold Coast seafood grill and Coral Springs at 27.52.
North University drive inside the prestigious walk shopping center.
I can't stand them.
Wednesday night at 8.20.
Into the new makeover show where five straight guys,
butch up a game and who's tired of living a well-gruned fish and conscious lifestyle.
So how many days at a road do I need to wear these things?
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
Join us each week because our boys attempt to teach them manly man things real men do.
From the proper way to walk.
You need to take bigger strides, stretch out those lights.
Ouch, that hurts.
To how to talk like a truck driver.
Hey, truck cake, move it or lose it.
That's happening right?
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
Wednesday nights at 8.
Ow, take a broken nail.
Don't they have a corkscrew thing you'd open these beer cans?
You won't want to make it.
I didn't just think pro did I.
I did.
Ben 32 and 560 WQ out in the sky must be fallen don't you think?
Why is it?
Why is that?
Well, because of that thing in Massachusetts man, I mean this must be the end of the way as we knew it.
See?
It's falling.
Told you.
I don't get it.
You don't get what?
What's it to you?
Hey mister, you better start the men in your relationship with the Lord.
You know what?
I'll send you that right now.
But see, that's just a real guy relationship with the Lord has nothing to do with what vaguets are doing whether they're getting married or not.
Hey, quick to the factory, will you?
Sorry.
68, yeah, you speak over there who you couldn't.
68 votes.
Now you see, finally, as opposed to yesterday when I worded the pull very poorly, today I done good.
You want to know why?
Why?
Because we can put a Bill O'Reilly spin cycle on this.
We can spin it until it is real a rung dry.
Even though there's only four choices, you see what I'm saying?
Right.
You're 68 votes.
What's your take on Joe Rose 8 to 10 a.m. on QM?
Didn't listen before.
Dole Listen now 27.
That's about 40%.
Ah, and I don't believe that, do you?
Yeah, I've ever had that kind of a number 8 to 10.
Ah, I don't believe that.
You, you, people, kidn, huh?
Anyway, a breath of fresh air.
Welcome back Joe 19.
Listen to Farrell not to Joe 16.
18, I'm sorry.
And didn't listen to Farrell and listen to Joe 4.
Students say, oh, look at that.
To Farrell, people are with 18, but only for Joe.
But if he had the 4 plus 19, let's say a breath of fresh air.
Welcome back Joe, that's 23.
See?
Okay.
No, I'm confused.
That's the idea.
That's exactly the idea.
It's like what radio stations do, as you well know, when the ratings come up.
Right.
Well, number one and pigmies under the age of 12, B-O-L.
Let's apply that.
Right.
We live between Hellendale and Miramar within a four block radius.
We're number one half.
We got our whole audience is jammed right in there.
By the way, there's an awful lot of Jews in South Florida, you know?
Yeah, I noticed.
No, the reason I say that is because this morning we were scouring that website, that I'm a Jew.com or whatever that is, jdate.com,
which is a Jewish-shared dating website.
And I'm having to come across Josh Darrell, Clarence Darrell, our program director.
But I guess we've already put this stuff on the air before.
Well, you got it, thanks before, but I don't think you made much of it.
Oh, well, what is it in a really makeup?
I don't see.
We formed Jew.
He's has ages.
About third, man.
Yeah.
It says male, but there is some doubt in the building.
Ethnicity will tell you later.
Well, what does that mean?
That's a surprise.
He might be back.
Well, I got news for it.
When he takes his pants off, that's a surprise too, is what the beast is.
Ghost of Sinag has high holidays only.
Oh.
Young Kippur and Russia Shunan, or whatever he's a make-believe Jew, which is of course a pretty good one.
Keep kosher not at all.
He eats trief.
He has a bachelor's degree in buggery, drinking only socially, non-smoker, occupation, entertainment,
media, dramatic arts, and it well goes on sports, radio station, manager.
I shouldn't read all this on here, should I?
Well, what he's looking for, a date.
A date.
Not to get late, even.
Just a date.
Just somebody.
Not alive.
Just some living thing.
Not necessarily even human.
Just something living that'll hang out with him for a while for an hour or two.
Right?
Sure, even like a little bunny rabbit would be good.
Huh?
All right.
Political view, left wing moderate.
Children, I have no kids.
Income will tell you later.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
We'll tell you later alligator.
Huh?
Come on, clearance.
Fests up, baby.
How much do you think he's pulling down?
I don't want to say.
Why not?
Why is that so taboo?
He looks.
Come on.
Why would you think he's pulling down a year?
Buck 50.
You think?
Yeah.
Now where's the decimal point in that?
Personality, conservative, clean cut, easygoing, flexible open-minded.
Is he going to get pissed that he can running into why star-readness?
No.
Good.
He's probably not listening.
Because you know why?
Because we're not talking about sports.
Traits, humorous, witty, low maintenance, sensitive, nurturing, loving, outgoing, practical.
Yeah, see everybody says these things about themselves.
If you looked under a thousand of those same on that same website or any of these websites,
every person thinks that they're sensitive, loving, caring.
Don't they?
No.
Under those things?
Oh, I'm not either.
But, I mean, most people do.
That's because most people think they're hot, too.
If you looked at seven and pitch, you know, there were some pretty, believe me,
I have a better idea than you do because we were looking at guys.
George was looking at guys this morning.
But, I didn't see any of that.
I like them.
I sure did.
I saw a few.
But, my point being, I'll get back to that later on, clearance.
I'll see how pissed off he is.
But, because I need my checks on time and he's very good at that.
That's about all he's good at.
He's okay.
He's not a bad guy.
Kind of boring, but he's okay.
Anyway, here's the two stories.
One from Reuters and one from AP and the reason we need them both is because the fact that the Massachusetts court struck down the ban on same-sex marriage
doesn't mean there's going to be like same-sex marriages happening anytime soon in Massachusetts.
You understand that?
No.
Unlike you were in Ontario, where the day that they, the courts struck down a ban,
the day they started having gay weddings.
That's going on as I speak.
In fact, I'm looking out the window.
There's a whole bunch of food flies out there saying their vows.
It really looks like that.
They're doing something.
They'll be sorry.
The highest court in Massachusetts ruled just moments ago that it is constitutional for the state.
It is unconstitutional for the states of the nine marriage to gay and lesbian couples.
A move that could make the state the first to legalize same-sex marriages.
The Supreme Judicial Court issue in the ruling of the case, Goodrich versus the public health department of public health,
lost it was brought by several gay and lesbian couples seeking the right to marry in Massachusetts.
Gay marriages, of course, are forbidden in the U.S. although one state for month,
allows same-sex civil unions, and that bill was signed by former governor Howard Dean.
And there's some people who, oh, well, kneels for Howard Dean because he said, oh, it's got nothing to do with it.
If he signed it, wouldn't have signed it.
He's still far and away to best candidate.
The only thing I'm wondering though is I'm pondering in my mind is can he win?
Because one thing Democrats and a country can't afford is to have another candidate like Michael Ducaca
and people of that age who'll congeorge the government and Walter Mondale who can't win a national election.
That would be bad.
That would be bad.
You know what I'm saying?
He can win unless.
Why? Because you said so?
That's right.
Oh.
Oh, okay.
Depending on the law.
Earlier this year, the U.S. Supreme Court overturned state's Sodomy laws and moved some conservatives said could open the door to gay marriage.
That decision and Canadian steps taken legalized the emerges earlier this year have intensified the debate is what it says on a Reuters story.
An AP, it does point out the Supreme Court's four to three ruling order the legislature in Massachusetts to come up with a solution within 180 days.
In other words, they stopped sort of allowing marriage lessons to the B issue to couples who challenge law,
but they have given the legislature in that state 180 days to decide how they want to handle it.
Maybe with rubber gloves or maybe just with rubbers.
These Supreme Court judicial courts ruling closely matches the 1999 Vermont Supreme Court decision,
which led there to the legislature approval in 2000 civil unions that gives couples many of the same benefits as marriage.
The decision is the latest in the series of victories for gay rights advocates,
but feel sure to what the seven couples who sued the state hoped to receive the right to marry their long time companion.
Well, come on up to Canada.
Come on up, you faggot, you queens.
Massachusetts question now returns to the legislature, which already is considering a constitutional amendment that would legally define a marriage as a union between one man and one woman.
The state's powerful House of Speaker of the House, Tom Fitterman of Boston, has endorsed that proposal,
which I'm sure his friends of the Catholic Church are very grateful for.
And our positive will be working feverishly to assure that this happens that we don't allow a factory in marriage, okay?
Because then the church God forbid would have to like consecrate these unions,
these horrendous grotesque abominations in the eyes of the Lord,
and then the pope will get pissed off, and God knows Jesus might make a comeback.
How do you like that?
He might have to come back down here and straighten everybody out so to speak.
Wouldn't that be bad?
Yeah, bad.
Although it'd be good for ratings if he does it during sweeps.
Sure as hell, put that Reagan thing to rest.
Twenty-four-eleven at five-six-dead, do I seem a little bit whipped up today?
I don't know what it's all about.
Just a little bit, I don't know.
I don't know why.
And I like that first article I read.
Maybe I'll read it again.
I've sure hope I didn't shmit, can't.
I like it a lot.
It would not have got it here as a matter of fact.
By Alan Snyder, who is an instructor of philosophy and ethics,
and obviously a brilliant guy who tells it like it is with a big mouth who isn't afraid to open up it like Al Franken,
and tell it exactly the way it is, and debunk all his right-wing bullcrap,
and all this phony baloney garbage that passes for media in America.
So you can't complain about the media in America because generally speaking there isn't any.
You just got a bunch of powder puff wearing the cheerleading assholes waving pom-poms like Trent Lot.
If you care.
Yes.
I'll send you a picture of that dead punk.
Oh.
Is he naked?
No.
Nineteen-before-loven at five-six-dead, W.M. Hanley, let me tell you,
speaking of the hopper in the sack, you know, I guess Clarence would even take a dead person.
In fact, yeah.
Huh?
How old was he?
Twenty-seven Clarence is thirty.
See if we can't do something about getting Clarence to body.
It worked for quite a while.
It was good enough for quasi-moto.
It's good enough for our Clarence, right?
The cold-slee-moto did dead people.
At least it.
Yeah.
Don't you remember?
No.
Well, you better go see it again.
Okay, the hunchback I've not to die.
Or maybe just take a trip to Notre Dame and have a little puffed down Jesus.
Eighteen to eleven.
I'm trying to do the spot.
You keep it up to here.
I'm trying to talk about dial amateurs.
Okay?
Gets a good night's sleep for yourself on a dial amatrist.
Just call one eight hundred mattress where you pick the day in time for delivery within
the eight to our Windows seven days a week.
Like I've been telling you for a long, long time from eight in the morning till ten
and I would.
It's convenient for you.
They show up.
They take away the crappy smelly old vetting the set up brand new in a North to charge.
And you'll be really happy because dial amateurs unlike the others.
No phony claims.
No shell games.
No BS.
No false promises.
Just great, unbeatable discount prices every day in the top mattresses in the world.
Now, including, Stearns and bananas foster.
So how can you beat it with a stick?
What are you wasting your time in those vetting and departments doors paying for their
big overhead when you can just sit there and make that one easy call to one eight hundred
mattress and be sleeping like a baby tonight?
On a sales practices, unbeatable, fantastic service in those everyday low prices, same
day delivery and free set up and removal like I said only moments ago.
So it's easy to see why dial amateurs is ranked the best in the world of customer satisfaction.
Miguel sleep it on one.
I am a Georgia.
So there's like a we're batten of thousand so far.
Volca Brian even fat boys.
In other words, most of us with a brain are sleeping on a great mattress and dial amateurs.
You ought to be too.
Do yourself and your back a big favor call one eight hundred M-A-T-T-R-E-S. One eight
hundred M-A-T-T-R-E-S or find them online at mattress.com.
Live and local.
We're sports radio five sixties.
You a U-A-M.
When people say things to you, do you want to hit them?
Are you interested in learning how to attack innocent defenseless passers-by?
Well, now you can.
Introducing the Liza Manelli School of Unprovoked Violence.
Liza herself will show you how to cold cock innocent bystanders.
A vise of welcome.
A vise of welcome.
Say, aren't you Liza Manelli?
That was a vise of welcome.
That was a bell.
My wife loves you.
I love you, Blah, Blah.
Would you mind signing this for her?
That was a bell.
That was a bell.
That was a bell.
That was a vise of welcome.
The Liza Manelli School of Unprovoked Violence.
Excuse me.
Do you know how I got a library?
That was a baby.
I'm looking for a library.
That was a library.
What?
That was a vise of welcome.
What?
Yup, yup, yup, yup.
That was a baby.
That was a baby.
That was a baby.
That was a baby.
That was a baby.
No waitlisting, no dieting.
No cardio.
All you need is a magic of the Liza Manelli Martini-Oxy-Cutton cocktail.
Drink nine eight ounce glasses a day for a superhuman strength.
Excuse me, Miss Manelli.
That was a little bit of a lie.
I loved you and cabaret.
That was a little bit of a lie.
Nobody played that part better than you.
That was a baby.
Why are you juleing at a sight of your mouth like that?
I'm talking about the frills of paradise.
What?
What?
That's a no-o-cat-a-ray.
What can you drink?
Boom!
Go!
Liza Manelli herself showed you how to cold-cock.
It is in my standards who are nothing more than to merely compliment you.
The Liza Manelli School of Unprovoked Violence.
Classes forming soon.
And you know what I always say?
There's nothing worse than a cold steak.
1048 is 560 WQ-142 votes on there on the poll.
You know what they just showed?
They just showed a mock gay wedding at the University of Central Florida.
I don't get it.
A mock gay?
Right.
Like they weren't really gay.
No, it wasn't really a wedding.
They were singing mockin' bird by Aynas Afox.
No, it was like a make-believe.
In other words, it was like a put-on.
Kind of like the whole church thing, like a put-on.
And they had the fake priest there.
He looked like a real screamer.
And the protestors showed up, of course.
Oh my God, it's an abomination in the name of Lord!
See, I'm gonna tell you right now, I'm not gonna pull any punches no more.
You religious people are crazy people.
And everything that's going on in the world right now, real bad.
All of it.
Not most of it.
Not some of it.
Not a little teeny tiny bit of it.
All of it is because of you people.
It religious nuts.
Amen, brother.
And like what you were, what were we watching?
I was watching something here this morning when we were talking before the show.
And it was something with a Catholic chair.
Oh, it was about the Italian soldiers that got killed and they brought them back to bodies.
Italy.
Yeah.
And they were showing the funeral.
And they were showing the priest there, who had read the cap and the schmata.
And they were like throwing a holy water on a casket.
My God, what is wrong with people?
What is wrong with you?
In all these ridiculous trappings and crappings.
And with all this expensive and flowery stuff and the outfits in the garb and the miter.
And the wafers.
And when you're gonna stop with this stuff and wake up and use your brain.
We're getting ready to blow the whole goddamn world up because everybody's fighting about their stupid.
Superstitions are more or less stupid than everybody else's.
Christ.
Oh, sorry.
142 votes.
No, it's just frustrating.
Every word in the world that gets worse and worse and worse.
All of this stuff that adjoves in the Arabs.
Like what's his name said?
Michael Moore.
Castle Hoist of both of them.
Okay.
Give him enough money to buy weapons to blow each other off the face of the globe.
And that said over there in the Middle East.
What does that have to do with us?
Nothing.
Nothing at all.
Just like you said about the game eruditing.
What is it anybody else's business?
Nothing.
Oh, but the children, the children, the right.
Yeah.
Yeah, you straight people are doing one hell of a great job, man.
With your track working on very just family.
Is there nothing with children?
They can be having any?
Man, oh man.
145 votes.
What's your take on your rose 8 to 10 a.m. on QAM?
Who now was that?
Anyway, don't you didn't see it.
It's not my cable here.
You can see it.
You don't care.
Anyway, what's your take on your rose 8 to 10 a.m.?
Didn't listen before and all this enough 56.
Q 56.
See that?
How that fits in?
Queer.
38.6%.
I don't believe that.
A breath of fresh air.
Welcome back to 044.
That's nice.
Listen to Pharrell.
Macho Joe.
34.
Didn't listen to Pharrell.
And listen to Joe 111.
I don't want 145.
So if you add to 44 11, that's 55.34, right?
Right.
That's our spin.
That's the spin I'm putting on.
I'm spinning it.
I could like a grader.
Like my own little grader.
I'm spinning it right now.
What's wrong with that?
With grader?
No, but it doesn't.
Doesn't that sound like I'm analyzing this the correct way?
So everybody better hop on that pull because the other one's going to go up eventually.
When I get around to it.
I've got too much stuff here.
Because I'll present that to you in England and just in case anything's going on over there,
I'm just checking the BBC.
I have the majority of Muslims all over the world.
You've been very selective in who you've spoken to.
The majority, there you go.
I've got the BBC standing by just in case because obviously they'll be on the case real quick.
Bad news for all president today.
A lot of bad news.
Paul finds Bush's job approval that only 50% says USA today.
President Bush's job approval rating is sagging.
I assure Hope Ollie you've got a chance to see him this election.
Now he picked the advice president there on our website as he picked a real winner.
That was back when he was part owner of the Texas Rangers.
Obviously he was detained one of the ball games several years ago.
And he evidently was digging for gold.
So you don't have to be in California to find gold.
Even in Texas you could find it.
Well I never struck oil with all those holes he drilled into the...
No wouldn't surprise me if he struck something in there.
Like maybe that hole where his brain used to be.
I've got you.
Several other categories.
His add or near the lowest point of his presidency says this Gallup poll.
As the war-interract rags on the country is nearly split over the president's leadership,
which is shocking in itself because if anybody out there's got a brain no matter what their politics,
they should realize that all of these people over there are dying,
including two more American kids yesterday,
for nothing based on lies.
And all these are racking.
See we never think about that because it's always us against them,
which of course is the way he deleted the whole thing.
You either witness it against us, the good guys, the bad guys.
Like life is some kind of a Hollywood cowboy movie.
In these kind of simplistic ashenine terms for people with no brain like him.
But when you see the pictures of these people over there,
guess what? They're just people.
No they're Arabs.
They deserve that.
No they're just people over there not evil doors most of them.
They're just people who are trying to like live and trying to like put their pants in the dress on in the morning,
whatever they're doing or schmothers.
And that's it.
They had a comment.
And they're dying by the thousands and thousands.
Not of course the mention they wounded and remained including the Americans,
which there's thousands and Brits.
It's worth it.
And it's all based on a lie.
And 50% of the country, well you know, I mean what does it take?
What does it take to get the American public to finally wake up and say you know what?
We're tired of being lied to.
This is a bunch of crap.
And the rest of the world are a little bit quicker on the uptake like the Brits, for example,
as much as I despise their whole mentality, never less.
Even though Stagy's stuffy old Brits are on to him.
Well they have real media there as he's got to discover.
As the war drags on in Iraq, the country's nearly split over to President's leadership.
50% approval of the job he's doing.
47% disapproved.
50% approval rating, which equals the lowest approval and highest disapproval of his presidency,
which occurred in late September when the post-combat phase of Iraq took turn for the worst.
In the coming election, Bush will be challenged on his Iraq policy.
He's not have to defend the effectiveness of the actions he's taken.
Said, Murl Black, a political scientist at Emory University in Atlanta.
Right now it's very dicey, he said.
Dicey.
A drop in approval by women was a key factor.
A month ago, 53% of the women approved of the overall job he was doing now, 44%,
support by men fell from 60 to 56%.
See that's that macho thing.
That's your people, George.
Your people.
And my people, I'm Orthodox Jews, those people.
Oh, it's good praise, real.
Yeah.
Katsahoyce.
Independence, the voters who can swing close elections are becoming more critical too.
Bush's approval in that group is down to 42% from 49% just a month ago.
Following that bouncing ball, no.
Registered voters who say they'll vote for Bush's reelection, 44% of those pulled are about equal
to those who say they won't 43% one in eight are undecided.
They're waiting to see if he gets smart.
Right now it's anybody's ball game, but if I were betting I'd still bet on Bush,
there's still a long way to go.
So Steven Wayne, a political scientist at Georgetown University in Washington,
Wayne says the advantages of income and see in Bush's record setting fundraising give him an edge.
But the polls show other weaknesses.
Nearly six in 10, which sounds like about 60% to me, say Bush is not in touch with the problems of ordinary Americans.
There's split on whether he cares about the needs of people like you.
His 49% score on that question is the lowest since he took office fewer than half are competent
than Bush can get the economy moving.
It's kind of like whether my mother can get her bottles moving unlikely.
Keeping a president's job approval about 50% is critical in any White House.
Every president who averaged 50% or better in the year of his reelection contest won a second term.
Every president whose average fell below 50% during that year.
Guess what happened?
What?
They lost.
Better economic news in October helped Bush's ratings a bit then,
but increased violence in Iraq this month as push the economy out of the headlines
and raised further questions about the effectiveness of Bush's policies and his freaking lies.
His incessant obnoxious lies and his sacrifice of human life.
I'm more personal after being my editorializing in this a little bit.
On more personal attributes, although Americans are not as admiring a Bush's they were in the days after 9-11
or right after the US tanks rolled into Baghdad, his ratings are still solid.
Regardless of how they rated job performance, nearly 7-10 like him as a person.
Nearly 6-10 said that he's honest and trustworthy.
Oh my god!
Two thirds rated him as a strong and deceiving a decisive leader.
How do you like that?
Nearly 6-10 say he's honest and trustworthy.
Those must be mostly the same people who said that we found weapons of mass destruction
and that Sodom was behind 9-11 and that Sodom and Osama are doing it.
Is that incredible or what?
Yes, incredible.
And I'm going to say it again.
The media is to blame.
The media is to blame.
You heard when I potted up the BBC this morning that we're talking about all the protests over there
and they're making that the lead story.
And then about the dead bodies and the Italian soldiers who were the funerals, all of these things.
And what's America doing?
MSNBC is still over there.
They're wall of heroes.
And we got the Jessica movie and she says, well I wasn't a hero.
Yes you were.
It reminds me of the life of Brian.
Right.
Yeah, you're the savior.
No, I'm not.
Oh, it says here the savior will deny it.
Okay, I'm the savior.
Yeah, see you are admitted it.
Same crap.
The American public is spoon fed a bunch of horse crap, man.
And they eat it up.
They love it.
That's probably number one.
Forget about burgers and fries and stuff like that.
The American people have horse crap with relish.
10.57.560.
No crap here.
Imagine this.
Imagine zero closing costs, zero application fee when you get your next mortgage.
Zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points.
And this will be the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with an interest rate is just 1.95%.
So low, it's almost unbelievable.
That's only $738 a month if you have a $200,000 loan.
And get this.
Once you refinance or get a new home mortgage from our friends at financial group, you'll never, ever say it again.
Never pay closing costs again.
So find out about a call 1-800-940-Land.
Grab real financing power with a low rate mortgage.
You can move your next property without further cost or expense.
The only one mortgage from financial group.
Call 1-800-940-Land for details.
It's a whole new way to buy.
There is zero underwriting fee zero, doc fee zero prepayment penalty, zero closing costs.
Even when you move to another property.
So get you financing at an amazing low 1.95%.
Call 1-800-940-Land and never ever pay closing costs again.
Call them today and get all the details.
There's no obligation call financial group 1-800-940-Land.
The Renequal Housing Lender restrictions apply rates subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
My life and look old.
This is for trade-off by city.
You ain't too way.
The crap you can unwrap. All the slime all the time.
If anybody has a opinion.
The sentin' from our way.
We'll place your name into the system.
And send a me of the same.
Don't even bother to question.
Just follow, don't say.
Everybody's spending time.
That's just USA.
In the act of victory in them.
We're watching all of you.
Everyone does a special.
So why would you do?
This is for nation.
And all you might lose.
This bush for the landmation.
That's just USA.
You gotta hate those two.
And Clinton's liberals too.
Believe everything we say.
And the state run new.
Bloodwater for cornbread.
Feel up your escalade.
A roof and tiny bush been new.
That's just USA.
We don't mind you see our jobs go.
A by the kind of is good.
We're fast and they did fine.
Don't need no stupid books.
All hour is crazy.
The facts are current and way.
Everybody's turning fashion.
Like a USA.
11.04.560 WQM.
Happy at 2.2.
We got the mad dog at 2.
We got to figure out which dog is coming up.
We got the fat dog at 4.
A hopper beer at 4.
You got the big ol.
You got a hop dog.
He'll be there at 7.7.10.
Eddie K.10 and Joe Mark over night 2.5.
Joe is back from where he was.
Probably concerning with the Pope.
What does that mean?
There's an arrow on line 6.
Here's an arrow in Hollywood.
Hello.
I am.
I'm born in 1973 and live on a happy.
Happy.
Thank you very much.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
I've been listening to your program.
Oh, so many bad ideas this whole little time.
There's the list that Sean had faxed in many of these
on his suggestion a couple of my Schmidt candidate.
I had a few my own.
Red Sox owner selling paper with the Yankees
the financial Broadway show.
Chris Darden.
Let's have OJ try to gloves.
huh? Nice going, Chris. You know what he says now? I don't give a sh**. Well, I don't blame you.
Hitler, opening the second front against Russia. United Nations, creation of Israel in the middle of a
billion people who hate them. Secret service 1963, foregoing the limo bubble-top in Dallas.
Marsha Clark, allowing an early all-black jury. Neville Chamberlain, Unicro Agreement, peace in our time.
US Congress impeaching Bill Clinton for lying about blow jobs. Supreme Court stopping the
Florida vote count in the 2000 election. Al Gore picking Jew Lieberman for his running mate.
Indira Gandhi, I'm sure six will make excellent bodyguards. Sorry. I love that one. Fox Network
The Chevy Che Show. Syndicators giving Magic Johnson a TV show. Lyndon Johnson escalating
US involvement in Vietnam. I think that's a magnificent list of, you know, you can add to it,
but that's pretty damn good. Tough to add to it. Huh? The number one bad idea of the last century.
Wow. How about hiring SCRUAN WINICK as the sales manager at QAM?
Oh, he's building is so good. You know, and who else would have touched?
Ro! Is there a hand, you know? I got him at least. He shouldn't be choosing that bitch.
Wow. I mean Ro wasn't, I don't know him that well, Roy Foster. I know whether he's a good guy or a bad guy.
He just kind of like a big guy. Big, yeah, a big old football playing guy. Kind of dark.
But one thing about him, he was pretty gruesome.
And she said that when she got nearer to gruesome.
Right. And after he quit football, it grew some.
Oh man. And then he had that big asperatic that he kept running around with that he brought.
I wonder what he did with that thing. You know where he's stuck. I don't want to know.
Oh, God. I don't even imagine. Did Miguel ever see that? Did you ever see that big black
side? That thing. A black thing named Gildo.
Pubmots after 11 at 5. 60. A very perverse place. QM. And it's just the way we like it.
Okay. If there's anybody out there, I've adopted different attitude. I'm sick and tired of
assholes, man. I have no more patience for crap. I'm drawing the line today.
Mark it on the calendar. Remember 18. The day that the trends are coming out at 1 o'clock.
Neil draws the line. The final line in the sand. I just, I have no more room in my life for
the religious assholes. And for all these other radio assholes, enough already. Too many assholes
running around on the loose. You know what I'm talking about? No. What? Yeah. Hell you don't.
Man, just too much of that crap. Too many people dragging you down. We got such a short time
on a planet. You know, just leave us alone. Let us enjoy our lives. And like you said, who
the hell gives a crap about this one's marrying that one? Who cares? Okay. The whole concept,
anyway, it's like some kind of a piece of paper, you know. Oh, now it's okay. You can go and
screw your brains out and do it. Every position that's ever been invented, unless it grows your
Catholic, in which case it's only saw, you know, everything is sawed on me, unless the priest is
doing it. Then there's no passion involved then. What do you expect from a church where the
number one hobby is to alter boys? 11, 13 at 5, 60 big storms into Orleans. Anybody care?
No. Just mention that. Let's do some Toronto with it. Kind of murky. Hey, if your life is kind
of murky, because your job sucks. If you're underpaid, if they work you like a dog and your paycheck
is anymore talking about, how about getting a new high paying career? Maybe you don't have four
years or the money to pay for college. But here's an answer for you. Pick up that phone to call
Fast Train Tool-Free. Please be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck told you to call that or really
get you to begin. Call 1-866 Fast Train. Fast Train can have your train in certified for a great
high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist
who are in his little last four months. That's correct. You can be fully trained ready for a new
career in his little last four months and say goodbye to your dead end job and a deadbeat boss too.
Fast Train offers day-inning weekend classes. They offer your job placement assistant
and financially the people who qualify as well. So what's not to like? And Fast Train's got four
soft-load locations. So just figures. There's probably one very close by you. So if you want to get
out of your dead end, if you feel like your life is on a treadmill, if you're a feed-in movement,
but you're going nowhere as fast, call Fast Train and change all about it. If you want, you can check
them on the web at fast train.com. Get all the info you're looking for and then make that call
to which like I said, could really change your life. Call one, 866 Fast Train.
The Neil Roger. I guess it's Madonna. Yeah. You're a singer, an actress,
you're a mother. Yeah. But emphasis is first children. No, my emphasis is my priority is
ask very important. Very important. Yeah. You know, if you could do only one thing, it would be.
Go down. You've always been good at that, haven't you? Totally. People like to see you go down.
Yeah. You like riding too? Absolutely. Yeah. Love it.
That'll work. Back with more, don't go away. And bring a handkerchief on the tissue or two.
No, we don't trust you. Love an 19 at 560 WFUAM. So anyway, that picture of Jonathan Brandis
that you emailed me. Yeah. And you thought that I mean, I'm just I'm a gas. Okay. I'm just
a gas. You wouldn't know what he looked like. There he is. Well, you know what he looks like?
Yeah. I know. Like a little girl. Right. Well, that's it. Didn't he? Sure.
Oh, Eric, don't be bugging me with this stuff. Okay, Eric. What is this? There was no story
attached to the digits. Don't worry about it. Maybe that was from yesterday. I don't know,
Eric's getting on my nerves. And of course, we got Eric doing heavy duty now. It is pulled
today. I must have taken him hours to have to type all of this stuff. We can change the pull now.
Anytime you're ready, Eric, don't worry about any story. You didn't get on there. Believe me.
Jonathan Brandis, he was 20, 70s dead. And of course, I started, you know,
countrying up things because I had no idea who that was. He was very pretty for like a little girl.
You know, he's a good man. He looked like a little flamer to me. Let's see. Oh, here you go. This
is good. I like this from Alan and Alexandria, Virginia. Don't you like this? Yes, I do.
The FCC deregulating the broadcast industry. What the oh, that's from me. Oh, man, that's a good idea.
Miguel. How do we say that? FCC deregulates broadcast industry. Okay. Okay. FCC deregulates. Yeah.
And now, wait a minute. New Coke. Right. Remember? New Coke. What about Coke classic? Well,
that was the response to the new Coke fiasco. They had to bring back the original Coke and they
called it Coke classic. They changed the recipe, changing the Coca-Cola recipe. Wait a minute. I
don't understand. Then why do we still have Coke classic and Coke on the shelves? You don't
do some or are there? Is there a difference? You don't anymore. Yes, we do. Who does here? There in
Canada. We got Coke classic up the ass, man. And maybe in Canada, there's no such thing as Coke,
New Coke or Coke classic anymore. They went back to the world. Let me say it again. Let me say it
again. There it is. And in the end, you're wrong. There is Coke classic in the US. You're wrong
about that. Really? I seen it in public myself. I own four eyes. All right. You're wrong. Okay.
I'll go in front of the machine right now. I don't know from old Coke. No, in other words, Miguel
knows. You've seen Coke classic, right? Right. He's lately. Yeah, it's still there. So if Coke
classic is, I mean, this is very heavy-duty stuff. If it's the same old Coke as like as opposed to
New Coke, then why do we need Coke classic and just plain or ordinary Coke unless, of course,
just like Chef Boyard, he to sell a lot more crap because nobody likes New Coke. They like Coke classic.
You don't understand. You're not getting my drift at all. Okay. Drift away. You're not getting it.
Change if we have a Coke classic is the original Coke or Colony before they tried that horseball
New Coke that everybody hated. Then why do we need Coke classic still and what is called just
plain old pedestrian God damn Coke? Why do we need that? Okay. We don't do what I'm saying.
Maybe the president could tell us why we need Coke. He's an expert. He knows something about it.
The nose knows. Wait till I read that thing from Al Franken about Bill O'Reilly speaking of the
nose nose and the splotches on that picture. Man, what an asshole. Okay. Here we go. The number one
bad idea of the last century. They're going, oh, nice going here. Like I said, all is forgiven. Come
back home. I don't know what to vote for. They're so bad. You know what? It's true.
So I'm just going to punch one up. I guess Chris Darden. Yeah, let's try to gloves on.
Oh, yeah. And see, in the way he tried them on, you know, with that exasperated look like,
oh, you see that if you don't fit, we must have quit and you're full of shmit, you know, all that crap.
Remember that? Yeah. I remember like it was just yesterday. I mean, talk about overacting. Oh,
yeah, well, those gloves are too damn small. Man, they're too small. Just like those,
those stick in ugly, ugly ass Bruno Mali shoes. Huh? We know you did it, OJ. Everybody in
America knows that you're a murderer. Everybody in the world, every living person on the planet,
even the God damn brought the sources, even those old ancient things that don't exist no more. They know
the Brontet source. They know you're a murderer in son of a bitch and you got away with it. See,
that's one thing to get away with it. But when you're like in a public eye like he is, you know,
when you got the public eye for your miserable fly, then you got a real problem. Okay, that's why
then they will hate you. They don't fear you. They hate you like poison. Only the only people
would like you are like screw in and fill us and probably a greg read. That's it. Sports nerds.
People with no lives. I bet you even clearance like OJ. You think? No, I think he likes tank.
And what about that classic co-classic man? I can't believe that you think that there's no more
co-classic. I haven't seen co-classic. I'm a guest. But you probably, you don't go to the supermarket
very much. Yes, I do, but I buy Pepsi and I don't look at the code. Well, now we're talking. Now,
we finally found some common ground, baby, because I love caffeine-free diet Pepsi. In fact, I'm
drinking it right now. I'm chugging it. I'm puzzling it. I got diet Pepsi up the ass.
Moms says it's good for a wild BM once in a while. Did you know that my grandmother took an
animal every day of her life? No. He wants you as a little girl, I believe. Really? Here's Miami.
Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, get ready. You're getting life. Okay. Get rid of your attitude,
man. We don't like your crappy attitude. Remember what I said? The buck stops here today. I'm
tired of crap. Not interested. Here's Pompato Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir.
I wanted to ask something about an idea for a poll. What do you think would be the best idea for
the new movie? Now, I think we have to get rid of the Electoral College when it comes to
the presidential election. That's a good idea. I mean, really should have died a long time ago.
Now, we wouldn't be in this mess that we're in today. You're right. Yeah, I mean, think about it.
If you just carry six or seven key states, I mean, that's it. You don't have to get a vote anywhere
else in the country. And not only that, but it makes a vote in, say, California or Pennsylvania,
so much more valuable than a vote in Vermont or Delaware. Exactly. And you know, one of the
things I tried calling yesterday regarding the poll about movies and there was a fun, I have a
suggestion for you, which it won't be incident. It was made in 1967. It's about a group of people
that are on the New York subway, a little bit of night, and there's two people that are terrorizing
them. It's a pretty good care. Sounds good. Check it out. You know, really, it was made in 1967. You've
got Martin Sheen, Gary Merrill, Jack Wilford and Bo- Gary Merrill. Black haven't heard that name
in a coons age. Very Merrill. He was a good actor. Yeah, he was. Very good. Believe it or not,
Ed McMahon is in this movie. It's definitely not to check out. It's called The Incident. It's
a Black and White movie made in 1967. I strongly recommend it. I'm going to dig it up.
Did you ever see Bob Roberts with Tim Rob? Yeah, I love that movie. That's the movie.
They won't even let go into the theaters today if they released it now. No way. No way. They'd
be shutting them all down. Thanks a lot, Pally. Thank you. Have a great day. 1126, 26 past the hour.
We got the trends coming out of one o'clock. A very pressure pack. They can you smell it? Wow.
So how did that other one come out? I never, uh, Erica. That's my bad. I never found out how the
other poll came out. Would Joe Rose in the for- Wow. They didn't listen before. They don't listen
now. Was in the lead. No, seriously. I want to see the numbers. So I'm sure Eric will, uh,
he'll fax it along or put it. I'll do something with it. He'll wipe with it.
Anyway, hey, here's a great place for you. My good friend, Shelley Bloom is still going strong in
Miami. Shelley Bloom's fashion clothingers have been doing it right for the guys in South Florida for
40 long, amazing years in the same great location. How many other people have been around for
that long? Not too many. There were 26, 50 Northwest Fifth Avenue in Miami Fashion District.
And at Shelley Bloom's, you'll find the best, most beautiful men's clothing from suits and sport
coats, slacks, dressings, sports shirts, ties, even shoes. Ask the fine people at Shelley Bloom's
clothes. What the secret is today in business for the past 40 years. And I'll tell you, it's not
rocket science. It's simple. The secret is the three keys to their success are service,
selection and price. Unbeatable. Georgia, our money suits itself from 1395 bucks to 1595 are only
795 bucks. A Shelley Bloom is fashion clothingers. They even offer a fantastic selection of Italian
suits, starting at just 225 each. The selection is unbelievable. The service is great. Thousands
of suits and stock at all times. All operations are the best you'll find anywhere. So the choices
yours you can be a slob like me or you can really be a fashion plate by a shopping for your clothing
at Shelley Bloom's. Stocked by today, the address again is 2650 Northwest Fifth Avenue in the Miami
Fashion District. They're open Monday through Saturday 913 AM till 6 in the PM. Shelley Bloom's
fashion clothingers, please tell them that sloppy old Neil sent you by.
Oh,
oh,
all right, you and I went to the bar. We drank some whiskey from the jar. We got drunk all over town.
Then I asked you to go down you go, says like a master but soon there. One disaster, the
food show went down easy. Now you're saying you're queasy. It felt good just like it should,
but then it's done because you were drunk. You spilled your guts.
Pugin on my nuts.
Her drunk in horror is really wack. I look down to see her last neck. I had come right back.
Pugin on my sack. I thought I could get a decent hammer, but dinner on my boner is a bummer.
Now my lab is full of crap because my mom started to go up your tonsils, fill your guts.
Pugin on my nuts. All right, I was hoping for a decent BJ, but now I am wearing Chinese buffet.
All my bones were getting louder. Now my lab looked like cramped chowder, nasty slut.
Pugin on my nuts.
I should have held back my thrust. You lost your lunch. Now my lab has turned to disgust.
Pugin on my nuts. Jump in all your lunch. Pugin on my nuts.
Love a 32-28-0-560 W. Thank you, Eric. 162 votes on it for his pool. What's your take on Joe Rose,
AIDS-10-A, among QM, which I thought was permanent, and then I find out this morning, well,
I don't know what it is. They're all always playing games. Why did you presume that?
Presume what? That it was permanent. Because I saw his name on his schedule every day,
and that was the scut about around the building before I left. That here's the answer,
and this is great. We're real happy he's back, and nobody said anything to the contrary.
Guess they should have printed it in italics.
Yeah. Anyway, didn't listen before, don't listen now. 96, 36.6%.
A breath of fresh air. Welcome back, Joe. 93.
Listen to Pharrell, not to Joe. 57. Didn't listen to Pharrell, and listening to Joe's 16.
So, who knows? I don't know what that means, do you?
Nope. Good. That was the idea. I mean, why we can put the other pool back up there anytime you
wish, Eric. Anytime you wish. Thank you for putting that back, because I was my bed.
What happens when you're in a rush? Jay and Davey says, what?
Rush. One thing left out of the 8 to 10 pool is listen to Pharrell, and listen to Joe,
not that it matters now, but what have done well. Oh, listen to Pharrell, and listen to it. Am I stupid or what?
I never even thought about that. Whatever. What are you going to do?
And bad idea. Beneath to Mussolini, I want to be part of a winning team, get Hitler on the phone.
Not bad, huh? He's still hanging out waiting for him. He's hanging anyway.
Well, you know what I mean, he told you just hanging.
He's hanging around. Now, what were you just saying about something?
No, not me. Yeah, you were something very important. You see, we're both guys. We go both got the big A.
Oh, the pool is back up. What was the number one bad idea to lie, Central? This is a great pool.
Thank you, Sean. United Nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people who
hate them. 10 Supreme court stopping Florida vote count the 2008 US Congress and
P.C. Bill Clinton for lying about blow jobs. Sixth secret service. 63 for going to
Bubble Top in Dallas. Five timely because we're only four days away from the anniversary of the
assassination of JFK. Al Gore picking Jewelieberman for running mate for Chris Darden. Let's have OJ
trying to gloves three. Lyndon Johnson, I just believe he was involved in Vietnam three,
and everybody else is like working on small potatoes. Here's a call from a pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm on the train. It was white. You were 11. Great.
I have so. Oh, brother. Get a phone. Get a real phone. Okay. Schmuck. And by the way,
Viva Fidel. Viva Fidel.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. You're a people man. Talk about one
dimensional. Here's a call from Hollywood. Hello. Yeah, one type of coke on the shelves of
public coke classic. It used to be new coke. And when they went back to coke, they called a coke
classic. No, absolutely. Not worth the coke. I'm telling you. It's not true. What do you tell
me? It's not to shelf. I know it's only one type of coke. Coke classic. There's no regular coke.
I have right right now. But you're a full of crap, man. You're doing coke. You're not working for
coke. You're doing it. Okay. I got a bottle in my hand right now. Diet caffeine-free coke.
Not classic coke. And you can get a red can of coke anywhere in the world. It says coke. It
doesn't say coke classic. It says coke classic and fine print. It does? Yeah. We don't want to
get out of town. We go. We got a can. He got a can. Yeah. Out of the machine. Out of the machine.
Yeah. It says. And what does it say? Coke classic. In little teeny tiny print. Right.
Well, it's not teeny tiny. It's about like half an inch high. Get out of here.
Coca-Cola. And then underneath it says classic. Well, they're hiding it. Right. Well,
the last guys right. I don't apologize. Apologize because I do see aren't you guys? No, I do not
apologize because who the hell he sees that? It says Coca-Cola. Okay. As opposed to like diet or
no, see there's other big bottles. The two liter bottles. They're the same. I told you this
before. They're the same color. Right. As the diet coke, they should be sued. They should, in fact,
get that guy back out of the phone. We're going to sue your ass for peddling a bullcrap. Yeah.
For making people die with sugar. Die it. They have the same golden kind of a rapper on a bottle.
You know, the thing, the whatever that's made on him. They have that. And it says Coca-Cola classic
in big letters. They're not hiding it. Okay. It's big. But I'm the little can. They're hiding it.
So who now knows what's in that crap? Okay. But I will say this if you drink enough,
that it will kill you. Make no mistake about that. You drink enough coke of any kind. It will kill you.
Believe me. Plenty of people we know. It weighed too much coke. What happened to Johnny Cash?
But what happened to his poor saddle ass? How was that from smoking too many fangots?
All of these things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Boy, people are really surly. It must be that FTA, A.
I guess the county is still in one piece so far. But you know, really a good idea. Come on down.
This is the same county that kept chasing away the Latin Grammys here because we might have
somebody from Cuba come in that would piss everybody off. We don't go away, please.
Until finally the last time, which nobody paid attention to anyway because Celia Cruz was the
keynote the speaker. They just propped your body up on the stage. But they want the FTA,
and you want to know why? Because I think it's like a death wish. I think my date counties got like a
fetish with chaos and violence and hysteria. Yeah. Yeah. Bring it on. You know,
the perfect place. Kind of like the president said, bring them on.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. About the Coca-Cola. I used to work for
a borrowing company in Miami. And a lot of the guys that worked in the plant worked for Coca-Cola
when he did that switch. And it was a big conspiracy. Because what happened was that the Coca-Cola
company noticed that the sugar prices were going really high. And they couldn't control the
cost of it because it's from different parts of the world. So what they did is they came up with
this good scheme or scam date switch where they changed it to a new formula. Weighted for a year
till all the old supplies of Coke ran out. So they could taste the difference. And when they brought
back the classic Coke, it wasn't really the original Coke that they started with. How do you like that?
Instead of sugar, it was corn syrup. Oh, geez. And before they did that, they bought
a farm. Not all the farms, but majority of the farms. The government pays the farmers not the plant
corn. Yeah. To play in the whole world with corn syrup for Coca-Cola, that's what happened.
So now the farmers also in the farming business, they're making three times the amount of money.
And legally, they cannot take that classic Coke off the bottle because they changed the recipe
from the original one 10 years ago. So on the canvas, they put the little teeny time the can
is still red. It was like the same old craft. Correct. But we're getting corn-holded by the Coke
people. It sounds like to me. That's the rules. Yep. Thanks. Thanks for the bad news, Palli. Thank you.
Yeah, Pepsi Rules is right. Where everybody should be off of Coke right now. Okay. In fact,
I'm going to spill off this diet Coke. Do you believe me? I'm going to empty my bag. I'm going to
empty my tea bag right now because this really frosts my ass to find out that the Coke people.
We didn't trust him anyway because we know they're poisoning the entire planet everywhere. You go
in the world. Oh, there's Coke, man. You won't find Pepsi too many places though. And that pisses
my ass off because Pepsi takes the hell of a lot better plus than not poisoning everybody. Well,
they are. But Taco Bell, baby. I love Taco Bell. Oh, God. I'm going there for lunch. I think
you inspired me. There's a Taco Bell right then not far. Huh? I think I'll go there for lunch too.
Me and Bokobrion. I do like that. That sounds like a weiner to me. I'm going to just
Mosy on over to Taco Bell. Sounds swell. Even though we will. I'll go to hell.
What about that new thing that they have at Taco Bell? I haven't eaten anything since before
Greg Reed was an idiot. Like every month they bring out some crazy new thing. I like that.
Although then the bad thing is just like Wendy's does. They bring out something really good.
They have made man. That's good. And then you go back a month later. Oh, that was just
experimental, a temporary. We're not doing it no more. Because the reason it tasted so good
is probably because it was like more expensive to make it. It's like this guy's talking about
the sugar that was to expensive. So they stuck corn syrup in there. Oh, man. Corn syrup my ass.
And it goes reading the label and there it is. Corn-freak and syrup. Bigger than Bokobrion. See,
it's not on my label. No. Because I got my diet caffeine-free. I'm going to tell you five people
out there. You may not laugh Dr. Bob. He knew his crap. Caffeine will slow you down. Man,
caffeine is bad for you. If you try to lose weight, it's bad for your period. But if you try to
lose weight, forget about it. That for your ABS. Carbonated water, caramel color, phosphoric
and citric acid, aspartame, flavors. What does that mean, flavor? And of course, it's flavors with a
U because it's candidate. Well, silly people. Sodium benzoyote, acetylphane potassium. God
only knows what that is. And O Gazephi, colaramate or caramel. What is this?
What do I see? There's no separation because every other label's here, I have English in French.
But there's no separation here. So all of a sudden you are reading frog.
Blu, blu, blu, blu. You're probably going to be a paracasite. As a color of color,
crap like that. Like it's start talking out of your side of your mouth. Anyway, there's no
corn hole in my man because I got caffeine-free diet. I'm going to start drinking bottled water.
You know what, this stuff will kill you. Yeah, well, don't you think? I don't know. I do like Pepsi
better in when I find it in the store. Which you know, I can find it if I want to schlep it. But it's
bad for you. Showed up. God, they're killing us, man. They're killing us.
And if they're not killing us, they're killing the troops. That's the sad part in the public as well.
Blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, blu, like that. When and how are you people going to start caring? I
can't believe it. A country that just doesn't give a crap about human life. No more. Once upon a time,
life was worth something. I can remember those days being an old fart like me. Do you know what
it life is worth in America? Eight months. That's about it. And that's on a good day. That's with
inflation. I was speaking to Martha Stewart. There's that bitch. 18 till noon at 5.60 WQ. I feel like I'm
on drugs today. Maybe rush said his oxies over here, something flipped into my diet caffeine-free,
maybe it's not caffeine. Hey, rush your full of crap, baby. Let me tell you right now, you are
full of it. Hypocrite, hypocrite, liar, liar. Your thing is on fire, man. What a pile of junk.
Oh, they're all the drug people, all these people belong behind bars and blah, blah, blah. Yeah.
That's what he does every day, a pile of junk. When he looks in the mirror, that's what he sees. A
big, lying pile of junk. If you're looking for a fun and original gift for somebody's birthday,
anniversary or for the holidays, make somebody's day by sending you Vermont teddy bear. Just call
tool free, 1-800-829-bear, and a friendly bear, council will help you choose from over 100
handcrafted bears delivered with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box. You can shop online
to it from ontetaybear.com. It's more personal and fun than flowers and will be enjoyed forever
unlike flowers which are dead no matter of hours. You won't believe the great reaction you always
will get. Choose from bears like the birthday suit bear, the Thanksgiving turkey bear, or babies
first Christmas bear. They got bears for every occasion and all of the bears are handmade in
Vermont guaranteed for life. The quality is unbelievable. Unbelievable. I said overnight and Saturday
deliveries guaranteed too. So call Vermont teddy bear tool free 1-800-829-bear or you can shop them
online at Vermont teddy bear.com. That's 1-800-829-BEAR and placed on the roll of neal, told you to call.
Never slow bad late night focus rise with the 205 something real nice. I'm looking for a hot pot
party that tickles my phone tickles my phone. I'm taking out some food for the end to a room on my
dive right there when all lady in the birth issue open extra to my flashlight on my cover
with phone. You might say I'm in the drawer insecure, I'm lying into the floor and the dark with my
eight-pin chaffet short but there's so much action next door that you never get bored.
Never to pull every night I'm out of sight to that after blow-up vice police on my
vice service would go get a life and with a so much more buffing the average wife and
I do it for you to explore. Come and see the look through the blinds of me and
dream women in the shower with a double bee say why do I do this so long?
Hey you must be on for it. If you want to see some ties of me and I know it will be
making up your BPD so why do I do this so?
Hey you must be on for it. Absolutely.
From it it's still known by the way mole was out this morning rumors have it that the
head had to change the snaps on his bald spot so we could snap that piece back on because
people were laughing at those silly hands he was wearing. Snap transplant for the mole-myster.
Absolutely. Or maybe it's just some kind of like terminal illness. Wouldn't that be bad?
Yeah that would be bad. Anyway here's the pull result so far this is a great pull I don't
know if we're doing it justice. What was the number one bad idea of last century? United Nations
creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people who hate them like poison, 28.
Supreme Court stopping Florida hot count of 2011-20.
US Congress impeaching Goat Clinton for lying about blow jobs, 11.
Secret Service 63 for going the Alimbo Bubble Top in Dallas on a president's record 10.
See I like the way that we got this straight now. Was this Eric's doing or you're doing?
What's that? Coca-Cola changing its recipe seven.
As opposed to like putting new Coke on there? That's that's my wording if that's what you're asking.
Oh nice going Eric. Lyndon Johnson escalating US involvement in Vietnam six red socks on
a selling big root to the Yankees to finance a Broadway show six. Chris Darden let's have OJ
trying to glove six. That's going Chris you idiot. Thank God the prosecutors are really strong in
that try you know it. Oh man Al Gore picking Jewel Lieberman for running made five.
Neville Chamberlain Munich agreement peace in our time three.
Peace of Czechoslovakia peace of Poland peace of France. Peace of whatever you want.
Syndicate is giving magic Johnson a TV show three. Did you know he had another TV show on him
No I did not. Oh gun plan. I believe Hitler opening second front against Russia three the FCC
deregulating the broadcast industry three. Marsha Clark allowing an early all black jury appear
in Diracandi I'm sure the Sikhs will make an excellent bunch of bodyguards too
and Fox network the Chevy Che Show none so far.
For the Fox entertainment division out of 126 vote none zero.
Okay before we do anything else I got to get to some of this stuff because then one hour and
ten minutes you want to meet my pressure right out of hour and ten minutes we got the big trends
are going to be puking off that machine sure we'll have lots and lots of facts paper so we want
just the facts. Can Livingstone the mayor of London lots day stinging attack on President George
Bush last nineteen ounce the game is the greatest threat to life on his planet that we've most
probably ever seen. Absolute incorrect. His provocatively timed comments on the eve of Mr.
Bush's arrival in London threaten to create severe embarrassment for the prime minister.
All right they also come with talks underway and whether to read Mr. Livingstone to the labor
party before his five year exile ends. Although he made his many differences with the government
on a range of issues clear he reserved his strongest comments in an interview with the Eccolors
magazine for the American president. Mr. Livingstone recalled a visit to Ed Easter to California where
he was announced for an attack he had made on what he called the most corrupt and racist American
administration over eighty years. The mayor said some US journalists came up to me and said how can
you say this about President Bush well I think what I said then was quite mild I actually think
that Bush is the greatest threat to life on this planet we've most probably ever seen the policies
he's initiating will do us to extinction. Mr. Livingstone resulting a peace party for anti-war
groups in city hall that they added I don't formally recognize George Bush because he wasn't
officially elected so we're organizing an alternative reception for everybody who is not George Bush.
Yeah great he said he supported stronger links between European Union countries only because he
wanted to see the powerful black emers to rival the US the American agenda is sweeping everything
before it and although it's not perfect the EU is better on environmental issues it's a it's less
a less rapacious form of capitalism because gang rape ain't always funny. The mayor said he had
viewed labor's 97 election manifesto as a load of old guff they'd come out with because they
didn't want to upset the daily mail that rapidly would be ditched I was amazed by the transpire
that Blair Ben Sirius he said and on and on it goes. Isn't that great? It is great. Let me say it again
he says Bush is the greatest threat to life on the planet. Absolutely correct sir. Let's hear it for
the mayor. Can Livingstone for President. No let's see here's 800 more bad ideas. Let's see the
creation of NAFTA. Do we want to put that on there? If you want that's easy. Okay the creation of
NAFTA let's put that on there. The creation of the first atomic weapon or should we just put
nuclear as this president likes to say nuclear. If you want to hear him say nuclear you can click out
of that weapons of mass-destructing countdown on our website on eorogers.com. Nuclear nuclear bomb
while he's moving his precious lips. Refining sugar, Mick Ribb. And we're not putting all
these on there are we? No, not to sound good. The creation of NAFTA is okay. Creation of the first
atomic weapon is good. What did he do that? Recently by Rumswell we'll see that's not the what
I understand it. Here's some more bad ideas. The edgel by Ford. That's good.
The whites walking out leaving Lenin to run Russia. Well-heim backing Lenin to get Russia out of
there. This person is Russian obsessed. Truman said his biggest regret as president was not
covering Ireland in the commercial plan. Bobby Kennedy said the Jack and Bobby the biggest regret
was not making Herman secretary say no. Now these are some bad ones. The edgel by Ford is good
but these other ones are a little weak. A little on the weak side if he gets my breath.
I'm not going to be the winner right now. How about your pardon?
I'm faxing you the winner of this award. Oh really? Right now. I think so. All right.
Well why are you doing that? Let me just mention this. Chicken George, afraid of facing descent,
Bush pulls out a speech to Parliament. How do you like that? George Bush was last night branded
chicken for scrapping a speech to Parliament because he feared being heckled by anti-war MPs.
The US president had planned to give a joint address to the commons in lords during a state visit
of Britain but senior White House advisor Dr. Harlan Olman said they would have loved to do it
because it would have been a great photo opportunity but they were fearful it would turn into a
spectacle with labor back ventures walking out and of course you know them. Brits you've seen those
that's right. I like that. We're like pounding on the tail. I love that. Wouldn't that be something?
Yeah what? I would love to see the deer in headlights look on his push when that started.
The decision to abandon the speech came as extraordinary security measures caused 19 million pounds
placed under a virtual siege ahead of Mr. Bush's arrival today. Roads in Whitehall were closed
with concrete blockades. Overhead no fly zones been established with the RAF on standby to shoot
down any unidentified planes all police leave his cancel. The only speech Mr. Bush will stay with
the queen at Buckingham Palace. Oh I wonder which queen we're talking about Charles. Is now due to
to give what will be an invited audience at the back wedding house in Whitehall and if I in other
words a select hand pick crowd of who knows is what their nose is way up in the air.
Labor MP Jeremy Corbyn said this is yet another slight on this country by the president of the USA.
The least he could do is subject himself to questions from the MPs. That's good.
Oh that's what a sense of humor he's got huh those brits always work kind of silly.
And his colleague John McConnell, some McDonald's said Bush might be able to run from the protesters.
He might be able not to see the banners but he must not be able to hide from the anger
felt across the country at this unjustified war.
Previous world leaders including Bill Clinton, Nelson Mandela and Francois Mithiron have all given
speeches to the lords and commons while visiting Britain. Tony Blair gave a joy to address to the
American Senate and Congress in July. But earlier this year Bush was embarrassed when he was heckled
by MPs in Australia. Remember that we sure do.
Deer in the headlights.
Downey street last night refused to comment on the president's artillery of course because
they were embarrassed too.
Where are it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQA?
Holy potted in a pooper at bestable is superb but that brothers got no brains.
Trying to cram it up for a penny should have known that whole thing tiny he got no one else to blame.
He took a bimbo to his suite. They got between the sheets and things went going fine.
Then he grabbed that little last and made a foul shot of a rust and she quickly changed her mind.
My oh my bad when shot made me cry.
Now the whole world knows about his face and you're sure you're guilty when you're
waiting.
Guile whatever you were in your life will never be the same.
So rumbles!
This time you go a cheat and give me boy your puts the beat in.
She's fine and no pit says okay.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
Not fair, please not fair.
Out, out.
She's a man.
Carveau 205-61, how that bush visit to England is coming.
The security operation begins in earnest this evening.
When the president's jet Air Force 1 touches down at Heathrow,
he'll be met there by Prince Charles and flown by helicopter
straight to Buckingham Palace.
But it's tomorrow the visit begins formally
with a ceremonial parade.
The president's campaign will then take him down Whitehall
to Banqueting House for a keynote speech on the transatlantic alliance.
After that he'll go to the US Embassy to meet relatives of British victims
of the September 11th attacks.
Throughout the day police are expecting sporadic protests
that could happen anywhere including along the route.
In the evening Bush returns to Buckingham Palace for the main state banquet.
But Thursday is the big protest day.
The president begins by visiting Westminster Abbey,
meeting there Iraq war veterans and relatives.
I wonder how Abbey's doing.
He'll then move on to Downing Street for talks with Tony Blair.
Now at the same time just a few miles north,
protesters will be gathering for the stop Bush rally.
They will then march south crossing over the Thames
before passing Parliament and marching through Whitehall pass number 10.
And by the way keep in mind these are the Brits, these are our allies.
How do you like that?
This is the only other country that's got like a major commitment of troops over there
in Iraq and these are our allies.
These are our buddies, our friends.
But they're not too happy.
Now this is an interesting fact.
Oh, and you're right.
What did I do with that?
Did I smit cannon?
All right.
No, I got it here.
But this fact says this Q&A is on the Coca-Cola website.
I didn't even know they used two different versions.
The question was why do you sacraman in your fountain version
of Diet Coke in the US?
Because Aspertain by itself is heat and pH sensitive,
meaning it loses its sweetness over time.
The concentrated fountain syrup causes Aspertain to lose its sweetness
faster than wouldn't a finished beverage.
Fountain diet drinks, therefore, are sweetened with a blend of Aspertain
and sacraman to assure maximum product quality.
See, I love those old days when you go into the fountain.
We've talked about it a million times.
A real fountain in a real store, like a drugstore.
Right.
And they would like, you know, first the soda water would go in here
and then the syrup, man.
And you could see the sugar in the syrup and like all,
oh, man, it was so sweet.
It could just practically send you into a diabetic coma.
It was great.
No, it's not.
It's like a real cherry coke.
That's what we want.
Some real crap, not this stuff.
Prefabricated, corn syrup, corn starch, corn hole,
whatever hell it is.
Saccharid.
Right.
The public opinion holds hotly opposed the invasion of Iraq.
Oh, no kidding.
Here's a suggestion for the pool that you're right
could climb up there real fast.
How about QAM giving Mohawar David a talk show?
Now, I did the pool does say of the last century,
but we're thinking like of the past century, like from 19,
oh, huh?
Like a hundred years.
Right.
19, oh, three to two thousand three.
Otherwise, we'd have to eliminate this.
We sure don't want to do that, right?
Absolutely.
So we're QAM giving Mohawar David a talk show.
We'll get that on their post-haste for post time.
By the way, speaking of people with talk shows who aren't
too well liked by many, many people, even though they're
making tons of money, so they can buy a lot of drugs.
Gamma plots out a rush rating.
Thank you for this, by the way, fat boy.
As any radio professional will tell you,
narrow casting is the name of the game,
so it shouldn't be all that surprising
that the universe, 11 respect Rush Limbo,
enjoys among his own special universe.
The one composed of ditto heads,
what the nut, nut, nut, nut, nut, morons,
is not parallel to the US population as a whole.
That's what they WH as a whole.
Right.
Only a little of them.
Over a third.
You turn.
Of all Americans pulled by Gallup,
pulled a favorable opinion of the conservative talkmice,
their bull crap artist.
In fact, the counterweight to the 34% of Americans
who hold a favorable opinion of Limbo is heavier.
51% hold an un-favorable opinion.
The remaining 15% of either never heard of him
or have no opinion one way or a tether.
The general public's opinion closely mirrors
the opinion of political independence.
33% of independence have a favorable opinion
with a 49% have an unfavorable opinion.
Do you like that?
That's so.
60% of Republican hold a favorable view
versus 29% unfavorable.
Perhaps the most surprising number among Gallups who
served was a mere 51% favorable score among political conservatives
with 35% unfavorable rating from that group.
Do you hear that?
I heard it.
35% unfavorable from conservatives.
Now the thing that really bothers me badly.
It says Gallups says it doesn't know how much Limbo is well publicized.
Drug was affected this particular survey,
which was taken over and returned through 12.
The numbers for liberals and Democrats were more predictable
but still I find really bizarre.
I just don't get it.
I don't buy it.
12% of liberals hold a favorable opinion
dwarfed by the 75% unfavorable.
Democrats posted similar numbers,
10% favorable, 74% unfavorable.
How is that possible?
Huh?
Don't believe it.
How is it possible that 12% of liberals hold a favorable opinion of this
this asshole, this right-wing blow harder just makes it up as he goes along?
We buy it?
No.
No, we don't believe it.
Don't let me forget, Al Franken.
I won't.
I'm Bill O'Reilly.
And don't let me forget about Josh Dero.
And he come in and like clarifying it as far as-
No, I haven't seen him today.
What do you mean by that?
Oh, he's probably heard that we found his resume, his life story on here,
on jdate.com.
Come on, Claretz wants a date.
He wants a date with like something alive, anything,
like even like a little, um,
a guinea pig would be good, anything.
Something that won't run away,
especially when he starts grabbing it by the arm and trying to like kiss it on the elbow,
stuff like that.
He's just, his problem is bad technique.
When you say, I mean, we have many uglier people,
including us who are working and building some of us, uh, than Claretz.
He's not good-looking, but he's not really gruesome.
You know, he's just like, he's a nerdy-looking, you know?
Got like a nerdy-looking little Jew.
But he's got a technique problem, okay?
And grabbing a young lady's arm and like, uh,
taking a bite on the elbow, like it was a chicken leg,
is probably not a good idea for, uh,
extending the time of the date.
In fact, he'd be good on a show blind date,
because only the blind are going to like be dating Claretz.
I mean, it's pretty sad.
But he does go to Shul on high holidays, which is really great.
We're proud of that.
He's a left-wing moderate.
He has no kids.
Sad over he ain't telling him because he's too embarrassed.
Even though, I don't know why he'd be embarrassed.
He probably doesn't want us to find out, don't you think?
Right.
John Description's sports radio station manager,
physical activity active, which I guess he must include
his early morning, uh, uh, go rounds with the beast.
Like going to bars, nightclubs,
beach bookstores, concerts, movies, parks, restaurant,
shopping mall, sporting events,
like to read magazines, newspapers, and trade journals.
Ooh, trade journals like Broadcasting Magazine,
probably looking for a job.
Sport and R&R.
Yeah, sport-seller-street.
That's more like it.
I'll name sports, I'll name jot-strap, uh, things.
I'm Tonya.
Favorite cuisine, continental,
deli, it's had in Japanese sushi,
but only when with Greg Reed, the sushi thing.
See, sushi will write your brain.
Greg Reed is a, uh, poster child for that walking-in.
My favorite music, jazz, modern rock and roll,
rap, hip hop.
I look at an own the following pets, dog.
Well, isn't that nice?
I look how long it took before he gave us a check
for the charity.
Speaking of the chucks.
Yes?
We got another one today.
From?
Let me guess, not Todd Dreck.
I could say it's my psychic powers,
but that boy warned me about that.
Yeah, what?
How much is it?
100.
100.
Yeah.
Man, and you know something,
if it would have been a thousand Todd,
you're still an asshole.
If it would have been 50,000,
we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have,
we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we'd have, we
blew the
All right, let me do the break a little maybe like a minute ahead of time because I want to squeeze that out
Franken thing in there squeeze out and what am I taking another color to hear this hour?
But we got the big trend thing coming out next hour
Can you imagine can you even begin to smell the aroma of what's going on?
And on the seats on the chairs of middle and upper level management now
Because we had that kiss man in July WQM in July got what is known in the business to say
kiss
Big big juicy wet-dueling kiss
It happens once in a while you get some months where you get screwed and some months where you get a kiss
And in July we got a kiss right on the old back dome right boy that was loud and any rate
Sort of bottom line is when that's dropping off with the August September October number which is coming out today
Then it's going to be really interesting. Okay
And of course we have always having out on this because we can say well that was when for all was still there right sure
Yeah, that's it. Let's start
Thinking up or if it's real good than a competition and say well, that was when for all was there and he's not there
I like that
Games with numbers baby gains with numbers just like those 80 billion weapons of mass destruction that we're still looking
Feverly for 12 minutes past noon at QAM
Hey, if you're looking for a great night sleep there's one way to assure it and that's get you a great mattress
If you do mattress you sleep it on every night is lumpy and bumpy guess what it's shot. It's got to go
You know even if you love your old mattress
It's got to go because once it starts affecting your back
You don't get a good night sleep that starts affecting the way you feel you feel like crap
But if dollar macris you get the best goods in the world at discount on beatable prices and of course I beatable service to go along with it
They got all the top names in the world. You know what love now including stirrings and foster hewitt
And when you call 1800 macris you still get that unbeatable deal which every time I talk about it
It's amazing to me because almost nobody in the world does it but they do you pick the day in time for delivery within just a two
hour window seven days a week from 80 into 10 p.m. When it's convenient for you like from 8 to 10 at night noon to two in the middle of the day
Whatever you like and they actually show up on time they take away the crappy old bending and set up your brand new one
Absolutely no extra price so with these unbeatable everyday low prices
Honest sales practices fantastic service and the best in selection to it's easy to see
Why dollar macris is ranked the best in the world in satisfaction all of us with a brain a QAM are sleeping on a
Dalmatris every night and loving every second of it in fact in the mornings
I only wish I could sleep like another couple of hours sounds good to me
Call 1800 macris today. They'll be knocking on your door in no time at all when you want them to show up
1 800 MATT RES or if you want more info on a great selection and service just check out their website at macris.com
My in logo
Here's sports video 560
She's UAM
Was it by me?
Excuse me. I'd like to welcome you all here to my humble abode for Thanksgiving dinner
Thanks pal
First I'd like to show all of you this
coveted award I gave myself for station mangler of the year
Now before we commence this feast I
Now wait a second now cut that out high boy
They have no more blood but the bone anyways
But he keep your eye in that turquoise now where was I?
Oh yes
Let's offer thanks to those brave pilgrims who landed in Baltimore for making this day possible
Now let's eat
And uh
Greg you want to do what is it mo
The pilgrims landed at Plymouth Rock
No don't be ridiculous now look now how do you know because that's what Indians raped me
He's right Greg
You're right
Well I happen to know for a fact that they landed in Baltimore
But are you a moron? I said they landed at Plymouth Rock
No
Do you know
You got off the list
Man this show is ten to the flaky
By late it is
Oh these must be the jibby
Okay, it's 12 18 at 5 60 WQM gene we apologize to you at least I do for not taking your call
He was on hold for 20 minutes because he's a good guy and a good caller and a good factor
But you know we apologize he says prohibition is the one I would pick from his facts excellent choice
Right hey man brother let's get it on there now this facts you sent me is enough to make me want to sit down and cry
I'm gonna sit down on the floor and cry like a child
It says check out CNN money on their website policy analysis market is back trading on future Middle East
Territakes you know some assholes came up with this ideas a couple of months ago
And it's all that's too embarrassing we can't have you do that and it proves anybody out there who disagrees with me that the stock market is just a
Crap shoot. It's like going to Vegas without the fun
Intellectualized laws Vegas is Ted David once said on my show and I bet he's sorry. He said it
Trading on future Middle East terror. When are we gonna have trading on like the death count huh?
Well the death count reaches 500 then you like make two points
Oh, the biggest one book have the overs and under on that right overs and under on the death count of American troops
I mean it's sick and this whole concept is sick
The policy analysis market. I mean
I'm not gonna say a word you know just too aggravating
By the way something yes, don't forget Al Franken. I'm doing it right now. Okay. Why do you think I?
Em bushing everything back and I thought I'd apologize to those and people wanted to call get rid of those people and go
I mean get rid of them nicely just tell me don't have time for them now
Because I don't want people hanging on like for an hour and oh how come yielding yeah because I've got stuff to do there now
What
He just hung up
Well, that was nice enough. I mean, no, what show it is it was nice and fun. I was going Miguel
Anyway, here's a chapter 13 of Al Franken's book lies in the lying liars who tell him yesterday read about the encoder
What a bitch she is which we know but so well said by how would such great humor bill or Riley lying splotchy bully
And of course on the front cover of Al Franken's book on a jacket
There's a picture of him and then there's pictures of an colder George W
And in the bottom right hand corner is Dick Cheney and left hand corner
There's the splotchy looking bill or Riley pointing his finger with that evil look on his purse when his ugly purse
Al Franken says last time I saw bill or Riley and personally called me an idiot and screamed at me to shut up
He also said I was vicious with a capital V which I suppose means that I'm especially vicious
This all happened on national television if you can call C-SPAN national television
We were in Los Angeles at an annual publishing hoot and any called the book x-Full America
We were both there to promote our books
Bill was hawking his latest living with herpes while I was promoting with evidence success the book you're enjoying right now
What living with herpes the actual full title the footnote says is living with herpes in George W. Bush's America
Okay
We were on a panel with the wise witty and wonderful Molly ivens was there to discuss her newest
Bushwack life in George W. Bush's America
I was concerned there might be fireworks between me and O'Reilly a preliminary cover of my book have been blown up and
prominently displayed at the convention center and based upon what I know about bill it occurred to me that having to walk past a giant
Fulmcore book cover calling him a liar might light his notoriously short fuse
Also as you may have noticed the cover features an unflattering picture of a Riley looking
Splotchy and ill tempered blown up ten times he looked ten times splotchy
For the record I had been hoping to get a better picture at least have the cover artist remove the splotches
I first saw Bill when he charged into the green room and accused me not not me but Lisa Johnson my
109-pound publicist of doctoring the cover photo to make him look bad
This is what I look like he said angrily pointing at his nose. I've never looked like that
You're responsible for this he said leaning his six foot four frame toward her and jabbing his finger menacingly
That's a doctored photo
This is what I look like again with the pointing which seemed a little unnecessary since both Lisa and I recognized him
From his many appearances on TV
I tried to calm him down bill Lisa had nothing to do with the photo. This is what I look like. I know. I know. I've never looked like that
Bill bill. This is a preliminary cover. I explained that in fact
I wanted to have the photo doctor to take out the splotches
I even wanted to have them retouch my photo
Look, I said I want them to take about 40 pounds off my ass. I thought that might lighten the mood no sale
I don't look like that. This is what I look like point point
Bill, we'd love to have a picture of you from the factor something of you lying anything with your mouth open would work
Again, try to lighten the mood, but I wasn't getting through
By then the moderator for our panel patch rotor was summoning us to the event which were 700 of America's best
Our nation's booksellers sat waiting for what promised to be a high-minded and civilized exchange of contrasting views between two men and a woman of letters
Molly went first and enchanted us all with her tart texas wit
Next up or Riley after talking about his book for about five minutes he be able to talk about mine
Seeking to contrast his style with my own he said I don't call people names. I don't call anybody a liar
I'm not doing that. I'm not I'm trying to elevate the discourse. I don't call people big fat idiots
Nobody missed the reference to my book rush limbo is a big fat idiot then it was my turn
Like other panelists. I spent the first part of my a lot of time describing my book in general terms
Then I got to a Riley
I felt a certain obligation to explain why a fellow panelist face was on the cover of book whose title included the words lies lying in liars
So I told a little story
A couple of years ago I was watching bill or Riley on c-span
He was being interviewed in front of an audience about his book the no-spin zone
The interviewer reached back a few years into a Riley's career now you were the host of inside edition
That was kind of a tabloid show. I'm paraphrasing here. I don't have this on tape tabloid show
Or Riley was indignant. We won two P bodies
Well, still it was a tabloid show. I beg your pardon
But the P body is only the most prestigious award in journalism. Or Riley answered with great umbridge
But you have to admit inside edition was something of a tabloid show
So you want us to give the P bodies back or Riley smirk we won two P bodies the most prestigious award in journalism
Watching at home. I knew or Riley was absolutely right about one thing
The George Foster P body award is the most prestigious and broadcast journalism
But one on earth could inside edition of one of P body for for its swimsuits
How bear is to bear story or maybe it's three part series on the father of Madonna's first baby Carlos Leon
So I went to my nexus and put in P body award and inside edition. I did get three hits
They were all Bill or Riley claiming that inside edition and want a P body or two if you read these
Or Riley excerpts from the factor closely. You'll see an interesting progression
August 30th 99 or Riley I anchored a program called inside edition was your one of P body award
May 8 2000 or Riley will all I've got to say is that inside edition is one
I believe two P body awards the highest journalism more in the country
May 19 2000 with guest artho
Arthur Neville Neville you hosted inside edition or Riley correct
Neville which is considered a tabloid show or Riley by whom?
Neville by many people or Riley does that mean and Neville and even you or Riley we throw the P body awards back
We won P body awards
Next I went to the P body website which was all their winners throughout the years no inside edition
Still to be thorough. I called the P body people and asked the woman on the other end of the line
Yeah, I did by any chance to show inside edition ever win a P body. She laughed
No inside edition has never been a recipient of a P body award
I decided to call Bill. He was nice enough to get right back to me
Yeah, Al what can I do for you? Well first of all Bill congratulations on all your success. Thanks. What's up?
Okay, I saw you then and I'm on C-SPAN you said inside edition and want a couple of P bodies
That's right. We won two
Well, maybe you should check out that with P body people because they don't think you did
There was a pause on the other than the phone then I'll call you back
About ten minutes later Bill was on the line. He was back
It was a poke a poke I asked yeah, just as prestigious as the P body
So there are two most prestigious awards in journalism
I asked build and appreciate the sarcasm
Al it's a very prestigious award
Fine. I said to Bill. I don't think it's a little ironic that you got a wrong about a journalism award
Okay, I'll go after me if you want. He said him. He hung up
And by the way that poke inside edition won it over a year after O'Reilly left the show
I'll get back to it got to do the bruh get back to you Diana
Nothing he would lie you understand because there's no spin cycle there's no lion
There's no way like if you fart the wrong flavor you're out
Except of course for him and by the way, I can't wait to see those Bill O'Reilly numbers
Our ratings when they come in because so far his daytime talk show on whatever states it's on has got a
Point hasn't made any impact not a not anything even leprechaun's ain't listen to it nobody on whatever station
It's on on whatever make believe station it might be on you say that like you don't know right and I don't
1227 at 560 wqm imagine this imagine zero closing costs on your next mortgage zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points
It's the last mortgage. You'll ever be need man
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate of amazingly low of just 1.95 percent
If you have a $200,000 loan your payments are a mere
738 a month and once you refinance or get you a new home mortgage from financial group
You'll never ever never pay closing costs again
So when in doubt check it out call 189 for O land grab real financing power
With that low astonishing rate mortgage you can move your next property without further cost of expense
The only one mortgage from a financial group call toll free for all the information all the details
There's no obligation call 189 for O land. There's no obligation whatsoever
It's a whole no way to buy zero underwriting fee zero doc fee zero prepayment penalty zero closing cost
Even when you move to another property
So get financing at just 1.95 percent and never ever pay closing cost again
1809 for O land is the number to call the financial group
1809 for O L E N D the Renekville housing lender restrictions apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19
APR
column
Hello
aken pst
yo
ble
Don't take jailroll, so I'm from me.
How about who counts out the gallantly?
We was afraid that you still hate Jews,
cause making peace is how to go.
I saw that we used to fight my little gunma,
and my family looked out,
what you are but it's just what you are.
How about the West Bank and Gaza too?
If so, you know that we don't want more magic.
My own people will still address my head.
If this is what you got,
I will play the mighty W's sake and once a time,
I never thought we would get this far.
But I was shaking hands with Lingolstein,
let's get a pig and have a barbecue,
cause making peace is how to go.
I can't keep pork your schmunk.
From 33 at 5.60 W.Q.M.,
so anyway, Al Franken says,
can I get back to this?
Please.
And thanks to the Alistair,
it was suggested to turn me out of that Guardian UK article
about why we have your attention, Mr. President.
It's 13 pages that I just printed out.
Maybe I'll read that one day.
At least the sarcastic ones anyway.
But now you're picking and choosing, that's right.
Just like everybody else does.
Anyway, so he hung up on Al,
and by the way, that poke inside the addition monitor
a year after we were right in the left of the show
is where we left off.
I thought Bill's reaction was odd.
He hadn't said, oh my god, how embarrassing.
I can't believe I've been saying that.
Thank you so much, Al, for calling me.
Now I won't humiliate myself by making that mistake again.
Thank you so much for calling me
rather than taking it public.
Instead, it was, go after me if you want.
So I did.
I called Lloyd Grover,
the Washington Post, reliable source column.
Lloyd ran with that on March 1st, 2001 after checking Nexus.
He also offered Bill the opportunity to respond.
He quoted him as saying,
Al Franken is on a G-head against me,
so I got missed up between a Peabody Award and Polk Award,
which is just as prestigious.
Okay, so that was over.
He got caught making a mistake,
and it was kind of a jerk about it.
Fine. Hang on.
A couple other papers picked up the Peabody's
array from the post.
News day ran in March 8th column by Robert Reno,
titled,
Some Factors About O'Reilly Aren't Factual.
A March 13 O'Reilly introduced that
night's personal story segment, Attack Journalism.
This is personal to me because some writers are really violating
every ten of the fairness of what they're saying and print about your humble
servant, he said.
His guest was Michael Wolfe, the terrific media columnist for New York magazine.
O'Reilly and Wolfe began by discussing the definition of Attack Journalism,
O'Reilly was clear,
considered himself an expert on Attack Journalism,
but not for the reason you might think.
March 13, 2001.
O'Reilly. If you lie about someone who goes right up on the Nexus where everyone can read it,
it'll give you an example.
A guy says about me a couple of weeks ago,
O'Reilly said he won a Peabody award, never said it.
You can't find a transcript where I said it.
You, there is no one on Earth you could bring in that would say I said it.
Robert Reno, in news day,
a communist writer's column calls me a liar, all right?
And it's totally fabricated.
That's Attack Journalism.
It's honest. It's disgusting.
And it hurts reputations.
Wolfe, if it's also incorrect journalism,
if it's wrong, O'Reilly, it is wrong.
Wolfe, okay, well, then the guy made a mistake.
O'Reilly, no, come on, he made a mistake that lives forever in the Nexus.
And did he write a common next day saying he made a mistake?
Wolfe, well, obviously, obviously, obviously he should.
Usually I find if someone's made a mistake,
if you ask him to correct it, they correct it.
O'Reilly, no, not on this society anymore.
So that was the story I told the 700 booksellers,
if they book Expo America Luncheon,
Bill O'Reilly mistook one poke at the show one,
after he left for two Peabody's that is he put it, we won.
But then not two weeks after conceding his air,
both to me and Washington Post, he attacked a journalist
for accurately describing what he had done.
I've found four separate incidents where he claimed to have won Peabody's
three of them in Nexus transcripts, O'Reilly billowed,
never said it, you can't find a transcript where I said it,
it's totally fabricated, that's attacked journalism,
it's dishonest, it's discussing in her reputations.
So O'Reilly had lied to cover up his mistake
and he had called an honest reporter a liar.
The entire crowd seemed to enjoy all the ironies of the story
with one exception.
Bill O'Reilly's sitting three feet to my right had become so angry,
he developed another splotch.
As I was telling the story I could see him stewing,
gripping his pen with seeding fury,
my wife watching on TV three thousand miles away
thought that Bill was going to jam the pen through my eyeball
into my brain.
But I was having fun,
not because I enjoy attacking people gratuitously,
but because Bill O'Reilly is a bully and he deserved it.
Everything I had said was true.
On a show O'Reilly cuts off anyone who disagrees with him,
if they stand up for themselves, he shouts them down,
but this wasn't his show.
When I concluded by remarks O'Reilly went nuts.
First he called me an idiot fulfilling his earlier promise
to elevate the discourse, then the king of the no-spin zone
where spinning is prohibited started deliberately mischaracterizing
what everyone in the room and watching at home had just heard me say.
All he's got in six and a half years is that I misspoke
that I labeled a polka word a peabody.
He writes it in his book, he tries to make me out to be a liar.
Of course that wasn't a problem.
The problem was that what he did once he was confronted with
was a misstatement.
He went on the attack and lied and here he was doing it again.
No, no, no, I try to interject, hey shut up!
You had your thirty-five minutes, I had spoken for twenty.
Shut up!
Temporous flaired, a moment later O'Reilly was spinning
like Erie Fleischer's draidel.
This guy accuses me of being a liar, ladies and gentlemen,
on national television because I misspoke and labeled a peabody a polka.
Vinny Jorreilly, I accused him of the ultimate sin.
As he had said on C-SPAN and a call in earlier that day,
once you lie you're out of the box, that's the no-spin zone.
He had said it to a Muslim caller who criticized the factor.
Muslim caller, there's a lot of anti-Semitic rhetoric on there.
For instance, you know you compared the Qur'an to mine comp.
O'Reilly, no I didn't, that's a total lie.
Actually, it wasn't.
The caller had been referring to way July 7, 2002 factor regarding
a controversy at the University of North Carolina.
The school had assigned its incoming freshman book entitled
Approaching the Qur'an, the Early Revelations O'Reilly was outraged.
I don't know what this served to take a look at our enemies' religions.
See, I mean, I wouldn't give people a book during World War II
on the Emperor's God in Japan, would you?
I wouldn't read the book, and I'll tell you why I wouldn't have read mine comp either.
If I were going to UNC in 1941 and you professor said read mine comp,
I would have said, hey professor, with all the respect, shove it, I ain't reading it.
The Muslim caller tried and paid with explain his question.
Can I just finish sir, can I finish my question?
Whoa, hold on, hold it O'Reilly interrupted.
No, you can't finish because once you lie you're out of the box,
that's the no-spin zone, get it?
You can't see on national television, even if it is C-SPAN,
you compare the Qur'an to mine comp.
That's a lie, I'll write so you're out of the box.
As distinct from hand-culture whose lies are painstakingly crafted
to serve her radical political agenda,
Bill seems to lie for two reasons.
One, to polish his own apple, the pea-botties,
and two to attack anyone who's critical of him, Qur'an, often the two are related.
Take for example my favorite moment at the book I spoke luncheon.
I questioned him about a claim he had made three minutes early
about having started out with nothing.
See O'Reilly always likes to crawl about his hard, scrabble childhood
and working class Leviton Long Island.
As he once told the New York Observer,
you don't come from any lower than I came from on an economic scale.
Trouble is an inside-source O'Reilly's mother tells a different story.
Mrs. O'Reilly proudly told the Washington Post
that the family regularly took vacations in Florida
and that little Billy attended private school or private college
and that their home was in the affluent suburb of Westbury,
not Lucala, Leviton.
So I asked Bill where he grew up, was it Westbury, or Leviton?
Seemingly a hard question to spin.
Backed into a corner he replied with a crazy lie saying
that he had grown up in the Westbury section of Leviton.
There is no Westbury section of Leviton.
There are two separate villages several miles apart.
It was like saying he had grown up in Brooklyn,
the Manhattan section of Brooklyn.
Oh, you got to get this book, folks.
I know.
I'll continue momentarily.
Thank you.
Isn't this great?
I'm loving it.
I might, to often, I'm really like most of this book on a year.
Hopefully they know.
Retire! You son of a bitch!
You ain't dead, but you know, it's the best I can do.
Even though Miguel hates it.
Although it makes Miguel's life a lot easier.
He and Anne's are in no phone right now.
Shut up.
And then we got the trends coming out.
I think we got it licked.
You know what I'm saying?
Got it licked.
How's that pull coming?
I do like our pull today.
Thanks again to Ashahn.
What was the number one bad idea of the last century?
And I think I have an idea with moving up pretty good.
Uh-oh, look at that.
United Nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people
who hate them.
55.
Supreme Court stopping Florida vote count in the 2010 election.
WQN giving Moahauer David at his own show
is already in third place with 22.
Absolutely.
U.S. Congress impeaching Bill Clinton for lying about blow jobs 20.
Secret Service 63 for going to Bubble Top Olimo in Dallas 18.
Al Gore picking Jew Lieberman for running mate 15.
Lyndon Johnson, Eskolini, West involvement in Vietnam 14.
Chris Darden, let's have OJ trying to gloves 11.
Everybody else in go digits.
Come on, let's have OJ trying to gloves.
That'll prove it.
Want it?
No.
I'm going, Chris.
Hey, if you're fat and boy, am I talking to a lot of people now?
See, years ago I talked about fat and people say,
oh, were you quit?
Well, yeah, I can about fat and now everybody's fat.
So generally speaking, speaking, I just about everybody in world is fat
and visibly trying to lose weight because they look like crap.
They have no energy and they're on either a diabetic or on a verge of it.
Plus, how do you wear real clothing when you're fat?
You can't.
You wear like puptins.
But with balance for life, you can lose that weight, the easy, painless way,
because they do all the work for you, which makes it so simple.
It's a piece of cake without the carbs and calories.
No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting,
no carb counting, no nothing except just reach outside the door.
That's all you have to do is pick up your little black sack that they leave at your door
in your home or work wherever by six o'clock every morning.
And like I've been telling you for a long time now,
in your black sack is delicious, fresh, great gourmet food,
real gourmet stuff.
We're talking about omelets and frittadas and chicken dishes and beef dishes.
All kinds of good stuff.
Nothing froze, nothing prefab.
Three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks are right in your little black sack.
In fact, balance for life is the only company that allows you to choose between
two alternatives for every meal and snack every day to turn a program.
They fax you a little menu once a week, you fax it back to them or like whatever you want to do.
And that's it. That's the only choice you have to make.
So like I said, there's plenty of food there to keep you full all day long.
You won't be cheating because you won't be hungry.
That's what's going to help you start seeing results on that scale within just a matter of weight.
Oh, of days. Wait. See, there you go again. I'm fat.
So if you really want to lose the weight once and for all, if you travel all the others,
the grapefruit diet, the watermelon diet, the addkins, the scatkins,
and you're still fat, let balance for life. Do it for you. This might be what you've been searching for on your life.
Call balance for life today, 954 fat. No, it's 954, 568, 3229.
954, 568, 3229 or visit their prestigious website at balanceforlife.com.
My name is Langlow. This is 420560.
You may have...
...Bush plural!
Count the ball.
Ever since this presidential race began,
live up in wondered who's going to win.
Some palm-beach people went to do their voting chore.
So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more.
Those old folks seem to have one thing in common.
Looks like lots of them just keep their votes you try to treat you can.
So I'd like to know who won the election.
Yes, I'd like to know who won the election.
Count the vote.
Count the vote, baby, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count
the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the
vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the
vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the put the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the
vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the
vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the vote, count the
recount. Anyway, Al Franken says O'Reilly's innumerable eyes in the
Sturston's all-feet of Big Lie that he's a known nonsense,
bear-knuckle-working class straight shooter, who sticks it to the
phoneies and sticks up for the little guy. I ain't buying it. In reality, O'Reilly's
his phoneies his pee-body's under the guise of his angry every man for
his son-a. He uses a shop on inventory of borish tactics, bluster,
bullying, and belittling in order to advance a thinly disguised conservative
agenda. It's not that O'Reilly's a Republican hack like Sean Hannity,
who will meet in the next chapter. His position on issues is not
doctinaire-moving conservative and every once in a while I find myself in a
agreement with him like when he says the government should stay out of the
bedroom or when I'm drunk. But his constant protest that he's an impartial
observer and not an ideological conservative is just another lie and it's
another lie that he's had to lie about. From 1996 launch of the
Arradi factor, part of Bill Skredent shows us a not as an on-idea log was that
he was a registered independent lie. NPR's Mike Pesker refuted this in his
January 2001 profile of Arradi for on-the-media reporting that Arradi had
been a registered Republican since 1994 calling the story a hatchet job
Arradi claimed I've never heard of NPR's Mike Pesker. In fact Pesker talked to
Arradi for an hour and used portions of the tape conversation in the profile.
What about the party registration? The accusation on my voting record is
simply a lie Arradi lied and I'm not surprised since we've done a number of
stories on NPR's left-leaning ways. Yes, Arradi admitted he'd been a registered
Republican since 1994 but he hadn't been aware of it. It seems that there
have been an innocent mistake. When I registered in Nassau to vote in 94 there
was no box for an independent. I left all the boxes empty. Somehow I was assigned
Republican status. Take a look. There it is right here in the book. Take a look.
Reproduce below is his 1994 photo registration form from Nassau County. I've
blocked out his home address and signature so that no one can steal his
manufactured identity. One thing we do know for sure Bill Arradi is a registered
Lyocrat and sure enough under party enrollment there he has checked Republican.
Arradi is a right-wing blowhard of the school yard bully variety. He's not the
only one. He isn't even the worst of them. So when on his radio show the Monday
following our book Expo panel he said that if we had been in the old West I
would have put a bullet right between his head. I couldn't resist a little grin.
It was just so Bill. There's no shame in screwing up a statistic every now and
then people make mistakes. It's just that somewhere deep in Arradi's psyche there's
a clear tear of being proven wrong. When he's confronted with a mistake the bully
comes out and he bludges his guess within correct or just made up facts and
figures. On the February 5th 2002 factor Arradi told his guess National
Organization Women President Kim Gandhi that 58% of single mom homes are on
welfare. Actually only 14% of single moms are on welfare. When Gandhi challenged
him Arradi blowviated you can't say no Miss Gandy that's the stat. You can't just
dismiss it it's 58%. This is what is from the federal government. On
February 26th 2001 Arradi defended Jeb Bush's one Florida program to state
Senator Kendrick Meek. All right look in the University System in Florida right
now 37% of the 10 universities are black 37% black enrollment that year was
really 18% when me try to correct him Arradi cut me off with I got the numbers
in their dead on on May 18th 2001 Arradi boasted that the US gives far
away more tax money to foreign countries than anyone nobody else even comes
close. Japan gives more not per capita more when his guest fill his
Venice from the Institute for Policy Studies pointed out that the US gives a
smaller fraction of its gross national product than any other developed country
Arradi bellowed that's not true but it is. Venice hung in there and said it is
absolutely true on a per capita basis. Clearly having no idea what he was
talking about Arradi flailed away well we have a 300 million population base
here and Sweden has three million so that skewed out. Sweden has about nine
million people. Now like I said there's no shame in occasionally messing up an
obscure statistic like the population of a major industrialized nation you
probably didn't know what I certainly didn't but I would never insist that I
did. Even when an obnoxiously persistent guest catches Arradi dead to rights
they'll still manages to sow seeds of doubt in the viewers minds as you can see
from this 1999 program with popular corporate speaker Al Franken. Franken in
93 Clinton passed a budget deficit package with all Republicans voting
against him. Arradi Clinton couldn't have passed it out if all Republicans voted
against him. Franken yes he could. Every Republican voted against it in 93.
Every one every single Republican Arradi is that you I might stand corrected
there. Well we'll look it up. Franken you might you do it is. Arradi I do stand
corrected. Franken yeah Arradi are you sure? Are you sure? Franken absolutely
every Republican. Arradi okay alright we've got it on tape which of course
don't ever we run. These are only a few examples a few pearls dredge from the
vast oyster bed feeding off the effluent flowing from the sewer of right wing
dishonesty. This book is not intended to be the definitive account of Bill
Wright as lies and obnoxious behavior inevitably when this book comes up
Bill will employ one of his standard gambits one which has a certain crude
effectiveness. He'll say is that all you got Al? After six and a half years on the
year already can find is my mistake in your poke I didn't win for two P bodies
that never existed and then falsely accused the journalist of lying about it
that I physically intimidated your book publicist that I freaked out about
the splotchy photo that I compared the Koran to mine comp and then lied about it
that I lied about where I grew up that I lied about my party affiliation that I
gave fully numbers and welfare moms black university enrollment and Florida
and foreign aid that I had no idea how Congress works and that I threatened to
shoot you between the head is that all you got Al is that all you got well no since
you asked is also the fact that every once in a while you display such
depraved and different ordinary standards of decent behavior that it makes me
wonder if I really was in danger there on the stage of book expo america on
february four two thousand three or rather you'd hear me glick whose father a
port authority worker died in a world trade center attack glick had signed an
advertisement opposing the war in Iraq and arrived invited him on the show to
explain himself which he did modestly and eloquently until that is a rally
cut him off or I don't want to debate world politics with you glick well why not
this is about world politics or I leave because number one I don't care what
you think a little while later or I let it all click the shut up shut up when
glick tried to explain his point or I let it all this in here cut his mic I'm not
going to dress you down anymore out of respect for your father once the
microphones and cameras were off glick later told Harper's magazine or I let
him on his way with some words of fatherly advice get out of my studio
by it before I tear you to f in pieces rap artist ludicrous never had the
pleasure being a guest on a rally show but as ludicrous himself might say this
member of the hip hop hypocrisy was a victim of the man's hypocrisy after Pepsi
featured ludicrous in an ad for the world famous soft drink or on he called on his
viewers to start a boycott I'm calling for all responsible americans to fight
back and punish Pepsi for using a man who degrades women who encourages
substance abuse and does all things that hurt particularly the poor in our
society I'm calling for all americans to say hey Pepsi I'm not drinking your
stuff you want to hang around with ludicrous you do that I'm not hanging around
with you the clarion call brought in immediate result as he said the next day
on a show because of pressure by factor viewers Pepsi co-laid today capitulated
ludicrous has been fired now I don't hold any brief for ludicrous by some of
this stuff as do many members of team franken also my daughter dated him for
while I have to say seem like an ice and I fell off it's just that ignoring the
obvious evidence of his name a rally insist on taking ludicrous profane lyrics
about prostitute speed violence and drug use at face value according to my
son Joe what he enjoys about ludicrous is his gift for playful and a
revelant hyperbole that's how Joe put it in his tenth grade essay ludicrous
and the master they may or of castor bridge for which he received a B
plus it is on artistic efforts however or right he doesn't display the same
depth touch especially when writing about teen crackhors pimps vicious murders
and something that or rally calls philatio I'm referring to his nineteen
ninety it's a spence thriller those who trespass about a serious serial killer
who will exact revenge on everyone who sabotage his rising TV career believe
it or not this is a real book written by the real bill or rally there's more oh
good and it's not ludicrous either twelve fifty six four minutes to one we got
the trends coming out next I got a couple more pages of bill bill or
Riley lying slouchy bully isn't a great stuff let's hear it for alfranker
and like a more people with some balls okay as opposed to these right when
40 below these who lie through their teeth no spins on my fat ass or rally
the way still got a book on whatever station that is
clock of the six of qm if you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting in
your home let me tell you about something really neat lamina serras this is the
easy low maintenance smart alternative to expensive natural wood flooring lamina
serras is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names
in the universe peridore pergol Wilson our unit flooring quick step and
all of lamina serras flooring is installed by pergol certified installers here's
another reason to call them and it's a right to prices are so low it'll probably
knock you on the floor right now you get their false special for just fourteen
hundred ninety five bucks just fourteen ninety five gets you up to two hundred
ninety five square feet of beautiful unbeatable lamina wood flooring it is
positively and the way both and lamina serras will make any legitimate written
offer to for free and homestable with no obligation call lamina serras tool
free one eight seven seven seven seven thirty three thirty six nothing to be
easier they make it simple for you free carpet disposal free furniture moving a
twenty five year warranty and then you get years and years of beautiful easy to
care for lamina wood flooring call lamina serras today tool free and
on the cranky old Neilford do call one eight seven seven seven seven seven
thirty three thirty six five local this is five city
the radio is on your
Q&A
the one to do our
the
but it became obvious that they wanted me out of the magazine brought in order to
replace me
creatively and kept me away from my staff I said bye bye
keep my money to buy I said bye bye keep my money to buy
and then how can you two issues and then they soon
and
uh... show
paradise
and she call it up the queen of night
without doubts when she came out that's when everything went bad for Rosie
she got her own magazine
went from nice to the queen of green sweaty pits
row and fence that's when everything went bad for Rosie
she went and so walked away and discussed
she went and so Rosie thought she went but so she stood down
they stood hurt sounds like Rosie could use rain and burn
who will win no one knows it's a sin
sure it glows just don't throw coupsballs at the judges head
and it doesn't look good for Rosie
she'll be broken
one or two at five sixty wqm swingway Al Frankenworths we have any numbers yet or what?
what?
numbers numbers or you're getting them right now are you cereal i'm sure sure
are you sure well what are they good better and different just a 12 plus right now but up a tenth of a point if that's any indicator
off a tenth of a point 12 plus in other words that that would be pretty good
that would be pretty good if we actually because we're dropping off that big July baby
i got just a couple more pages of the Al Frankenbook and then
less than anybody think i'm going to waste any more this hour with calls Miguel
which he'll love it because he can just sit back and uh... yank it
no seriously i on our website there's an article but it's so important and so especially in Florida
okay after the whole chat business or what's the BBC saying?
the toll to tell you that
voting machine voodoo democracy and risk by Colleen Redmond
you know more and more we're hearing about this die bold scandal you know
these right wingers are die bold who have many factors electronic voting machines
and the fact that uh... there's really and there's some stuff in here that's going to make you add drop a load in your pants
and won't be the kind of load that you're hoping for i'm telling you right now
oh so i don't i'm aware of the screen read my banana right now because you've got to let's see
w life oh look at that there's still number one overall a whole week 12 plus but a big drop
maybe there actually some living and breathing people made a conscious choice to turn on a radio
as opposed to listening to slush in the background and now here the carpenters you know
life in that sand and you want to know why because there's a lot of dr. and Dennis orpuses
and there's a lot of old people that's what's wrong with South Florida too many old people
and too many everybody's a doctor doctor a minister right right
all the darkies they're all ministers and everybody also the Cubans are like doctors with magnetic bracelets
and all the Jews have got some kind of speciality like you know
pretend to be a doctor like an ad agency w ed rfm five yeah like a touch rack
by the way thanks for the check down we still hate you like poison you're an idiot
and you wouldn't write you wouldn't know a piece of copy if you found it in your ass
ed r look at it for consistency time for first with a 5.5 cm cube oh no
well not really much changer power took a little bit of a dump
sorry kids grubby we like you a lot you're a good guy so let me see you're distracting me now
you know easily I'm distracted well anyway let me just go back and finish this about the Bill O'Reilly
lying splotchy bully in his own artistic efforts however O'Reilly doesn't display the same death touch
especially when writing about teen crack-courses pimps vicious murders and something that O'Reilly calls Felatio
I'm referring to his 1990s suspense bill of those who trespass about a serial killer
who'll exact revenge on everyone who sabotages teeth rising TV career believe it or not
this is a real book written by the real Bill O'Reilly here's one of my favorite scenes in which the killer Shannon Michaels
seduces Ashley van Bure and a tabloid reporter I should warn you because of the
turgid pedestrian pros and Frank sexual nature the following young children and English majors might want to skip ahead
Ashley was now wearing only brief white panties she had singled her desire by removing her shirt and skirt
and by leaning back on the couch she closed her eyes concentrating on nothing but Shannon's tongue and lips
he gently teased her by looking the areas around her most sensitive irrogenous zones
then he slipped her panties down her legs and within seconds his tongue was inside her moving rapidly
in ludicrous's hit album word of mouth which my son tells me means word of mouth
there are depictions of four murders and those who trespass there are six murders one of which involves jamming a spoon through the roof of the victims mouth and up into his brains
them O'Reilly's book also depicts a 15-year-old crack-core performing this Felatio business on her pimped robo
say baby put that pipe down to get my pipe up
while ludicrous like O'Reilly enjoys describing oral sex scenes there are none on his album involving a teen crack-a-teen crack-core
however when it comes to the use of words the f-word and bitch O'Reilly simply can't compete managing a mere 51 variants of both words
ludicrous on the other hand achieves a commanding lead with a hundred nine f's and bitches a better than two in one advantage
perhaps in light of their similar taste for profanity oral sex and these things O'Reilly had second thoughts about his jihad against ludicrous
because five my hose that's what that word was hose O'Reilly had second thoughts about his jihad against ludicrous
because five months later he denied that he ever called for a boycott I simply said I wasn't gonna drink Pepsi while that guy was on their payroll
he said no boycott was never mentioned by me another lie I think Bill O'Reilly on question Lee has talent and not just a talent for lying
and I'll admit I sometimes find this program entertaining especially when he runs circles around a particularly inept guests like a man with a lazy I and speech impediment
who came on the fact of the demand rights for child molesters that can be good sport
but at the end of the day you have to ask yourself if it's worth the emotional capital necessary to try to change Bill O'Reilly
I believe it is I dare to hope that Bill O'Reilly can be saved from himself because frankly I don't think Bill O'Reilly likes Bill O'Reilly
although it clearly has no love for me I want him to know that I love him and that when this book comes out I'd be delighted to reach out to Bill O'Reilly
by coming on his program and giving my chance to apologize for his lies and his lies about lies I know it would be cathartic
when the last lie had been apologized for the world we would see we would see a new Bill O'Reilly fair open minded genuinely impartial
perhaps this new Bill O'Reilly TV program wouldn't be as successful as his old one but the important thing is that if he doesn't come the raging storm inside the man may well be headed for a crack up
oh one last thing about the splotchy photo I've been planning to have a desplotts by the top guy in the field
but three days after our B.E.A encounter Bill's publisher an agent called my publisher and said he was threatening to sue if I didn't take his picture off the cover
good move so there you are Bill and all your splotchy glory
what was it anyway some poisoning a touch of the Irish flu and allergic reaction to some shellfish you'd eaten at the Heritage Foundation event
not that I'd believe you if you told me there you go there's the chapter on the bill around that grade that is great not that I'd believe you even if you told me excellent
nice going there Al Franken I say Michael Moore for president Al Franken for VP what do you say?
I'm a ludicrous out of right and ludicrous for Secretary of State
here we go
up
you got induced
update
okay
let's get to these numbers baby don't he forget that pulling redmon pizza
see this is very much like last year or whatever the hope is those seven months
whenever it was. Today I don't know why I just I'm just inspired today just had a whole
lot of stuff what you're mixing it up now we're mixing up we had a few calls today a couple
of them actually were pretty good and then we had the usual you know mouth breathers but
though they're just some stuff I feel compelled the spirit of Christ compels me you know what
I mean that's any Christ he's down the street. Persons 12 plus life 5.5 tied with EDR for
numero uno. CM now I'm sure you must have other stuff that you're holding back incoming CMQ
and the power time for third with 4.7 that's about a seven tenths of a point drop for power 96
this is probably pretty good I'm just not certain I'm just getting them in a stack radio mom
being I see this is bad it's a spolyn's faux trend obviously radio mom B 3.8 to a 4.4 they
went up considerably so it means old expose WMIV men in black 4.6 to 4.4 radio a AMR and I'll
let's let's look for somebody's big thing I got the stack of the 12 plus breakdown by
day party you don't want those do you what do you mean it's just big stack of 12 plus
numbers you don't want these we're do you understand what you're talking about a big stack
of 12 numbers well of course we want them what do you mean we don't want them are you crazy
here they come have you lost it anyway let me see if I W I O D 3.4 share 3.3 in this
trend I keep in mind the transfer the people don't understand is a rolling three months
we have four rating book what what does that mean it means that you mama I O D 3.3 what about
Q I am two eight to a two nine and the Q went up or look at that a Q went up like 20,000
that's good because our Q we need to boost that baby up especially if anybody can hear our
crappy AM signal would really help now let's see what about some of these other stations
like Fox Sports W R F X let's take a puke at that number okay oh no from they were making
a little bit of progress in the last one from a point seven to a 0.6 are you sure I'm looking
right at it is that bad or what huh I'm waiting to make Fox Sports point seven to a point six
waves what's that station and mr. ego was on WNMA is at it if you say you show up in the
summer book they got a 0.4 now and what's that FTL the thing is that a 50 yes because norm is
always talking about that but isn't that the one that D4 was on yes well I don't see it do you no
I aborted the faxing of the 12 plus numbers to start faxing the many teen plus numbers why are they
good we're flat I think well that mean that's good no don't you understand no I do understand if
we're flat that's good okay it's bad if like a Johnny Foster's flat it's bad if a Karen
carpet it was flat all I guess at this point don't make the much difference no seriously I don't see
I don't see FTL on here and they're actually in the market the 15 notes it's a Palm Beach thing
and there there's somewhere up there but they got a big signal and everybody's oh W I
know I'm a gem sorry was right in that crap about well all you savvy sports listeners they got
this and they got that I listen to it on Friday a little bit it was crap it was all a bunch of
Charles Osgood from CBS it was all about the network crap and a bunch of news huh it was news it
was canned garbage although the signal wasn't that the signal was great hey we should only have a
signal like that if we were in Palm Beach my god our signal blows and it's a miracle we got these
numbers okay what's about what about the morning six to ten I'll see again this is kind of like a
mood point you know what I mean right warm up IOD was flat three five to a three five six to 10
a.m. and 12 plus overall which was you're right these don't mean anything but it's something to talk
about look at that the morning it's two four to a two seven that must have been the for real factor not
the Arali factor the for real factor or maybe it was Mo maybe Mo caught on absolutely out it
make sure you're caught on the pull he's moved up to what huh he's moved up to a strong third on our
pole today nice going Mo you demand because you give up all the crap you could unwrap all the time
so he was sick this morning huh I shouted out the window even here I shout out hey Mo was sick
this morning everybody's going oh right high five in each other hey that's good news hey
it's that a gold leaf school they were going go Mo go far away and soon maybe he'll die or
something bad 113 at five 60 speaking of Mo if you got a silly looking hair piece okay if you
got like we're silly hats like Miss Fudge or if you got like you know take your take your hair
piece for a walk every couple of times an hour the answer is Chuck Alphiri because Charlie
doesn't monkey around with dead animals things like that he doesn't monkey around with drilling holes
in your head and certainly not with dangerous pills that don't grow a follicle but take a lot of
money out of your wallet the answer is the natural hairline system Charlie's been doing this for
guys for our coons age for many many years that is correct working with the famous and not so famous
in everybody in between because even if you had millions and billions of dollars you couldn't get a
better looking piece than Charles's natural hairline system because it looks like real here like it
belongs on your head like it's going out of your scalp as opposed to Sam Donaldson and as
opposed to a watch his name Rick who's the coach of the panthers now Rick Dudley he put the
dudden Dudley and on his head and you have nothing to lose but your ugly bald spot because everybody
gets Charlie's 38 Guadantee you wear the piece for three days if you don't love the way looks and
feels and smells if you're not getting action 15 20 40 times a day return it for full refund so
like I said nothing lose but that shiny glaring ugly bald spot that makes you look so old and
bad too and if you mentioned the arises when you call again extra 200 bucks off the regular
already low price so call that toll free never get some hair back from Chuck Alphairian looks
sensational like a real manch even if you don't know what that means call 1 800 321 24 13
1 800 321 24 13 or log on to his prestigious website Charles Alphairie.com
I didn't see you can say that yes or on day now you
or on day gets me not on my watch you pump or on day he's a good
what's with that kung fu grip and we got one of our three-thirty impotent coolers on the line him
WQAM what do you want
yeah man come on spit it out
can't understand the goddamn thing you're saying what do you do it
oh that's quite understandable by eye sometimes
yeah
yeah guppy
you gotta be told now almost there
say go run day
run day
run day
faster
run day
run day
run day
run day
run day
run day
run day
run day
you little
go
away
I'm I think it's 560
look at it all over my week yeah we know we shot I don't I think I lost that story I was just
gonna read and people say oh thank you all that yeah in the middle of the I got all these piles of
stuff maybe I schmitt candit can you believe that about the voting thing well that's okay because
it's on our websites are doing next break I'll like click on here and print it out again
I really do I think I lost it that would be bad wouldn't
well that's what happens when you got all these piles and piles of crap
so anyway man we went down a little bit but I told you we're dropping off a pretty damn
strong july but the amazing part of this trend is afternoon stayed flat
and they were dropping off a huge huge july which means they continue to have an a huge huge uh
October if the marlins
it's got nothing to do with the marlins the marlins stuck man the marlins
but look at did you look at the nights yeah I did in spite of the playoffs in the world
serious the nights actually went down from a five to an a summer to a four point three what
else are you sending me back here that I'm hearing uh persons uh 2554 18 to 35 now I don't want that
we don't want that you wasted my fast people we're gonna have to chop down all the maple trees here man
don't be crapping around with the 18 to 34 2554 persons in that city I don't want all this crap
cutting up my life so what are we looking at overall and the amazing part of this isn't of course
we're still number one in many but we had a little bit of a drop off in the number but uh
we're number one damn it many team plus number one station in the market wqn continuing the
shock in the confound with a 5.6 share in this trend next wcm qfm with a 4.8 the number two
no spaghetti glaze life 4.7 life got a lot of uh young men listen right radio mom b 4.6
I told it was a spongebob e dr 4.5 w i would eat down from a 4.8 to a 4.3 you know what I'd
want to be interesting on here now let's see this is um was rush off during this thing or what
uh that's a good question part of it October right I do believe part of this he was off so let's see
10 to three we got a 6.7 down from a 7.2 but still number one CMQ 5.5 i.o.d 6.3 to a 5.5 you see that
right he's been off time for a second huh he was off for five weeks right yeah but I think most
of that was like it'll be show up in the November book in the November month I would think you
think it's because it's like uh from the middle of October like to the middle of it yeah a lot of
that will so anyway there you go with that middle uh mornings mornings were interesting though 4.8
number four in men to a 5.2 number three in these three months the only problem is you know
what the problem is yeah no we don't know i'll take your children a selum dysphimacias yeah see he's
gone now so we don't know whether that's going to have a negative effect on the next trend whether
it's going to we don't know only time will tell because maybe the big number in the morning might
have been more absolutely doubted very seriously even when we did a lot better than the summer we
thought it it might have been the moment i don't think i've ever well i'm gonna say ever but i
can't believe i ever had something standing by that i felt so strongly about that it was going to
like read on the ear and then just apparently smith can well i hope you find it we might have to
take a call i beg your pardon yeah i beg your pardon no i don't i don't i don't see it i think it
disappeared i think a bunch of uh fascists came in here while i wasn't looking while i was uh
staking all these numbers together and stole my freaking story not but i was reading the al franken
book which i thought was pretty damn entertaining and amusing and fascinating even though some of
the people out there oh gee he's reading and not taking enough calls again well let's let's take one
here's line six q a m yeah hi oh i'm calling in on the um talk line are you guys running
local show right now how about your pardon are you guys running the local uh show right now or
station are you listening to sir q a m five sixty yeah then how come you don't know what the show
we're running oh because i'm not working i don't have the radio on yeah well if you're not listening
they just got through saying you're listening to five sixty q a m who is this who are you calling
i guess i'm calling the neo-rodger show no this is a recording though no it's not it's a recording
well i'm a why would you ask why would you ask if we're running a local show what does that mean
uh well sometimes in some of these local radio stations they have uh
national indicated share we don't have any of those share of them like why like dumb
limbaugh we don't hear that crap exactly we're live and local from Toronto can i can i talk about
football real quick no first now yeah how did i told you we need to get that he's not listening
he doesn't have any idea what we have on a year can he talk about football real quick no first
you jackass thank you thank you for that but i told you let's take some calls what do you say no
i can print that story out there in the next break and i wish it's i don't know 18 to 34 you send me
all this crap and i couldn't give you this stop before you did why do we care about this this is so
out of our league you know it's so uh i mean power 1260 with 10 five there's still number one
just barely edging out edr for anybody who cares any of your punks m i b 10 1 to a 9 5 down from
second to third zeta 5 6 to a 5 4 18 to 34 do we care what about zeta in the morning you've
got a close personal buddy for the poly man huh should we take a look at what he's got 18 to 34
god o'oddler let's say 6 to 10 a.m 18 to 34 w edr 8 9 well how's that possible what happened to
well you know who who where the hell is Howard oh that's right he that's 18 to 34 persons not man
he went back up again how it's firm not the Howard you're thinking of let's see zeta 7 1 to
7 to the number four persons 18 to 34 what am i looking for here this is of no interest to anybody
you're side tracking me but i'm trying to find that story about the fixed boarding machines huh
by that story i do like that last call though he was magnificent 10 midday 18 to 34 it's not our
demographic although it might be fairly interesting to see if we really took a bath there if we
really took a bad hit two five with two five that's persons so that means we got like almost a five
not great not too bad same flat which means we did okay we'll take it we'll take it we'll take
whatever we got because we're number one dammit that last call was spectacular he was that was the
epitome of what doing this show in South Florida is all about i'm sitting here I read all of that
stuff from the alfrankin book i go through we got the ratings out here all of the stuff that we're
doing we got a really interesting pull over here which I'll eventually get around to 10
how it's going and the call doesn't know what the hell we're doing what show we've got on the
year doesn't know who the hell he's talking to but can he talk about football for a month
that's that that's going to be no no seriously sports radio is evil i hate to use that term but it's
evil it's an evil grotesque horrendous thing and the people the sports nerds out there including
the ones inside the building these are people who really are a detriment to the future of the human
race make no mistake of booted okay i mean that would be like my putting on the goddamn
audio from leaf tv or something what about the the the issue that our caller Alex raised at
the beginning of the segment where he said look what Joe new and i did Joe new and i won the
Stanley Cup was the best player in that auto watch series with him jersey like i mean how you know
how would that be that would that would be criminal wow i once Joe new and i coming back already
come on cordon algebra let's get with it pussy 26 after what a qm hey when it comes to having
your carpets clean all you need to be thinking about is two words dry concepts that's it
because they've been in business in town for like twenty five years now 24 25 in my home over
20 years they've been doing it right and with the holiday season coming up very very quickly now
there's never been a better time than right now to have your carpets clean taken out the schmoots
the oil and germs making them look and smell and feel just like brand new that they've accumulated
over the summer months all that stuff dry concepts that's the standard and the carpet cleaning
business because they're the only ones in the world who really dry clean your carpets it's an
exclusive patent and method same idea is drag clean your clothing which takes out all the crap
and leaves your carpets sparkling clean vibrant and color and smelling like i said only moments ago
lemony fresh and all their technicians are school they know they're crap and your carpets are
dry in a couple of hours you got the biggest smile on your pussy because you won't believe how
fantastic like brand new they can make them look that's the truth and they give you written
guaranteed price up front so unlike most of the other carpet cleaning companies in a world
which are famous for scams after the job you never have to worry about that let me say to get a
written guaranteed price before they start even doing the work and you can also say 15% on your
next carpet cleaning ask about that when you call dry concepts tool free at 1-800-248-5071 get
your carpets and all your other stuff your area right is draper your poultry looking just like
brand new in time for the holidays call 1-800-248-5071 or get more info on their great work they do
for on their website at dryconcepts.com
oh
coming up tonight an inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
he came up on the main streets of south central osanjles putting a cap on people's ass and
dealing drugs he was montel jordan actually you guys got it wrong i wasn't part of all that gang
stuff until jordan an african american hip hop rapper actually wanted us to believe that he
didn't go around killing people and writing hoes all night i had strong parental figures man
that's what it was all about i issued all the violence and all that oh oh you issued the violence
you issued look you don't have to use ten dollars to make us think you went to college i did go
to college i got a degree in communications from pepper dine i stayed in school i went to church
come on dude we're doing a story on a rap artist just play along and be a thug all right uh gang
stuff as you people put it no way i'm here to tell you that that thanks to a hit song you were able
to get out of the ghetto stop doing crack and get all the bling bling and booty you want no i
you what don't even try it mr the last thing we need is literate well spoken people of color like
you screwing up a gold mine for the record industry okay look you guys better watch it or else
or rip a put a cap in your ass that's the spirit montel jordan we know you come around
to our way of thinking if by thinking you mean perpetuating racial stereotypes in the interest of
commerce yeah it's a big juicy shopping with look at show business tonight and inside the
behind all right 133 at five sixty wf 404 votes on a pool so quietly they've been cast in their
vote on that thing behind our back what was the number one bad idea of the last century united
nations creation of israel in the middle of a billion people who hate them eighty four supreme court
stopping florida hoekhan the two thousand election sixty seven wqm getting giving mohauer david
his own talk show forty four absolutely a respectable third u.s congress approaching book impeaching
book then for lying about blow jobs thirty one secret service nineteen sixty three for going the
bubble top in the limo and alas twenty nine algor picking julie brimmed for running rate twenty one
lbj escalating west involvement vietnam eighteen marshal clerk allowing a nearly all black three fifteen
christgard let's have oj triner clubs fifteen Hitler opening the second front against rusher fifteen
thank goodness coke a cola changing its recipe is got a dozen so let's give it a coke okay i mean
if bill or i can attack Pepsi let's attack coke okay red socks are telling paper with to the
Yankees to finance a broadway show twelve the fcc deregulating broadcast industry eleven
neville chamberland munic agreement on piece on our time eleven u.s congress passing prohibition six
syndicators giving magic johnson tv show four lawmaker's creation of nafta three how's that fta
a going a uh... in derogandia we still we get a chuckle out of that
the the i'm sure the six will make excellent bodyguards three
the fox network chubby chase you to and ford motor company with the s.l. only one out of four
hundred and some both because nobody this crowds old enough to remember the s.l. except the
soul forts and they don't have computers i did that print this out again by the way good this
so you feel better about why you colline redman who's a writer who lives in virginie
and wrote this for common dreams dot org voting machine voodoo democracy at risk
she says i got my first taste of electronic voting on election day this past november although
lever voting votes were still being used in my county a touch screen computer was available
and people lined up to try it i was surprised that no one i spoke to there was where the controversy
surrounding electronic voting no one seemed to know that computer scientists all over the country
of warren electronic voting is open to corruption or that john hopkins researcher studying the problem
released reports of life twenty third stating our analysis shows that this voting system is far
below even the most minimal security standards applicable to other contexts in the days following
november fourth i looked through local town and state newspapers to see if any voting new stories
with mentioned these concerns but the stories i read were all about the novelty of the new touch
screen machines how easy they were to use or how people are resistant to change most americans
believe that the voting fiasco the two thousand presidential election in florida was caused by
outdated voting practices but this was only part of the problem in a june two thousand my article
title florida vote right for disparities study says rights panel finds blacks penalized the
Washington post report of this florida's conduct of the two thousand presidential election was
marked by injustice in aptitude and inefficiency that unfairly penalized mental ready voters the
west commission on civil rights is concluded in a report that criticizes top state officials
especially governor jab bush and secretary of state catharine herris for allowing for allowing
disparate treatment of voters the article went on the site the hundred and sixty seven page final
draft report as stating that overzealous efforts to purge state voter list was a factor in the wide
spread disenfranchisement of largely non-wide voters considering that jorge bush prevailed over
al-Gore by zillis five hundred and thirty votes in florida that many thousands of voters in the
predominantly democratic precincts were wrongfully turned away at the polls one could conclude that
the election was determined due to this disenfranchisement rather than the contested vote count
still the hanging chads and butterfly ballots got the blame in florida an official scramble to
reform voting systems corporate vendors and lobbyists swarmed capital hill with promises
that high tech computer voting was the way to reform congress passed the help america vote act
and allocated nearly four billion dollars for new new new technology corporations who manufactured
the electronic voting systems and benefit from million dollar contracts have vigorously
assured the public that their systems are secure but academic researchers aren't alone in their
criticism of electronic voting recently a military information technology contractor essay i c
was commissioned by the state of Maryland to access the controversial
touchscreen voting machines and found them to be at high risk of compromise a private researcher
inadvertently came across unprotected voting system files on the website of die bold the leading
voting machine manufacturer and then posted them on the internet to show how easy electronic
voting is to corrupt the researcher bevheris author of black box voting reported that the files
included diagrams of remote communication setups passwords encryption keys source code
user manuals and more although none of the local newspapers are read reported voter mistrust
of electronic voting a look at nationwide stories on the subject does indicate that public
confidence in this voting process is eroding and october 31st association associate
impressed by robber tanner worries grow over new voting machines reliability security list the
main concerns of electronic voting is lack of confidence because there's no verifiable receded one
vote inability to conduct a recount due to no physical record of the vote and fear of election
fraud because the computers aren't secure enough hackers can get in and manipulate election results
concerns about voter fraud could be more than theoretical and even though computer technology
is prone to shut down and error electronic voting machines already are widely in use and more
expected to be coming already there have been problems and conflicts of interest that race suspicions
recently the chief executive of die bold unbelievably claimed that he was committed to helping
Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the president next year former conservative radio talk show host
and current republican the u.s senator chalcago was also on a hot seat when it was revealed that
just prior to his senatorial campaign he had ownership in the voting machine company that counted
his winning votes and didn't disclose it why were there three republican candidates in cannell
county texas declared victors in their respective races by the exact same margin of 18,181 votes
why did die bold posted california county selection tallies on its website before the polls closed
in georgia it's been recently reported that die bold installed patches on its voting machines
before the state school of interrelations that were never certified by independent testing authorities
in california the state is launching an investigation into allegedly legal tampering with
electronic voting machines in a san francisco bake area county since the essay i c find these
the same companies who assured us their voting systems were secure are now just as vigorously
assuring us that they'll fix the problems the insisted they'd never had which should private
corporate industries with possible vested interest in election results have such control over
our most fundamental and essential democratic act should their computer programs that televoting
machines how to tell you votes continue to be allowed to be held as trade secrets the computer
voting industries like a financial institution that doesn't keep records would be accepts as loose
standards from a bank that holds our money representative rush hold is sponsoring legislation that
would require electronic voting machines to produce an actual paper record so that voters can
verify their vote in election judges would have a paper try trail to follow i urge citizens of
all political persuasions to contact their representatives and let them know they support this
step in the right direction i think we should all inform ourselves on the electronic voting issue
and ponder what the john hopkin study concluded we must carefully consider the risk inherited
electronic voting as it places our very democracy at risk wow and as somebody i know would say
government yourselves accordingly do you want the persons 2554 sure okay bring them on baby
20 till two at five 60 wqa i'm hate big news for you how the potty x mc speak in a ratings
their rated number one the number one potty x mc dealer in all of the county and satisfaction
in fact i'm sure the time layman until pread we're like to join us in saying just like we are a
qm what is great the transit came out today join us in saying we're number one and thank their
lower customers for a zillion years 35 plus in that same location for their support stop by
halibutty act right now check out the potty act vibe normally retails for over 20 grand but right now
in halibut you can buy it fully loaded for just 16 five plus tax and tag it is always halibut you
truck headquarters over 300 and stock to choose them right now including the ucon and ucon excel
and come and soon the amazing envoy x uv the most unique SUV on a market anywhere and like we've
been doing for a long time over there at halibut great nil deals are waiting for your day to
hell of potty act gmc you'll find them at one thirty four all one south dixie highway that's
u s one across in the falls open every day seven days a week for the latest called the nil
rogers nil deal hotline tool free one trivel eight five three four forty two eleven that's one
trivel eight five three four forty two eleven keep in mind all offers subject credit approval
cr friends and helix for details that's it the one and only helipodiac gmc who'll be on
and by any measure our professional grade
at this rate someone's got to do the right thing
or will be countable till spring
so what's the difference with the final score just give it to George Bush or give it to go
about one of you not go ahead should do the right thing
god's a thing all will be countable till spring
cuz either way they know it was a time so i wonder why
please tell me this thing pick a king hand-calling ballots
here's our ridiculous name and we'll be at it till spring
both guys and goons their petty and small
neither could run a store in a more
even a two big day before it makes no difference which mark wins this thing
let's wrap up the counting by spring
let's give it to nader or pat you can in give the racist a chance or maybe parole
will toss his hat back in how about allie make me or her best friendling
as long as we don't have to count till spring or big news is 147 a qm look at this
authority search and microdance and jax is never laying ranch
uh... first he might immediate thought was that maybe he had suffered some sort of stress or colina
he there was he in the uh...
ambulance but we know that from that all his whereabouts we just don't know you know i
should say parenthetically i wonder where his three children are he has three children of his own
are they in the police fan out across neverland are they somewhere else are they in Vegas with
michael jackson
i don't know if you can't serve a personnel looking for them
these again it's early uh...
they they're still a developing story we just don't have those answers of course and we don't want to put you in a
position no personal you any speculating there we have a great time very much for court tv
authority search and michael jackson's neverland range thanks so much that
wow what did they huh
a date with a game marriage thing uh... massachusetts supreme court said why not
and say go ahead and do it but they said well why not
i notice you stopped sending me the twenty five fifty fours there any special reason for the
interview no i've sent the stock you did sure
oh well he never came through maybe my sheen just got tired you know after the first five hundred
pages i'll go check it out
tell me where any one of refacts from there i beg your pardon tell me what you let me do your whistle
to
i got here the first i had a
there's no more reason why should be printed was little paper little paper
shortage but it was paper in there that's okay just keep the evening we all in
maple trees
one forty nine let's take a few calls here so we pretend like we bounced it out
here today you know
but you think i'll just get him a girl you have to answer because it's always bad
it's not a good move i wasn't going to
see i tried to get your off the hook with that we just just roll time say
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t
and for eyes and wireless line of very i thought it was going to be a pressure
pack that could sense it i could feel that i could
smell it or maybe that was screw in wqa n
well yes sir it sounds just like you
uh uh uh one is to get the masters from i think i deserve these answers on the
title to it well what does that mean
preference oh it's an idiot well he was this phone's a little warbly
today okay you're in there with your title our foot up your ass
i don't mean just me i mean all of us deep inside your rectum okay you're
entitled to him and by the way they don't want you with the track no more
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty they don't mind a homo no more
some old but they don't want you no more how do you like that river jones you
by the way ditch the cap you look like a clown wqa m
no balls up all but they don't want you no qa m with a radio turn way up
yes let me talk to niko speaking
niko what i do retire after all boring boring wqa m hello
okay qa m hello hey niko it's going on here yes sir how you doing
not much um we're okay i just want to thank you for everything you do
and uh what's up with Miguel's list he's not like a fru-k dude what's up
yeah he's fru-k he's out on a t-shirt you know yeah he does he does okay get out of here
see i told you to be good to get some calls in here to prove my point which i've always proven
oh seven months were really magnificent and fantastic because no matter what it is
we could have like world war three breaking out here right in the middle of the show and these
the same colors that you just heard they still have it on there is there any doubt about it
no doubt there's no doubt about it oh yeah and also let's talk about that dolphins what do you
say what a win on sunday i don't know man that was really heavy heavy duty just shook me at my
uh roots my fruits by way Miguel puts on and so fru-k we replaced toy gonna get him some lip balm
George smear it on him one fifty one at five sixty wqm hey if you're underpaid and overworked
like poor Miguel who's got to put up don't be picking on him he's got to put up with that bitch
to reen every day maybe you'd like to get out of your crappy job and get you into a new high
pain career you just don't know where to turn what to do where to go you don't have the cash in
the time to spend four years in college getting some kind of a third degree here's the answer
one simple call could change your life call fast train tool free it's one eight six six fast
train they can have you train certified for a high-paying computer network professional career or
a high-paying medical computer specialist career in as little as four months four short easy
months out of your life to really make a big change for the positive and get some cash make a living
get a life that's right they can have your fully trained ready for that new job in as little
as four months which means December January for by the spring fast train offers day evening
a week in classes job placement assistants and even financial aid for people to qualify with
four soft floor locations it just makes sense you don't have to be a rocket scientist to figure it
out there's about to be one close by you so check them out of the web first at fast train.com
and then make that call that could change your life forever give you a real job a real sense of
something in your life at a big fat paycheck to call one eight six six fast train
my life and local this is 420560 you weigh 2 a.m.
were you fudge packing?
it's an asshole celebration and they're all out on the street see them on the sidewalk
over here then shepherd and be 20,000 assholes to an asshole from the maid
stuff aside good people is the assholes for a
we got the assholes for freedom the assholes for fun the assholes for Jesus the assholes for guns
assholes for justice assholes for crime assholes for assholes assholes all time
you got assholes making money you're making all the rules
you're taking all our jobs you're filling up our school assholes on the water assholes on the sky
you're finding sense to help one it's only assholes need a fly
oh
teacher won't you tell me am I really made a grade
am I have my class or am I just another asshole on the grade
you
assholes get the borders and assholes grow to both assholes get elected
because assholes get the roads I once heard it's been I old assholes never died
they just made me bend and it's only life assholes and money assholes every night
assholes and the land and assholes for the prey
that's the music
now what do you think I'll do the phone there what did you do with all the exercise I've
called what is that you got it in there
I'm making pardon it's a busy ultimate to make them all busy oh that was a beautiful thing
I love that that was very exciting got emotional about that 461 votes on our pool
you and creating Israel in the middle of a billion people oh hey I'm not a good idea 93 the worst idea
the number one bad idea of the last century supreme court stopping the Florida hot count
the two thousand elections second seventy seven and the moment qm given mojaro david
of his own show a very respectable third absolutely 55 hey don't go way out to the show
what is it don't go right off after the show why is that does has to talk to you oh I don't
talk to her but you've got to I still don't have no more 2550 foes where did it leave on it left
off but leave on Elton jama singing leave on I said no way I just oh I got was like about
the first three pages two or three pages I'll send it just stopped I don't want to assume it's
like operator on your end like that and I'm a sheen down there to qm equipment but it just might
be you never know here we go again here we go again mad dog is a sit and buy he's going to be
worked up to a frenzy next you got the hopper at chulas and the that's yesterday right
hoppers in the studio the big oh seven to ten edd k10 and julie mark overnight bye bye bye
send me the watch your show I'm watching the qm by and for lariel I don't have a penis I don't believe it
absolutely
