is a buffalo bill.
I'm glad they did score those extra two touchdowns and last two interception and last minute and have because otherwise I would have given you the exact score on issue on Friday.
I'm a good Schmidt can the whole format and just a psychic meal every day put that misc clear to shame.
I think that's a great idea. Colin for our psychic prognostications. I gave you Tampa Bay 34 Oakland 21 and I'm sitting there with a big smile on my push.
Minute and a half to go in the game and I'm thinking, God am I a genius or what?
And then they got the nerve like I said they didn't want me to be a show off score those added two touchdowns meaningless kind of took the edge off it right there in the end.
Nice go boys piece of cake. What did I tell you about rich gain and MVP my ass when push came to show when the big game was online.
I George really enjoyed the Super Bowl last night riveted because he didn't watch it. You didn't even seen Celine Dion sing the national anthem.
And what what is she doing? I mean, even a English speaking Canadian's hit her like poison. Right.
Frog. What is she doing down here? Yeah, sucking on a quince singing the American national. No, she didn't sing the national anthem. I think that by she sang God bless America, which is even worse.
Even worse.
Because a lot of her fellow frogs are saying God damn America right now. It's that a God bless America. And then they had the chicks with I mean the Dixie chicks.
Yeah, that's what I was calling. Huh? Don't you think that's more interesting? It is the chicks with Dixie cups. They sang the national anthem. They were pretty good. No, they were okay.
We all got a chance to meet them by the way in the old building out this one. You really see chick. So you met let's see Jessica Simpson, right, who's actually seen Nikola, Shazepenis maybe. And you also saw the chicks with this he chicks.
Boy, are you moving up in the world? So you don't have time for a small potatoes like slain Dion that needed his most of the rest of us. We sneaked in a surprise pull on you folks over the weekend. And man, the votes are staring to pour in now that they found it.
Look at that. I bet you would get up to 900 on a second pole. That's amazing. Isn't it? And on a spide. We had the worm over the weekend. So a lot of people out there had the worm over the weekend.
So I hear that's what Muff just said. He stuck his head over the door and he said what else a weekend without the old wicked worm something like that. And so a lot of people's computers were down, which cut down on number of votes, right? My was down Saturday.
AT&T broadband sucks, by the way. I just thought I mentioned that so does belt South and well Carlos wants to differ with you. And Carlos didn't get a lot of votes, which he's pleased with that you buried him. You even beat me out.
Let me get back to the first bowl. Got a lot of business take care of here today. Nice call to Tampa Bay. Congratulations John.
What I tell you. I mean, you know, Brad Johnson. He's not a great quarterback. He's never going to be a great quarterback, but that's not the kind of team that needs a great quarterback.
Okay. And people looked at me when I gave the score. They said, Oh, gee, what a great defense is those two teams? How are they going to score like that?
And when the score was three three for a very long time and at first quarter, I'm thinking I must be a lunatic, huh? 34 to 21 and a wide of 48 to 21 George. What?
See, and then of course we got to saw great masters in monitoring mode this morning. I heard somebody's whiners. Oh, gee, it's really the worst.
Next to the jets, winning a Super Bowl. The worst thing they're saying is that another Florida team won a Super Bowl. What kind of logic is that?
What kind of whiners? What kind of crybabies? You know, self-hating.
Yeah, instead of like reveling in it, they're saying, Yeah, that's not nice. And they got a point there when you come right down to a bunch of mugwamps, but those guys aren't from Tampa any of those players on that team.
And they don't live well if they do live a good luck to them.
Quite frankly, most of our embarrassed that they play in that place, but nevertheless, that's the name of the team. Okay.
Too bad that what's his name? John McKay couldn't have still been alive. Any day ago? Who?
John McKay was the original coach of Tampa Bay when they won. They lost all 14 games in the first season and they lost 26 in the road to begin their franchise.
I'm guarantee that if the Tampa Bay Buccaneers would have started in this town instead of the dolphins, they'd have been playing in Raleigh or somewhere by now.
They'd have been long gone. Just like the lightning. They'd have been gone.
Because this town will not support a loser. Forget about it. And they're busy saying, Yeah, well, you know what they're saying up there? Back at you. That's what they're saying in Tampa.
And they're not riding up there like a bunch of assholes like they're doing Oakland. What the hell I do with that storage. You see that?
And Oakland, they're like burning cars and not going over crap because they lost the game. Of course, if they win the game, at least they're consistent because after they have to they won the AFC championship game, they had crowd setting fires, breaking windows and throwing rocks and bottles.
And now that they lost the Super Bowl, they had crowd setting fires, breaking windows and throwing rocks and bottles and starting cars on fire.
Vanquished the fast food restaurant last night following the game in Oakland. And you know something that makes me very pleased.
You know, the only thing I ever did in my life in Oakland was that gigantic dump that I took in the denies. Well, actually I took it in my pants, but on the way into denies.
But I left them on those soiled underwears right there. Yeah, there you go.
With this stain and disgust in contempt for you animals in Oakland, I left you some crappy old petal unies, some fruits of the loom for you idiots.
Anyway, can we get back to the because there got a lot of business here, maybe like three, four o'clock before we get caught up?
Somebody faxes me because they're still faxing. And there are people still hawking me with this crap. Oh yeah.
Hey, listen, Dick Feinberg, let me tell you right now, Dave Ingram, I think what you think, okay? I think he wants to represent him.
And Brian's here as God, did I mention that a hundred times, Brian? We all love you, Brian. You're the best.
There's a hearty's on a hundred and third street in a hyaluria. Somebody faxes me. And a hearty's made our final. Aren't you embarrassed about that that we had a mistake? No. No.
Do we believe that there's a hearty's in a hyaluria? Whatever.
Now is that 49th street or a hundred and third street in hyaluria? Don't start. I live there once upon a time.
Isn't that amazing? I live right next to a mimeo late summer. Let's have different streets just to be assholes. Yeah, because nobody in this town can get along.
So we're going to call it a hundred and third street. No, that's the county that calls a hundred and third.
But in the city of hyaluria, everything has to be different as in lights 49th street. Right.
So that's one of the good things, especially in a tourist tower. You've got a lot of people who are lost to begin with and then come in looking for a street.
Is this 49th street? No, well, it's really a hundred and third street. Oh, well, I'll go out 54 blocks and see if I can find it.
In addition to which of your visiting this town, what are you doing there anyway?
Let's throw coral gables and mimeo lights in there just for good news.
Coral gables? Oh, you don't want to be there. I don't understand how anybody finds anything in the gables. Do you? Only if you live there.
You know your way around. I think that's the idea. Yeah, I think it's a plot. Right. They don't want any tourists in the gables.
Okay, stay the hell out of there with your ducks and your pickup trucks, anything else that rhymes with those things.
In fact, even the Aflag duck, they won't lay in there.
A lot of blue noses in this town, which I am and were the poorest. Did you know that were the poorest major market in America?
Let's hear it. We're always leading in some crappy categories. There's another one.
Bob Herbert's got a column on it. It isn't in New York Times, which is on our website today.
On our very, very informative website. Thanks to Carlos and Eric, who is working on it.
Don't start. It's a Monday. It's a day after the Super Bowl. I know. You started.
No, you're starting. You started. You started. You started. You started.
You started up there, which I faxed him a thing on Friday and he did a good job of getting this new poll up there real quick.
We love Eric.
And he also mentioned a couple of cost of things about Carlos. No, he didn't do that.
10 past nine at five, 60 WQM happy Monday to it. That 20. I am going to frame the $20 bill or whatever he brings it. Maybe he'll bring in a coinage.
Man, mad dog. We're comedian. He is.
You heard that the whole world was the witness. That'd be 20 bucks right there. And he's not that we're gambling illegally, by the way.
Because we sure wouldn't want to do that like everybody else does. I think George is probably the only person in America didn't have a bet on the Super Bowl game.
And the good news is you don't have to watch it. Have a bet on it. Right. Want a bet?
10 after 9 a QYM hay are still sleeping in the same old mattress you've had for years and years and years.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on your life every day than a great night's sleep. Believe me. Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now and you'll have a great night's sleep from Dollar Matress for a long time to come.
I call it 1-800-MATress anytime I need new mattress. It's an easy thing to do. It's the smart thing to do. They carry Seely. They carry Surda Simmons, King Coral.
Every size and style ever invented. And you'll have 30 days to tread out in your home with the best comfort exchange policy ever invented too.
Some places make you sleep on your new mattress for at least 30 or even 60 nights before I can exchange. If you're not comfortable after the first night, you just bought 59 more sleepless nights with those guys.
They'll charge you for restock, re-delivering, you'll pay full retail prices on exchanges too. Not when you do business with dollar mattress.
For real comfort and no hidden charges or extra fees call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S right now. If you need an exchange you can do it anytime within their 30 day comfort exchange period.
No hassles at all. If you'd like to shop online check them out at mattress.com. It's the website for Dollar Matress. If you want to see it before you buy it, mattress.com is that pictures of the mattress is the expert bedding consultant suggest.
So make the call right now to Dollar Matress and enjoy a great night's sleep per month and years to come. Call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for Dollar Matress. The answer for a perfect night's sleep. Be sure to come that Fat Boy Tour did call.
My name is Loco. This is 420-560. You ain't who I am. Play off, huh? Play off this. OOO!
Over the past few months I noticed I was losing some hair. So I talked to my doctor and he told me about Rogan. I asked him about Propecia but he told me since I'm on the antidepressant Paxil.
Propecia might not be a good idea and Paxil causes some sexual dysfunction. So I take my aggregate counteract back.
But that causes me to feel nauseated which is why I use this ant acid which works well for that but it doesn't work for long enough periods from my heartburner acid reflex.
So my doctor told me about Pryloce which keeps me awake. So he gained these antics which I started taking too much of and that kind of worried him. So he weaned me off that and put me on Trasedom which is not really a sleeping medication but it works like one anyway and it's non-addictive.
It also causes headaches which is why I take Bios. Bios works differently than any other ant inflammatory and lasts up to 24 hours and that can be a huge pain when it hurts your stomach like it does mine.
Not nauseous, just sharp stabbing pains. Hydrocodal and fix that but boy does that make me nauseous. So now I reach for new maflux. Maflux is scientifically designed to stop nausea instantly. New maflux, ask your doctor.
916-560-W-Q-A-M. So we got that straight out hearties and highly went out of business a couple years ago. So guess what Mr. Smarty, Panser, whoever you are are they're wrong. Always trying to find a mistake with us okay?
I give them a score almost right to the point right right to the exact score. And they're still looking for mistakes.
Here's John and Port St. Lucie who says also do the same thing. Union 76 gas stations are in many of these circle K convenience stores in Martin and St. Lucie counties.
Do we care about Martin and St. Lucie counties? No. John we appreciate your list and we love you very much we think especially if you don't know Greg but the fact of the matter is we don't care about Martin or St. Lucie counties.
Sorry about that John do we have Union 76 here? No. No we stand right on top of it.
Okay here's the poll from Friday the first one. I think I did the right thing by Schmitt canning it right away because you people want to carry that thing on forever.
I mean it must have been a pretty good topic but let's face it. Younger demographics don't want to hear us talk about places that no longer exist.
Living and breathing young people under the age of 100 and let me ask you one other question George who in their right mind what person under the age of 100 wants to have a bunch of fat old guys talking about sports?
Well I'm not going to give me. I mean let's get serious anyway. What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around we asked and we carried this on for a day we had the pre limbs and then this was the runoff on Friday and then I got home Friday afternoon I said okay well we got almost 800 votes on there that's enough Schmitt canning.
And I fact over a much more provocative and much more interesting pool to Eric especially my other fact that we all seem to be falling on our face around here since more head town but anyway.
What's your favorite South Florida business that's no longer around Eastern Airlines and by the way did I tell you Bobby Maduro Stadium was bogus while the show was going on did I say that it was because once the show ended those people all went away.
Eastern Airlines 87 and I think that's a good I think this turned out pretty good. Six bags at land is waterpark 81.
A lot of pedophiles used to like going over there watch those little kids sliding up and down on it.
Bobby Maduro Stadium which was bogus so we throw that out 65 or like all crank sunrise musical theater 55 see what I'm saying these make sense to me.
Topless car wash 41 playboy club 38 what natural brillo playboy club 38 don't tell Janet how to it sport at orium 36 Wolfies 33 New England oyster house 32
Sambo's 29 Jordan March 28 pump or next 21 who knows pizza 20 J. Byron's and Burton jacks and one met co-featers each had 19.
I have no idea what the attraction with J. Byron's is maybe somebody will tell me but I doubt it. Malibu Grand Prix in incredible University of 17 peaches 16.
Remember all the show the appearances that we did at peaches and the shows that we did there et cetera and so on.
Yeah they're all gone they're gone.
They're done.
Sad.
Faneato.
I have an unspent gift certificate to peaches.
Oh geez frame that I got a 40 out of gift certificate from Houston's from like two years ago you think they'll still take it.
I love Houston's Houston's is still on business by the way we don't want to do the Houston's what you did to the school.
Don't say me.
Well that seafood place don't say me.
Well see if people would keep us informed what's going on I'm not blaming you I'm blaming Adam.
Okay okay let's play mad.
He's usually too nice to emphasize.
I'm already this morning somebody said it to me.
Yeah well he if he would let us know what else going on with these things but of course nobody communicates with us anything.
Everybody hears of the goddamn vacuum in my right.
I'm in a vacuum.
I think this place got struck by the worm.
Morrison's had 14 wags in dollhouse and shakies each had 13.
Hardies 12 and there are no more hardies in South Florida.
Okay.
Penrods 11 and of course that debate still goes on okay McGill run in here again.
He was foaming at the mouth about that.
Talk about a militant spick.
Oh there's still there to run South.
Or was he saying the opposite that the sign doesn't mention penrods?
Whatever you two guys were talking about this game baby sweet guys peaches had each had seven and handing ways last with six.
Now do you remember on the runoff ones?
I remember that one.
Anyway said lowly votes you were right.
Although maybe Hemingway's compared to these other ones but you're right.
How would they do that?
And Eric there's only one in Hemingway's I don't want to get picky with you.
There's only one in just to just to keep him on his toes okay.
And if you can keep Eric on your isto's that's quite a accomplishment.
Can't you seem like tiptoeing right across was computed now to straighten that out?
Well too late because we got a new poll up there which a lot of people the votes are pouring in.
Look at that 959 votes already on this thing.
This was like an afterthought.
But to me a lot more exciting than businesses that have been in business for like 500 years for us old parts.
And let me say it again who wants to hear a bunch of fat old guys on the radio sitting around talking about ball games that they can't play you know.
I much rather hear a bunch of svelth guys talking about ball games they can't play either.
Talking about the same nonsense the same craft ponderous over and over.
Oh gee you think Dave wants that's going to get a message from John Groot and hear that.
Yeah are we going to hear it I mean the next football game isn't until August boys and girls.
Am I right about that August Augusto this is still January.
Proble like I said the next football game that anybody cares about isn't until August.
959 votes on this second pool here's the pool for those who missed it that we may have like sneak this by it without you when you weren't looking.
Neils ratings are still number one in men damn it.
But are down along with QA him in the last year who's to blame this is the kind of pool this audience loves to sink their teeth into and bite as hard as they can.
Here are your choices well let's start from the bottom we got 959 votes who's to blame for the precipitous decline in the numbers on his station last year.
Carlos too ugly to help 17.
If he was better looking he might have helped us out a little bit maybe some people would have turned into looking him on the radio.
Right if we're going to talk about some of you and study you call him ugly chuck all the time so that also kind of like adds to your vote.
That's my fault because you're the one who invented that in fact you're also the one I talked about Mo being a silly old funny dirty with bad varicose veins and bad waves and plant pants.
Lime green lime green pants I'm sorry doesn't he have canary yellow.
Lime green and out with white bucks okay canary yellow is the mode do juror at cemetery abilities days especially in Bokeh Mo I get with it Mo Carlos too ugly to help 17.
The party's over a QAM 58 people said that I'm sure that most of the more can keep channel and the rest of more here and they're on to it.
Everything's just fine 85.
Oh we're fine 85 people said that.
Neil for seven months of boring bedtime stories 133 I would have thought it would have been more than that because I take full responsibility for that.
Now there was a reason I started doing that which we don't want to dwell on it again it had something to do with this nine to ten hour thing.
A lot to do with that but nevertheless I take full responsibility I'm not one of those people it says oh no I want to point fingers at sack or it was like Robert greeper or it was me this once fall you know I'm not one of those people it does that.
Mo I take full responsibility for a bad mistake an error in judgment that's one of the reasons that the graphics are so much older because nobody of the hundreds of a bunch of boring bedtime stories and find out that the world is on the verge of blown up they don't care about that they want to hear about the super bowl about those nifty commercials including the aziahs born one nobody talked about that did you see that one I love that the Pepsi spot they can talk about these other ones I mean the the yow yo that was cute with the old key that was cute but not even the same category with the aziahs born one the Pepsi spot.
Where he thinks that he's got his kids and all of a sudden they come out of the fake uniforms and they're it's like Donnie and Maria's men instead of the aziahs born.
And they're like doing their thing I'm a little bit country and then all of a sudden he wakes up at a cool sweat and he realizes it was a bad nightmare and he turns over to tell his wife that he had him and his wife pulls off the ice he's gonna fake out for two and really inside its Florence Henderson.
It's a great spot and nobody talked about that one.
Well what can I tell you anyway where did I leave off everything's just fine 86 Neil for the better 133 13.6% blame me and you're right and I stand up and take responsibility you can give me 85 lashes if you want it I'll take them like a real man even though I'm not.
Huh? No it was not and you guys see this is another problem in this place because everybody so goddamn scared of me because there are a bunch of pussy's instead of coming to me and saying you know I don't think this is really cut.
This is bad it's bad for your show it's bad for the ratings the younger people are pissed off and fired up they want to hear you do your usual thing be an asshole on the ear and hang up on people which we can't hang up at anyway now because nobody's calling but that's beside the point what?
Yeah that would help.
Well yeah we can't hang up if they don't call well they're waiting to find out what's going on here now it's a Monday don't you understand you should know by now oh god.
Anyway so I get 133 votes as being the one to blame but you it was fairly it was fairly close to us for a while but you pulled away George killed things in the summer 166 166 beat me by 33 votes.
And I will say this spring book excellent winner book before that excellent summer book came along Georgia's on oh not too good and then we we haven't come back yet I mean we did okay in a fall we're still number one and men but not what we would be hoping to be you know just because we're following dead air for three hours that's another story.
So George gets 166 killed during that summer book guys going George he may not be good but least he's consistent in fact we're going to be discussing the day why you dislike George so much.
Second Greg Reed who was leading for quite a while there but he can't compete with you know who Greg Reed screwed up a winning lineup 237 and we know he did that ice gone Greg keep scratching and the winner hands down your pants.
Oh it just seems that nobody can compete with him no matter no matter which one of these balls we take nobody can compete with our close personal friend down the hall.
He's stupid Mo the worst lead in ever 281 that's what it says their Moe worst lead in ever 281 beating Greg by quite a Andy margin 288.
So that's why I came out with almost a thousand votes on a secondary kind of after thought poll and they liked it they responded to it heavy duty because that's the kind of stuff they like they want a bash they want a rip they want to tear rip me an ass okay old fat funny dirty.
Living in the past resting on his laurels see now if you talk about sports more than there could be some country we already got enough fat old Jews talking sports.
Nobody wants to hear a bunch of fat old guys sitting around talking about ball games in fact nobody wants to hear any guys sitting around talking about see that's what it really boils down to they don't want to say that it will run fox because that would be bad for their image.
Nobody wants to hear a bunch of pompous self aggrandizing giggling assholes like a bunch of sophomore college kids talking about ball games and should he had done this and should he had done it and try to be funny and ho hoeing it up like Tony Bruno.
Thought I'm saying like a laughing hyena but it's a fraternity so we better not pick on those guys it's like a fraternity 27 after 9 at 5 6 the air topic today is why you hate George so much.
Oh here's a fact before we get to our spot.
Neil I'm with you as soon as the temperature drops to a comfortable level in soft floor duh the specified age during the heat up at work or home to ridiculous temperatures so you sweat and to top it off they were sweaters caps gloves parkers etc inside with the heat on I can't stand it I'm at work and it's effing hot love Arnold PS Georgia still an asshole.
How do you like that Arnold loves you.
Like I said Joe Arnold he may not be great but at least he's consistent.
You need car insurance if you got tickets in the past or maybe had an accident you have bad credit if you answered yes to any of these things here's the number you ought to be calling 1-888-506-7283 that's the number 4 Florida first insurance.
They have the current insurance policy plan for everyone regardless of your past record they've got a low down payments even can get you the current insurance you need for as little as 35 bucks a month.
Column now tool free at 1-888-506-7283 Florida first insurance offers free quotes their family owned and operated with years and years of experience.
Don't forget you deserve the current insurance you need so column right now tell me that old Neil old fat Neil toward you to call 1-888-506-7283.
If you need home life health or commercial insurance Florida first insurance will get you covered and right now is a special promotion stop by any Florida first insurance location get you a quote and you'll get 2 free casino cruise passes compliments Las Vegas down marketing of $60 value absolutely free.
Call 1-888-506-7283 get a current insurance quote from Florida first insurance and get 2 free casino cruise passes no matter what your car history record is call these folks and they'll get you hooked up that's Florida first insurance for all your car insurance needs 1-888-506-7283.
My life and local this is for 205 city.
Way to way yeah.
Yeah.
In the morning DIY as you see KS.
This weekend don't worry about it.
Let me see.
The weather's a massive Russian world.
Oh, come into the much of my the policy.
I'm only the stronger bar.
Saturday TV radio.
And I say I'm the undertaker and I like the actors of evil in a steel cage dead lumberjack match.
Also skaters who appear color up open mouth and stone dead Steve Austin on wish the power.
Can you smell what Steve's sereness cooking?
Sunday Sunday the crowd will shape the world will quick with the atomic hunger of any anthrax big Alcatamine Mr. Mustard and Goldberg in the world heavyweight title match.
Feel the sting of a sore loser in the smallpox battle royale.
There is no vaccine when you catch the believer of contagious hand to hand mortal combat.
So weapons of mass destruction world tour.
This weekend.
And the bunch of latest kerosium.
I'm 32 at 560 WQ.
I'm going to have all those people out there that were waiting to speak to us George both of them.
Huh? I must hung up on them.
Well shame on you 560.
560.
Here's our poll for today.
What did you enjoy most about the Super Bowl?
And I'll see that.
There's a suggestion there.
It's something positive. So I'm not going to jug in a response.
Didn't watch the game itself the score I cashed a bet the commercials the entertainment like half time in that crap the end on bird out on football or what's the Super Bowl?
Those are the choices.
Oh, there's Holy I'll be sure and tell them I told you very important stuff.
What did you enjoy most about the Super Bowl?
Didn't watch the game itself the score I cashed a bet.
All right.
The commercials the entertainment the end on football or what's the Super Bowl?
We're discussing today the reasons that the audience despises George like poison and why he side-tracked us during the summertime.
In fact, muff was just in here saying what do you think about next summer?
And I said it can't come soon enough.
Here's sunrise. Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Our first call of the new week. Yes, sir.
Listen, I was listening when you first started reading the bedtime stories.
Yeah.
And I was saying, okay, this is some kind of joke. He's going to call.
Well, why didn't you tell me then?
I thought, you know, I called up and I said, this is crazy. I mean, who are you Paul Harvey?
And then and then and then and he had people call up kissing your ass, Neil.
I love what you do the bedtime story.
Yeah, like George and man Carlos and everybody out here because they're afraid to say to me, boy, this really sucks.
And he'll go back to the old Neil that we everybody listens for.
Oh, and then when George would be the host of the show, he'd be like, you don't know how much time he takes and preparing the show.
And I absolutely love it. It's great.
He's just sucking his.
He's driving the show into the ground.
I mean, it was so cool.
Now, wait a minute. Was I driving or do you mean George was driving the ground? Both of us.
Oh, both of you.
Okay. Anytime George has control, he drives the ride into the ground anyway.
At least he's consistent.
Yeah. I'm glad you're back.
Well, let me ask you. Did you go away for a while?
Yes, I did.
Uh-huh.
I listened periodically and I said, oh, here goes another story about a priest.
Here you go.
I read two papers a day.
So the last thing I needed was for you to do my reading for.
Right. And not only that, but for me to keep reminding and ramming down your throat, all these depressing things are going on in the world.
So if people want to see that, they can go on our great website on your Rogers.com.
We got all the importance there is, including a lot that you won't find in your everyday newspaper.
And people don't want to dwell on the negative and get all depressed and then informed.
They can go right there.
But the radio shows for entertainment.
That's exactly it.
I glaze over a lot of the garbage in these newspapers, the murders that this, the assaults, that.
Exactly. You know, so when I was hearing them, I'm like, oh, where's Neil?
Where's he? Yeah, I need him to call somebody an asshole and hang up on somebody.
Okay.
Well, how's that?
Well, he's not going to be upset because he, you know, he wanted me to hang up on something.
I'm not going to call him an asshole. Well, I'll tell you what.
He's an asshole just because that's what he wanted.
He was a good guy.
He was a good caller and he, I congratulate him for having a balls to call.
He didn't pull any punches.
He said the bedtime stories sucked and he tuned out and now welcome back.
See, welcome back to everybody who was not listening during those seven months because they screwed around with the time of the show.
And that's not a cop out. That's the freaking truth.
If they would just not have messed, see the real answer, it wasn't even Mo.
And I've categorized the real answer and they had it right for a while until they got carried away with the anti-mo business.
Greg screwed up the whole lineup.
We had a winning formula going here. Everybody was doing just fine.
We had gigantic numbers. Things were smoking.
And I don't give a crap what anybody says, whether I'm doing a show in Timbuk 2 or Toronto or Okamus or whatever the hell it is,
is there a making difference? That's not what the issue is.
The issue is what's it all about? That's the issue.
And what's it about a bunch of goddamn bedtime stories and some fat old man reading stuff on the air for four hours every day?
That's a bunch of crap. And if George and Carlos both would have had the balls to say,
hey, Mr. This sucks, people are getting pissed off about this and the audience is evaporating.
Evaporating like goddamn condensed milk, whatever that means.
I liked it.
Condensed milk?
Oh no, the bedtime stories.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, great. How many diaries did you have?
A hundred?
Yeah, we wish. We wish.
I got diary on myself just from watching those fall members come up.
And by the way, Tom Jicke, welcome back to town. He was in Hollywood, Mr. Big Shot.
He's still writing about the network TV stories.
See, that's the excuse. He won't be writing about this book that just came up,
which is a big story for Power 96. And also for this midday show on a station
in the rest of the day had real problems. And because it's after the fact,
you know, it's old news now, that'll be the excuse.
Somebody please go out and do take a take up a donation.
Do a collection, so we can buy Tom Jicke radio.
Because I noticed in his name, he's got not one but two TV stories in the Sun,
certainly, and under the the bar line, Tom Jicke TV slash radio writer,
cross out the radio part, okay?
TV slash oldie, moldy, oldies, right? The only radio he writes about is the duof shop
that nobody listens to.
Remember that?
The last two stories, his story is he's read about radio, been about the duof shop.
And that's important.
Maybe we can put the sopranos on QA and we can just have the watch shop.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, the only AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lone.
Let's hear from people who went away and came back, which includes everybody under the age of 100.
Don't be a sucking around. Tell us honestly just how bad it was now you hated it like poison.
And how everybody in town, all your friends were saying,
what the hell happened to that fat old fag anyway? What's wrong with that show?
Huh? Where's the yucks?
Right?
He's a yuck.
Yeah, he looks like a yuck.
Here's four lotter, Dale. Hello.
Hey, how you doing, Dale?
Okay.
Hey, listen, I got a question for you.
I come in Josh when you know that he always talking about religion makes me sick.
Yeah, much ask him. He's sitting right in there.
How come you always talking about religion to make this guy sick?
Yeah.
The religion makes me sick.
Because religion makes him sick.
And you know what, sir? You make me sick.
So we're all sick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Let's get these people off their ass here again today, huh?
These are all people who are up till two in the morning either parting or like a threatening jump off the balcony because of a stupid football game last night.
I got to be honest with as much as I love Tampa Bay winning and I really relish the fact that they ran it up there at the end of 48-21.
It wasn't the telecast left a lot to be desired.
I like how Michael's a lot. I love John Madden, but John Madden, you know, John, there comes a time, you know?
Bye-bye, John.
When he started trying to defend that business about wanting the free kick there when there was like, they had no time out, so they couldn't stop the clocking in which Michael's pointed out to him.
And he still got, well, but if they throw an incomplete pass here, they couldn't...
I mean, that's got to be about the most ridiculous thing I ever heard in my life.
And he was trying, he made a lot of those mistakes. It was an awful telecast.
And let me ask you this, don't we all by no know what L. Michaels and John Madden look like?
Yes, I think we all know what they... Why do the networse all of them do that? Why do they insist on having to keep sure what's these old guys?
Because the last thing anybody wants is to see some fat old guy call him a football game, not you L.
But I don't think people are into fat old guys doing sports stuff, do you?
No, no way.
And George isn't into skinny old guys, young guys, medium fat in between.
He's sick of it, he's nauseated and he's celebrating right now, George is having a party.
Not a super bowl party, but a post super bowl party in this house, meaning it's all over now for another year.
No, it's insignificant, I don't notice it. It's like another world.
It's like what are the aliens?
You would have liked the nausea's bronze spot.
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T. In fact, let's run the audio from it right here on this show today.
I think that's a great idea. Oh, I better hold on a thing, let's see, what did I like the best?
I guess I like... I enjoyed the game, it was okay. The score I cashed a bet.
Not a big bet, only 20 bucks for the mad dog, it's the only bet I made.
Oh, come on Neal, you bet more than that, no.
Why is it going to be obligatory that everybody's got a bet?
And this is the hypocrisy that is America.
Prostitution is illegal, everybody's going out there looking to get laid.
Everybody's looking for a name hooker.
Weed is illegal, everybody's rolling a big fat one.
Everything's gambling, illegal, and we got 270 million people, I bet you even a little infants were betting on that game last night.
Don't you think?
Everybody, except George.
Because he's just a hard ass, that's all, he's a hard ass.
He's always talking about an ass, but the problem is you're a hard ass.
Why didn't you and Carlos have a gentleman's bet, like 50 cents?
Do you watch things you don't care about?
No.
Real.
You bet on the outcome of things you don't care about.
I do watch channel 4 news though.
I watch L. Sonscher, I don't give a flying crap about him, or you're betting if Angela Ray will fall back in her chair.
I hope she does.
I hope she falls right off my TV screen at Crazy's Cackling the Big.
Many day now.
19 to 10 to 560 WQM as we try to wake up South Florida, can we do it?
No.
No, but we're still trying.
After 27 years, we're still trying.
Winners here, you need all the energy you can to feel good in this quarter than usual, South Florida weather.
Oreo Mett is one product that will make you feel your best and keep you in good health.
Oreo Mett is a soft gel capsule that contains lots of good stuff, including pharmaceutical-grade olive oil,
combined with vitamins, minerals, and herbals to promote health for your prostate, for your heart, your blood pressure, and your cholesterol.
Oreo Mett also got supplements from bone health in your circulatory system, your digestive, your endocrine system, your skin, and your bones, even your mind.
All using the benefits of the best olive oil on the planet.
And Oreo Mett makes products for men and you ladies out there as well.
Pick them up today.
It's available all over town because more and more people are poppin' it in their puts.
Pick them up at publics, wall green's, records, and whole food markets.
Oreo Mett is a phenomenal new product that's helped thousands in South Florida stay healthy.
So if you don't see it on the shelf, ask the store manager where it is for Oreo Mett by name.
Call toll-free to get more information about their products at 1-866 Oreo Mett.
That's 1-866-53663, or you can order their products on the internet at OreoMettAmerica.com.
Get all the benefits of pharmaceutical-grade olive oil with Oreo Mett.
And you'll be healthy like those people in the Mediterranean.
And maybe even have that olive complexion too, or at least eat at the olivey garden.
Get some Oreo Mett today and start feeling great again.
5-660 Oreo Mett.
5-660 Oreo Mett.
2-866
So we suck.
Hello, I'm Ahang's Glics, Chief Weapons Inspector for the UN.
I would like to inform that me and my team of highly trained observers here in Iraq have found no trace of any weapons of mass destruction.
Look at my head. Take a bit. I mean the pencil I was coming through.
Furthermore, we see no evidence of a nuclear weapons program.
3-2-1-5
And we found no evidence that Saddam Hussein has a look that like a double look computers.
It's usually contrary he's been very helpful.
In fact he's talking to one of our inspectors now over there.
I'm having nothing to hide.
And over there.
In conclusion, I assure you that if there were any evidence of a weapons of a mass destruction over here,
our highly trained and sharp-eyed observers would have spotted it.
So we'll be reporting to our regular jobs as individuals.
And now back to you in the studio.
And thank you, Hans.
It's 14 to 10. What are we going to do about those Swedes?
14 to 10 today is the big day. By the way, the report's coming out today.
Everybody have passed some big time gas tomorrow.
And I've got the State of the Union address.
Which my feeling about that is just like yours about the Super Bowl.
I will not watch. I will not participate.
I don't like the pull we got up there today. I'll be honest with you.
It's boring.
Don't you think it's very boring? Pulls after the fact that Super Bowl is over with.
Okay, it's boring. It's boring.
Here's the results of the pull. I just fact there's a new one. You're like it a lot better.
Here was the one we were taking.
What did you enjoy most about the Super Bowl?
The game itself, 14, the end, burnt out on football, 9.
I didn't watch 8.
8 people we got didn't watch the Super Bowl out of 43.
What kind of audience do we got?
Out of 52 we got 8.
The game itself, 17, the end, burnt out on football, 11.
The commercials, 9.
I didn't watch 8.
The score, I cashed a bet for.
I cashed a bet.
What's the Super Bowl, too?
And the entertainment, like half time, it said, are 1.
They probably miss the Indian singing godless America.
They would like it a lot more.
Not.
And who gives a crap about whether Shania Twain was lip syncing or not?
Who cares? I heard Mo go on about that when I was monitoring him this morning.
Who cares? He's great.
Anybody start flacking Shania Twain.
And I'll tell you right now, he's an asshole.
When you agree, it's unanimous on this show we love Shania Twain.
Eight.
We love Shania.
Here's the new poll, George.
Why do you hate George so much?
And we've got seven choices.
See, he likes this.
His face just lit up like a Hanukkah bush.
Seven choices.
I don't.
I love George.
Too much religion talk.
Too much eating ass talk.
Too much mumbling.
He's an anti-Semite.
He's boring a Schmidt or he's an acetylil spick.
I think that what?
All of you.
No, he can't be all of you above because it's the first one I don't.
So don't think of me this all of you.
Don't be messing with my poll, okay?
First Greg Reed messes with my time slot and now you're trying to mess with my poll.
We should, and you know who I blame, Norma Kent.
That's why I blame.
I'm blaming him right now.
How could you possibly have allowed this creature, this man,
is cretin with that hole he keeps scratching his head, which is why his hair's all falling out,
among other reasons.
How could you have allowed him to diddle with success ten to two man?
It's like an American institution.
It's like the Liberty Bell and Philadelphia, okay?
So, it's a little crack problem.
It's an America.
It's like Niagara Falls on the American side.
An institution like Old Yellowstone.
Old Yellow stain.
All of these things.
And Greg Reed comes along mad, trying to siphon again.
You know, not satisfied with what we're doing in those four hours.
Let's make him part of Morning Drive.
Let's go set up a little bit.
Let's put him in the afternoon for a couple of hours.
And our program director after his unsuccessful debut of Penestalk last night.
He's talking, let's put the alarm from 6 in the morning till 7 at night.
That's his solution.
You could do it.
Yeah, once, one day.
One day.
So now let's get that new poll up there.
The other one, the other poll sucked.
How do I come up with some crap like that?
I'm embarrassed.
In fact, that's going to be tomorrow's poll, which is more embarrassing.
Neils first poll yesterday, or those bedtime stories.
I like that.
See, I have no problem with that.
I can handle it.
I still get paid the same either way.
And by the way, where's those bonus checks?
Aren't you getting yours today?
Clarets told me today was bonus check day.
You're not getting yours?
Not today.
How about the contract?
Not today.
Oh, man.
We're picking on poor George, who's already so put upon by this place,
when they treat him like garbage, like human excrement,
like animal excrement, like something that you'd sweep out of the zoo
in one of those cages that were at smell so bad, like at the swap shop.
Remember those remote?
Oh, yeah.
Fun.
With those Elephantes, man.
Oh, god.
I'm sitting up there where the mixture of the sawdust and the elephant crap,
and we're sitting up there and they got the flood lights turned on on purpose.
And they're sure of Nick and the Preston in his hand in the background,
cackling, like a couple of hands, because they thought that was a Gilbert cackling.
And also him, because they're enjoying our discomfort, especially mine.
That's what those appearances at the swap shop used to be all about.
But we sure love the merchandise, though.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and the crowd.
Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Croll Springs.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
A couple of years ago, you had like in December, I think it was you went to a deal.
You could only communicate with you by fax.
Yeah.
About four weeks and so, that was actually entertaining.
However, I did go away during the bedtime story.
Good for you for coming back.
Thank you so much.
I was never a fan of George's in the past.
I looked forward this past summer to listening to him.
Because he was going to be running for four hours right.
See, there's no need to look forward to you, George.
So, I mean, I just show as much better with the colors,
whether it was in a good or bad, that's all.
He was part of the entertainment that I enjoyed.
Exactly. Thank you so much, sir, and have a great life.
Okay, thank you.
Okay, see, there's a guy's honest.
We don't want no beating around the bush today.
We want honesty.
So, I screwed up bad.
Now, there were reasons behind it, but I'm going to even get to blame anybody else.
I take the four responsibility upon my sloped old aging shoulders, okay?
I'm not like one of these finger pointers that's always looking to blame somebody else.
Always got to finger up in here.
And which way can I point it?
Who can at whom can I point it?
Must be Zach this week.
Maybe it's Robert.
Maybe it's Carolyn.
Maybe it's the beast that fat little unprofessional piece of putt.
Who can we blame it on this week, right?
And George takes full responsibility for being a talking too much religion, too much eating ass, mumbling,
being a virulent anti-submitting, being boring, and being an ass-y little spick.
All of these things.
Most of them.
Oh, the new pole is up.
Let's see what kind of motor am I going to put on there?
You'll never know.
5667056560.
See, I'm not going to do that anymore.
I'm going to wait.
Here's Delray Beach. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
You know, you make some great points in that guy.
Yes, I do.
I agree with what you said about looking forward to George's last time because of the reading.
But at the same time, George's last time also had his nuts cut off by not having a contract.
And you could tell during the show that there was a lot of stuff that he wasn't talking about that the people loved to hear.
You know, the inside stuff that was going on.
And he was really worried about the motor business.
I think that's what you're talking about.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
Got him.
I'll try to get him canned.
And it went through that whole phase there where he was on the air, but he really couldn't really get into it.
Of course, I'm going to play the race card and try to get me canned.
Oh, sure.
And it was the whole day.
But all that was such great radio.
You know, but yet you could tell.
It was kind of like the episode would be so too.
How the radio station didn't take advantage of the fact that they could have put it back on the air.
You utilized the whole thing and it would have been great radio.
Even if people was talking from president would have been good.
Right.
You know, and they didn't take advantage of it.
Everybody shut up and they freaked out.
You know, and they didn't take advantage of what was there.
And as far as George and his personality, you know, I think he's just kind of bitter from doing the job for a long time.
You know, when he takes the call sometimes he's just like so sick of a clap.
You know, you got some more on the other end of the line and you're trying to get something going.
See, but if Pramo and George is though, he takes it personally.
I've been telling them that 100 million years.
Yeah.
He pretends that he doesn't, but he does.
And even if it's stuff off the air, he gets indignant.
I keep trying to tell him what differences to make.
You're going to have the same concept of our callers said earlier.
You can, I can't, you get it.
You can't be fired.
I can.
That's exactly right, Neil.
And I'll tell you what, that's a big point.
You can get on here and pretty much say whatever you want in George is never going to have that freedom.
And if he did have that freedom, I think he'd be a lot better.
So they need to sign a goddamn contract.
Right.
Get that thing in here now, Greg Goddannit.
Quit pervericating whatever that means.
And the other thing with the, when you were reading it, you know what would happen when you would read is, you know, I would go home after you would read.
Maybe I'd listen to Knit or somebody else or switch around.
By the time the day with it, I'd hear the same story three times.
I'd go to sit on the crap or read the paper.
I'd say, I already heard this four times.
I don't know what I'm going to do when I'm sitting on the crap.
But look how we saved your eyesight for it.
You have to read the clock.
Stay a little nervous.
But I mean, that's the bottom line.
Oh man, that's from a listener who's been listening for 20 years and sticks with you no matter what.
But, you know, and like I said, I like both sides of the story.
I want to hear the conservative side.
I want to hear the liberal side.
So at the end of the day, you know, I want to be informed.
But at the same time, you want the comedy.
You know, you don't need one call.
You only need one call to make your whole show.
One good call and you feed off of it and you can make the whole show.
The problem is you've got to go through 20, 30 people.
Right.
And try.
Even if it's a call or a piece of you off, it's a good call and you get your goal.
No, and that's the best call.
Absolutely.
Okay, listen, thanks for your persprication's observations.
Love you, Bob.
I'm out of right day.
See, there you go.
There's a guy that sticks with us to a thick and thin.
Although he did go away.
He admitted that.
We're going to those bedtime stories.
But we survived it somehow.
Let's play Gloria Gander and we will survive.
You want to play that?
We don't have it.
I bet you do have it.
It's in here somewhere in this room.
How is the George Pool coming?
Why do you hate George so much?
We know a lot of you out there who don't want to admit it, but you do.
Because if he didn't, you wouldn't go away in the summertime.
You go away in droves in the summertime.
Even after the bedtime stories for months, still it may more went away, you know?
Considering how much they were looking forward to you not reading.
And of course, he would have been reading.
Thank God he doesn't read well because he would have been reading.
Can you imagine the number you would have had if you would have been reading?
What number?
Oh my God.
I think it would have been a big...
Oh!
36 votes so far.
He's boring as Schmitt 16.
See, I voted.
He mumbles.
I don't.
I love George 13.
Too much religion talk too.
Too much mumbling too.
One of those is mine.
He's a national little spec too.
He's an anti-Semite one.
And too much eating ass talk none.
So...
So...
Why don't I love George?
Why not just...
I don't.
Why do they have to love me instead of hate me?
Why can't they just be ambivalent?
Do you think anybody is ambivalent about you?
Do you think anybody is ambivalent about me?
No.
No.
I don't think so.
We could also make you happy.
What's he falling on a floor by?
He got the joke.
What joke?
You said is anybody ambivalent about you?
See, that was ambivalent.
I wasn't paying any attention to anybody.
But how about another category?
I know we're like...
I mean, two polls in one day and we're interrupting his breakfast burrito feast.
But let's add on there, I don't he's okay.
Oh, there you go.
See, I'll take that.
Okay, that's what I work at around.
I promise that's it until the next one.
I don't, he's okay.
They don't necessarily have to love you.
That's a good point.
Maybe they think you're...
You know, from whatever I'm saying.
Men's a men's a...
He's no Neil, but I'll take it.
That's for God damn sure.
Okay.
Jesus.
Better than...
Some.
Yeah.
9.57.
9.57 at 5.60 WQM.
We're having some yucks here today because the way the world is going right now,
better I get them while you can.
And speaking of that with a new year and full swing guys,
now's the time to act on a new high-paying career.
Fast train is holding a free career seminar tomorrow evening.
And it's Kendall, Miami for Lauderdale and Pemberpine's locations.
This is a free seminar.
Call 1-866-Fastering to reserve your seat.
That's 1-866-Fastering.
Make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job.
If you're overworked underpaid or in a really suck-ass job, go in no place,
this could be the most important 15 minutes of your life.
Fast train can have you certified and ready for a dream job in just four short months.
Call Fast Train tool free at 1-866-Fastering.
They've got convenient day and evening weekend classes for you.
1-866-Fastering.
Call them not to reserve your seat for tomorrow night.
For directions to the Fast Train closest by you, just go to FastTrain.com
and you'll be on your way to a new high-paying computer career.
Fast Train sound floaters leader in computer training.
We're sports radio 560-UAM.
It's how it's f***ing great.
Toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
il toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil
toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil toil to
You know something that timing of this is perfect too because this is exactly what I was just talking about.
Oh gee how come you were taking those calls nearly did seven months of bedtime stories you screwed up the whole I can't imagine why.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
I got a whole bunch of bedtime stories here for today. I may have to resort to those you know what?
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
I may just have to resort.
No, we don't need to do that. All we need to do is just continue with businesses.
Just get, like I said, the yellow pages from each year in 1941, 1953.
Oh, look at this. These people aren't here anymore. Are they? Let's ask.
Waterhill. Hello.
Hello? Yes, sir.
How are you? Okay.
Hey, you follow this variable. The font thing very closely.
The what?
Very, very, very, very elephant.
Very elephant.
Yeah, you follow them very closely.
What do you mean very closely? Are we doing it?
Every time we turn around, it's a black thing and we're going to do this.
Right.
Or is it, how about being just incompetent?
That's right.
And she just can't do the job.
Like a deer in the head like every goddamn time you see her on the side.
Absolutely correct.
You know what?
It's like it's like it's like,
Broward County is being held hostage now because of the fact that she happens to be black,
which has nothing to do with their incompetence.
That's exactly correct.
I've just started listening to you here while back and I'm telling you I really enjoy this film a lot.
And come to find out by the way, it wasn't just a hundred votes they found in a file cabinet.
Now it's hundreds of votes and who knows how many more they'll find to hang it around somewhere.
They never got counted.
You know, if you'd reverse things and she was white and there was a couple of black people,
she had fired, but you know, like the two right guys she fired that were her assistants.
Maybe the election come on.
Right.
By the way, my wife worked on that thing.
What if she asked her that was?
And you know, then there'd be all kinds of help to pay, but you know, they want to be treated equally.
They want to be treated fairly, but they keep bringing up.
This is a blind thing.
This is targeted.
Now people are keeping the race card to turn my ass inside out.
Okay, have a great day.
So you're hanging in there.
You do me a bike.
Okay, life goes on.
One call left on the board.
It's from Hollywood as it's going to this catches me off guard.
It's got to be the Super Bowl, doesn't it?
Sure.
All the Super Bowl parties, they're all like hung over and they're all passed down
and I wonder how the hell are going to pay off all the bets they lost because they've been
on Oakland like a bunch of jerks.
I told you, I gave you a practical read the exact score at the game.
Well, listen to me.
Listen to all those fat old guys talking sports on this station.
Aren't you one?
Fat old guy who don't talk sports.
Here's Hollywood.
Hello.
Oh man, Neil, you guys cut me up.
Just, I wanted to make a comment back on you.
That's how I'm supposed to preserve the ball.
Yeah.
As much as, and I'll agree, a lot, I would say you need a 90% of your followers,
when they do call it, have absolutely nothing of any value of the stuff that's put in.
It's still a little bit for the most part more entertaining,
even in here's the those that live around here, make their comment.
And I love to hear both yourself and George comments about it.
So I just hope you guys continue to take the ball.
And we will.
We will.
You'll never hear no bedtime stories on issue again.
We're all done with that.
Oh, that was an experiment.
That was an experiment that was a nightmare.
Well, that's, that's, that's, that's pretty good.
That's very good.
And you probably came right to Neil.
So, uh, okay, I want my 10%.
Thank you.
There you go.
I want 10%.
See, that's why they won't want to call me because they all cashed based on what I gave
in the score 34-21, which it was with them in the half left.
I had that thing aim-wise perfect, even though I'm a fat old douchebag.
And they don't want to give me no credit because they're afraid I'll come knocking on
their door one of my 10%.
Just accepted as a gift on the day of George's crucifixion here on the show.
How many vote?
Look at that.
Look at the votes pouring in on it.
I told you that other polls sucked.
That was George's idea.
The other one.
No, it wasn't.
Why?
And we got the new one up on there too.
See, I told you that was a good idea.
Why do you hate George so much?
Now, what is that?
I don't.
Eric, can you get this poll right or not?
See, when that third stomach and the fourth chin get in a way, he can't read over to God
damn keyboard.
He doesn't have this right.
He's boring a Schmidt 53 out of 129.
I don't.
I love George 37.
I don't.
And it's supposed to say he's okay.
But it doesn't say he's okay.
10.
Too much mumbling eight.
He's a nasty little spick eight.
Too much religion talk.
Five.
Oi.
He's an anti-Semite for and he's a too much eating ass talk for.
And Dwight Lutterdale's not too happy about that.
Do you think after we outed him about that, do you think Dwight is still eating ass
the channel to-
I'm not.
He's a bad guy and low.
He's just about time we knew we'd like to do.
You're a bad guy.
You're a bad guy.
The bad date is quitsniff and glood.
15 horny guys left on the mat.
Correct.
Watching Tristor make each of them swim.
A bunch of goofy meads in their soccer suits.
One rodeo kid in cowboy boots.
When they saw her face.
They all got the wordies.
Then it's an all out race.
So much more.
It was so much more than I dreamed.
Just getting to know all those the 25 guys.
It was incredible.
They're all fantastic.
And they're all good.
They're all good.
They're all good.
You're making a new one.
I'm going to hold my spoon.
Come on.
10, 15 and all.
That was another one.
Just ends like fell off the edge of a cliff.
Clarence just came in with my bonus check.
How do you feel about yours George?
Oh, you don't have it yet.
And he also had a real good idea just to show you
what a wonderful American I am.
He says he asked me about the bet I made with Mad Dog.
I said just 20 bucks straight up.
He picked the raiders I picked the bucks.
He says, well, why don't you give it to Carlos?
He was only joking, but I will.
There you go.
20 bucks for just sitting there and looking ugly.
And doing a great job on our website.
What are you laughing about?
Makes more than that at the carnival sitting there looking ugly.
At the freak show?
He doesn't have to work to do that.
But anyway, 20 bucks says as soon as the mad dog comes in which I'm sure he will anytime.
Or not. Maybe he just maybe forgot about it.
Here's the fact that says I'd love to call in however since I'm working some higher ups listen to you.
I can't call in.
I mean, in fact the suction from this fact is so great.
I just want to tell you not to be sucking up.
I'd listen to you if you read newspapers.
If you just talked, if you read food labels.
Oh, read food labels.
There is an idea. I think we start that tomorrow.
Whatever you do, I would listen.
Most of the colors are worthless and have nothing to say.
Absolutely correct.
Go, George. Keep up the good work.
Neil says Laura. Thank you, Laura.
You're the kind of lady or the kind of person you're the kind of listener.
We wish we had 75 million of.
Don't we? Yes.
Because Laura's easy.
George. Really?
How many votes we got on there? Why do you hate George so much?
We're asking on neo-riders.com. Today we got 166 votes already.
This is our second poll.
We're going to get a big number, man.
On the poll anyway. He's boring and Schmidt 68.
I don't. I love George 43.
I don't. He's okay. 20.
See that kind of like who's jump again. Good, good thinking.
Any more you want to put up there to kind of like something to blow?
Yeah. I don't. He's a fair.
He's a fair. He's weak.
He's a nice little spick 11.
Too much mumbling 8.
Too much eating ass talk 6.
He's an anti-Semite 5.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Thank you much religion talk 5.
I don't understand that too much religion talk.
Of course I'm not here when you're on and I don't very seldom listen.
Even if I can like in Toronto, I don't turn it on.
So I don't know what you're talking about.
I don't listen when I'm on vacation either.
Well, why would anybody in the right mind be listening to the radio?
Just like people saying, well, you know, when you're in Vegas,
have you heard such and such and such and say,
no, I don't listen to the radio in Vegas.
I turn on music on the FM when I'm in the red car.
And I don't listen. I'm not going to listen to talk shows in Vegas.
In addition, you know what they got out there?
On the A and they got about 75 talk sports talk station.
Oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, at least out there, you can bet on anything that ever moved, you know.
But I mean, oh, man, that's because they're only like 75 different people listening.
So each day's got one listener.
Kind of like one of our shows.
5 6 7 0 5 60 Tarnished with the sewer of this place.
Tom 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
Port St. Lucy. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
The other day I'm floating through the channels on my television.
I come across the travel channel and I will fill off the couch.
It was a buffet plate eating contest live from Vegas.
Complete with commentary.
I saw that. I saw it.
Oh, my God. That was and the guys.
Oh, my God. Look at the way she attacks that plate.
The tax of a fee.
Oh, I don't believe what you were thinking about me.
I was thinking about you the entire time.
Okay, thanks.
I started this on my January 1st.
Yeah, not great, man.
Okay, keep that up. Say goodbye.
Bob Herbert, I'm not going to read it because that would be reading a bedtime story.
But you can read it on our website, NeilRodges.com.
If you click on the stories, maybe somebody can read it to you.
Falling into the gap in today's New York Times.
I just want to read a couple of paragraphs. Can I do that? Yes.
Oh, no.
Mine is the poorest big city in the United States. How do you like that?
Long me first, you know.
Poor the Newark, poor the Detroit, poor the any city with a population of 250,000 or more.
Most of the poor are working in many of more than one job.
But the economy is lousy and the city is teaming with immigrants willing to work for extremely low wages.
Even for paid below the minimum wage.
So jobs are hard to find and wages across the border.
Rock bottom, which I guess you guys don't need to hear that.
People are living on the edge paycheck to paycheck.
So you know, if God, no relation to who you're thinking about, not spelled the same way.
Directly the daily bread food bank.
She rattled off categories of people needing food assistance, poor families, elderly men, and women.
And women who's government checks are inadequate, mentally and physically handicapped.
People battered women. People struck me with HIV and AIDS, the homeless.
She said 43% of those help by the food bank are children.
The poverty in Miami exists in a startling juxtaposition to great wealth.
Just a few minutes drive from the panhandling, uh, Terva Bedalfo Jose's ratio,
which they talk about during the story.
Are the sparkling shores of Miami Beach in a gateway to the pristine environments of Fisher Island.
An exclusive enclave that according to the 2000 census is the wealthiest community in America.
Fisher Island.
How about that?
Fisher Island is off limits to everyone except residents, invited guests and whatever employees
are needed to keep them safe and comfortable.
It's accessible only by ferry.
In other words, I could take you there.
If Mr. Wiesio showed up, this is a guy that eats out of a dumpster's.
He's having a hard time. If he showed up on the dock and tried to board the ferry, he'd be angrily hustled away.
And it goes on about Miami sucks basically is what it says here.
A lot of shluckers and a lot of starving people out there and the people on Fisher Island are they help them out?
No, all they're doing is making damn sure they can't get on the island.
That's what they're doing.
In fact, right now we want to start a campaign on this show right here right now
since we're helping Carlos out with 20 bucks that Mad Dog's going to bring in his I want to add bet.
And we want the people on Fisher Island to take the example that I'm sitting here today and go out and feed some shluckers out there.
Come and get on your ferry.
Get on a helicopter.
Come over here with the real people with the shluckers with the starving desperate people
and start helping some people out there.
Even George just gave a dollar to Carlos.
Well, he's homeless.
That'll buy him another half of a tube of maybe one of those little economy size tubes of toothpaste.
Oh, it's a fiber.
Heavy duty.
Like I said, that'll buy it like two big tubes of pepsin.
We need one of those big tip clots.
And by the way, aquifers is a lot better in pepsin.
One, yeah, you're right.
Probably more expensive.
One of those big tip glosses like the piano lounge guys has a rick-knifter.
Let's have one of those sniffters, man.
I like that word.
He's snifter.
That's kind of like...
That's like Shannon Eyfalkner was the same thing.
Shannon Eyfsnifter.
Yeah.
Here's Oakland Park. Hello.
Neil?
Would have been kind of a waste not to with her down her hands and knees all the time. Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Yes.
I just wondered if anybody saw the news prior to the Super Bowl yesterday regarding a YouTube spy plane crashing out of North Korea.
Yeah.
Well, I was just wondering if that was in the news today because they just kind of dropped it.
Yeah.
Well, did you hear anything on that?
No.
You crashed outside a YouTube spy plane out of South Korea off the perimeter of the city.
Okay. Well, we'll check it out for you.
Here's the fact that says this is a great article about Miami, but I have to clarify something for the writer.
Miami is not a city.
A city going to West is a center of population commerce and culture, a town of significant size and importance.
Granted, the population and significant size are there, but there isn't much commerce.
There is zero culture and as far as importance goes, not out many outside they kind of read a notice of her cane destroyed the entire city.
How insensitive of you whoever sent this.
This is really a shame because Miami used to be one of the best cities in the world.
It's totally going to Schmidt.
Eight million open lines here today as we continue waiting for your amylization of this past year on a show and on this station and in this world.
And this guy is hacking me a china about a YouTube plane that legend.
Do you see that story? No.
Near tonight.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
And just like I said, every time you come in, I've got my one of my bet from a med dog.
It's very ecstatic about that game. I'm in a great mood.
I feel like life is almost worth living. And you come in here and you wonder about those bedtime stories.
You just have to plead and squeeze and beg and control.
What is with you people?
What are you doing now?
I want you to look right down now in your crotch.
What's there? Is there anything there? Nothing.
Seriously, what's going on in this town?
It makes me want to get on the goddamn plane to go to Toronto until I look on a weather channel.
I see it's minus 22 Celsius minus 30 windshield, which is like 17 below Fahrenheit.
And I'm thinking not yet.
No way.
What kind of crazy people?
I guess people that have to.
Other ones that go through. In fact, it's quite a commentary because many of those people are loaded with cash being in a money.
And they still endure that.
They still endure that rather than be here with our salty temperatures.
Our salty temperatures.
Here's a call from my spawn beach. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes sir. You had mentioned putting out a CD with some of your bets on it.
I was wondering if that was ever going to happen or not.
No.
No.
No.
Wonderful.
Okay. Thanks.
You're welcome. Sure.
5667.
0560.
And do you get the feeling?
I mean, you really wonder.
You wonder what it is that's going on out there.
I often wonder.
I wonder.
Well, what is it?
We've been doing that for how many years.
I'll never know.
I'll never know if I want to know.
I don't. I just don't get it.
I mean, you know, you know, that guy was obviously very serious.
Right?
Don't be scratching that eye, Carlos.
You have a, you'll have a shiner on the other side.
Just like to match the other one there.
Pink eye, he's got a mouse on his cheek.
That's a, is it?
No, it's a mouse.
He was sitting on Mo's head this morning in the cab oil.
Hopped out of his cheek.
Here's Bokeh. Hello.
Hi.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Why are you always talking crap about like sports and how it sucks and gambling or how it sucks.
But you're going to go ahead and make a side bet with Mad Dog.
20 bucks.
What do you mean gambling sucks?
When I ever say gambling sucks?
Well, you always talk about sports.
When did I ever say gambling sucks, sir?
Don't I go to Vegas all the time?
No, I go to Pompano Park and punch my guts out.
You're a jackass.
Okay, idiot.
You got a person out in like a dead man.
That's another one.
And this is a younger guy that's still walking around out here who died some time ago.
Nobody told him yet.
That's one of the very popular phenomena that happened here in South Florida.
A lot of people have already died, but nobody's given the information yet.
They haven't got the bulletin.
And why are you so anti-gambling, mister?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon.
I got no problem with sports.
I've worn a jock strap in my life once or twice.
I've snipped a couple.
But it's the obsession, the dissection, the rehashing, the stuff I heard this morning from these colors,
the same old lifeless 40 or 50 idiots, the same old one.
They want that you take a picture and you're on grudin' it, but he sucks.
You know, it's all over, baby.
Get out with something, fight a lot.
One of these people got nothing to talk about on this station.
I'm going to tell you right now the colors on this from day one since we came here.
The colors on this radio station are the worst colors in the history of mankind.
And don't tell me about the sports, or the OG.
They have no problem.
Because no, it's the same by its the same misfits day after day after day.
We got what's the guy's name?
We got Jamaica Paul.
We got the fish.
We got Squish.
We got Mishi Pish.
We got the same bunch over and over and over again.
Sayonara, in fact, the one guy this morning on there with the MoMister.
Oh, I called her Landlord yesterday and said,
and I just repeats the same guy, damn thing, you told him yesterday.
As if it was so important mankind is waiting to hear it again.
Where the hell did these come from?
You sneak these in here when I wasn't looking?
Thank God I might need these.
I have the new tabloid.
Don't read about love, though.
Why not?
Oh, I don't know.
Somebody might not like it.
Oh, I see what you're saying.
You don't want periodicals on them.
Well, these are not just your generic periodicals.
This is sleaze on audio.
They like sleaze on audio.
You're right.
In fact, they like sleaze anyway.
They can get it.
26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQM.
I started out here, man.
I felt like a brand new child.
You know what?
And now I'm beginning to see the same old pattern wearing us down.
And Greg Reed, you're the one.
Let's put the fingerwear belongs just like in that poll yesterday.
If you eliminate MoM, which don't really come because they just hate him on a visceral level.
Greg had a mess with success and we all got to pay a wicked nasty price for it.
And he's walking about, I don't get it.
I don't get it.
No, you don't get it.
You don't get it.
We're the ones that are getting it.
We're taking it up the old back home tail.
Powered any six is getting a ratings party.
Yeah, there are.
Powered 96 is getting a ratings party down there.
And I bet your kiss is getting it too, huh?
They're probably going to be kissing cousins over there.
We're not.
QM's not getting a ratings party.
We weren't number one.
We were.
I know.
So why can't we just have a Neil and Georgian Carlos party, which I won't attend,
but nevertheless, you can have my food.
Okay.
1027, a QM.
Hey, Delights West Book is your mega store for the Atkins diet.
Any low-carb sugar free diet.
If you're on one of these diets, here's a store that's for you.
That's the whole store is dedicated to you.
They got over 600 delicious low-carb food products.
So join the thousands who travel from all over the place to this one great store.
And this week, try their new enchantment of low-carb cookies and six delicious flavors
with only one to two carbs per cookie.
You'll be in snack heaven when you're trying when you pop them in your pus.
So whether it's carbolite ice cream, bread, chips, muffins, cheesecake,
pasta and sauces, Delights West Book is the place you're going to love shopping.
And anything in the store that you take a look at, they have never seen before,
you can try it before you buy it.
Their staff knows their stuff inside and out.
They know their PD Lenny too, by the way.
Open every day, seven days a week from 10 to 10.
They carry the most complete line of Atkins brand products that are always 25% off all day every day.
You know why we didn't see PD here today?
Why?
He's out selling Paul and Young Rancho.
So if you're on that, that can's bad or any other low-carb sugar free diet.
This is the store you're going to love shopping in Delights West Book.
They're on the northeast corner of Glades and a 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them toll free 1877 Low Carb or check them on the World Wide Wicked Web at lowcarb.com.
Slide in local time.
We're sports radio 560.
You ain't you a-am.
Chamberlain Rateme, from the makers of Joe Millionaire,
comes a new show about 20 women buying for the heart of one man.
This is like a fantasy country.
But are they really after his heart?
They said he's huge.
Like heart to sit down after a huge.
Yeah.
And he's got one huge secret.
Joe Mega Johnson.
Oh my god, where is it?
Tune in as King Dong becomes Tiny Tim.
I can't even stir my drink with that.
Joe Mega Johnson.
Seek PD, who's a knight.
1032 at 560 W. Come here's a fact from Nelson who says,
two questions.
Does the Internet Radio influence your numbers?
The answer to which is no.
And two, wait a minute, this one.
And didn't you support Bush Daddy senior before the 1991 Gulf War?
Yes, I did, like most everybody else after Sodom invaded Kuwait.
Because that was an invasionscy.
He invaded Kuwait, a sovereign country,
and was also under verge of invading Saudi Arabia.
And the whole rest of the Middle East, if we just would have walked away.
And yes, I did.
And so did most of the rest of the world.
Unlike now, which is a totally separate situation,
especially since during that war that you're talking about,
we decimated his military, and he basically has is impotent.
Right, they'll comparison.
Of course not.
But anyway, that's what you want to know.
Interesting letter that you brought me by the way,
we'll, we can talk about that as somebody would say.
Here's a call from Miami, hello.
Miami.
Going once.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's up, my friend?
How you doing?
Neil, and the funny part is about that story about the homeless guy
about Fisher Ireland.
Yeah.
The city maintains those streets.
So they're not, you know, supposedly they're not able,
it's public roads.
I mean, it's, it's just crazy.
But people with money can get away.
Well, when you got that kind of money, man, you pull all the right strings, you know.
You're telling me that you've got all those politicians in their pockets, like Don Corleone.
That's right.
That's, that's the funny part.
That those streets are public streets.
So they're not supposed to do anything about it.
Well, sorry, the streets in Palm Beach.
Have you ever been to Palm Beach?
Oh, they'll, they'll stop anybody in a heartbeat if you don't have a nice new kettle like that.
If you don't look like you're one of the Kennedys or at least know them personally on a very close level,
they're going to kick your ass right off of there.
Have you driven down, um, foul harbor?
Gone to the Sheraton down there?
Not anymore.
They won't let my kind in there.
I had a three-buick and they stopped me in every corner.
I'll be damned.
I got two beautiful Corvettes and they won't let me in there.
Oh, Lordy, Lordy.
What are with this world coming to me?
Exactly.
I love you.
I love everybody over there.
I'll see on Fisher Ireland, amigo.
Alright, back.
When is this?
Okay, look at this.
We got 600 open lines.
We got one call from Fort Myers.
What does that tell you about Dayton Broward?
What is going on in Dayton?
Broward!
Same old stuff.
I'm tired of it.
I'm going to go back to reading bedtime stories.
Oh, no, don't do that.
They can't, they can't even discuss that.
They can, there's nothing that they can discuss.
There's nothing that they have to balls to have to make.
We had like three or four people there who like, you know,
thought on saying, and the people fly.
The people who disagree with me on this, who did like it, they won't call,
because they don't have to get to disagree.
Because they're afraid that I'm going to hang up on them and call them an asshole,
which I probably will, but nevertheless, you're accusing everyone of sucking your ass then.
But if they call and agree with you now, they're sucking your ass now.
I don't feel it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 60 on the AT&T line.
This, this could be the worst response in the history of this show.
Don't you agree?
Sure.
I mean, today is like the 27th of January.
It's like not a holiday.
It's not like something special.
It's not like there's, you know what I mean?
Something that they're supposed to be passionate about.
This is the absolute worst response.
Now, if I was going to say, you know, we missed a lot of businesses that aren't in business anymore.
We'd have every line by the frustration of 27 years trying to do a talk show in this town.
Finally got to me and for seven months I sat there mumbling to myself like I was going to change the world.
Mumbling to myself.
In fact, I'm going to blame George for that because he wanted me to mumble as bad as he did.
You're right.
Because one thing I have when I start reading, I read too fast because I feel like, yeah, like I'm in a hurry.
And I start reading so fast and to the point where it's like incoherent nobody can understand a goddamn thing that I'm saying.
That's why you like those bedtime stories.
You didn't even know I was talking about.
Because you guys were sitting in here.
You weren't paying any attention to them.
What?
You're sitting in here looking at a goddamn dirty pictures all day.
I see what goes on here.
See, it's a damn good thing.
I do come back here from out of town once in a while.
So I can see what goes on.
And Miguel comes in here and he's looking at dirty pictures and Julio comes in and they're like holding up boobs and breasts and nipples and stuff.
Yeah, but that's in this room.
Yeah.
That's what I'm talking about.
So God only knows what's going to see.
And that's another reason it's better for me to be in Toronto because then you're in here and he's in there.
I'm the other side of the glass.
On the other side of that wall with his ass.
His ass is on the other side of the glass.
Right on.
And I'm sitting here watching, bap bap bap bap bap bap bap bap.
And I'm sitting here like, is anybody paying attention?
No.
No wonder they're not calling.
They're listening to George and Carlos and they're going, bap bap, like that.
In fact, that's probably what's on the air.
It wouldn't surprise me.
No one way these bastards operate.
I'm sitting here talking to myself and you guys out there listening, which is probably more entertaining.
I'll admit.
I got the taboids here, though, so we could be dangerous.
Look out.
We're just talking about the Super Bowl.
Here's Fort Myers.
Hello.
Fort Myers.
Hello.
Bad one.
Hey guys.
They were dead.
Who's the pan?
Okay, call me back when you get a phone.
Because here, like every third word, when you get like 50% would be good.
Every other word would be okay.
Anyway, speaking of the Panthers, the rumors have it that my entire idea of the day worked really like crazy.
They brought the ice expert down here from up north from Toronto away and they worked on the ice.
They had in fact, somebody told me it was like 45 below zero in the Macarena.
The other night, which they beat Carolina, created two and over time.
Nice going, boys.
And they're finally working to get that ice straight.
No, I'm, I'm telling you.
I don't see these things to try to be negative.
I just seem to try to help them out because it's not an enjoyable experience to watch guys trying to play hockey where they need to be on roller skates.
Especially with the all-star game coming up here in a few days.
Oh, man, you think the superstars are going to want to skate on ice like we had here before?
Then they got ruts in there as big as somebody's fat boys ass.
I don't think so.
So I'm just trying to give you some information.
I mean, the franchise has been here 10 years.
You think by now they'd have some concept of how it is until I put on a hockey game.
They're working on it.
They're a little slow.
Speaking of slow, here's Halondale.
Hello.
Yes, you understand?
It's Sunny Rosenberg.
He's still on a coma.
Sunny's still on a coma.
Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Sounds just like Neil.
Yes, it does.
Uh-huh.
You see, Neil, I have a suggestion for your show.
I like George and Carlos, but then that second banana is the third banana.
Yeah.
I'm sure you.
I'm a second banana.
I see.
I understand you, Dish.
I mean, when you said that, uh, when, uh, when Dale Evan said, if you looked in the inside
Lapidia, you find a picture with Roy Rogers, uh, two from this in a guy.
I would laugh.
Yeah.
Other people would have called it.
That goes right over George's head because George is basically a reticent, anti-Semitic.
No, he's not reticent.
Yes, he is.
He should learn how to say words like um, troller is cool.
Okay, then I'll be sure to pass it along my, uh, pedantic friend.
Come, troller.
You better learn your come.
Now, what is this?
Is there something going on?
I should know about it.
Is like the building burning down.
What are you going back to Toronto?
Who wants to know?
Duff.
So, uh, well, why, let me ask you, why can't he come in?
I mean, I don't want to start picking on him off because he's okay some days, but he must
add a very traumatic, uh, debut on a show, penis talk last night up against the Super Bowl.
Think I'm having a tough time getting calls.
But we got a break about here momentarily.
Couldn't he come in here like during the break and discuss that for 20 or 30 seconds?
Until I kicked him out.
I'd be glad to discuss that.
I don't know.
And would he like me to go back to Toronto?
What time is it now?
When will the temperature get even close to freezing?
Would be a nice idea.
I'm not going back there now.
I'll tell you that.
Minus 22 and a minus 30 windshield.
I don't think so.
Boys and girls.
I mean, what's the sense of going someplace when you're all you're going to do is like stay
inside and turn the heat up as far as it'll go and look out the window and say, gee, what days are going to get
like to 25 would be good.
Oh, here's the facts about Andy Roddick.
We'll have to get that momentarily.
Good night, Skull and Andy.
We love you.
Oh!
Take off your clothes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What was that last guy talking about?
About the comtroller.
See, one thing George does do wrong and that is put crusty old farts like you from the beach
on, but he has a good point that you make good fodder.
Okay?
George said, here's a good call for your fodder, for your fodder.
That's what he said.
And I think he had a good point.
Grist for the mill, old crusty farts, and you can hear the pull of it sizzling in the
back.
Hey, snow and Miami talking about coal while Tom Lehman said, and Joe Prieto both say that
they're buried, not in snow necessarily, but in vehicles.
The fact we have sent hell at so many cars, there's no place to park them.
Even Tom Lehman had to park cars in his driveway, so they need to place one in yours.
Hellen is blowing out all the new vehicles regardless of profit including the Pontiac vibes
starting at only $13,998 and up to $5,000 off on every GMC Envoy in stock.
Plus gets you 0% financing or your choice up to a $3,000 rebate right now.
And as always you'll find a dependable selection of a gigantic lot full of pre-owned cars, trucks,
SUVs to pick from.
And if everybody other dealer retouts says your credit isn't good enough for them, guess
what the good news is.
It's always good enough for hell no matter how bad it is, even if used to be in radio.
It's a wonderful lizard emergency clearance sale going on right now at hell at Pontiac GMC,
$134.01, South Dixie highway that you will S1 across from the falls open every day,
seven days a week.
As all, you hear that?
Oh no.
Mmm.
Oh, a big beautiful purple one.
As always, say even more when you mention the O'Rodgers tour to the call.
Check it all out on the Near Rogers Neal Deal Hotline toll free at $1,888, $534.40211.
That's $1,888, $534.40211 for a Haled Potty Act GMC who continued to announce
proudly to the free world and everybody else too.
We are professional grade.
My life and love.
This is 420560.
You way, you way.
It's 30.
Hello.
Yo, this is the place that smokes meat.
Yeah, we use smoke, yes.
What kind of stuff do you guys smoke there?
We smoke the balloons.
By the way, what do you have?
You guys smoke, Po?
No, we don't do it for the games, no.
No, I'm saying you smoke my Po.
No, we don't do that.
Why not?
The only reason we smoke it ourself.
I know, I want you to smoke my Po by yourself.
We don't do it that, no.
We don't take it from outside, no.
Have one of your lady friends there with them.
What?
What about your lady?
Could she smoke my Po?
Good.
Keep it for you.
No, I'm saying you smoke my Po.
No, I don't smoke your Po.
Your heart is dirty.
1045 at 560 WQM, happy Monday to it.
So Moff comes in here and went,
the movement like that.
Just relax, Moff, okay, getting a little bit too hyper
from Agot Nerva.
Look at that, there he is again in the doorway.
What I tell you, he must be on those doggy uppers this morning.
I hear some facts from our chronic WLN Del Rey, who says,
after while I did not like the bedtime stories,
as much as Neil's used to the story for commentaries,
jokes, and choosing bits to play,
I was glad when it calls return Fox News
Heather being the best at recent memory, that bitch.
Jerome McGinnler got the big paycheck,
two in his numbers also dropped.
What the hell does that mean?
If WQM changes the schedule again,
won't Mad Dog end up getting blinds at again,
like he did in my CUMR,
placed his infer with Howard David.
The Mad Dog ain't going anywhere,
he's got strong numbers in there,
we love the Mad Dog.
We ain't going nowhere.
In fact, you know something, nobody's going anywhere.
How do you like that?
We may shuffle the deck a little bit,
we may move them around here and there.
In fact, you remember the old days,
what station was that, where they used to do that?
You gave it.
When's the day?
Yeah, people, you're right.
That's right.
When they were trying to like to do to,
and you know something else?
I want to go nuts about this right now
for like the next four or five, six hours.
Do you realize,
Chief Chan, not only are they the bunch of bastions
that we know they are, but I'm in the car,
go into the track Saturday, okay?
And this stuff with the worm is going on, the worm.
The net is down, my computer's down,
all afternoon Saturday.
I wonder what the hell is going on here?
Is this some kind of a terrorist thing that's gone?
Nobody knows.
So I get in the car now,
where am I going to get news about that?
Good question.
Yeah, where?
We used to have, W-I-N-Z used to be all news,
then once upon a time, it became all talk.
And then when the clear channel bought it,
they made I-N-Z like a make-believe news talk station,
and W-I-D became all news.
Supposedly alleged, was it ever all news?
Did they have any news beside it in the morning at all?
I mean, maybe if you're lucky enough,
you might catch a newscast,
and on the weekend pretty much forget about it.
So what they've done is they've taken it
which is supposed to be the 11th largest market in the country,
and there's no all news channel anymore.
Thanks to Chief Channel.
And what they've done is they've taken I-N-Z
and made into a minor league sports star,
which is the last thing we needed with another sports station.
You would have thought they learned that,
but they don't care because it's Fox anyway,
and they just opened up the pot and that's it.
See what I'm saying?
Cross them, Gorn on it.
Nothing.
You just again?
And on I-O-D, what do they got?
They got a local news in the morning, that's it.
That's it.
And the rest of the day they opened up a pot,
there's Dr. Laura, there is the big fat limbaugh,
there's the Schmidtmeister from FLA,
there's Phyllis, all of these people coming through a pot.
Are you sure?
Positive.
And that's what they give you.
So if you want to find out what's going to,
and are they going to find any news on this station,
we wouldn't know if the Goddamn World was coming in,
other than we got a TV set up here that Jeff Cohen gave us.
We're so far out of touch that if we had a Goddamn my extension
for our arm, we couldn't touch it.
That's how to touch we are.
Anyway, W.L. goes on, Georgia was fine, he says.
I still think that critics overwrite any move
with John Q. Sack, that Cohen brothers are quentin Tarantino.
What is that all about?
I read that Andy Roddick now dates Mandy Moore, he says.
You care about that?
No.
I care about Andy Roddick.
What's that got to do with the Super Bowl?
Let's see, here's when it says Latin Grammys
can reconsider Miami.
Well, that's great.
Latin Grammys do want to talk about that?
No, we sure don't.
Good God.
There's whom we didn't look at?
Yeah, enough already with that crack.
See, what I've always said about this place
in the Roddick Repetition, the same stuff over and over
and over again, keep trying to beat a dead horse.
Here's a call from Sunrise, hello.
Yes, Neil, how you doing today?
Pretty good.
All right, I don't know if you discussed this
or it's on your website because I haven't checked it out.
But the O'Reilly column from the other day
about George Clooney.
I saw the headline in that, but I didn't see what the only
was writing about because I'm not paying attention to O'Reilly.
What he was talking about was the fact that George Clooney
said something about Charlton Heston.
And that was hard.
Good for George Clooney, good for him.
And they're saying how people in this country
could disagree without getting venomous,
without getting mean, spirited, without getting down,
deep and dirty.
You know, we do the right thing, but these people don't.
Right.
And nobody remembers Dan Burton
saying up and calling Clinton to scumbag.
Well, listen, for anybody from the right wing in this country
to be talking about venomous and all this other,
all you have to do is look at Ken Star, for example.
You're right.
And it's just ridiculous that all you get is like you
and whatever few people there are around the country
that actually can speak to you.
No, no, no, wait, sir, we can't speak to truth
because they've been working fibrously
to try to get my ass off here.
So the fact that the matter is anybody to the left of a till
or the hunt under this new fascist administration
we've got, anybody to the left of Hitler,
they're trying to get off there.
They want to silence us because they can't handle it.
Well, they can't handle the truth.
And I'm just wondering what's going to happen,
you know, down the road when there is nobody like you guys
left and literally will be 1984.
I'll see you at the Canadian border.
Bye.
Good luck, yes, sir.
See you around, eh?
You're going to be the border patrol?
Yes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T
and Verizon Wireless Lines.
Let's play the race car.
Let's play any car we can't.
Let's pull one out of the deck and see if we can't get
that prick off the air.
What do you say?
It's going to work?
No.
No, we're not going anywhere.
284 votes for on the George poll today.
Why do you hate George so much?
He's boring.
He's Schmidt 106.
How do you like that?
Well, I mean, that doesn't make you a bad guy.
There are a lot of nice people who are boring,
which is also making a nice guy.
But I'm just saying you could be any of you both.
Oh, I'll try to live in it up, more.
Well, see right there.
You see how boring that was, Carlos?
Yeah.
I'll drive 11 and another.
There you go.
Get it up a couple of octaves like Geldy.
Look how well he's doing.
Maybe someday you could have a number like his or something
like his.
That'll never happen.
I'm sure.
Neither of those don't work.
Not.
Let's see.
He's boring.
Schmidt 110.
I don't hate George.
He's OK.
67.
Oh, it's a good thing we put that one in.
Yeah, that's better.
I don't.
I love George.
55.
See, it's becoming a little more lukewarm.
Unless you keep putting the hot water back in the tub.
It starts cooling off.
He's a nasty little spec 26.
Too much eating ash talk 10.
And Maddie Bell is still pissed off about it.
Too much mumbling 9.
Too much religion talk 8.
And he's an anti-Semite 7.
That's from the 7 Jews we got listening.
That are still left.
5670560, pound 560 on a 8.
Hey, we're having a good time here.
Whether you people want to or not, how do you like that?
That's it.
We're having a good time in spite of this town.
And we'll continue doing so, especially
that I got that bonus check in my pocket.
And Carlos got that 20 bucks coming from the mad dog
as soon as he comes into building.
And the five that I kicked in.
And the five that you 25 bucks, how do you like that?
Longly 50 dollars.
You're halfway there already.
25 big ones for Carlos.
And it's only early on Monday yet.
So forget about what Eric said about you.
Here's Weston.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Now I don't mind your show.
It's just that you cars quite a bit.
Yeah.
Is that a toilet flushing in the back?
Yeah.
Yeah.
I just got a break.
You just had a break?
Yeah.
Well, we don't want to hear the sound of your toilet flush.
You're talking about me being a part of it.
You're talking about me being a potty mouth
and you're flushing the potty in the background.
Well, you kind of caught me with my pants down.
Yeah.
Well, I thought that'd make it happy.
No, it would not.
Not in your case.
No, no.
You're about 80 years old for me, man.
No, you're not.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah.
OK, there he is, Desped Old fart.
Fishing around in the wrong place, pal.
I'll tell you that.
560-10560.
560 on the AT&T and Verizon.
I know who that was.
That was Mickey McNichol doing a voice.
In fact, for those of you at Poppano Park,
bet your money on Mickey and watch it go down the drain.
Here's Bokeh.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hi.
How are you?
OK.
Not your fault or George's fault.
Hey, it's not.
Don't start off by saying that.
It could be our fault.
Oh, maybe.
Don't know the stuff.
It looks so easy.
That is true.
That this town, or I should say South Florida,
is a brain dead and constipated, or both.
Right.
And you guys both do a great job.
People don't realize how difficult it is
to put up with the crap that you put up with all every day
and try to keep it entertaining.
What I'd like to do is just talk about something
that's dear to your heart, because I
haven't found out much about the new Corvette coming out
for the 50th anniversary.
Yeah, I wish I could tell you I haven't heard a thing about it.
I know it's coming out.
Oh, wait.
No, wait a minute.
The anniversary one was just last fall.
Well, I thought it was a venture.
I just read something that the 50th anniversary
is this year for the vet.
I don't think so.
No, I'm wrong.
I could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure
that's the one that came out in the fall.
And the new one that's coming out is the new model.
Now, it could be wrong, but I think they've made some changes.
You know anything about it?
No.
Nothing.
OK.
And the reason I don't know anything about it,
or nearly I'd be more interested,
but I've already got two 2000 and two,
or whatever the hell they are.
Right.
And I'm really not in the market for a new one,
because they're both, because I'm almost never here.
So they have so few miles on them.
And it's kind of stupid for me to worry about.
I understand.
But somebody will call.
I'm sure.
Thanks.
Yale hang in there.
You too.
We're hanging, baby.
Let's get some new Corvettes.
Come on, but all that money I'm going to make from that man
is spent instead of giving it over to Carlos.
I go down by a couple of new Corvettes
from my good friend, Greg Nelson.
Had a little back road chivalry up there by Pompa Nupar.
But because I'm such a nice guy,
I'm going to turn that 20.
That, of course, is assuming that man is coughs it up.
Now, I'm sure he's a man of his word,
even though he went to Meesigan.
And he was a real hard, all of a sudden,
I noticed he's a big Tom Brady fan,
which I got news for.
Tom Brady would have played a lot better
yesterday than Rich Ganon did.
I told you that.
Oh, he's the most valuable player.
Neil, you know what I think?
He is overrated, okay?
He crumbled onto the pressure
or he against that defense.
He says, he's a mobile as a statue.
Kind of like somebody else,
where you know who used to play here.
But at least they got to play it here.
It was pretty good at a good arm.
Rich Ganon, not for me,
wouldn't pick him on my team.
And what were you gonna say?
Five, six, seven, oh five.
Well, I don't want to get back
onto this super bowl stuff again.
It's over, it's history.
This station is drowning in a sea of sports minutia.
Nobody wants to hear minutia except people with no life.
Geez, just re-examining and going,
oh, in fact, you know, I got to be honest with you.
The guys don't do sports on this station, except for one.
But the rest of them, I tip my hand to them
because how do they tolerate it?
How can they handle it?
The same lifeless sport holes
calling with the same idiotic,
and I wouldn't say observations, but they're not even that.
Can you imagine any other subject
you could even attempt to do that?
Second, okay.
Yeah, all right.
Now we're talking.
There's one.
Sure, I can understand that.
I can understand that for like ever and ever.
Food, all right.
Yeah, things that,
things that everybody universal.
We want great sex, we want great food.
We'll even take mediocre sex and mediocre food.
How about sex food?
Cardinals will pick any food you got.
He's already forgotten about the sex.
Sex that involves food.
Well, there you go.
Marshmallows, whipped cream, chocolate, cherries,
raspberries, papaya, watermelon, cucumbers,
weenies, papaya.
Oh yeah, you guava in the spec.
That's a mango, much in hulio to you.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
You got to admit, things weren't quite as entertaining
before he came in.
Oh, there's no question.
10.56, I'm just reaching for some.
I'm not going to lie to you.
What, what are we going to talk about?
What do we don't have him?
I don't know, but let's find out when that starts.
10.56 at 5.60 WQM, you still sleeping on the same crappy old
mattress you've had for years and years.
While guarantee you feel it,
that's why when you get up in the morning,
you feel like crap.
Do what I've been doing, what George has done.
And a lot of others, Miguel,
some of the other sluppers around here,
call 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S
and guarantee yourself a great night's sleep
for months and years to come.
They carry only the best names.
They got silly, they got certas,
Simmons, King Quill, every size and style.
And you'll have 30 days to try the mattress out in your home
with the best comfort exchange policy ever invented.
Some places make you sleep on your new mattress for at least 30,
even 60 nights before you can make an exchange.
If you're not comfortable after the first night,
you just bought 59 more sleepless nights.
And then they'll go ahead and charge you for restock,
delivery, and you'll pay full retail price on exchanges.
Forget about that, because they never would do that.
At Dalai, MacriSoo is his wife, so they're so great.
For real comfort, no hidden charges or extra fees,
call 1-800-MAT-T-R-S right now.
If you need an exchange, you can do so anytime
with their 30 day comfort exchange period.
No hassles at all.
If you'd like to shop online, check them out at mattress.com.
That's the website for dial amatrus.
If you want to see it before you buy it in the mattress too,
mattress.com's got pictures of mattresses
that the expert betting consultant suggests.
Make the call now to dial amatrus
and enjoy a great night's sleep every night.
Call now 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S for dial amatrus.
My, and look all, this is 4-T-R-D-O-Fi-60-U-W-A-U-A-M.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Hello, Tami Motora resident.
Who is this the maid?
No, this is the wife, Talia.
Trapa.
I like to speak with Tami Metolia.
Hello, Tami Motora resident.
Trapa.
What you're doing?
Trapa.
No, no, Talia.
Trapa.
Let me talk to the dead.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
Tami.
food, Jimmy Chungas, burritos, toastitos. I got more gas than exonc. And you deserve to have the bloat.
Listen Michael, I'll resurface somewhere. I'll start another label. Sure you will. So you can
destroy the career of other budding artists. Are we going to Chevy? Yes, honey. We're going to Chevy.
Thank you very much. All right. Oh geez. If it's not Chevy, it's Chee-Chees. If it's not Chee-Chees,
it's what's that drive in place. I don't know what you're talking about. I called to
be Ray Chu. And all I'm getting is dribble and Jimmy Changa.
Admit it. I was the reason you were forced to be fired. Right. I know because I'm very, very,
very devilish. I want to live in America. I want to live in America. You're living in America.
All right. Hey, look, Mikey. I got to go. Okay. I got to take over the Taco Bell.
Debbie. Okay. Chee-Chees. You want to come with us? No, I don't want to be seen with you. You are
the devil. So at this point, I am finding myself having some sympathy for you.
All right. All right. I got to go there, Mikey. Let me tell you something. If I were to
find right now, Hampton neighborhood would go up. Bye.
1104-560 W.D. Kim. We got the Mad Dog at one. It was $20.00 forward today. I'll tell you that.
Nice going, Mr. Rexpert. The Humpert. Now, I tell you, Hank has got a much better gig than I
got. Do you see where he's doing the show today? No. Lost wages. Hank from Lost Vegas from 3 to 7.
And then tomorrow, of course, he'll be in transit. So guess what we get tomorrow?
Cheers to Gakket. Wow. Tomorrow afternoon. So we got Hank from Vegas, the big O from 7 to 10. So he
can call the big O tonight from 7 to 10 and then tomorrow call Mo after the big O and
they'll repeat the same call like that one guy. And then we got Eddie Kay from GA at 10 o'clock
tonight and Joe and Mark, the dirty boys overnight with Joe's birthday is coming up on Thursday.
Right? Yes. See how well I can read that calendar in there? Oh, big block letters there.
The hell it is. It just says Joe's CBD. Joe's CBD. Joe's CBD. Speaking of that, they were getting
really upset. The record companies that they're losing all this money. Yeah, what are people
are stealing music off the internet? Carlos? He are stealing all that music off the internet. Do we
care about that? No, we don't. Make sure the music I'll pay for it. Too bad. Here's Miami. Hello.
Hi, Alia. Hello. Hi, Alia. Yes, sir. Hey, hi. How are you? Okay. Now, I was calling just to ask
what do you feel about the the three safety position that are five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T line without a one call here. Here's a Hollywood. Hello.
No, it's sunny. It must be moving. It must be transit. Okay, that's the end of our calls today.
That's it. So what's in the inquire? That's what's in the inquire? What's in the star? What's in the
globe? Thank God. I got him here. I'll tell you that drug doctor rats out the star. We name names.
All the stars who are on heavy-duty drugs, which quite frankly if they were doing the show, I
wouldn't blame them. Five six seven oh five sixty lonely Martha Stewart feels abandoned. She didn't
even decorate for Christmas. Oh my God. What are we going to do for Martha? Mariah Wants Christina.
Lay off the booze. You rat. A lot of boobs in here. Look at that. Fungus Brook Burke.
To viewers through exotic locales as the host of E network show Wild On. And the beautiful
Bernette who's not the host of E's rank took herself to sightseeing Bartz in the Caribbean for some
R&R with a friend. With a lady friend that is missing moments husband had shocking secret life.
Oh, you know this business about Lacey Peterson. Why do we care about that? Who?
The missing woman Lacey Peterson. You haven't seen that about her husband. Oh, the
pregnant pregnant. Why do we care about that? We don't. Okay. Oh, the crank is back again in
Halliday. Hello. I'm making fun. I'll say. He's an asshole. Five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon line. And it's not even it's only 11 o'clock. And we're
all searching for calls here today. But you know something keep it up. Here's Miami. Hello.
I need to add the Florida morelens to companies that no longer exist in Miami.
Uh-huh. Here is the V. Harbour Island. Hello. Hi, you. Neil. How you doing? Okay.
Nice to talk to you and never talked to you before, but good show. I had something in common with
you. I've got to answer them six or seven times. I was just wondering the last time that you came back.
Have you been having problems and customs? Because I know. It's a serious question. No.
Well, my wife was we came back separately from Europe this time last month. What is she drug dealer?
No, unfortunately, that would be that would be great actually. But anyway, we came back and she keeps
she's Canadian citizen and she keeps getting like stop and searched in customs and I've read a couple
articles that have said that like this New Zealand woman was harassed and searched and stuff like that.
So I was wondering if you would heard anything about that or I had a experience that what I saw
I was just there in December. It's his laxas ever. When you get there, they look at you.
You got an American passport. Sometimes they don't even stamp it and they open it up. They stamp it
if they feel like it and they give it back to you and they have a great day and blah, blah, blah.
That's it. And then when you go through and the she take care of a lot of luggage with her.
Well, no, well, actually I have to say this time she did because she was bad mistake.
Yeah, I'm a mistake. See if you go through the green line when you're going out of the
into the airport out of the customs area anywhere it says nothing to declare they don't even most
of the time 99% that even look at you. So I just have my one carry on. They don't even pay any
attention to me. But if you're going through items to declare then all I would say is.
Yeah, well, I'll tell her that. I don't know. Maybe she's not a guilty
face or something. That's why a lot more people are stuffing the drugs in their body
cavities because it's a lot easier to get it through that way. Yeah, actually one time she came
from Canada with a cast and they held her for two and a half hours. But anyway, I just wanted to say
unfortunately we're away from civilization again, but I hope to get back there and
let me to I'm working on it. Hey, it was a pleasure. Thank you. Have a great life. 5670560.560 on the 18t. In
fact, after this in timber response by the audience today, that's the first thing.
Duff came in here and said, when you want to go back to Toronto get out of here. I said,
pretty damn soon. Lots of it when I was planning. Don't you think that today is enough to kind of
like put me away. Yeah, this has been just I mean like out of it happens all the time. They blind
side you here out of nowhere. Like a frontal a sideways attack. And we're sitting here. We're
willing to take all the criticism in the world. All the abuse we don't give a crap. We get paid
just the same. I got that fat bonus check in my pocket right now. George may have his someday,
but we're not too sure. And Carlos, he's sitting there with a kind of a moderate smile on his face.
He says, I'll believe the 20 from mad dog when I see it. Believe me. He'll pay up. He'll pay up. He
doesn't want to be abused on this show every day for the rest of the duration for over a lausy 20 bucks.
The kind of money that he's making. Are you kidding me? Between his construction. Oh wait,
did him say last week that he hasn't had like a new a new thing. And I can what he say about six
years now. What's up with that? Economy. And didn't you hear that story? People are sluppers here.
They're dying. Oh yeah. Except for the people on Fisher Island. Everybody over there at Fisher
Island, we want you to come out and hear it with the rest of us and just bring bags of money like
Sandy Claus and start handing it out like the Rockefellers used to do. Only no dimes. Okay.
$100 bills on his three corners. All you grave robbers on Fisher Island. What kind of people live
on Fisher Island rich people. Yeah. Blue noses with their noses way up in the air. Okay. And of
course, they don't stink. I tried to place tonight to make some money. Pop it up. I got the
three horse in the anyway. Pop it up. Park is open for live harness racing four nights a week.
Monday Wednesday Friday and Saturday first post. I'm 715 as in tonight with free general parking
free admission every afternoon night. And don't forget every Monday night. Tonight there is some
Monday madness going on because Pompano Park offers two for $25 full-court dinner specials
in their lavish top of the park restaurant on the sixth floor. Brian Serrius is God. We continue
saying that he is. And by the way, Dick Fienberg quit peddling me. Go be Daveing Graham's agent. Okay.
We still got the search party looking for David. Why not come out for kneading a great horse racing
action? We'll come a winter from the rail preachers, self-to-proved boxing on the fourth floor. Enjoy
Ben and Jerry's hot-fudge Sunday. We're slice of roast billows pizza. I want me a Ben and Jerry's
hot-fudge Sunday night at the track. Not the Hagen does. What are you on? No, they're going to have to
go on the fourth floor to get me Ben and Jerry's in the dining room. They got the Hagen does. I want Ben
and Jerry's every Wednesday at Pompano Park is a dollar a night. You can get draft beer hot dogs,
soda, large press of the popcorn only a bucket piece. There's also a great audio. You can eat
buffet in the four four players lounge for just 10.95 per person every racing night. Coming up in
February, it'll be the big $250,000 aisle of capri-facing series featuring men of the best horses in
North America racing right at Pompano Park. And don't forget a week from the night. Next Monday,
the big night, man. One of my favorite events in the world is the free spaghetti dinner. Next Monday,
February 3rd at Pompano Park. And of course, Pompano's got full card, simulcasting every day,
all days, starting a noon, seven days a week. Pompano Park on PowerLive, Rotoblock, South
Atlantic Boulevard, a great live racing card, 7.15 p.m. tonight.
My best local, this is 560. The radio's all yours now.
QAM!
Adjurzah.
Oh my! Oh my!
I had one hand on my mouse and my other hand was busy in my plants.
Since the day that I was born, I've been into kitty porn, when my grandma made me do the naked dance.
I won't drop the sofa, I go to prison, Jerry Paul says I had a good reason,
went online to prepare my book. That is where I went a straight, a pedophile online at play,
or what now I am the here to say.
I won't touch my tool again.
I'm here.
See, even his app, well, I've made him do the naked dance.
Not just, here we go. 11.17 at 5.60 WQM. The inspection, the weapons report is going
on to UN right now, you know what they're saying?
Work to the best of our ability.
That's what they're saying. To the best of their ability, they're going to be as
much as they can. Because we don't want to much, no reruns, a sum of tired cowboy movie.
You know what? We're going to put on our cowboy hat and our sick shooters. We're going to go in there,
and blow their crap away. Even though we're very concerned about the unborn fetus.
Man beating dog with gun shoots himself speaking of that. This is on our website, but somebody
faxed me the shorter version of this. This is in Winchester, Virginia. Friday, a man tried to
beat his dog death with a gun was fatally wounded, when it apparently went off accidentally,
Raymond poor junior 43 called his wife at work Thursday, and told her that her dog had bitten
him and intended to kill the animal. The wife came home about 6 p.m. and found her husband
unconscious with a number of dog bites and scratches. Emergency medical person on the
scurvy that poor had been shot. He was pronounced dead at Winchester Medical Center.
Police captain David Sabonia said poor must have beaten the 30-pound sharpie with the gun that
went off. He said the stock of the weapon accommodation rifle in Chalkan was broken, and their
peer appeared to be blood and dog here on it. The dog was in custody of an animal control officer.
Sabonia had no detail on how badly the dog was injured, but the guy that was beaten the dog he's
dead. That's hysterical. That is poetic justice, huh? Evolution at work. 5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60 audio AT&T line. A tremendous response on his pull. Thank God I changed it, see?
Because I know my pull. I put that first one up there about the stupid bowl last night. It was
like limp. You could feel it. Sagan. No, you feel it. No, now you feel it. Why do you hate George so
much? Is our pull question? We got 381 votes. And this is a pull that didn't go up to like about
four minutes ago. He's boring as Schmidt 137. I don't hate him. He's okay, 93. Okay, you know,
I don't. I love George 68. He's a nasty little spec 32. Too much eating ass talk 15. I bet you'd
get the second tired of your mess representing where he's sticking his tongue. He's an anti-Semite 14.
Too much mumbling 13 and too much religion talk 9. His word is right now.
Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Gone. Miami's gone. Okay, probably just as well. Let's try Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil God. Yes, sir. You know, I've been listening to these calls since the beginning of the show.
Are we apologizing? And I'm wondering people are complaining about the bedtime stories. Yeah.
No, no, I'm complaining about the bedtime stories. I admit that it was a bad mistake on my part.
It hurt the show badly, desperately, but it was a byproduct of how crappy the calls are. Would you have
been hearing how the calls are? That's my point. It's I was driven to it. People really want to
listen to these idiotic calls. I mean, I've been listening. This morning, this is ridiculous. It is.
It's a disgrace to the human race. So go back to bedtime stories. But lastly, you know,
what George is a rookie. Everybody wants to compare him to you. And that's why they say he sucks. He's not you. Right.
So I just say George needs some experience. You know, exactly. In fact, I think starting in noon
will be a good time to get him on there. Hey, exactly. Have a great day. Have a.
Yeah. What's wrong with that? You could do an hour today. Get out of here a little bit early. In fact,
I think like Tom Jekker said, I'm going to just get out and go in my beautiful Corvette and head up
to Hershey Highway where you're right. I'll call in from wherever the hell I am as the whim strikes me.
And the meantime, you'll do the job. I'll be back right around next payday.
What's wrong with that? Just come back off and up to pick up a paycheck. Works with packs in for seven
months real good. Yeah. It wasn't bad. Except that one day that they had me driving. That was
Norma Kett, by the way. Couldn't get them to FedEx me to check or something like that. Had a drive
down there to pick it up nearly got killed that one day right by Joe Robbie Stadium. Formerly known as.
In fact, if somebody would say, you know, it's not Joe Robbie Stadium anymore. Guess what?
At least the Joe Robbie family Joe Robbie built a damn thing unlike pro player, which is out of
business. Last time we checked. Huh? I'll always call it Joe. Maybe we can call it in run field.
Or some other out of business joint, which seems to be the pattern now that everybody in sports is
going out of business, which I was the money 20 years ago. All this expansion. It's crazy. It's pure
greed. Oh, you know what you're talking about. You're just a sour pus. Okay. Here's Greg with his daily
facts. Daniel, once again, being that I'm our resident radio expert. I'll share my opinion on the
George topic. When you spell George with a J and out with a G U Bozo, it's not that he said
you bad guy, even a bad talk show host. It's all in the voice. It doesn't matter what he's talking
about. Not to compare the two of you because that wouldn't be fair. It's like comparing Superman to
droopy. I mean, you were blessed with that voice you have. What what voice? I got a great voice. If I
were to be Newark, your voice, no matter what you're saying, is very powerful and draws in the
listener. It's powerful, baby. You heard George's voice. It kind of draws in dead farm animals.
Just kidding. Seriously, he can't get away with a long, unnecessary pauses. Even your pauses,
that are more entertaining than when he speaks. Oh, no, that's bad. That's well, he's got a point,
though. The bottom line is George seems like a good guy. See how he's sucking up to you now?
What work? He shows. He shows entertaining once in a while, but what he needs is a voice transplant.
Maybe we can get a tool for you and Geldie. He's stealing your material. We can get a
soup that already. What? Heating your material back to you. I know that. When you just stop,
see that's another thing they don't like about you. You're just intolerant.
Don't take these people for what they are. Okay, you expect them to be fed like
original material to you? No, he, when did we ever say that? We never said original material because
you don't have any. Well, that'll be fun. It says get some more energy and more excitement. George.
Okay. That doesn't mean higher pitched. So you assume that forceful, not high.
That's squeaky. Take more caffeine to do some uppers. There you go. Call up Moses.
He'll bring you. So that's not my bag. Surgery might be an order. No matter what happens,
you should thank your lucky stairs every day. You were given that powerful voice,
but you'd be questioning everything how the rest of you turned out so poorly.
That's a good line. Just a joke. It says calm down. P.S.
Bring back screenless. No. No, thank you, Gray. You were doing good to me after that.
He's right. How did I get such a decent voice and such nice feet from the ankles down?
There you go. The rest of me and worth a crap. It's where it goes. Nothing's perfect.
Small penis. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live.
Holly would. Hello. Yes, sir. I already talked about Shania Twain.
Yeah. He's awesome. Huh? Yes, she is. You know, her story behind her. She's got a really
troubling story in the past. No idea. I'm not sure. I don't know. I don't know. I know
she's from Canada. I mean, so Celine, I don't know. That's why I'm saying. My buyers,
she had a very, you know, said, you know, upright. Money haul.
The parents were killed in a car accident. Right. And she had to take on all of the kids.
And you know, it's every ever watched that. Leslie Nielsen. John Candy. Go ahead. I'm sorry.
Okay. No, we're listening to people. We're just, we're talking about Canadians.
No, obviously she's really a really, you know, good person. Let's listen to put all kids off.
You know, she took care of all of siblings. Right. The parents were killed in a,
but she's like a real downer person to have her own. We love Shania Twain. You don't have to
sell her to us. Okay. And in closing, they don't come no finer than Shania.
Is Moe had a ball spot? No. Not a spot. See, ball spot implies like, right, that there's
hair around you. Right. Exactly. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the Infact old chrome dome. We don't
discuss his ball spot anymore because George, you know, see that that is a good
point though that you were intimidated all summer long because of the fact that he
went on the heels of old Moe trying to get your ass fired. I forgot. I was hanging by a
thread. He was hanging by a thread. I was going to be a guy. I was going to keep him his job.
The keep his job going because some old fart comes in here. Some old funny dirty with a bad
temper. Some temperatled cranky old coot who's trying to get everybody else's point to finger
with them and blame them for his failings. Never once if I pointed a finger at George,
it's because of you that I'm ugly old Fag. That's your fault. You know, have I ever said that?
Although the food part I have pointed at and blamed him a lot since we're not eating today.
Once. Since you've been back. Once what about the food full crab? We've eaten in here once
since I've been back. Once it was my idea. Once a day maybe. Once it was my idea. We had
Wayne Arnold three times the Mexican count. Once the other stuff that came in here, the other
stuff was like some sponsor that they forced the food on me and once it was my idea. The other
one was Flores. Sorry. All the rest were you or them. Some jetton with those two big balls he
brought in here that day. You see the way he drag goes in here. Look, I almost got caught in
the snaple. Drag him in the sack. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 T and for rising line. As we
look at again, the spastic Monday, baby. Spastic Monday. They're in. They're out. They're up. They're
down. They're everywhere. But they want to talk to us now. And you want to know why? Because the
bit see now we got a problem. Now the people who like to bedtime stories. Now they're all gone.
See that's the problem. They got to be gone. They certainly won't speak to me. We had one guy there.
Other than that, they won't call back in. And that's mostly the female audience, which we don't
have much of any anyhow. I don't need other ones with like that bitch that called you that day.
Right. Oh, it's when you're on your the only voice with the other side. And Neil always says
nobody cares. Is that just a cap out? Is it too much work? Did she ever call back? No. I hope
that bitch calls it today. I dare her to call his show. She's going to call no chance. No chance.
You don't want to know why? Because she's a pussy. That's why. She didn't have the balls bitch. Backstab
in me when she thinks I'm out of town. And I'm right in town listening to you for like four
minutes. Just long enough here that I can only imagine the other kind of crap that went on when I
wasn't listening. I get a favor. The wounds in my back. Yeah, right. I'm not the bird. Carlos told
me. Hey, you need car insurance if you got in tickets in the past or had an accident. If you have
bad credit, if you answered yes to any of these things, then here's the number to call. Boy,
it must be the air in here. You know, I'm starting to get choked again. One triple eight 506
72 83. That's the number four Florida first insurance. They have the current insurance policy
plan for everybody regardless of your past record. They've got low down payments and get you the
current insurance you need for as little as 35 bucks a month. Unbelievable. Call them now,
toll free at one triple eight 506 72 83. Florida first insurance offers free quotes to their
family owned and operated with the years of experience. You deserve the current insurance that
you've been eating. So call them now. One eight eight eight 506 72 83. If you need home insurance,
life, health, or commercial insurance, Florida first insurance can get you covered. And right now,
as a special promotion stop by any Florida first insurance location, get you a quote and get two
free casino cruise passes compliments to Las Vegas style marketing a $60 value. Absolutely free.
So call one triple eight 506 72 83. Get a current insurance quote from Florida first insurance and
get two free casino cruise passes. Don't forget no matter what your car history record is, these are
the people that get you straightened out. Call one triple eight 506 72 83 for Florida first
insurance for all your current insurance needs.
We're sports radio 516. You AM.
Don't have a penis. I've never had one. I swear to you from Gorge of your money. It's the
jeans that almost every man in America has been waiting for. The jeans that will drive the
chicks wild and make you the center of attention at any party. It's the Wonder Jean with built-in
bulge booster. If you're sick of traditional jeans that hide your little package, the new Wonder
Jean will accentuate whatever little amount of flesh you have and make it look like you're the next
long dong silver. Oh Billy, what's up with you tonight man? The chicks are all over you. Did
you happen to notice my pants? Yeah, I was meeting a say something about that. What do you have a
wheelchair? You can't get rid of a sawtooth. No, you squid. It's the Wonder Jean. Here, check this out.
Hey, baby. Hey, good looking. What do you say we below this joint and head back to my place? Sure.
Hey, Billy. Yeah? What are you going to do when you drop your droids and she sees your real
little soldier? Look, here's to lay them. The Wonder Jean from Gorge of your money. Because now
it's the men's turn to cheat and the women's turn to be disappointed. I'm a 32 at 560 WDQ. I'm happy
Monday to you. Howie Berry's sad suicide, bitch. That's in the inquire. Don't do it, Howie.
Or next to the star. I'm sorry. Drug doc rants out the stars. As soon as I see
when order riders on this list, I realize it can't be too exciting. What a shock. That one
owner rider on drugs. Well, they found all that stuff in her purse and that that soup, that Nissan,
whatever that crap that we put in the other side will kill you. That Nissan super noodles that stinks.
It's chicken soup. Oh, are you kidding me? It smells like chicken soup that a rat died in.
Here's a call from North Miami. Hello. Hey, what's up? Neil Hauser.
Happy post-superbowl. And back to you. I'm trying to reach for a few weeks actually
for a little more than a week since the whole business is called. Uh-huh. My vote was from my high.
Yeah. Very nostalgic for my values to work there. Actually started a little business where he's
making pies all on to bring you some food to bed and have your end to that. No, 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on
the 18th years. I got it. Looking for a plug for his brothers. Join wants to bring us some food.
What do we say? No, he didn't have anything to say. See, you notice the clever way, the very
subversive way they tried to hook that all together. You were doing a thing about a place that
used to be out of business. My favorite was my pie. And, uh, well, but now my brothers got a
place and can we bring us some food and can we give them a free plug? No. No thanks.
See how those things all tie together? 5 6 7 0 5 60 if we don't have like a real call next to
25 minutes here. I'm going to blow Carlos's brains out right on here.
Pound 5 sit. Well, that's before manage comes in with a 20 bucks.
Here's my me spring. Hello. What's up? Yes, sir. Okay. Uh, speaking of restaurants, I have
an anecdote about restaurants. Did you know that, uh, the guy doing your morning show actually was
in the restaurant business way before radio? No. Was in that because you always have to pay in
restaurants to pay to pay. Yeah. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I'm afraid for Carlos. Pound 5 60. Yeah. You
better guard him with your with somebody's life. Better lock that door. Here's Davy. Hello.
I'm caught.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The search continues.
We only got another hour 25 minutes to go. We'll continue searching. Man.
Here's Val Harbor. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, uh, my tips cricket.
I beg your pardon. My tips cricket. Your tips cricket. Yes. And I told cricket. You killed cricket? Yeah.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon. I think the wicked worm struck this town
if you asked me over the weekend. Paper said they didn't have a big impact here. I think this
town has been stricken by that runaway worm. Lauderdale by the sea. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir.
How are David sticks his two paiters head with his own semen?
Here's Viral Beach. Hello. Okay. Go ahead. What's that? I beg your pardon. I didn't say anything
yet. I said let's go to Viral Beach. Hello. Hi, hello, Viral Beach. How are you?
What a restaurant. A restaurant that I'd love.
Here's an old lady in Miami Beach. Hello. Uh, Neil. Yes. I've been listening to you since I lived here.
I lived here 31 years and you're here about 27 years. Uh-huh. But you've never spoke so rapidly.
Why do you do that? I'm going to hurry to get out of here. It's it's kind of disconcerting though.
You know, it gets very tiring. I love listening to you. Yeah, where's your wife? I love the subject
Maddie. Yeah. But it's tiring when you talk so fast. Go take a nap when you talk so fast. Yeah.
How come I speak so fast? She's been listening for years, but I'm going too fast for her now.
Now that she just turned 110. Let's see. I have the same problem as the other guy who can't call
from work, but I love the facts. Let's see. I like the bedtime stories. I'd like to read more, but
I don't have time. I like George. Yada yada yada. I used to see his wife and child at our bus stop last
year and the year before. I like them even if he doesn't. Uh, if Goldie is such a hockey maven,
why does he refer to jerseys as sweaters? My little dog and my grandma are the wear of sweaters
not hockey players. And for who do we know in the Air Force that can give George some go pills?
Says Todd and Hollywood chronic. He wants, I don't think he has a go problem. He's going to
find every morning before the show. Sure. Sometimes twice. I don't think that's his problem. He needs
doggy uppers as what he needs to be in solo thargic. In addition to which don't you understand he's
run down from these calls. See, I can handle it because I'm making a big book. But if I'm a punk like
him to come in here for like a bucket of half an hour and talk to these bozos and beg and pleat
and then get all this other stuff for four hours of it, he can't take it. He can't take it. He's
like a little genius in here. He wants to talk intellectual crap. Like, intellectual crap and
all he's getting is the crap part. That's right. Well, I like the way that fed back. That was
exciting. 5 6 7 0 5 basically what we've had today, they had a couple of real people on there not
too much. We got a bunch of crappy, crap bitter old people like this last one. Hey, what's going on?
What do you want to talk about? They couldn't, if you held a gun, if you stuck a goddamn
oozzy up there, they asked they couldn't do it. And that's the sad part about this town. And that guy
who sits in front of me at the hockey games, by the way, when leaves coming away from Wednesday,
which they'll probably still be in this coma they just went and do. If he happens to be there,
which I hope he's not, because I'm tired of looking at the side of his head, just don't be bugging
me during the whole game. Okay, Mr. Because I go there to see the game. Not to hear your stories
about Bob Nistrum. Nobody gives a flying crap about Bob Nistrum. Okay. Or about the old rangers
or about goddamn Eddie Jackamann or that crap, right? Skippy, right. Get out of here, by the way.
What's he doing in there? Skippy. I don't know. I did. Got a constant parade of people in here,
in and out here, like a goddamn, like a laundromat. He came from a gal. He came from a gal, huh? How much?
This much. Teespoon? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, more or less like.
One thing that amazes me about Skippy. The other wife, you know. Hey, I'll tell you one thing.
Get off your lazy ass and start losing some weight. And how do you do that? Look at the beast.
If you have a strong stomach, the beast is down to 240. I bet you when he went, what day is he
going to be waiting in on Fridays? I don't know. I don't know. Whatever he feels like it.
Whatever gets off his lazy fat ass gets out of you, Emma. Kids over here.
Of course, he only comes in when he's sure that Moe was safely out of the building. Change your life
today. Lose the weight not only look better, but get a lot healthier too. And how do you do it with
balance for life? That's a way to do it. No cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie
counting, no carbohydrate counting. Because balance for life combines the knowledge of the zone
diet with the special emphasis on the glycemic values of carbs, which control your sugar levels,
and deliver right to your door at home at your work wherever you are. Three gourmet meals and
two delicious snacks with little bottle of water in your sack too. In that great little black sack.
And you know what we always say on issue? If you've got your little black sack, you're in good shape.
So get with the real weight loss program, not some goofy thing that doesn't work. That's some
dangerous arrangement. Because balance for life is delicious. It's nutritious, everything is fresh.
And they let you choose between two choices for each meal every day that you're on a program.
Call them right now if you want to lose the weight to the delicious weight. Call 954-568-3229. 954-568-3229 or visit
their website at balanceforlife.com.
The sucks!
I went through the solosage party. I wasn't invited by the priest. He said,
come with me. I got some friends to see back in the red dairy. When we got to the solosage party,
there were some other priests in the book. Then he dropped his pants and said,
be a good lad. Your face I want to stuff. And I realized now I didn't do very well.
You see, because the priest couldn't get all, so it had to please himself.
Wow!
Then the priest at the solosage party said, have faith some try it again.
As he took my hand and he said that me, help you try to understand. He said there's something
I must remind you before you give it another chance. The holy man who wrote the Bible
weren't wearing anything. Now I'm all right now. I can do that very well. It's good that I can
do it.
15 to noon, 1145 at 560 W.C.M. Jim managed to be along at one with all kinds of excuses
why Tampa Bay knocked the crap out of the Raiders in the Super Bowl last night. He'll be making all
kinds of excuses. No excuses man, the better team won. They just knocked the crap out of them.
In fact, the final score is nowhere. Even though it was 48 to 21. It doesn't even indicate what a
romp that was. It was like 34 to 3 in the fourth quarter. Was it? Whatever it was.
Late in the game, got it. A one sided and a left sided trouncing by the far superior team.
And see the problem is, well, I'm not going to go into it. You just take the 20 bucks.
Let's see, George, this is specifically for you, but of course you're taking it. It's
some sex thing. Save it. For a few months, I heard you speaking about your teacher Mrs. Aso-and-so
from a grade school is my cousin. Oh, she has three grown kids. One, uh,
Baba-Baba Harvard Stanford, Baba-Baba UM, Baba-Baba. Someone's so married this one, uh, whatever.
Well, save it. I'll give it a look. It says she's still pretty hot. It's going about that. Yeah,
we're talking about what I was saying before you. Okay. I'll save it for you. There it is. Like I said,
we're going to be talking a lot more about sex on this show and a lot less about saving a
guy in the world. And by the way, the inspector said one of the most worrying areas was the
chemicals and the materials required for the production of VX nerveation.
Is what he said? Basically what they said was they still got a lot more work to do before we
start blowing everybody up over there. Since we are so concerned about human life,
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th, we're concerned about the sanctity of the unborn
fetus. Don't you understand? Because they're really that we don't want to stem cell research,
we don't want to kill low stem cells. Right. Right. We don't even want to kill any, uh,
brain stems. Here's Viral Beach. Hello. Viral Beach. Hello. How's your okay?
Restaurant from the past. Okay. Restaurant from the past. A caller from the past from Viral Beach.
A restaurant from the past. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. When is this?
Yes. Gone. Here's a call from Boka. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you today?
I've been okay. A little bit bizarre here today, but I'm used to it. Yeah. Nothing different.
Strange on a Monday. Hey, uh, Mr. G's backing town. Yeah, we know. And we don't want to talk to you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th team Verizon Wireless Line. One more good reason to get
the hell out of here real soon. If we just get it up to like minus 40 in Toronto, I think I'm on
a plan. Last call of the day. It's from Davy. Hello. Davy. Hello. Yes, sir. Mr. Rogers, how you doing, sir?
Okay. Uh, I guess one, did you hear what happened on the bar?
I guess as a patches game Saturday night. No, I did not. Okay. It was about four minutes,
it's been half minutes left before the end of the second period. And I don't know which announcer
was, but I was listening to all of someone that announces a father and we're all over the radio.
He farted on the radio. Oh, he farted. And, and, and, uh, the butt about five seconds later, he says,
excuse me. And the other now was, I think it was a goalie. Up the butt. Yeah. And he said that,
boy, that was a stinky play. In other words, and he was trying to announce the game and now it
happens the same time. Oh, it was unbelievable. I was there. Thanks for the good news. Up the butt.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60. See the people I wanted to, they listened to the bedtime stories.
They're all gone now anyway. See it, it's, it's a year in the yang thing. You can't please everybody.
Like that thing just said, like Rick Nelson said, so you gotta please yourself.
So what you can do, they're all gone. The bedtime stories crowd, they're not going to listen to this.
They're going to look at, and look at that. Listen to what? There's the listen to the lack of call
that we have on there. There's not one call on the board. Where are those crickets? In the history
of my life. This is like, is this like a dry one again? Is this, this must be like Ozzy Osborne
dreaming about the Osmonds and Florence, Henderson, must really help. Bad nightmare. 5 6 7 0 5 60,
pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. We're talking today about your favorite places that
are no longer in business. Why do you hate George? Well, I'm just waiting for those calls to start
pouring in. Why do you hate George so much? We asked. We got 458 votes. They're busy voting about you.
They can't be bothered calling me because they're busy voting on you. He's boring as Schmitt 162.
I don't hate him. He's okay. 112. I don't hate him. I love George. 79. So you add together the two
positive categories. You got 42.3% George, which leaves 50 7 1 1 2 1 2. He's an actually a little
spec 39. He's an anti-semit 17. Too much eating ass talk 16. Too much mumbling 15. And too much
religion talk 10 is what they say. I hope you're writing all of those down. So you can assess
your whatever you do next time you're on. Why starting at noon would be good. Don't you think?
I think George knew into one today. In fact, I think George knew into one every day.
No, no. Is they splendid? A capital idea. As opposed to me sitting here trying to beg and plead
and squeeze something out of these people. I want to talk to a woman under the age of 100 today
between now and 1 o'clock. Not that old lady to call from the beach. She's kind of like that
the hokey polka guy. She put her left foot in. Yeah, I'm talking to fast. I can't
understand. I pay.
Here's a call from four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, is this me? Sounds like you. Yes, sir.
Okay. Sounds like me too. I just want to let you know I'm due to the area. I really enjoy your show.
Well, thank God for you, sir. Where did you come from? I moved from Long Island, New York.
That mistake. Why do you think? How long you've been here?
Nine months. Nine months. So don't unpack, please. You'll hate another three months. You'll hate
it here. Well, you got to make the show start this way. I'll go back. Okay. Have a great day.
In you two. Right. You can't handle it. He wants out and I can't blame him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5,
60. Look what moved in here. The frogs and the boofo toads. That's what we got. That's about it.
My little dog, by the way, is coming along splendidly. I don't know how. Good. He really is.
Very good. Had a good bomb moment yesterday on the floor. Not in the house outside.
Not in the room. Look, we don't want to make a habit of that. Just in case there might be a
bad one coming in the near future. But considering his liver, I can't think what she said it was.
Of course, that's my vet. You know, he's a little little like that. He's okay. Okay. The only
deal is though. Now he, he a little on the picky side. Start eating chicken. You know,
cubed chicken. Nice real like white meat chicken. That was okay for a day or two. And they
like turned his nose up at it. Well, what else can you do? Not that he's lost his appetite. It's just
that he's a discriminating connoisseur now. Now, these into the people food. I can't imagine my
mother might have done something to start that. She was there for that week, you think?
Nothing. He won't eat no doggy food anymore. He's into people food at whatever your eating
is. What he really wants. Because no matter what's in his bowl, that obviously is dog food.
I think he's outsmarting me now. Whatever I'm eating is people food so it must be better.
Just set him a place at the table. Maybe we'll bring him in here one day when PD Lenny comes
by with some more of that stuff. That'll teach him a lesson. Here's a lady in Tamarack.
Hey! I can't believe it. I'm under 100. Well, thank God for you. You must be the one.
Hey, don't feed your dog any racers or great. Very bad form. Now you don't do that.
Yes. So I just read an article and that it could kill him.
Well, he's on a way out anyway. He's got liver fibrosis or some kind.
But I mean, he's over 14 years old. He's like 100 human years and he's doing okay.
Well, good. I love your show, Neil. Thanks, sweetheart. Have a great day.
You too. Thanks for being alive. Okay, there's a living breathing lady.
Oh! It was a dog lady. Yeah. That's okay. I mean, not real exciting, but at least she's human.
At least she respawned into my plea. That's the thing that just knocks my ass sideways in his town.
Gives me just flapping cheeks is the fact that these people, they won't give you anything.
We're giving the sweat off their armpit. That's what bothers me.
Yeah. I know that I want. I'm not saying I want it.
All depending on what they look like. I'm not in the sweat. No. Sweat bad.
Sometimes it's just a necessary body.
Productive. Whatever you're doing. Well, that all depends.
Yeah. That all depends upon the circumstances.
You don't get a squeegee. I don't like the smell of the...
No, thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, keep those squeegees handy.
They double as a good ice scraper for your windshield when it gets cold again next weekend.
Just spread it over. Yeah. Just flop it over.
And the squeegee too.
Coconut creak, hello.
Hello, Neil. Yes?
Do you have any wonder marks?
No.
Did you forget about staggered leaves in Fort Lauderdale?
Here's Key Largo. Hello.
Key Largo.
Hey. Yes sir.
How are you?
Okay.
Been listening for years. Love the show.
Thank you so much.
Anybody remember back in the late 60s and me?
Here's Miami. Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
What is wrong with these people?
Keep on about these damn places that close down on them.
I mean, give them a break.
They're living in the past man. They're one-dimensional.
Respect the new poll.
That people who are still dead.
There you go.
Just open the window and look outside.
You'll see a lot of them.
Absolutely. I'm a young group here.
125. How about that?
All right.
Shocking.
Let me tell you.
I mean, these jack offs keep coming about,
you know, they're wanting me to these phone calls.
The same guy's calling out, buddy, going,
I mean, that's so boring.
I'm a young group here.
I'm working going to school.
I think there's some periodotico here and there.
You know?
Periodical sound audio sounds like a winner to me.
I don't get a chance to read the paper, you know?
This is going to be like a life, you know what I'm saying?
So I don't mind a little hot feet dose of that.
And then of course you get to pay more on it.
I mean, my hand you want to be all the same.
Same thing.
Those. That's right. What's wrong with those?
Nothing wrong with that, you know?
No dose trace.
So I don't mind a few stores here and there.
These guys are calling up or killing me.
Okay. I'll try to give you a periodical every now and then.
All right. Let me see you, amigo.
Bye.
He wants some periodoticos on audio as well.
He wants, and by the way, didn't seem to me that the rating book went by
and Tom Jekyll was out of time.
I know I mentioned that before.
That's where people are almost between nine and 10.
The consensus is that Greg Reed did something
wrote test and unacceptable to this program.
That's just not just my opinion.
Many people inside this building agree with me that
moving this show out of the 10-2 slot was an act of insanity and suicide.
Is what it was.
600 years, Neil Rogers, 10-2, midday like a fixture,
like a part of these people's lives.
And now the whole world is supposed to change their life to suit Greg Reed.
That's the way it's supposed to work.
Does it work?
No.
Didn't work. We did a year or that.
Didn't work.
Starting tomorrow, we go back to 10-2.
What are you laughing about?
You can do nine to 10.
What?
It's a lively hour.
Sure.
Lots of bits.
Maybe some song.
All comedy bits were doing that.
Wednesday.
Wednesday.
Don't forget.
We're doing the new into one hour and then I'm to 10 hour.
Just because.
It's a good idea.
Yeah.
The karaoke hour.
People can call up.
We'll call you karaoke bed.
They can sing on the phone.
You know something that's not a bad idea.
Look at the karaoke hour.
Yeah.
How much you get a 90 sure.
Yeah.
The karaoke.
I like that a lot.
The karaoke hour.
Posted by Carlos.
Where's Mad Dog, by the way, with your $20 Carlos?
Where's that cheap loser?
Raiders my ass.
The Raiders my ass.
Boy, and see, this is what kills me about this thing.
Is you got guys who are supposed to even just because
somebody played the game doesn't mean they understand it.
And you want to know how I know that?
Look at Denise Potman.
He hasn't got a clue.
He wouldn't know a pocket puck from a learner's bagel.
Okay.
Denise Potman.
Hall of Flamer.
A real rocket scientist.
A freaking genius.
You know what I'm saying?
Somebody goes on here and says.
I feel really, really.
Okay.
So what do you expect him to know?
Huh?
Don't forget.
Look up dumb frog.
In the dictionary, you'll see his push right next to it.
The one where his teeth are like aphnoctod.
By Mike Pellock.
Delights of West Volka.
A megastore for the Edkins diet or low carb sugar free diet is the place to shop.
PD Lanny recommends it enthusiastically.
They've got over 600 delicious low carb food products waiting for you.
And this week, be sure to try the new Enchanted Low-Carb Cookies
in six delicious flavors, only one to two carbs per cookie.
I better slow down for that lady on the beach.
You'll be in Snack Heaven.
So whether it's carbolite, ice cream, bread, chips, muffins,
cheesecakes, pasta and sauces,
Delights of West Volka is a place you're going to absolutely love.
And they've got an knowledgeable staff who really knows their stuff inside and out.
Open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10.
At Delights, you'll find the most complete line of Atkins brand products anywhere in town.
Always 25% off the regular price today, all day every day, even on Purim.
By the way, speaking of Purim,
do we have that?
I wish that a Goesha calendar.
Better be on there.
So if you're on the Atkins, really, other low carb diet,
here's a store where you can go in and really stuck up on all kinds of good snacks.
Delights of West Volka.
On the Northeast corner of Glades in 441, next to Boston Market.
Call them, tool free at 1-877 Low Carb.
You'll find them on the web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only 1 Delights of West Volka.
It's your official Atkins retail center.
Line and local.
Here's Sports Radio 560, she's you A.M.
Fairly, it needed 12 to 1 hour on WQA.
displays.
I came up here.
Just took a look at the stone.
Oh
It's better if not the Lord with mom, but she ain't any more.
It's better if not think so long, it's best to hold your nose.
For as long as you know.
That's right.
For as long as you know.
No, Dr. Lary, you're so wonderful.
I'm sorry, my mother's in arms and alarms.
I'm fast.
Dr. Lary's one of the people you're guys on the news
and my mother's arrested comfortably in cobbleds now.
The sight of the mountain is scared.
It's how we're supposed to write with radio,
Hold that doctor's order.
Mind this video's a door.
Psycho beach never been old.
On the radio.
For as long as you know.
For as long as you know.
For as long as you know.
For as long as you know.
Remember in Salons and Lams when they put the things over their nose when they were like...
Oh, they were putting vicks on their lip.
Right.
Because of the aroma.
They were putting vicks?
Right.
How do you know it was vicks?
You can see the little bottle or something like that, some sort of a menthol.
See?
That's one of the reasons that they don't like it.
We didn't put that one on the pose.
You make stuff up.
You're always vicks.
It looked like a bottle of vicks.
How do you know?
I don't recall no vicks.
And I love vicks.
Well, they weren't using those clips.
Yeah.
So whose memory is better?
They were doing something that they were noticing.
They were putting the smell of death on their lip.
And my point being that if she was dead so long that she was like a part of the carpeting.
She was like...
She melted into it.
It's glued into the carpeting.
They became white.
She was glued into the carpeting.
That's what Dr. Laura said.
She wasn't that funny.
Well, she's not even great, but she sure was a glued mother.
That's what she said.
Just even imagining the stench of that.
I realize it's a dodge time right now.
I'm trying to do you all a big favor.
Okay.
All of us fat people are eating weight too much.
We're not eating hair today.
Jordan had his poison soup.
And that's about it.
I'm following up.
And all I had to say was like a little piece of chocolate from that Vermont teddy bear.
Which our good friend was kind enough to bring in.
What?
Just a small piece.
It was good too.
Anyway, here's some facts.
Mostly from Chronic's, including this one.
I fact you twice already did it and you ignored it both times.
Then why don't you get the message?
UCF Kenny.
You're complaining about lack of material.
Am I complaining about lack of material?
No.
Which show are they listening to?
And I'm facting you two pages of quality stuff and as a voice of America's youth.
Am I only graph with the Georgia's his tone, in which there's only one?
In other words, mono tone.
Maybe he's got mono.
Oh, sorry.
I was trying to do that.
Maybe let's come over here and deal with you mono-amano.
Here's one, another one from our friend Greg.
See, that's it, Greg.
What did I tell him about sticking to one of days, like vitamins?
How dare George say that my material's not original.
One fact today by me is more original and four hours of Georgia's boring,
an emotional crap that he spews today.
If I was on here instead, my ratings would be more than double.
You can accuse me of a lot of things, but stealing materials is not one of them.
I've always said that what was on my mind, good or bad, take it or leave it.
I demand an apology.
How do you like that?
The two-reel's dealer.
Greg!
From wherever the hell he is now because they keep moving up the coast because nobody else wants him.
He wants an apology.
I will, I give it to you.
No.
Okay, he won't have any numbers.
He don't have any friends.
Oh, you're wrong about that?
Oh well.
I don't know who they are, too.
Yeah.
Man beating dog with gun shoots himself, we just had that on here just a minute ago.
Thank you so much.
I always love that.
Well, the show starts at nine, which I realize is tough for your schedule.
And here's one for your good friend, Jeff Heizle, chronic neighbor David, who needs mental help, obviously.
The question is not the ability of George, but rather Greg Reed will ever air his show.
I like George.
He's quite intelligent, worldly, and desperate with a baby.
But the poll should be about the chances of QM airing the...
He's got J-O-R-E, the horror Rodriguez show after Neil goes on to Greener Pastures.
None.
None.
He knows that.
Jorge.
He knows that Greg Heizle, like poison, is ungrateful and a real militant hard-ass.
Mike, this is a quote from one of your loyal listeners.
I don't think it's something in the past to get him out of the elevator.
What is that?
I'm Jim DeFeedy's column.
I have no idea what that is.
Thank you so much, Mike.
Jim DeFeedy, I thought, was going to be a good columnist.
Maybe like once a year.
Like the other guys down here.
Maybe once twice a year, they write something worthwhile and the rest of it is pure crap.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Moca-Color brother calling you.
All right.
It's missing two things I want to ask you.
A couple of weeks ago, it was the last week that Greg Reak came on the radio as one of the apology for Condoleezza.
Is that a little policy now where you can't talk about her or something like that?
No.
I'll say it again.
I haven't changed my opinion about her.
In fact, even worse, after the president came out with his University of Michigan business and his stand on the front of action.
And she kind of waffled around and said, well, I agree with him.
But, you know, Reese is the factor.
But, but, you know, it goes to show exactly where she's coming from.
I haven't changed my mind at all.
But again, that's out of my hands.
I used to love that Condoleezza.
I hate it.
Won't be here.
No, Mo.
Well, I hate to kiss the niggas the morning, but I love that.
Well, you won't be here.
You need to want them.
No, Mo.
No.
No.
No.
And you want to know why, sir, because freedom is speech is dead in this country.
Of course.
Well, how do you politically correct?
The Nazis have taken over.
And it is an ironic that Germany, Germany and France will probably save us from this cowboy.
How do you like that?
What does that tell you?
Huh.
And another thing, as far as what's the prime minister name in England?
Tony Blair?
Tony Blair?
Tony Blair.
Yeah.
It's funny how when Tickles and Offers, all these right wingers hated him like poison.
Now the sun, he's the grill.
He's standing with Bush.
He's graceiest England in all the other stuff they're talking about.
I'm Tony Blair.
Bush has got naked pictures of Tony Blair and Prince Charlie.
And that's the only reason he's sucking around.
It has to be.
Hey, keep up the periodicals, man.
Oh, one more thing.
The karaoke hour.
Great idea.
Yeah.
What about who rap music be allowed?
Sure.
Why not?
We have to learn a little bit, though.
Hey, there will no curse words.
All right.
See you.
All right.
That's not a bad idea.
What are we going to do that?
Maybe on Moe Show can't hurt.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a ATAT.
A very weak performance by the Saudi.
It's on the Monday after the Super Bowl.
That's because they're all drunk.
They're all hungover.
I'll pissed off because they lost their ass because they bet Oakland, which I tried to tell you.
I gave you the exact score like with a minute and a half to go, which is already needed anyway.
I gave you Tampa Bay 34 Oakland 21.
And then so they scored a couple of interceptions.
They ran back as Rich Ganon showed his true colors there at the end of the game.
So they made Ran it up 48.
As John Grooton stuffed it down their throats and obviously enjoyed doing it.
I've gone there, John.
And these people, they listen to the experts on this radio station.
You know what I'm saying?
The mad dog.
Hey, guys.
With New Year now in full swing, now's the time to act on a new high-paying career.
Fast rain is holding a free career seminar tomorrow night at its Kendall Miami for Lauderdale
and Pemberpines locations.
This is a free seminar, FR-EEE-free.
Call 1-866-Fast-Train Reservoir Seat.
That's 866-Fast-Train.
Make 2003 the year that you're in a high-paying computer job.
If you're overworked underpaid in a real craft job, go in no place working for a real butt plug.
This could be the most important 50 minutes you ever spend in your life.
Fast-Train can have you certified and ready for that dream job in just four short months.
Call Fast-Train to check this out. Call Tool-Free.
1-866-Fast-Train.
And don't forget they got convenient day evening weekend classes waiting on you.
Call 1-866-Fast-Train Reservoir Seat for tomorrow night for directions to the Fast-Train.
You just go to FastTrain.com and you'll be well on your way to a new high-paying computer career.
Fast-Train South Florida's leader in computer training.
My name is Paul. This is 4356.
You way, you way.
God!
Is she really trying to help you in a big way?
Well, there she is. Let's ask her.
Betty!
Is that the Dom's train you're wearing?
Gee, must be great at making with him.
Is he picking you up after Moss today?
By the way, where's your hero?
We met at a Refinery.
He turned around and smiled at me.
He gets a picture.
Yes, we see.
That's when I fell apart.
The leader of the wreck.
He loves to lend those scots, love it down.
Down, down, down.
Big day he came from the wrong side of town.
What did he say?
He came from the wrong side of town.
It told me he was the world.
Never shake the shower.
I changed to the tower.
That's why I fell for the leader of the wreck.
One day my dad said find someone new.
I had to tell my son down.
What do you mean?
What do you mean?
I told him I couldn't wait for him to go ahead and bump away.
That's when he shot me.
The leader of the wreck.
No, don't touch the gap.
No!
No!
Well, 14 to 5.
20 to 10.
There's a beast in the studio.
You have to do in the updates.
Oh, you're going to be doing the updates.
So, what are clocking in today?
Where's the mad dog?
Is he here yet with Carlos's $20?
They lost to me on Friday.
Pick it Oakland.
Nice going, mad dog.
Boy, oh boy.
What a loser.
Here's the fact that this is the biggest problem most people have with George is that he's not you.
From one of our chronic factors.
I like George and think that he does a good job when you're on vacation.
I would just rather listen to you as a half or a year is now.
Tell George to make the plunge and snip the end of that coheba.
That's what it says.
And then after that coheba.
And after that it says.
That's what it was sound like.
That's what it says.
He says snip it.
That's right.
I'm not going to use it anymore anyway.
So right away speaking about Bill, what's his name?
O'Reilly in that business about George Clooney.
First of all, who cares what Bill O'Reilly thinks about anybody?
Number one.
Susan McDougall speaking out.
Finally, which is on our website on eomarkers.com today.
This is the story of people ought to be concerned about not Bill O'Reilly opening up his stupid right wing mouth again.
See, this is the idea of attack, attack, attack.
Everybody who doesn't agree when goose step in the line.
Attack, attack.
And that's where it comes down to.
It says for years Susan McDougall didn't talk not to prosecutors.
Not about Bill Clinton's role in a questionable land leo called white water.
For her son when she'd spent 18 months in jail for contempt of court.
Plus three and a half months for fraud.
She tells CBS News Correspondent Jim Stewart.
It wasn't an easy time.
It was not an easy time.
She's talked, she repeats herself.
But now she's telling her story and the woman who wouldn't talk.
You could call him McDougall's revancers.
It's more than a life story.
He says it's a bitter indictment of White House independent council, Candace Star, who led the battle to get her to speak.
The pictures of her arrest in handcuffs and leg chains made her a public-appitable figure.
Stewart remarks.
And McDougall tells him the shackling was tough to take.
I wasn't prepared for that.
I couldn't swallow.
I remember the tears came to my eyes and kept saying, don't you dare cry.
This was a choice you made.
But she says she we didn't have a choice.
She claims Star's team wasn't interested in hearing the truth.
They wanted her to accuse Bill and Hillary Clinton the fraud.
I believe they thought they had the goods enough to get them, she says, not the truth but the goods.
And I believe they went after him with untruthful witnesses with purge her testimony and I think they had their story.
Jail time for McDougall was hard time.
Some of it spent in America's toughest women's prisons like one in California where she was kept an isolation.
They called it the Hannibal Lecter Sills, she says.
Absolutely some proof you could see out.
You could see in totally glass.
But she still wouldn't talk nothing.
I didn't tell them anything.
She was finally released in 1998.
She said she never heard from Bill Clinton until the end of his presidency when he pardoned her.
What would you say to him, Stewart?
Ask thank you for my pardon. God bless you.
No animosity.
No, the only animosity I had is for the people who tortured us.
There's been no comment from Ken Star McDougall's story, Stewart ads.
As for McDougall, he says she's back in Arkansas.
Trying to pick up the pieces of her life.
That's the kind of fascist you're dealing with in Washington, ladies and gentlemen.
The people like Ken Star, the witch hunt crowd on the right.
Oh, George Clooney is this.
And this one is that.
And Scott Riddy, you know how just that story about his arrest, how they just came out just recently?
Right.
Just attack and attack and attack.
Anybody who dares not to go step in line.
That's what you got now.
Freedom of speech, my ass.
And that guy that called a couple of days ago, oh gee, how can you be so negative about President Bush?
He's the best thing to come down in a long time.
Well, I got news for it.
That's the case. We're in deep crap.
If he's the best thing we got.
Boy, how is it possible for the be so many stupid people in one place?
Of course, you know, what her seats at home level, you know how that works.
Here's a call from Palm Beach. Hello.
How you doing, man?
Okay, sir.
I really like George.
I think he's show when he was on when your obligation was pretty cool.
Not better than this one.
Nah, nah, but.
Oh, fan, what are you talking about?
George is good.
He has the gift of pissing people off, man.
Right. He had a preacher on there. He sparred with him.
It was good stuff.
You had a preacher on the show?
No, that was like as a guest somebody called.
Oh, all day. And he's just was killing me, man.
Excellent. He's a good guy.
He's okay.
All right.
Not great. He's okay.
Have a good one.
I think there's a guy sticking up for him.
I mean, this guy's like stoned out of his ass, but that's what we like that.
I don't know if that's my crowd. It's your crowd.
All right.
Stoned off his ass.
Probably on his way to Amsterdam.
Probably gonna hang out behind Central Station.
With all those drug addicts, all those scumbags, those subhuman, whatever they are.
Now you won't.
He'll be right there on the dam rack where he used to be.
What's the name of that place? That restaurant?
I was still there.
Demarkies. Don't eat it to Marquis if you go to Amsterdam.
Please, if you go there, don't play me.
Demarkies.
Fah.
Even the Dutch say that.
Fah.
513 votes on George's poll today.
It's only 12.19.
That's a pretty damn hefty total considering we started.
This was the second poll today.
Aren't we glad that we schmitcanned that first one?
No, I do that. That was so weak.
That was so weak over.
Huh?
But that's just me.
Just you what?
I thought I would have been there.
No, no, it isn't because it had to do with a Super Bowl.
It's after the fact. It's dull. It's boring.
It's like people have talked about sporting events long after they're done.
You know, like people are continuing to rewatch the last minute of the hurricane.
So how is state game?
I mean, get a life.
Get a life.
Of course, these are the same people that play golf twice on a weekend.
But anyway.
Seriously, if that's the best you could do with your life was go out.
Go to go fully loaded gun.
What did you do yesterday? I played golf.
What? Well, at least they were.
Yeah, but I played golf with Brett Hall.
Aren't you impressed?
I played golf with Bobby Orr.
513 votes. Why do you hate George so much?
I wonder if rumor voted on this speaking of playing golf with Bobby Orr.
He's boring. I schmit 180.
In fact, if we just have one that says I hate him like poison on like a personal level,
remember what a vote of that, which is why he's never going to buy you that lunch.
I think the main reason he's not going to buy it unless he's because he's so cheap.
Yeah, you're welcome by the way, remember for doing that work for him.
What were you doing for that whole thing that got me the lunch in the first place supposedly?
What was that?
Remember, somebody was mad mounting his son and I listened to hours of tapes and dubbed it off.
Oh, yeah, he didn't have to ball suit.
Yeah, this is the same guy that don't have the balls to help us get our money back from somebody he recommended to me,
which I don't want to mention the name on here.
Oh, I'm going to do it today.
Yeah, right.
Well, listen, when you live in a $900,000 house like he's, you don't have to worry about losing whatever he lost.
So you should have tipped me off about him.
Oh, you know, this Jeff Heiss neighbor, you know what we're going to do to you seriously.
And we're going to send Jeff Heiss to your house and just have him sit on you.
That's all. That's all I'll tell you.
Maybe he's done that already.
Maybe he likes it.
I think I left a letter out of that.
Sit on you.
Put whatever one in there.
You know, you know, that old saying I wouldn't sit on the best part of him.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, I didn't finish the pool here.
He's boring.
I schmidd 183.
I don't hate him.
He's okay.
139.
I don't.
I love George 94.
I don't.
He's an asset that will speak 43.
He's an anti-semit.
18.
Oi!
Too much mumbling 17.
Too much eating ass dog 17.
And too much religion talk 10.
So the religion talk, they don't mind that.
There are only 10 votes on that.
They like it.
Oh, they love it.
As far as where else in the country can you hear it's got nothing new with writer left
and it's got where else can you hear in the country somebody talking the truth about the
religious bullcrap about the biggest tax-free scam in the world organized religion.
Bullcrap.
When it costs you money to believe in anything, you know, it's a scam.
It's bullony.
I think it's the biggest spark of all the security technology.
Although I do like good bullony without the editives.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, Pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T line.
His western, hello.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
One a lot of money this last night.
So I'm pretty happy about that.
Excellent.
That's right.
Good.
Alright.
That's the definition.
I'm going to see if we're going to see a lot of the off star gamer watch.
No.
You're not coming, huh?
I don't go to All Star.
I want to make a submission game.
are all star games because they're a baloney there's no hitting there's no
nothing it's just uh... what's the point
the black and right game
it's not even that it's just uh... waste of time
that's possible
i mean i'm not that's just for me i mean if you go and have a great time i'm
you know see all those
top players and everything that's fine assuming the ones that show up on
the roof mirror is playing or not but good luck
i sure but you think of it to be the same thing with what they did like a
phone that run again with this crap that the weather's telling that they killed
them but they didn't kill them and then they're gonna do the same thing with
both for that was being where they're going to where he's going to be in a
a
way to make a mistake you know some of your mom and the rest of that
although you have a lot of right-wingers are saying that they did
based on based based on what
well based on based on the day said that once they got all those bombs and the
uh... into the uh...
into the barricades and it's a bit of bunkers
the bunkers that i thought that i had a time for when i was something else
in the case yeah
uh... pack is not
up yet
while those same people are saying that you was killed jesus so what they know
that's true
have a great day
thank you for that
work up to think of the list of videos since uh... all that
how do you know when that video was made just because he was talking about who
on the super bowl right
maybe he was pression
they started ww one other starting all over again
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the eight t and t and rise of our last night does anybody have any idea what
i'm talking about including me that's why i love the show
because it's incoherent for that woman said i talk too fast too bad lady
although she remembers pressure
probably
she probably members i was talking about the who killed jesus you probably
remembers that
she was around eyewitness
she was in the crowd well she's perfect for down here okay this is not a place
for living in breathing people this is a place for the walking dead
make no mistake about it
what am i doing the spot for now not even time well i'm going to hurry to get
out of here okay why did you do last thirty five minutes
disgusted with the ambiance of the show today although the polls get the
spectacular result but i knew it would
just a chance to take a cheap shot at one of us that's all it is
just a chance to take a cheap shot at somebody and rip and tear and
uh...
man
have a nice day a no i want bad
that's the response you get here
what if i don't want to get right
who now you tell me what to do
here's a lady in pepper pines hello
i need a yes man
listen i wanted to tell you how much i i i do enjoy jorge when you're not there
he's
he's different
he is different he's definitely different
and in this town believe me it's it
were desperate
the judges great
also i'm in it
i'm in the middle of the
my arbitrar rating book great
and i have a theory on why the spanish stations are always number one
yeah
you know in the arbitrar rating book
all the directions and everything
the first
the first instructions are in spanish
and i'm
i swear to god and have to search
for the english explanation
so i think that what they do is they send out
you know all these and not only that but you are aware of the fact that the
ethnics uh... his panics and blackstake if five bucks for diaries of what
what are you getting two bucks or a book
i got a book when i first got the letter and then i got three bucks when i
got the actual diary really
that sounds like discrimination to me it is
well who can i talk to about that
uh... the white house
all right i'll be sure to do that we love you don't forget
okay thanks
but we always say that to people you know we don't not try to go set up a little
but what i don't know
you bet
in any language no matter how you said
don't we love her a lot
and you're giving the kids before you had a diary now give you like to
give you a pair
twenty six past noon at five sixty w two m the twenty dollar lighter gym
manage his wall is going to be led to effective made a bunch of other
bets like that which i'm sure he did
i bet you lost sixteen pounds over the weekend it's all in a wallet
the old mad dog he's british bucks he's going to be matter than a wet uh...
hen
because he just sold a temp of a bucket of your short the mad dog or the angry
puppy get out of here you silly old kut
you know another year is coming on it's a new year i mean the month is almost
over but it's still a new year and you want to knew you
what is regalia's going to bring another twenty bucks for call us everybody's
chip in the day we're taking up a fun for carlos he started at the okay
give him some money you're loaded
anyway if you want to get that house looking brand new at least in the carpeting
side of things
call our good friends at dry
dry concepts
it's Carlos is feeling the change now the Miguel just gave him
come on in here let me see if i can feel the change
anyway with dry concepts they before my magic trick right on your floor
rite can't simply people in the world to do this
they drive clean your carpeting your drapes your expensive area rugs
and when they finish a job that you just won't believe if you never had a
many house before you'll agree with me
it's like a miracle right in your home
because they leave everything looking just like brand new and spelling
lemony fresh your carpets are just a couple of hours
and they'll rip off see their cuz they give you a written guaranteed price
upfront before they start doing a job
so don't forget when it's time to clean your carpeting a post-reload the furniture
or it's time to give it a pet orders and mildew orders caused by water damage
these are the people do a miraculous job at an unbeatable guaranteed written
price in your home
i've been using in my house for over 20 years everybody i know
even my picky relatives use dry concepts and you should be doing the same
call them toll free from any place one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one
one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one
or you can check them out on their website to a dry concepts dot com
don't forget clean today you can entertain tonight when you use dry concept
my life
hello this is 43560
you way
you way
i'm to get it on
welcome back to the glittering pageantry of the mojava de davidashore
we have a full duck at today
including the cavalcade of our articulate athlete of yours
you know that pipe smoke is still at it
what what what singing those songs make it funnami
they make funnami all the time i don't know why they don't adore me
yeah dear everything will be alright mo
get your hands off me a fairy you're queer
yet to jumper real man don't touch only during the game
yes master
they want singing i'll give them singing
get on a piano over there okay mo
now hit it
back in my day men were straight
the end day is up today
that's why i can't tolerate
this gosh lit days
spoils were in day back day
no stop it you're more on what's the matter mo
my wing fell off again okay all right where were we
what holes were in game after
i'll take it from here the guys that like to worship men
good thing we will see more in your way than not of my dad
didn't mean to soothbrush Dave did this
or to tickle her retained
jesus christ i really hate jesus god's wing guys
up the butt call thirty two and five sixty thanks kildi
we got the mad dog he's still out in the building boy he sure prolonging the
agony isn't he he's just hanging probably up in the parking lot sitting in his
car squeezing it and his wallet too
here's a call from plantation hello
yeah go drag reggae stocks okay
okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T
see he wants to be a drop in uh i know now if you're going to want to be a
drop in i mean can't you do better than that no that's weak
weak
here's a call from jupiter hello hi nia
hello hi little tribute song here and i hope it brightens your day
it's another day in paradise on the niel roger show while
george is making minimum wage niel makes the big big doe
now niel is a gale faggin excuse that potty word
how to do a song while keel in time waiting for the early bird
yeah not bad give it about a seven and a half on a scale of three not too bad
i could have been the rest radio key hour that right that could have been the
best call we've had all day if you ask me one of them is in the running
five six seven we got twenty seven minutes to kill i know you people can do it
i'm not going to be easy put your nose to the grindstone and get your hand on the
phone squeeze it yanket download up five six seven
oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight t and t and horizon wireless line
we're gonna make you want to not be all the way through the search party for a mad dog
what'd be something we called in sick today i was thinking like Joe rose in the
managed like in the mornings you know hey the mad dog coming in in the eight to ten
part Joe in the mad dog is just a thought
here's my me lake hello yeah hi niel yes sir great show yes it is
let's find this let's nela i i'm sitting here watching the market pretty much not too
good i see that i'm taking another precipitous decline and i got to ask myself how
long of the american people going to watch bush and his friends sack the treasury
be tell out of me at least another two years they can take they're going to take everything
yeah they're going to take every dime and i got i got a suggestion for a poll okay how many of the
unemployed who voted for bush would do so again how many unemployed do you think voted for bush
uh a bunch put them in a phone mode really i think so yeah it's like they've lost like millions
of jobs mm-hmm plus the people who felt that they were going to like we're tearing about six months
another going to work until about 90 right and you remember the misery index yeah i wonder how
that doing now i wonder if it's open up the window i think you can smell it i wonder if it's as big
as it was under his father well i haven't checked that out yet okay look good luck to you sir
there's a guy that's all whipped up about our president and rightfully so rightfully so
and that guy just asked ari flyshitter a question about the bush policy on on uh uh abstinence
this ridiculous sex education centering and focusing on abstinence as opposed to birth control
which the right wingers and the cantler church aren't too crazy about all those condoms huh
we don't want to be handed out condoms we don't want to educate young people just keep it in your
pants just like Nancy Reagan said just say no yeah that worked didn't it no
this is what you're getting man it wasn't good enough 23 years ago now we're going back through
part two again didn't like those eight years of unprecedented prosperity didn't like all those
budget surpluses no we didn't like that let's see here's another fracks about you it says George
is not knowledgeable enough to be anti-semitic oh this has got to be from yeah George thinks he knows
about religion talks about her all the time like a boar he doesn't even know that Judaism is not a
religion it's worship of the Hebrew race what huh maybe it's meets me with a folly name here
with a phony name spelled CHRLY Charlie without the e phony if you're going to use a phony name at least
spell it right okay time plus George sounds gay and stoned in his nose is blocked up that might be
it like sunny fox two guys who I noticed over the years have got that same sunny fox and rick rolly
no seriously it sounds like their noses are plugged up doesn't like they have a sinus thing okay no
let me let me prove it to you listen nasal uh hi this is sunny fox I listen to your Rogers because I
can hear the word asshole you hear that okay that like uh and word and I thought everything was
under see you got into so many damn places you ignorant slut yeah or like uh pulled out my floppy
we just covered that we just covered okay we still don't like it I mean now we don't like it
I mean he didn't call that one day and he was sucking around a fill in for you and he just
sucking around because I just was asking that rhetorically not seriously at all of course because I
know these teeth as he's won't be him they don't even want to pay you but he didn't call after Mike
died right there was a suds it did that and Richon you know Terry Griffin
Richon did it gratuitously because he's sucking around a fill in for it a muscle in here a little bit
he could do like from now to one would be okay come on Rick what do you say come in here and
finish off the show I love this show yeah you just you just don't like him you don't want to admit it
I on the other hand five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty you got a lot of votes on here
George I totally this pull over bigger than god damn Mary Turner more five hundred and fifty seven
votes oh wow so while a response on the phone is pretty god damn weekend lame today which it's
Monday it's after the Super Bowl they don't have a lot to talk about we we had to cut them off
of the pass on those businesses that are out of business which we've had about 40 of those they
tried to sneak those in here today do we want to hear any more of those no no in fact just out of
spite we're going to go out and start rebuilding all those places just to take them off the list
here's Miami hello yeah sir hey I thought a Hebrew race was a marathon in tamarang
exactly by the way you said something before I actually played golf with Brett Ho did you really
yes I did not over there by rumors house that Lagoros where's that that's in Miami Beach oh that
was quite a while there the rumors over in Davie now he's got a golf course behind him oh there's
Brett Ho play over there and there's this one and there's that one big deal this was a while back
why you play golf I like it why it's a beautiful sport that's a beautiful game don't say sport
without a sport well go out and walk for four hours and see if you tell me if it's a sport or not
walking for four hours is a sport absolutely when you're swinging a club a hundred times oh boy
woo and by the way I missed this cane dog track yeah me too so yes so does Ken Maulton how about
okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 team Verizon wireless line
what's his score if he's swinging the club a hundred times he don't score that's why he's
out there playing golf kill him time kill him time people with too much idle time in a
hands play a lot of golf oh I was out there playing golf with Brett Ho I can't stand Brett Ho
okay how do you like that sir I don't care Brett Ho play sculpting on rumors house every god damn
from now until next book is I don't like Brett Ho I don't like his attitude I don't like the
TV plays for I don't like any of the teams he ever played for how do you like that
Brett Ho hey Brett coxle hois baby and all you phony red wing fans out there with your red wings
here's he's out front running phones phones makes me nauseous
I'm gonna make you sick here stuck what and you know who we never heard from again she'll ever call
again Esther Esther after you ripped her an ass so many times why cuz she's fat and she's got a
nose pressed up against the god damn glass down like yeah maybe like patonia pig you said that not
me you said that all the broads that are down to before the games that had their nose pressed
up their glass when the players come up couldn't get laid in the pickle patch you said that I never
had you didn't believe and you used her like as a poster child I was terrible you'd lie in
sack of crap yeah yeah and what's your point how's her friend Janet doing they hate you like
poison by the way let's see you let's look at I he's okay or he I love George 40 look at that
45.7 you're almost up to 46% but that still leaves you under 50% oh man and I'm supposed to build
up the audience again if you want and not only that but how about December when I took that to
I'm never doing that again I do that two years and arrived on that like to benefit them do I get
a gratitude from them do they appreciate it no because I take the two weeks together when
there are ratings going on so I can do the entire fall book and pretty much the entire winter book
right do I get anybody saying oh we sure appreciate the fact you know I don't want to take two
weeks together like that in December at any time I can take like from the 20th till the rest of
time you know that that's fine that's to me that's one week you know the way I do my vacations
about 42 days a week what's wrong with that look at look at Hank thanks out there in San Diego all
week last week Pungent is guts at the track he gets to go to the Super Bowl last night he's doing
a show in Vegas today taking off tomorrow because he's got to travel back in his good post but he
gonna fill in tomorrow and more power to him we love fat Hank on his show even please lose some weight
please don't you agree with me please no seriously I mean I go away for a little while for a
couple of months and I come back it's like I got to be here just like fat rich I got to stand over
these guys because
it's
what it is
on hopper losing answer to 19 to one at five sixty WQM hey speaking of that how about talking about food
again see that's the problem we're always talking about food but we do enjoy delicious foods from
florist florist has been in that same great location for about what six seven hundred years now
all you people want to dwell on the places that are out of business here's good news for
great place that's still in business whether it's eating in taking out or calling for delivery
everything out of florist kitchen is made fresh to order from the homemade dough for the pizza and
garlic rolls to the fabulous sauces made fresh and never from a can I can't stay when they scoop
it out of the can can you great pasta specials nightly and the pizza specials are amazingly
reasonable only eleven ninety nine for large cheese pizza with a half a dozen garlic rolls and
liter of soda thirteen nine nine gives you a large cheese pie liter of soda and six chicken wings
at florist but try the homemade meat lasagna it's just oozing with melted cheese
oozing I think they took all the cheese that dolls had left over and they got you get all of that
and then some I love oozing melted cheese and they got stuff to do for the kids to while you're
eating they got all kinds of games and stuff you love the casual come as you are atmosphere at florist
they're open seven days a week for lunch dinner parties and catering column at three oh five seven
five eight fifty three fifty one in fact while you're eating just let the kids run loose and play
in the neighborhood there florist there's the aspect of the idea seven five eight fifty three
fifty one or eat right there seventy nine three just two blocks east of biscayne boulevard come see
what a hero called for us one of the great Italian restaurants in the universe call florist pizza
be sure and tell me Neil and George and Carlos and everybody else sent you by they delivered a
quesart cricket club jockey club Miami shores as far south on biscayne as thirty four street north
hundred thirty fifth well west and northwest twelve street east of columns and seventy first you got
all was written down good florist be sure and call him tonight five and a look off this is five
six you're all yours you win
oh no what date and brother and now it's time for leave it to azi starring Barbara Billingsley
as June cleaver Hugh Beaumont as Ward Cleaver and the irrepressible aziaz born as the aaz
oh good morning azi oh you mom oh dear i can see someone woke up on the wrong side of the van
oh to bloody hell i can't believe i must be ahead of her what a f*** is Sharon
sir who's Sharon is that one of your friends from school deer
oh good morning azi oh f*** you dad get out of me fight now azi that's no way to talk to your father
say son what have you got planned for today we may have got planned for today what
i don't know since when the prince of dog has to hand out a f***ing our tenor
i'm gonna go fight the head over the boss of any hospital how's that you have fun now okay i think
yeah sure one of f***ing yourself we hope you enjoyed this episode of leave it to azi tune in next week
when you hear azi say f***ing of you enjoy it but not as much as okay calm down azi not as much as the
pepsi spots 1247 at five sixty wcm is mad dog in a building yet no got that twenty at Carlos
no we're waiting we're hanging on it here's key largo hello oh yes sir hey buddy boy
uh... long time listener since around about nineteen eighty seven okay you would be around about fifteen years
sixteen like i said sixteen right and who's counting there he wait a minute hang on a second there's my
man there's the great you manage with a quick give it to Carlos he's taking it we're gonna frame that
and you know i don't want to say he's a hard ass but how could you possibly he just he just want
to give us the money it's not like on he why what he say i'll tell you off here okay
ha ha ha ha ha ha look how red in the face he is i would be too after a thrashing like that what
did i tell you about rich gain and most overrated quarterback ever to put on a god damn jockstrap go
ahead sir i'm sorry go ahead i'm sorry you know i have to pause your house pal listen to me okay i'm
glad he finally came in with twenty dollar bill that's what you've been talking to you i want to see
how old the twenty years to look like it was like he had it wrapped up in his back door probably
as old as he is but are probably twenty more years hey i uh you remember the donut guy
the donut guy from around about eighty you mean the uh the uh wait man yovan
pardon me yovan oh remember the donut guy i used to call you and give you crap that's me the
the windshield guy yeah yeah yovan that was the windshield that's you it's me right
which those donuts exactly and then crispy queen came along and you got out of your system
because they went out of business good well see that's the reason i guess you won't be doing that
again sir it says i won't okay have a great day i don't know i won't request but it boy 15
16 years listen to you may i may ask one request go ahead all right that's okay i'll play it but go
ahead i understand by the uh listen to me the full Henry was doing a bottle of a bit and then he
got at the end of it and start banging a shoe against the are you sure yeah remember no i have no idea
what he was telling me sure yeah on you can eat negro yeah we don't have to do much you started
banging a shoe against the the table yeah but wait yeah but wait a second right can you play a
buddy boy buddy boy not today no no not today buddy boy for all these days five six seven oh five
sixty don't interrupt buddy boy okay now this guy has read look if you think he was bad today
david's bitch McDonald's is cutting the fat in their fries but here at McDougals we're
upping the fat why eat healthy when you can enjoy those good old grease soaked artery clogging french
fries at McDougals
McDougals has doubled the fat doubled the flavor and doubled the size of our fries now try McDougals
double death wish combo a burger and soft drink with five pounds of McDougals double fat fries
reduce 99 cents as McDougals knows what every ignorant uneducated greasy hair acne face
poor fat slob loves get a free McDougals all supplies last did somebody mention McDougals
254 at five five sixty wqm McDeth I love it senator hillary rondon clinton launched a blistering
critique of the bush administration domestic anti terror effort Friday saying the new
nation's a nation's new homeland security plan is a myth and the country's only marginally
safer than it was before nine eleven our people remain vulnerable nearly as vulnerable as we
were before nine eleven the New York Democrat told an audience attending a homeland security conference
at john j college of criminal justice in Manhattan we've relied on a myth of homeland security
a myth written in rhetoric inadequate resources and the new bureaucracy instead of relying on good old
fashion american ingenuity might and muscle she said the truth is we're not prepared we're not
supporting our first responders and our approach to securing our nation is haphazard at best she said
somewhere along the line we lost our edge we let our guard down is what she said and she is
and you notice now how all of a sudden the gloves are off and this teflon business now that the
uh... popularity ratings are done like fifty four fifty five percent
the teflon is like falling apart it always does great what a shame
better late than ever highly a hello
yes sir hey new how you doing good as one say that George is awesome and you guys make the
station we agree we agree with all our daily
uh... i'm a hoolie from highly and i just want to say i've been listening to you since i've been
fourteen years old all right and you guys are awesome right thanks a lot of me go all right
thank you i see you later okay this is a great self-job from highly a toward the cause of my
lear the best and i tell you that i've always told that's how that's by test breast good guy
loves you and he loves me like crazy and he survived he's been listening to this show since he was
fourteen years old and he's still alive how do you like that it's about all you maniacs out there
to talk about you listen to that it'll write your brain yeah you should look so long look at a
votes on this thing for one thing about George man like i said there's no manby pambi
do they i don't care what they say about he's okay and on it's
anyway why do you hate George so much we have to do because he started to take it personally
to get a little bit upset he's boring as shmit 200 people said you're boring 34 percent boring
which you can't help that it's just you i'll try i mean even when it comes in the morning before
the show he's there bye bye bye i think brown are you boring i don't hate him he's okay 156
i don't hate him i love George 114 so put those two together got 45.7 percent
you're approaching 46 percent which of course leaves a little more than 54 percent who have
like some magical things to say toward you for example he's a nasty little spick 48
too much eating ashtag 22 he's an anti-semit 20 20 20 too much mumbling 17 and too much religion
talk only 12 so i think if you go by this next time you're on a lot more religion talk mumble it
and uh... ripped the Jews but other than that huh well you got a little
a lot of always told eating Jewish ass there you go there's the great topic for
George's next appearance on the show eating Jewish ass uh for pedalston in uh
fun and profit and of course if you're doing a talk show while you're eating Jewish ass you
tend to mumble yeah always try to time don't talk with your mouthful so anyway what did mad dog
call me the second part was a lot sucker come on mad dog
all red in the face yeah of course i have no problem with that
no problem that whatsoever
i heard he knows time Brady up close impersonals matter fact maybe introduces
but the fact of the matter is it was like taking candy from a baby
you know what you know what really grows down to see last year he didn't like the
patriots you want to know why jealousy see i find this trait in this time to be
very is one thing if you want to feel that way it doesn't cost you any money
and it's good thing he's not one of our big degenerate sports nerd gamblers like
a lot of the other people on the station because he'd be broke he'd be
barring money he wants a 20 back from Carlos he knows how it would wrinkled up
and dusty that thing was he gave you and the money too
but last year it didn't like the patriots because of jealousy oh they got lucky in the
Oakland game that he cocked that he took it to the uh
stick it because of the fact that it's not not that often see in the
fc east so it's a jealousy factor wasn't us it was them this year it's Tampa Bay
who's in florida see being a Florida team
and not being the dolphin so therefore that he's allowing his emotions to cloud his judgment
and when you're talking about gambling about making a tangible uh
gesture you can't do that follow what i'm saying what do you say
and would be like go into the track you go to the track you vote on the cute lady jockey okay
because she's cute that's i mean she's gonna win the race
right see what i'm saying but she's cute but you saw in other words you'd like to put a few
bucks on a rass but that's beside the point do it after the race so my point being it was like
taking candy from a baby anybody who really knows the game anybody who saw the way that that team
12 and 400 regular season just awesome unbelievable the offensive powerhouse crushed rich
cannon like a like stepping on an ant like stepping on a net
and yeah they got 21 points but one of them was the uh the block Tommy Tupa who's
he's the weak link on Tampa Bay you read it Tommy Tupa he plays more like Darren Pupa Tommy Tupa
that one blocked punt running for a touchdown right away and then of course Jerry Rice they felt
sorry for Jerry because he's on a way out so they you know left him wide open he gets a touchdown
late in the game but other than that as kicking baby and Carlos has got a big smile on his
post the easiest $20 you will ever make in your life like i said okay mad dog and i're gonna
be doing some schedule switching here pretty soon anyway he's coming along next you got
hang from Vegas at three and then after that you're on your own bye bye bye
if i'm gonna suck on something it's not gonna be an oyster
