In his payroll, he doesn't between the period gives all the scores and whatever up there on a big good diamond scoreboard with a squeaky voice. How about Keldie?
Is he also not allowed since he's an employee of this radio station does the morning show with more every morning?
Is he not allowed to express his opinion about the trade or anything else?
Or do we all have to go step in line like Michael Russo, fat little pudwacker, Michael Russo, and write about, oh Matt Cullen is great and this is really good.
You're an idiot, Mike. You can at least you're consistent. You've got any idea what you're writing about?
Sandis Oreslens was wasn't playing good anymore but of course it was my keen and that played him into the ground and overplayed him was his fault.
So it blamed out on him and by the way Sandis Oreslens just closed on a house a few days ago down here.
You don't think the organization knew that he had just closed on a house and didn't go to him and say, don't buy a house.
Not so fast. We're considering or we're thinking maybe, yeah, did they do that? No.
And you could see by the staying ovation he got what he was introduced and how embarrassed he was just to be there by the way.
He had to force him into showing up.
You know, you fooled the fans here at one time too many, okay Alan Cohen? And this thing right here, it's like saying, well you hate it when he's single but he has no team anymore.
So now we got a fresh new start. We're going to go out there. We're going to spend money. Did they do it? Did they spend the POP L money? No.
No. I mean, it's tragic. How many times do you think you can keep slapping people in the face and having them come back and spend that kind of money for an inferior product?
And everybody on the CBC telecast of the All Star Game yesterday basically virtually everyone said this trade sends the message that the theme is given up for this season.
They've written off any chance for the playoffs. They've given up. Well, that's not a message the public wants to get.
And this guy goes on the year toaster whoever the hell he is. I guess he's the he's the successor to Omelet. I guess.
Yeah, who's going to be next after they get rid of him? Cinnamon Roll? POP TART. POP TART. That's not bad. Keep that in mind Paul. I know you're listening right now. That's right. They're still on the year, aren't they?
Are they? If they probably do six to 10 like all other morning shows on real radio stations, they probably do six to 10.
I should point out to you by the way that email that started all that crap this morning wasn't about me.
Wasn't about to show wasn't even about that particular bit.
And yet somehow that conversation got carried along. Neil Rogers says this and you are just said because that's basically what we got now as an orchestration of all the Dennis and all the anti-neils who pretend not to have a sense of humor not to understand.
Dennis, you've heard an anti-Semite by the way who's very upset that it's only when the Jews get picked on that you people get upset but anybody else.
Didn't we have the story about the rabbi up there who in the Bokeh River was who was molesting the kids and went to jail? Didn't we have that story? Sure.
Yeah. And about the other rabbi or candor whatever it was that was soliciting sex from that kid on the internet. Didn't we have that story? Yeah.
So you see if we can just get a lot more rabbi's in the candors and other Jewish men of the cloth to start molesting children maybe then they'll get as much present as much air time as the Catholic Church Dennis. Maybe that'll passify it.
So far we don't see that happening. In fact we got a new one today speaking of the Catholic Church which former resident of Boyz Town Files sex abuse lawsuit on the Hanna Braskable get to that.
But it just reached the point I mean here again here's a guy that expresses his point of view you're fired you can't say those things you're on the payroll of the organization.
I'll tell you one thing Wayne Hasingo as bad as he is was never any worse than what I'm seeing there now.
The faces change in that organization but the thin skinned uptight we can't take any criticism we want to manipulate everything you say that mentality is just as strong now as it ever has been.
Ever has been. How many years in a row do you think you can keep going along and selling us the youngsters at which there are some good ones and there are also some stiffs.
The youngsters in the organization you know that bull crap and I'll make the playoffs and have the people keep coming back spend them that kind of money.
So this weekend including yesterday's all starting you know was tremendous but unfortunately now we go back to reality.
Whatever reality is do we know what reality is around here.
No because here at QAM reality is gay.
19 till 10 at 560 WQ Emilio guys size does matter.
And according to the Florida Department of Labor computer professionals have big ones.
We're talking about paychecks that is. According to the state of Florida computer careers are among the highest paid and highest in demand.
Fast train can help you achieve your new high paying computer career in just four short months.
Fast trains got locations all over town so there's about to be one nearby you there in Kendall Miami for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines.
With the evening weekend schedules there's no excuse to say you're dead and job pick up the phone and call fast train toll free at 1-866 fast train.
That's 1-866 fast train they got full time job placement and guaranteed financing.
So call fast train 1-866 fast train or check them out on the web at fast train.com because now you too can have a big one.
My life and love all this is 4.0 560 WQ Emilio.
Beat that data me.
Warning we have mercilessly taken the following material out of context without endorsement or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we reach that goal.
Or at least make a goal.
Tonight on E!
Entertainment television!
Michael I heard you used to use Latoya and Tito for spare parts.
Yes.
But now since they group from Europe's cloning babies you'll be able to clone your own stuff.
Yeah I can't wait.
That is wonderful.
It is wonderful. This is unbelievable.
So what do you want to clone first?
Might know.
Well that's obvious since you've only got a blowhole. What else?
My buttocks thighs, my lower torso.
Tonight on E!
Out of all of your mangled body parts, what could you live without?
My penis.
It's 945 at 560 WQ.
So Tom Jicca.
That must have been an accident.
Slip my name into the questions and answers yesterday.
Question I live in homestead do not hear any browards stations.
Please let me know if anything is going on with Rick and SUDs.
I miss listening to them CT and homestead.
Answer.
Rick and SUDs are still in the area hoping to find a new gig.
NeoRongers keeps their names alive but there are only a few stations in which they would fit and clear channel which let them go owns most of them.
Good answer Tom. That's right.
See that's basically what it's boiled down to in our own Israel business.
And this market is a classic example of that.
You work for people who lie to you and they may call kinds of representations and they jerk you around.
And if you don't like it, well who are you going to go to work for?
Because clear channel owns all the other radio stations.
So take it or lump it.
So not only have they done the list as a tremendous disservice, not only have they eliminated an enormous number of jobs because like that thing we from the hearings of the FCC on Friday talked about, they pump the same syndicated crap into just about every market around the country.
But also the fact is that the people who are left in the business, their choices are just about gone too.
You don't like it here?
See ya. Good luck. Go work for David Ross. That's what it boils down to.
So they've destroyed this business every possible aspect of it for the listener, for the people who work in it, for the people who aspire to be in it.
Nice go on cheap channel, okay? And as far as American suds are concerned, good luck to them. Good luck to whose suds.
Now when they see there you go again, smirking a little bit.
Why do you do that? Why do you always do that? They can't hear you smirking, which is why I always call you on it on the year so they know you're smirking at Rick's fortune?
He's a mick.
There you go again, all you Irishmen out there, protest, protest. I want you to all line up out all the way to God Day Mives, there he wrote. Well, it's not that far, I guess.
Oh, it's picking the media going crazy.
Friday, CNN. Did you see what they were doing? We had the little chase here, luckily everything turned out okay.
With a male truck and the lady a truck driver, who by the way had big balls. Nice going sweet. Archie did it right. She handled herself very well. Thank goodness that's why she's probably still alive.
But right down the road here, practically. In fact, they passed right in front of the station, but they wound up 183 and 27th Avenue.
But not that far from where we're sitting right now, this all unfolded through the afternoon. And it was a very bizarre event with a reasonably happy ending.
Always love it when they get the robot out. They had the robots in their pointing at it. I'm not looking at you. You know that kind of thing.
And I go home and I turn on CNN horror in Miami.
Horror in Miami.
Did you see that? No horror in Miami.
Now, I got to be honest with you. It was an unpleasant story and it was unsettling and especially for the truck male lady.
But it wasn't horrible. Okay, it wasn't like, you know, and especially at a time like this when everybody's really concerned about the potential for another terrorist attack.
Something really horrible, but the media don't ever confuse them because they got to have bigger and bigger headlines. They got a big red, uh,
Shmere doll over your TV screen. That's the way they do it.
Just like that. It's still going on now. It's still going on now about the Columbia.
It's almost 10 o'clock on Monday morning. It's over two full days after the explosion.
We've seen every possible angle. We've heard every possible explanation. We've heard all the talking heads.
Every theory. I got articles. If you go to our website, NASA dismissed advisor who warned about safety.
Experts warned of budget cuts and safety concerns. So there are a lot of people offering their opinions, but in the meantime they don't even have all the pieces yet.
And then how much more do we have to hear about the pieces of the bodies that fell into the yards of the people in Texas?
Do you think we need to hear a little bit more? Maybe we could see some of the pictures on television, uh, of a leg here in a arm there.
What? I mean, what is wrong with you people? You're crazy people.
You're nuts.
And we take the heat here on the show for a few comedy bits because we have people out there who pretend to have no sense of humor, who want to be uptight,
who want, you know, and the thing with Bruce Freming, by the way, I hate to break the news to you. Bruce Freming is an umpire who works for Major League Baseball.
He represents Major League Baseball.
We are paid on this radio station, for example, to give our opinions, whether they're serious, comical, sarcastic, caustic, whatever they are.
And I'm going to tell you another thing, even though it's very politically uncorrect to say these days in America.
And that is not said it before. You show me anybody who doesn't have any prejudice, and I'll show you if somebody doesn't exist.
There's no such thing. How many times have we taken that poll? And we have some of you liars out there, or why don't have a prejudice born in my body? Right! Right! Sure you don't.
Who the hell are you kidding?
And this thing with toast, whether we know it's got nothing to do with their new hockey fan or Panther fan, that's not the point.
The point is this is just another example of how you cannot speak your mind in this country today without jeopardizing your job.
Because everybody wants to tell you what to say, and when you can say it, and I say to the Panther Organization, screw you guys, that's what I say to you, okay?
I'll be there Wednesday to see the Maple Leafs play, and that's the only time that I'll be coming into those games.
And I got all my tickets for free, so all your free loads of... Oh, do you have your tickets now? No. That's it! I've had it!
Screwing over Jerk into public around, trying to make something into something that it's not... using your little puppets in the media there like that fat pudgy Michael Russo to write a puff piece, all that bull crap.
I'm surprised we didn't have a thing in a paper this morning about Ray Whitney falling in a Ranger game a couple years ago, before we got... And by the way, nice go on Ray, he ripped the organization big time. Nice go on baby, he didn't keep his mouth shut.
That's the way they deal with the players in this organization, they treat them like crap, they blow them out of town, they get nothing in exchange, and then they badmouth them.
Oh, he was bad in the room, he was divisive, he was selfish, Pavelle was this, Ray was that, right?
And the meantime, here comes another dreary season with a bunch of boring games, and a team that ain't going to make the playoffs.
And how come you folks aren't coming out to give us your hard earned money?
I mean, we got tickets like ten bucks a piece, dollar a holler, how about for free, you want to come out?
Show us a driver's license when you show up?
No.
Anyway, be that as it may, and here's our 9 to 10 hour, I don't see a call on the board there, do you?
Well, we had one, and did you get that drop of Howard and Goldie saying blah blah blah.
Same what?
Dick.
Oh, did he play the game?
147 votes on the pool, and by the way, Mo, let me say it again, Danny Heatley got four goals in the game, and the fifth one, which doesn't count as a goal, but never less in the shootout.
I just thought I mentioned that.
He's trying to max the sunset in the, uh, herald, I guess.
No interest whatsoever until the All-Star festivities, and because it was here in town.
Oh, gee, this was a great amount of, yeah, what do you know about it?
You know anything about it, Mo?
No.
No.
How were you personally impacted by the Columbia shuttle disaster I asked this morning on our pool?
It was a tragedy, but Schmidt happens.
101.
How do you like that?
So, you know, the reason I took this pool, because I was thinking about myself, is it only me?
Is it only me?
101 out of 147.
Almost 69%.
I didn't make that number up.
Almost 69% said it was a tragedy, but Schmidt happens.
What else are you gonna say?
I'm not gonna like get all morose about it.
It's a sad thing.
It's unfortunate.
It's, uh, you know, but that's it.
How does that help anybody anyway?
Getting all morose and...
It helps the media.
It's good for ratings.
Oh, it makes more people tune in.
Not if we don't.
Somewhat, somewhat to impacted 27.
Very greatly 15 and not at all 4.
So only 15, less than 10% out of 153 people in this audience said they were very greatly impacted by the tragedy.
So, at least I feel a little bit more human now, that it's not just me that I'm not some hard, hard people.
I'm just a regular old son of a bitch.
Is what I am.
As opposed to some mean-spirited, hard-hearted prick, like they say.
Father, what I'm saying?
George?
Prick.
Here's Volca.
Hello.
Hey, hey, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Yeah, you know, about the space shuttle thing.
I felt bad for a little while.
It was too bad.
But it's like, you know, the airliner goes down.
They lose like, you know, 300 people.
Right.
50 people.
Right.
You know, it's in the paper for a day or so, and that's the end of that.
And, you know, I was watching when the, the postal lady got taken over by the, and then you know, it ended peacefully.
I was, that was pretty good.
But I was watching the news people say, wow, we're all grateful that that ended without a shootout, aren't it?
And that's below it.
It would have loved that.
So, the media would have been, they would have been having to change their underwear every five minutes if that would have been a shootout.
They loved it.
One thing before I got out, did you get a chance to look at the sunset?
Well, yes, but I was reading the article about their, they're going to be using rap lyrics to teach English and history.
And some of the schools now.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. It was a big, it was a big, big article.
Right. And the second, the front page, they opened it up like the third page and the front page.
Well, just be careful what you say about it in public, Mr.
Oh, no, it's really, it's really, it's, and it says, no, I've, you know, I've been a list of that.
I feel bad. The leadership in that black community is going to help them go.
No, you, you can't complain about the leadership because there isn't any.
That's the problem.
And now the, now that they're going to test market in in colleges and see if it goes over and then it's totally silly.
Shocking.
And they're here and then he just went.
Now, I don't think he, uh, did he?
Yeah, that sounded like a normal one.
It did?
Sounds like abnormal to me.
Whatever you say, sir, I have no idea what you'll be saying.
9.56 at 5.60 WQM.
I'll tell you the beast.
I don't care what anybody says.
The beast is a, uh, midget now compared to what he used to be.
I've actually, when he comes in this Friday, he's down like around two 30ish.
Well, I mean, that may not sound, and there's a guy that was like pushing 300 not too long ago.
And thanks to balance for life, he's lost the weight.
He looks better. His head actually can fit through the door now, which is really something.
There are a few things we hate worse than guys with a big swelled head.
Well, he can fit through his collar now.
Anyway, no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries.
What color?
And no calorie counting, no carbohydrate counting, just delicious food.
All of this is based on the formula of the zone diet, and they do all the figuring for you.
That's why it's such a pleasure, such a piece of cake, so to speak.
They bring you a little black sack wherever you want them to deliver it right to your door.
Right six o'clock every morning.
And in your black sack, there's the food for the whole day.
So how much more simple can be than that?
The only choice you make is between two choices for each meal every day that you run the program
when they remember to send you the menu that is.
Troy, I just mentioned that.
And the weight just comes pouring off your body.
And let me keep in mind three delicious gourmet meals, two delicious snacks in your little black sack.
There is nothing frozen. There are no artificial ingredients.
There's no little boxes with a bunch of bird crap in there.
It's delicious food made with the freshest, best ingredients, all kinds of great veggies,
and all that other good stuff that you've ever seen in your life.
So if you want to lose weight, the delicious and quick, painless way, here's the answer for you.
Those of you who tried everything else on the Sun, balance for life.
Call them at 9.54, 5.68, 30, 229.
And pretty soon you can look almost as beautiful as the beast.
Almost 9.54, 5.68, 30, 229.
Or check them out on the web at balanceforlife.com.
My life and love.
This is 4.20560.
You're way too way.
Freshed with the sewer of his place.
John Aaron the taxi driver, central park.
You look that mean, so quesitally.
If I could tell, he was in a dark.
So I acted out my puncture in with my arms the trees I made.
There's no bum to speak English and I'm all on.
I went down to my arm and reached where the weather was nice and sunny.
I walked into a liquor store but a guy there talks real fun.
I asked him for a pint of Holtion Beemysus, not the end of what doesn't mean.
The bus to English and I'm all on.
At the corner of Delhi.
Hell I think I'm in Pakistan speaking English.
Millage.
Or you can go back to the Laira.
I came here many years ago.
Learn my ABC.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty pretty.
Jesus Christ, get yourself to a classroom quicker and American now stop making this big.
No but I speak English.
That is nonsense.
Other nonsense.
10 o'clock at 5.60 am, happy Monday to you.
We're doing the best we can under impossible circumstances here at QAM.
Can't you feel the walls like crumbling?
It's like the walls of Jericho are tumbling down.
Can't you feel it like...
You better be left at Dan Bagganer again.
Wait till you hear this fact.
This is going to set us off.
And again we're going to have real problems by talking about this.
On power 96 right down the hall.
You know down here?
What's that crappy plan on the hall?
On power 96 yesterday they had a recording every half hour or so saying no one was working out of respect for the astronauts.
They couldn't have fun after such a tragedy almost drove off the road.
So this facts are chronic facts.
I mean...
Can I ask you one other thing?
What are we all doing here today then?
Unberieved.
Reactive of the shuttle disaster.
See that?
Obviously it's still a tragedy.
How could no one have been working?
Maybe the janitor was like playing tapes.
We don't have an automated system over there.
Who's we?
What do you mean we?
We as in we power 96 we?
We start to sound like the guy from Loots now.
We?
We the people in this building.
They?
They?
Them?
Those of us?
Those dudes have no automated system over there.
So you know.
I know these things.
Hey if you know this company well enough if they know how to automate talk we'd be out of here in two days.
If the computer was playing this stuff then someone had to be in there.
Does it say in here a computer is playing this stuff?
It says they had a recording on it.
Now that doesn't mean that nobody was working.
The recording was saying that now you're calling them liars.
Not only are you making fun of the fact that we're trying to show a little bit of respect but now you're calling them liars and kid Curry's going to come in here and beat you up a little bit.
Or a lot.
He likes to pick on little people.
Maybe Carlos too.
Just for the hell of it he might beat the crap out of you.
Well let's tell you about Anna squeak and her great ass.
So there you go.
I mean talk about it.
I don't understand that.
It wasn't like 9-11.
It wasn't like a president died or something like that or like uh...
Another terrorist attack.
It was an accident.
Like the poll says, Schmitt happened 72.3% of you are saying that out of almost 200 votes already.
Schmitt happens.
It's sad.
I mean we were happy about it.
We're unhappy.
It's unfortunate.
It's a terrible thing.
But terrible things happen all the time.
There's 6-7 billion people crawling around on a planet.
Okay, that thing on North Korea on 60 minutes last night.
I still can't get over that.
I still can't.
I wish you'd have seen it.
You haven't got any idea.
The hospitals have no beds and no running water.
What they use for IVs, they use old dirty beer bottles with tubes stuck in whatever fluids they got in there.
I can't do any one of them.
Imagine maybe some old Meisterbrow.
And they got tubes running out of there and going into veins into people's arms.
That's their idea of IVs.
They showed people eating bugs insects.
They said there's almost no birds flying around because every time a bird comes anywhere near they capture it and cook it up and eat it.
Birds eye.
Yeah.
They showed a nighttime aerial satellite view of North and South Korea.
And South of the border because South Korea of course has become very cosmopolitan.
And they all lit up in a lot of light.
And like pitch dark.
There wasn't a single light.
They have no heat.
No heat.
They showed this gigantic skyscraper that they built that's got so many structural flaws that it was never opened.
It's just standing there.
They showed these condo buildings that the handful of affluent people that they have apartments in.
They also have no heat and no running water.
North Korea.
And we're worried about Sodom.
Compared to the people in Iraq.
The people in Iraq are like the people on Fisher Island compared to the people in North Korea.
And that maniac over there, Kim Il-jung.
He's got the guy, Dan Bum.
He's moving him around now.
They showed all the people out there goose stepping.
Those are the only people who get fed at a million people who's got the military.
I've been nuking his ass before six o'clock tonight.
I'll tell you that right now.
If we want to have, you know, find some people to be really worried about.
It's amazing to me how, you know, Stalin had all those nuclear weapons and the right, long after his death, the Soviet Union, had as many nuclear weapons or more than we did.
And somehow we're all still here.
Oh, weapons of mass destruction possessed by manifestly irresponsible lunatics.
And somehow we managed to coexist.
Now, if we had gone to war against them.
Yeah, we wouldn't be sitting here talking right now and I would solve a lot of problems.
205 votes.
How were you personally impacted by the Columbia Shuttle disaster?
It was a tragedy, but what happens 150, 73.1%.
Somewhat 35.
Very greatly 15, 7.3%.
Not at all five.
Five.
And the media can't look at this.
Getting a Columbia's final voyage.
Here's a call from sunrise. Hello.
Yes, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir. When is the.
Yes. Well, we really got to do is worry about the people within the country.
I think we got more problems here.
I was watching PBS last night and they had a story on Andrew Jackson and his wife Rachel.
And due to the fact that her divorce wasn't final, he actually had married an adulterer.
Anyway, the point being in the 1820-something election against Quincy Adams,
they went crazy and they used the fact that this is a Christian country.
Now, this is only 50 years after the fact.
Now, today, the front page of the Sun Sentinel, if you take a look,
there's a cross where some of the bodies were found.
How do you know it wasn't the Jewish guy or the Hindu guy?
You know, and it's just the people within this country, all these evangelical idiots,
they're the ones that we really got to watch out for.
Well, you can say that one.
That's what that's out of the country.
Amen.
Good day.
Blinded by the right, David Brock.
I'd be on my way to the bookstore to be done.
There are our borders.
One of those most there is right now if I was you people.
And I would sit there, I would lock myself in a room with a flashlight,
and a couple of bottles of soda or whatever.
And I'd read it from cover to cover and find out how the hell we got to where we are right now.
Not a pretty picture.
This from 3000 degree heat.
I mean, can I ask you a question?
How many days is this going to go on in the media?
Another week.
And let me say again, the only reason I wanted to watch in a hockey game,
is that I'm glad I did because it was very entertaining,
because I don't care about the old stuff,
because there was nothing else on.
There was nothing else on.
And you know what saved me the rest of the day?
Bokka Bryant can relate.
The Game Show Channel.
There you go.
I want to say thank God.
For the Game Show Channel.
I'd rather watch any day of the week,
85 year old episodes of match game, Hollywood Square is the old one,
or any of these, then watch this nonstop,
or finger squeeze in the hand wrenching.
How long can it go on?
What more is there for them to say?
Are those astronauts still dead?
Last time we checked, yes.
Is the shuttle back in one piece yet?
We don't think so.
Ain't going to happen.
And how many more...
Oh, oh, you know something?
This in the midst of all this other stuff.
I may just lay down on the floor after I tell you this,
because obviously nobody else saw it.
Luckily, Saturday morning,
I go get my haircut, the guy, oh, Bill Clinton's on to get me a good haircut.
He was very grateful for the dip, by the way.
Go get a nice haircut.
I come back home.
It's now 10 past nine.
I turn on MSNBC,
and they're in the middle of the well.
Houston's lost contact with the Columbia.
And it's the first time you're getting an inkling that something is wrong, okay?
Now, it becomes obvious that the worst has happened.
So it gets to be about 9.30.
So now, they're putting on phone calls.
This one at NASA.
This one at Houston.
This one from a so-and-so.
The local affiliate in Texas.
About the fourth call they put on the air on MSNBC.
You haven't heard about this?
No.
The guy calls in a dull voice and says,
I'm just paraphrasing, because I don't remember.
I don't want to remember the exact word.
Oh, I spoke to a close personal contact of mine inside NASA,
and he was fearful that Howard Stern was on the ship.
And at that point, I said to myself,
what's the use?
This is one of those same assholes who used to call Eric Kim all the time.
Oh, President Mobutu, I would like to know what do you think of the Howard Stern?
And on rare occasion, it was funny, okay?
In a sick way, which is Howard's audience, in a sick way.
But here we just had seven people die.
We had this horrible mishap.
A grotesque thing that just happened.
And here, yuck, yuck, yuck, yuck, see what I'm saying?
This is the crowd out there.
I'm telling you, they just make me want to vomit.
Make me want to puke.
And I'm not blaming Howard for that.
I mean, that's just a part of his crowd.
Just like, you know, not that we don't have the same, because we do.
But isn't that just, it just let me sit there like limp.
I didn't know what that will always do that.
They'll never stop.
Pretty funny stuff, huh?
Pretty funny.
You'd like to be able to trace that call and take that individual.
I'm going to say person, but that would be a stretch.
Take that piece of crap and strap them into a chair and put them on network TV
on all the networks and PBS at the same time, and on all the cable affiliates at the same time.
And just watch everybody just beat them to death.
We'll stone them to death, like it says in a Bible.
How can you find something funny out of that?
Beat him up, I'm going to call us.
I know, I know.
Beat him up again.
He's just a little, you know, he can't help himself.
Anybody who takes a bath in the sink, what do you expect?
What is washing his balls?
10 past 10 at 560 WQM.
Happy money and spite of it all.
We go on, baby.
We go on.
We go on, right, Mo?
Yes.
You bet.
We got the big Mo.
We go.
Walk by him in a hall this morning, had a very strange moment.
He was in there talking to clearance in the doorway.
Yeah.
And I think that thing was like halfway down his shoulder.
I guarantee you that things are live.
It's moving.
Hey, were you ever presented with an opportunity when you should have could have or would have done something
but you didn't do it?
Well, there's an incredible Fannie Mae mortgage rate out there at 3.45%.
The rates available by calling financial group toll free 1-800-94053-63.
If you had to compare a 7% rate with 3.45%, you'd save $3,500 in the first year loan for each $100,000 that you owe $100,000 is only $447 bucks a month out of your pocket.
So here's an opportunity that ain't gonna last long because it's a 40-year low.
If you're thinking about refinancing or buying a home, do the smart thing right now.
Not stupid, be smart.
Call financial group toll free at 1-800-94053-63.
The process is simple to call as free 1-800-940-0-LND.
Financial group has been in the equal housing lender to thousands of borrowers with the Fannie Mae program.
Credit restrictions do apply and rates of subject change if you delay $5.34 APR.
Call financial group today at 1-800-940-LND.
Find a local business in 560.
Reuse all yours now.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
I'm a real man.
Don't be playing that.
74.60 degrees in here.
Do you have any idea how God damn hot that is?
For on the inside here?
Almost 75 degrees?
Here's the fact that it says,
Do you any all of your show you're the only person in this market who says the truth?
Absolutely correct sir.
I sent the course for George when he's on, but he's too lazy to do it all the time.
Because it's, you know, it's a cop-up.
I just wanted to let you know that not all media people are crazy.
I'm a journalist and I refuse, underlined and a capital letters.
Refused use might agree in South Florida or any U.S. radio market.
Good for you.
I think the media should do a service to the people not a disservice like South Florida U.S. media.
You see you in Canada.
Have a great day.
And back to you sir.
Thank you.
Man.
And on your team, we won't get one call because the Panther people first of all never call anyway.
But this thing about toast, it's not a big deal.
He did the stuff in between periods.
But it's just a principle of it again.
You can't say crap.
You can't say anything anymore.
And we've got all these pseudo-fascist running around now.
Busy telling people what they can say and what they can't say.
Bull crap.
5,670, 560, 05, 560 on EAT and T and R.
In fact, Miguel was just here.
He heard him talking about it.
He was monitoring the Paul and young Ron show.
Is what he said.
He heard him be saying it.
And let me say something else, okay.
Because the Panther fans all have got Larry and Gytus.
They don't speak out anyway.
But I'm telling you, he was speaking and just like I've been speaking for most of the fans out there who pissed off.
That another cross-cutting measure comes down to Pike, which is just what everybody said here over the weekend.
Another cross-cutting measure.
So it held with the fans basically, but keep finals, tickets, baby.
They've had it.
They've had enough, Alan.
Here's Miami Beach.
Hello.
Neil Godd.
Yes sir, speaking.
I had to call you normally.
I love the show.
But the reason I'm calling Friday, I managed to get on MSNBC.
I was watching in the afternoon and Rick Sanchez is on there in the afternoon.
I saw that.
During the mail truck incident, he had Alex Penaleson.
I saw that.
I wanted to jump out the window and I live in a one-story building.
Right.
It was insane.
I just, talk about pandering and talking up.
I thought my TV was going to explode from the suction level.
I have like a little monitor in the corner and it was like peeking.
It was like almost on overload.
Have a good day.
Day.
56670560.
We got one call on the board, baby.
I'll tell you.
It's a real exciting Monday here.
I would, and they're probably busy sitting watching TV now watching for more information about the Columbia.
Wouldn't you think?
I would think.
Not.
56670560.560 on the AT&T Infraurized Line.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yes.
What's up buddy?
Mushy phone man.
I'm sorry about that.
Are you underwater?
No, absolutely.
Are you calling in the bathtub or in the sink like Carlos?
No, actually, I'm just sitting in the middle of the weather.
How to call you in here?
You know, just touch the face.
You know, it's bad.
It's bad.
And it's that people lost lives.
But I'll tell you what the real tragedy is.
All people lose their lives and it's just factual.
One more people lose their lives in one day to alcoholism, accident vehicles, drugs, overdose, murders, crimes.
And one day, then there's ever been live loss in this astronaut program.
And what was it doing up there anyway?
What was the mission, supposedly?
Did you get any idea?
Well, that's like asking me what is the whole space program about?
I mean, I know.
I don't want to waste my time on that debate.
Some people, you know, it's $2 billion a pop for the ship itself and then all the other billions.
There's some people, I mean, a lot of great things that we've discovered from the space program.
Right, granted.
Well, I'll tell you what another controversy is.
There's a 50 billion day poll that's going to come out of my target eventually.
Yeah.
Can I have a show with a quick news?
I can't understand a word that you're saying, man.
I wish I had a better phone because it almost sounded like you had something to say, underlying the almost part.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, the cats got their tongues again.
I realized that the public is in mourning.
A nation in what does it say?
What do I keep doing with that?
Here it is. I keep trying to sit on it.
Not good for my roads.
I'll tell you that.
A nation in pain.
Big, big headline on the Sun Central today.
I'm looking at this and thinking, what are you people talking about?
Have we been through enough already here?
Did we already have 9, 11?
Have we been through enough grief and agony and scare tactics?
Why is it that it's like the media is telling us what we're supposed to feel?
That's what pisses me off.
That's the new deal now.
The media tells us how we're supposed to do.
Didn't I say this a long time ago, like with Aion?
And I said, this is a child custody case.
It's not a big deal.
Oh no, this is blah, blah, blah, blah.
And they made a big, they did pick and choose what we're supposed to react to.
And let me tell you this.
Luckily, our audience, which are a little more independent mighted than most, we got 73% who said so far.
It was a tragedy, but what happens?
But they don't like that.
See, you're supposed to be in grossed in this.
You're supposed to be 24 hours switching back between MSNBC and FoxFascist News and CNN,
back and forth and forth.
And like your whole life is supposed to be bogged down in this stuff, as if you're going to learn something new.
And even if they do learn something new, you'll find out that the LIDAR was anyhow,
like they did with TWA 800, most of them, they lied through their teeth.
We're never going to find out the real answer on that.
274 votes, 199 said it was a tragedy, but Schmidt happens.
How were you personally impacted by the disaster?
45 say somewhat, very greatly, or greatly, 21 at 7.5% not all nine.
But when the media, you think it would be like 99.9%, greatly impacted like the end of the world,
and just the three of us, eh, Schmidt happens, you know.
See, we're going to go on a revolution against the media.
Whatever you say, we're going to do the opposite.
If you say jump, we're going to lie down.
If you say don't do drugs, we're going to like shoot up.
Yeah, not just lie down, we'll shoot up.
Well, that's your working way anyway, isn't it?
I got my little piece right here, baby.
I see it.
I got my little plastic piece.
That's where I'm going to paint that baby black.
I'm going to make that piece hop right off his forehead tomorrow.
Here's Dearfield Beach.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes sir.
How are you?
I happened to agree to 100%.
These people knew what they were doing, and it was just, you know,
whatever they felt they were doing was right, but they put their lives on the line,
and that was the edge off.
Right.
And when you have a date, it's just like firemen.
It's like all the firefighters in New York during 9-11.
I mean, when you have a dangerous job, they're going to be times, unfortunately,
when a bunch of people are going to die.
100% correct sir.
One other thing that hurts me is that Dr. Shapiro is commercial.
Okay, good.
Call him up and tell him.
5, 6, 7, we don't mess with commercials, okay, because we are here,
and this is the only show in a market that will tell you the honest and goodness truth.
We're here to hoard the market for all we can, baby.
We want the money.
Don't be messing with our fine sponsors, which this show is sold out wall to wall,
pretty close.
Pretty damn close.
Now, if you'd like to sell sports spots, by the way, if you'd like to do a sell for QAM,
we're desperate, because one other, some other station up there in Palm Beach
stole away the whole sales department.
Not our sales department, but the sports there.
They're dolphins and the panthers and the hurricanes and the, who else we got?
They're out of the way.
Oh, the heat.
We don't have the heat.
Jackass.
But anyway, if you feel like you can sell this place and believe me, if you can,
oh, good luck to you.
Call him up.
Give it a shot, okay?
If you're really depressed about life, if you'd like to blow your brains out,
come and work here for a couple of weeks.
If you want to see how not to run a radio station, if you want to see what a really bogus
you want it, if you want to see how bad scroo-ran really smells,
this is the place to come and figure it out, okay?
You'll find things swimming around by her desk that have been already outlawed by the EPA.
Things of unknown origin that are floating around an air near her desk,
scroo-ran, the evil door.
So come on over.
You have a great time.
Ask God's words if you don't believe us.
Ask Skippy.
Ask PD Lennie.
They're still here.
Some of them.
I was driving the yesterday in the car or whenever the Saturday from the track.
And for the first time I heard that spot about soliciting for people want to sell.
And I thought to myself, I used to hear this like in Sturgis Michigan,
we used to run these spots on the air for radio sales.
But you know what happens like that?
And somebody else comes in in the dark and night and steals away your whole sales department.
You're a desperate.
In fact, I saw Greg on a street corner this morning trying to drag people in here with a code hook.
A sky hook.
He was.
I thought he was.
I thought he was.
He's all handed out flyers.
No, he wasn't handed out flyers.
He was bringing him in.
He had Bobby Clark, Bill Barber, somebody old Philadelphia flyers.
He brought him in here.
Dave Schultz.
Charles Schultz.
Sergeant Schultz.
Sergeant Schultz.
Or something that sounds like.
Anyway, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Nobody cares about toast.
Well, if they cared about toast, they'd call Paul and you know what?
Let them deal with their own stuff.
Okay, let them stew in their own toast.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
No.
Yes, sir.
Miami.
Yeah.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hi, Mr. Steve, in North Miami Beach.
Yes, Steve.
That last call was very indicative of what I wanted to mention.
Did you hear about the phone call to Dan Rather on Saturday?
No.
On air?
Not another Howard Stern one.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
I must have been the same guy that did MSNBC.
I just talked about that.
I didn't hear the MSNBC one.
I heard the Dan Rather one.
Isn't that lovely?
He's there at the screen.
The guy says that he's from Texas.
And that he found a piece of wreckage out in his yard.
And he called me.
They said they came by.
Yeah.
And they looked at it.
And they told him that it was one of Boba Buies' teeth.
Uh-huh.
And then Dan Rather is like staring at the screen.
You know, like you just don't know what to say.
And the guy said next to him that the anchor does,
because it's a crane call.
And Dan says, he sort of hems and hoars.
And then they start to cut off the call.
And just before they cut off the call, the guy yells over the phone.
You're an idiot.
And then they cut it off.
And Dan stares at the screen and he says,
well, you're absolutely right about that.
I am an idiot.
Really?
Yes, that's exactly why he didn't mean it seriously.
But it means that you're absolutely right.
I am an idiot.
But, you know, I'm not the apologize to the audience.
Blah, blah, blah.
These things happen and so on and so forth.
But I couldn't believe it.
I mean, these guys get through to anybody.
And don't you often wonder how the hell they get the numbers to get through?
I mean, when you think that they'd have like inside lines
that the responsible people in the news media would have those numbers?
And that's just how Schmuck from off the street could call in?
Well, look, you know, in a news emergency,
if something comes in the general switchboard,
they send it to the newsroom.
I used to work in the newsroom.
Yeah.
And for the newsroom, they'll listen to it.
They'll pass it on to the editor.
The editor will listen to it.
The editor will ask somebody you want to put this on and boom.
I mean, you know, it's going to happen.
Now, it'll go through three or four people,
but some of them are going to go through.
Yeah, I hope they trace the call in the Friday on my TV,
right on Dan Rather.
Okay, have a great day.
Thanks for the bad news.
So we made the rounds at all the networks, okay?
560-560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
Here's a lady in Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, ma'am.
You know, if the media is reacting this tragically
to seven Americans dying,
what's going to happen when we go to work in the Iraq
and the body bags are coming?
Uh-huh.
I mean, it's going to be, I mean, a lot more than seven people.
Yeah.
So, I mean, you know, let's put this in perspective.
I mean, we're looking at a warning.
Now, the media can't put things in perspective.
Don't you understand?
They have to exploit it for everything it can get.
1027-560 QAM.
I'm going to try to tell you all of this just one time.
The day, well, maybe two or three times.
But if you want a freeze, forget the dinner,
come out tonight to Pompadopar, Carnus Track.
That's right.
This is one of the most exciting things
that might ever happen in your life when you live in this town.
A freeze-pregated dinner at Pompadopar tonight.
Everybody who buys a Pompadopar program
that I get to dinner, coupon, good for a freeze-pregated dinner
on the fourth floor players lounge,
dinner includes salad, rolls, and butter,
a heaping plate of pasta with marinara sauce.
It's too going to be true, but it is, so come on out.
Pompadopar is open for live harness racing
five nights a week, five nights a week starting this week,
Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, and Saturday,
first post-time 7.15 pm,
and is always free-general parking, free admission every afternoon and night.
Pompadopar now races on Thursday nights for the month of February,
and they're offering a special ladies night every Thursday
with free bingo for ladies only.
More than $1,000 in cash and prices will be given away every Thursday
for the bingo games.
Don't forget every Wednesday night is dollar-night.
You can get you a draft beer hot dog,
soda large pretzel or popcorn for just a bucket piece.
And starting this Saturday will be the opening round of the $250,000
I'll have a prepacing series featuring men at the top
porcelain or with the American Racing Red at Pompadopar,
where Brian Sears continues to be God.
Nice go, Brian, baby!
Pompadopar on Powerline Road to Block South Atlantic Boulevard.
Don't forget freeze-pregated dinner tonight
and live racing starting at 7.15 at Pompadopar harness.
Brian Sears, course radio 5c team, UAM.
You stick and need self-adventure tonight on Fox.
It's the S.O. Sure, I wouldn't mind walking up the escalator
but I can't seem to squeeze by Miss Tat-ass ahead of me here.
The man that says what all of America is thinking.
See, you don't understand English, huh?
Well, then you won't understand it when I say this.
You, you, the f***ing, f***ing, f***ing, f***ing,
whether it work, home or even the mall.
The S.O. will make you proud to be an American.
Yeah, and Linda, after the funeral,
why don't you swing by your mom's old house
and see if you can find her handicapped parking plate?
I think that would really come in handy for me.
He's the S.O. Tonight, when he feels like coming on.
That really is an S.O. thing to do, isn't it?
It's really, really good. I like that.
You, S.O.
1032 at 560, WQ, I'm happy Monday to have a blast.
I tell you, they're in a deep funk today.
Maybe the media is right.
Maybe this community is really in mourning
because we got one call on the board, and it's from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Okay, sir.
Listen, and I'll be excited over the weekend.
Did you miss a little blurber?
Did you see the blurb in the Harold Business section
about what Uncle George is about to do to us?
About.
He wants to take away the 40-hour work week
and do away with overtime pay.
Uh-huh.
So, I mean, so now we can work for 60 hours
and get paid less money.
What's the point?
There you go.
Or we can just take up a collection
and put it in the front of very rich persons house.
That sounds good.
Yeah, exactly.
That's what I took so far about that.
And have a great day.
Okay, that's the end of the calls for today.
Clear channels and illegal monopolies says lawsuit
a tiny Denver concert promoter has taken the most powerful force
in the music industry to court.
The grumbling inside the music business has been growing for months.
Now an independent concert promoter in Denver has come forward
to a certain court where many have been afraid to say out loud
that music industry giant clear channel communications
runs an illegal monopoly that thwarts competition.
Absolutely correct.
Filing an anti-trust suit in Denver
a federal court laid Monday after the last week.
Nobody in particular presents or NPP a small promotions firm
that over the years has handled local concerts for a pearl jam.
Uh-huh.
Sarah McLaughlin and the Beastie boys among others charges the company
with using monopolistic predatory and anti-competitive business practices.
Well, we already talked about them on Friday.
It's nothing but a monopoly, like I said,
destroying the radio industry and the concert industry
and the billboard industry and you name it.
Thanks to our friends and the federal government who just say,
hey, we never met them in an awfully, we didn't like.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
Guess who died by the way, George?
The pressing news.
Thank God for these faxes by the way, keep them coming.
I give up.
Are you the phone is dead as a door nail today?
Anthony Isley.
Oh, no.
Best remembered is half of television's glamorous detective
doing the series Hawaii and I died Wednesday.
He was 78.
No death was enough.
He died Wednesday.
And this is from the AP today.
I guess in a little slow.
Kind of like Dr. Laura's mother.
Isley played traces steel to Robert Conrad's Tom Lopaka in the show.
Don't you remember that?
Hawaii and I?
No.
I don't either.
The show which ran from 59 to 63 also starred Connie Stevens as cricket Blake
and Ponzi Ponce as taxi driver, Kazooo Kim.
The show frequently had crossovers with 77 sunset strip.
Isley originally built as Fred Isley to one of our other changes named to Anthony Isley for the Hawaiian I Rule.
began his TV career in the 1950s without appearances on Operation Secret, The Real McCoy's, and Perry Mason.
And it almost makes me want to reach for those theme CDs, you know?
Or maybe that's looking at this phone.
Let's play all the TV themes today.
Oh!
And then we'll go up and down the whole thing and find out what's objectionable about every comedy bit we've got.
Which ones are racist?
Which ones are anti-Somantic?
Which ones are anti-Holio?
Sexist?
Disgusting?
Vulgar?
Grotesque?
In decent?
Here's Sunrise.
Hello?
Hey Neil.
You just took me off my topic for a second.
I want to say I've thought the law is, it's got to be the most despicable person I've ever even heard.
She's in her running.
The worst.
I mean she's, ugh.
On the space thing.
Do you think that we should cut back the amount of money we spend on sending these shuttles up there?
No.
Okay.
No because with this administration, and Parr, believe me, Mars is starting to look pretty good.
Yeah.
All right.
I just thought that maybe we could take some of that money and put it somewhere else and then lay off the space thing for a couple years.
No.
All right.
I think all we got to do is eliminate the tax cuts from the rich and there'll be all the money you're looking for right there.
Well, I mean let's talk about something that may happen, you know.
We know that's never going to happen.
Yeah.
Good point.
Okay, thanks.
Thank you, Neil.
Okay, that takes care of calls again for today.
Another Monday in Paradise.
Another Monday, I'm all whipped up to a frenzy.
It seems that the calls are a direct proportion.
In other words, the opposite of I'm whipped up to a frenzy like this morning.
Then there's nobody on the phone pretty much.
And if I come in like, eh, then all of a sudden they're all whipped up.
We're just not whipping it together.
That's the problem, you know.
You're out of sync.
Out of exactly out of sync like Justin out of sync.
5 6 7 0 5 60.
Let's see.
Oh no.
During the chase last Friday the postal truck, so more on called into Channel 6,
and it was claiming to be with one of the police departments when they put them on here he asked,
where do you think this is headed?
He replied to New York to see Howard Stern.
Oh, it's so sad.
It's so sad.
It's so sad.
It's pathetic.
I think it was Miguel made that call.
I could recognize the accent.
Now, you know, see this is the problem with these people on the facts machine.
I don't want to say Jeff Heisenabe or David.
Once in a while, David is sent to something worthwhile.
He sends me a thing about Godfather for I'm likely the death last Friday of Mario Puzzo.
Do you know how old this article is?
Older than the Fuzlos grandpa.
Hey, go get a life.
Okay, go hop into a hot tub with Fat Boy.
Dave, you idiot.
Here's Pompano.
Hello.
Yeah, I'd like to talk in depth about the first, about the war of 1812, but before I do that.
I'd like to, uh, want to know what the call is.
Oh, this is the crazy guy.
The crazy guy.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60.
Yeah, let's go back to those calls, and we don't want these bedtime stories for all of those months,
because the calls are what make this show like this lunatic that calls every day now.
The crazy guy.
Is he amusing?
No.
Is he entertaining?
No.
Is he interesting?
Is he annoying?
No.
Not even that.
He's not even good enough to be annoying.
He's crazy.
Maybe he can run this place.
Here's Mayany.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing now?
Okay.
Uh, I'd like to talk about Moe in this morning.
Yeah.
You know, he got installed because the umpire called her called that lady.
It just happened to keep Jewish, and he's Jewish, a bitch.
Jew bitch.
You know, if there would have been a Hispanic or a black woman, I don't think he would have been so outraged.
How do you know that?
Uh, you know, the way he was sounding today.
Mm-hmm.
You know, I think he was desperate.
I think quite frankly, this story is like an on-starred.
I mean, it's a story, but it's not a big deal.
This kind of crap happens.
I'm not a fan of his, and I don't like him at all.
I'm a dog who fans.
Right.
And let me tell you, the only reason why I listen to him is because you come right after him.
There you go.
I would turn off the dial.
He owes me big time, man.
He owes you big, you know.
He should come in on his knees.
In fact, I want to borrow one of those hair pieces for the rest of the week.
Have a great day, amigo.
Bye, nice day, sir.
Are you eating bagels in here again, oh, brother, you talk about the potcognecettle pink.
Wow, it was out there.
Little virulent anti-Semaila, you as eaten bagels.
By the way, that email wasn't even about me.
I don't want to say who was about to one at the start.
And it interesting enough though, because the impression was dropped,
and because we do have that Bill Cabrani, a Jewish lightning, you know,
which I played this morning, I assumed it was, which just got me wet,
it mattered than a wet hen.
And that impression was left to kind of hang there, and then all the calls that came in about that,
since nobody would give a crap about anything else.
It was like, well, Neil is this, and then it was that professional dentist.
Hey, Dennis, maybe you can lope with a Pope, okay?
Hey, that runs.
I understand that the altar boys are turning them down lately.
Well, you can't get it up for the swish guard.
You know what they say?
Never let down your swish guard.
Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
What's up, Neil?
Yes, sir.
Neil, is that mango much a hooliolo?
Okay.
No, that's it.
That's it.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
I'm playing music today, man.
All right.
I'm starting a whole new floor mat.
What's that?
A folding co-guitar.
Oh, shut it off.
So yesterday, during the All-Star, and I don't want to get into another ethnic thing,
because Farbeet for much to do something like that.
But they like had a Ho Chi Ko Chi thing.
Did you see that?
During the entertainment?
I mean, it wasn't bad enough they had Cheryl Crow.
That's enough to piss me into Googoo dolls.
Oh, no.
They had the one guy strapped down on the stage.
The Googoo dolls.
He kept like floating up in the middle.
It was kind of exciting.
Stanley C. Panther kept having to run after him pulling back.
But they had a Ho Chi Ko Chi routine there during,
I guess, the second and third period.
And I thought to myself, is that what this is all about?
This is in sunrise.
And by the way, what somebody told Bob Cole that the arena is not in Fort Lauderdale,
it's in sunrise.
Hey, Cole, I think your hair piece is getting a little bit too tight.
Also, sweetheart.
And somebody told my good close friend Harry Neal of the Maple Leafs
who was done in the color on CBC.
He told Harry that we don't want to shoot out in regular season games, okay?
I love you, Harry.
But the answer is no.
No.
No.
And no.
No chance.
Twenty before 11 at 5, 60 WQM.
Look at this.
I got the Pompa-Doh Park spot out again.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
If they got me brainwashed or what?
I had a good night's Saturday.
I cashed a few tickets.
Not a Pompa-Doh necessarily.
Brad Cramer is God in Detroit.
Nice going, Brad.
Anybody know who I'm talking about?
No, no.
Good. Let's keep it that way.
See, you know something I just figured it out.
Talk about stuff that these people have.
No idea what it is.
And then there's never going to be a problem.
They can't get pissed off and insulted and uptight about something.
Let's find a bunch of ethnic groups that they never heard of before.
And we'll pick on them.
Huh?
The vegetable people.
Oh, are you kidding me?
Look out the window.
They're all out there.
19, before I forget about the window, just open up the door, look down the hall.
Go down to where the management is.
Eeeh!
Talk about a walk in vegetable.
Although it probably would be in about 1.30 to see again this afternoon.
She moves a little bit.
Hey, I want to tell you about a great place.
The Emerald Coast Chinese buffets with three soft-loaded locations.
They're in sunrise.
They're in North Miami Beach.
And their newest location is in Pemberpines.
Start out your mouthwatering experience with delicious soup.
In fact, you can take all six soups, if you like.
Eat a couple of them, put a little bit of your pants, loosen yourself up a little bit.
They got fantastic dozens and dozens of delicious entrees.
Oriental surf and turf on the weekends.
New York strip steak made two-year order at the gourmet center, a sizzling Asian grill featuring...
Teriyaki steak, shrimp, chicken seafood, and hand-carb prime rib.
See, it's this room again.
No flim all weekend.
I come in here right away.
I got a flim job.
The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living, too, because they don't use any MSG.
There is no crap.
No cornstarch and only cholesterol-free oils and all the cooking.
Believe me, you'll taste the difference.
Everything is fresh.
Crunchy and stupendous.
There were faith features of full salad bar, new sushi bar, fresh room cocktail, too.
And now, Emerald Coast lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster viscous well.
Bring along your crowbar, stuff that baby in your pants and open up a little room for dessert,
and shout out at the dessert bar featuring pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings and fresh fruit.
A perfect ending to an unbelievable feast.
Emerald Coast, you'll find them in sunrise at Pine Island of 44th Street.
On Collins Avenue, just north of 163rd North Miami Beach, and at the intersection of Flamingo and Pemberg Roads and Pemberg Pines,
Emerald Coast accept reservations, take out an delivery available to call 954-5723822.
954-5723822, go there and pick out a gigantic feast at the Emerald Coast Chinese buffet.
I am low.
This is 420 or 560.
You way, yeah.
We're going to voice to the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers.
Yeah.
That's right, the white Peter is May.
1047 and 560, nothing we know about Joe Carrillo.
He's an asshole.
That's for sure.
Anyway, here's a fact.
It says, so what if some fat dumb fat on par called someone a Jew bitch?
It's not news.
No one cares.
What if it was the truth?
Has anyone considered that?
Take Dr. Laura.
She is a Jew bitch, which we agree with that.
Take Mo Howard Davided.
He's a Jew bastard.
He just has anyone who ever waited on him in a restaurant, it says.
Jews, Spicks, Niggers, Crackers, Ginnies, Waps, it's all part of Americana just like Mom's Apple Pie.
So I'm prejudiced in Miami.
There you go.
I've been telling the public that for years.
Words are words, baby.
But everybody's uptight.
And boy, if you say something about our organization, we'll never get one call on that.
You know what?
I'm that toasting and it just frost my ass.
It burns my toast.
And I don't even know who the hell he is.
Other than I see him up there in between.
He's a big jumbo tron.
He doesn't okay, job.
He's better than our goofball that we had from a power over here next.
Remember him?
You was trying to do that.
What's his name?
Tony the Tiger.
Tony the Tiger.
Not a bad guy.
But he was so out of his element.
He did what?
One or two games and I ripped him on the ear.
And he like, resigned his position.
Of course, I think we know what his position is.
But nevertheless,
Freaky Carlos told me what his position was, but I'm not going to repeat it.
What do you laugh at about, huh?
You're a little squirt.
We know what your position is in the sink.
In the sink.
Next time I can, in fact, tomorrow morning, I might just walk in here real quick and just punch down that thing, punch the plunger down.
I'm going to let you go right down the drain.
Might as well the rest of us are here.
Right down the drain.
I might just do all the bedtime stories the rest of the day because I can see I can pump it and squeeze it in the blanket and twist it.
There ain't going to be nothing going on this phone.
Nothing.
We got one call here.
One at a time.
Here's Volcae.
Hello.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How are you today?
For Am OK.
No, you're just about holding on, but listen.
What do you mean by that?
Well, you got, you got, you got your hands on the table.
I'm not holding on to it.
Well, I think you should go back to no calls.
You were in a talk of conversation over the weekend at a party and we really enjoy it.
You know what?
We enjoy you, not these other assholes that are calling during the day and trying to screw up your day.
You don't want, go back to no calls and teach him a lesson.
I wouldn't even teach them a lesson.
What does that mean?
Well, I'll keep them off the air because they don't appreciate the genius that you are.
No, it's not just that.
It's just that they have nothing to say.
It's not a question of being a genius or a moron.
It's that they have nothing to say about anything here.
It is 27 years later.
And I still haven't figured out that they have nothing to say.
It's at the same old crap.
Well, an animal maybe.
They're leading.
OK.
Goodbye.
Goodbye.
Well, he was a little pork off.
OK. He said goodbye.
Bye.
Bye.
Bye.
Five, six, seven, old, five, six, eight.
Not going to get to me, Mr. I'll take that right now.
Not going to bother me.
Just deliver that check.
Next Monday is payday.
You walk right in here with that check clearance and I'll walk right over the bank that afternoon.
And on it goes on and on and on.
For another month or two.
I mean, for however long.
I can tolerate it.
I mean, what they've done to this place.
I'm serious.
There are people on death.
This is the truth.
There are people on death row for less one.
They management of this place is done to it.
In the last year and a little about the last year.
Even though that bit that I played before about the night of 10 hour.
Even that bit spoofing what we had on before we'd run up the Hershey Highway.
You know something a year ago at this time.
And spite of all the angst we were going through here.
The ratings were pretty damn good.
Winter book a year ago.
They were like, remember that?
A gigantic.
Sure.
I don't know where.
Maybe because of all the confusion that was going on.
I don't know.
Who knows why it was.
They were tuned in to see what's going to be this day.
Who's going to be on tomorrow today?
Is it going to be Ron and Hershey Highway?
Is it going to be Carolyn?
Is it going to be Guilty?
Is it going to be Default?
With or without the ankle bracelet?
Well, you know, what it's it was going to be?
So we kept them on their toes.
We had a mark van to mere one day.
And then just a really shocking once in a while.
It would stick in there too to really piss them off.
You know?
Who else did we have in there?
Everybody that would like within a 10 block radius.
In fact, if radius would have shown up, we'd have put him on year two.
With or without his toothbrush.
5, 6, 7, and that last guy I think had a good point.
Go back to the bedtime stories and he'll teach these people a lesson.
Everybody else is losing their freedom of speech.
These people have got their freedom of speech.
And they still have nothing to say.
And that's something.
That's the best part of it.
Just waiting till Uncle Sam comes along and says,
oh, we can't have any more telephone talk shows.
Because who knows what these people are.
And they might even criticize the government.
And we can't tolerate that.
Here's Pember Pine.
Hello?
You know, I think you're right.
I think happy people are traumatized with what bush is up to.
And that leads to a bigger problem in general that they just don't care.
Nobody speaks up.
Because if they did care, they'd care about the abortion issues.
They'd care about the economy.
They'd certainly care about the stock market.
They don't.
And they'd care about the way your show is also.
Yeah.
You know, the fact of the matter is you're absolutely right.
You have your piss and vinegar back and nobody's calling anymore.
Right.
That's right.
I agree.
I mean, you know, your show is five times better than it was six, eight months ago.
Right.
And at this point, you know, I can't even believe what happened all the cause,
including the cock-a-moon lady.
Is she died?
Did she really?
Yeah.
Oh, God, I never, I'm sorry.
Yeah, you should be.
No, you had no way in on.
No, but anyway, you will feel bad the while they about having said that.
She was dynamite.
She was.
She was classic.
But, no, seriously, please, let callers come in.
Your show is great.
I don't feel what's happening.
Anyway, even George is good, although I swear to you, he's a closet crag.
Is he really?
Okay, not my type, then.
Now, why did he hang up right after he said that?
I would let him continue.
I think the audience would be interested in hearing more about his theories.
George doesn't care.
He's drinking a free snapple.
He won't give a crap.
As long as it's free.
Yeah, that's all enough.
What does that mean?
You know, the whole marriage and the kids and everything.
Oh, I see.
There he goes again.
Why are you responding to him?
He was okay.
He just wanted to go on.
He was just responding.
No, you're not.
Now you're getting all defensive and all psyched.
Not at all.
Yes, you are.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Never defensive.
Stop attacking me.
By the way, the next time a treasure island a week from Wednesday, George is bringing his boyfriend.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, 05, 5, 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Keep them guessing, okay, George?
That's the way to do it.
Keep them guessing.
Keep them off-balance.
Just like Moe, you never know which piece he's going to have on on a given day.
Every day comes in.
Is it going to be the purple on the yellow one?
4K.
The blue one.
Here's Oakland Park.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I wanted to call and let you know I'm on my way to Roger Dean Stadium.
I'm going to go with the caravan today.
Stop by stop and support our local baseball team.
Go about what stadium?
Oh, the, the marlins are having their kickoff to the season as a caravan through Palm Beach County.
So we're going up to Roger Dean.
And that's where it's starting.
Jimmy Dean Stadium.
Yeah, three Jimmy Dean.
Hot dogs today.
And we'll be able to meet the players, sign autographs, all that good stuff that's happening
at 1130 to 130 and then they move south.
Why do we know who any of the players are besides Pudge?
I noticed that Pudge has got a big statue of himself in front of his house.
Did you see that?
Nope.
I did see the statue on the inter-cursor down in Fort Lauderdale.
We don't mention El Goldstein's name on here.
56670560, 0560, 0560 on it.
You didn't see that Pudge has got a huge statue of himself in front of his Miami Beach.
It's a little Pudgey, but it's got a huge ass.
And then I read that thing that one article about how he's not going to be here very long.
Well, what did that mean?
So in other words, this is just another one of those deals where they like, yeah.
They don't want to really pay him all that money.
They're just going to use him as trade bait, put him on a big hook.
Have to be a big, heavy hook.
I'll take it that.
We love you Pudge, no matter what they say.
Okay, I thought he was going to play in Japan, George.
You were telling me all about that.
And what about all the calls about Toast?
The Panther Organization fires the Toast Martyr.
They'd be like, if Stanley Panther, Stanley C. Panther, dare to say,
oh, I thought that trade sucked.
I like sandwich osolence, you know.
And by the way, Stanley, did you see him lined up to shake hands with the players at the end of the game yesterday?
I almost peed my pants.
They get them with a shootout.
The game is over.
And everybody's all excited about how great it turned out.
And the players line up like they do with the end of the playoffs,
and they'll shake any other's hand.
And Stanley C. Panther is in the line, and actually a couple of the players shook his hand.
Which I thought was nice going, Stanley.
You're okay in my book, but don't knock the organization, because you'll be out.
You'll be out fasting, and you can butter your Toast.
Okay, sweetheart?
I'll be there on Wednesday night for the Maple Leaf Games, and all the Leaf Games here in the future for the next 500 years.
But other than that, I'll see you guys.
Okay, I came back for a little while, had to put up with that usher crap up there, with that blonde bitch.
I'm just, it's just, you know, I've had it.
I'd rather go to the track fight nights so we could make a contribution, feed the horses what I'd rather do.
I'd rather sit there and argue with Dick Feinberg about Dave Ingram-Han.
Have him tell me that Don Brainerd's the best driver that ever came down to Pike.
The only problem is he couldn't find which way he was going on to Pike.
He kept going out in circles, and he was like out there eight wide on the road.
Donnie Brainerd.
You know what we're talking about?
I don't know, I can't.
Good. Good. See, I got the new formula now. I got it down to a science.
Wait till that guy calls in again, says about how he grew up with, uh, Leroy P.
Or two other patients in life.
Floyd Venable, June. You remember that guy?
Who?
I grew up with Leroy P. Yeah, pee on this. Okay, you idiot.
All these groupies out there, they're sitting listening to tapes from a my show 50, 100 years ago.
Over and over. Just to hear the sound of my voice.
They don't care what I say. You know, those people that call up and say that, they're not just sucking around. They're right.
They just want to hear the sound of my voice.
So when I croak what they're going to do is they're just going to have a tape on me.
In fact, right here, saying this, it's Neil's voice.
He died 20 years ago, but there's Neil.
Oh, thank God. Thank God.
I'm like there's security blanket. Don't you understand?
They also record some liners before you croak.
Like, this is Neil. I'm dead.
Or maybe they could just stick him like into box.
10, 56 and 5, 60 WQ.
I mean, a guy's size does matter.
They won't have trouble closing my box because of that. I'll tell you that.
According to the Florida Department of Labor, computer professionals have got really big ones.
Paychecks we're talking about. That's what counts.
A big fat paycheck.
According to the state of Florida, computer careers are among the highest paid and highest demand.
Fast-tracking up, you achieve your new high-paying computer career in just four short months.
Fast-range got locations all over town for you.
They were in Kendall, Miami for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines with day-eating and weekend schedules.
So there's no excuse to stay in that dead-end job working for some schmuck.
Pick up the phone and call fast-trained tool free at 1.
Look at George Laff when I say working for some schmuck.
He knows what I'm talking about. For some puts.
Some, eh, goofball.
Call fast-trained right now at 1. 866 fast-trained.
That's 1. 866 fast-trained.
They got full-time job placement and guaranteed financing.
Oh, George has a truck coming out there.
He wants to throw both of us under it.
Call fast-trained right now at 1. 866 fast-trained or check them out on the web if you like it.
Fast-trained.com.
And now you too can have a big dangerous one.
Ride and local.
We're sports radio 560.
She went to UAM.
Am I right or what?
U and D.A. Y. S-U-C-K-S.
I'm a schmuck.
Screw life.
You think blackmailing someone's a right.
Roy.
A big blackmail with a stationery and stuck between a lot.
Roy.
You don't think blackmailing a charity is wrong.
Who's that other's all or it's all it's worth.
We've been trying to post in small.
Let's know if those fail right.
What broke up your ass and died.
Did you wash that knife?
You know you're made to die.
It's up to those men who are right.
Roy.
Screw it.
You'll be the big job bang today.
Roy.
I'll smack your head and lose up your body the way you lie.
Roy.
Screw it.
Roy.
You get my bone, your lungs and straw.
It's charity buttons to okay and no care if it's wrong.
You got them, you life.
You just leave my side.
The kind of things we die.
You know how to do it right.
You got it, take with no jg.
No.
Sorry I screwed up I should have played if you CK for that but I didn't.
It's a level 0 2 5 60 WQAM.
Here's a fact that says a good facts by the way.
It says it's a tragedy which what happens.
In response to our pull.
I can't believe the media coverage on events like these.
It's a sad commentary on our society.
I'm not condoning these prank calls as Jeff and Oli would thank goodness for that Jeff.
But seriously what else is there to do without a control media preempts everything on a year for
senseless chatter about tragedies that unfold.
I don't see what one has to do with the other but anyway it says Brian Williams must have spent nine
consecutive hours on Saturday going on and on and on about developing story while speculation
rule today asking the most ridiculous questions I've ever heard if any of these anchors had
to sit home and watch themselves drawn on and on for hours and hours I think the suicide rate
would go up quickly.
I wait till you're this part.
Had this pleasure of dining at the stadium diner last Friday when Mo Guilty and two others from the
dead air no-here morning show sat down at the table next to us while those two others at the
no-here next whatever that is morning show they weren't from the morning show.
What I'm hearing is that it might have been a couple of middle level management types is what I'm hearing.
The only good thing about seeing them was replaying those mobs in my head over and over again.
Thanks for brightening my day nice rug mo.
Oh I thought it was going to have some ease dropping.
PS Greg called your paycheck was on that hijack male truck that was confiscated this past Friday so don't wait for it.
There you go see I'm ready to make an excuse to pay the aim till next Monday but now we know that it was on the truck.
Just like that check that may have definitely like what was in a year ago.
5 6 7 0 5 6 we got 401 votes on the pool.
How were you personally impacted by the Columbia shuttle disaster?
It was a tragedy but Schmidt happens 284 71% said that and you know what they're right.
That's what I voted what did you vote you didn't I didn't what you will I will I missily voted Carlos he said what tragedy what happened.
A lot of touch Carlos is usual it's hard to see TV when you're in a sink you know what I'm saying.
Maybe you could put like a little reflector on top of the mirror above the sink there to catch a little glimpse.
284 say that Schmidt happens somewhat in practice 67 people say that very greatly 33 a little over 8% and not at all 17.
17 heartless people say not at all I mean not at all is like and that a little bit even I didn't say that but they're entitled their opinion if they want to be a bunch of hard hard
bastards that's okay what's wrong with that is there some log is being a hard hard bastard not yet no because if there was a lot of people in this place to be behind bars right now.
Starting right at the top all the crap coming in on this back machine man we're drowning in a sea of crap.
Here's coconut tree hello. Hey Neil yes sir I would have be all started game yesterday in the skill competition on Saturday right and I said in section 17 I had
miserable and I it's a terrible thing that the fans can be down there close to the ice yeah well no that's a problem with all these events the world series the all star games that most of the
blue noses get the good seats the places filled up with people who aren't really the local fans and most of the people who want to get there to see it
aren't able to get in anyway yeah there was more fancy jewelry than the word Jersey. Yeah very sad plastic. I love you guys. Thanks.
Yes. You know that's the biggest of Asians yesterday sandwich osalins who was traded away very bad deal that's what everybody said including my close personal friend John Davidson bad trade bad deal cost cutting got the standing ovation number two
ovation was not for only open and you got a good one the number two was for Ray Whitney. The dearly department Ray Whitney love you Ray.
And even got a chance to bond with him while he was here yeah remember you're some friend remember my good buddies dog McLean Ray Whitney there down here do I get to go out and eat and
wine and die with him no. What a disgrace my good close personal friend remember he's too busy orchestrating their playing golf in my back yard taking pictures look at this you know picking up the loose
change they dropped out of their wallets. You ever see that and when the old people are sitting on the couch and they got the old friends and they're like
shaking them and all the change falls into the kind of they shove them out and locked it or behind their chuckling laughing at a very sinister way and now they start reaching into the cushions of the couch pulling off all the loose change you know that's what
rumors doing right now. Probably had every big wig every medium wig even mose wig in the house over the weekend from the NHL now he's now they're feeling the change I can just see him and feel even the animals the dog they're reaching in out of the cushions crawling around out of the couch.
What are you laughing about he's got to collect he's got to collect a cash to buy you that lunch someday yeah the lunch that you're waiting for I heard he's going to take you to a great place to
pizza lot someplace you like where the price will be right does he have to go. That's when I always ask him here's Davie hello. Yes sir I can't believe you've met in a guy's name remember you know
on the first team. I have these are the color call that Murray let me ask you are you eating like two breakfasts at the same time now you sound like you're in a muffle. No I got my teeth worked on. Yeah well how about putting them back in your mouth would be a good start. No it's not. Come on. I can hear them physically in the glass behind you there. He killed Murray. They had a guy called the. He killed Murray. They had an old guy named Murray used to call it. He made fun of him. Good good for him. Oh that guy get out of here.
You believe this we're we really got it made now man the currents was tell me those demographics are like 95 plus all the dead people listen to Q. I. Can't imagine why.
Kind of starts in the morning in order to set the tone for the rest of the day death plus 10. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T and for eyes are wireless line. I guess I'm the only one I'm just forming it to mouth.
I'm just not nauseated with it I'm pissed off and fired up about this look at this on the findings of this board.
Darren Mike when I think about everything that's coming your way toward toward barks to air force base.
They want us to be morbid and depressed. They want to manipulate us. Okay. If it weren't for the fact that I do a
watch my hockey games on there I might as well take that TV set in burn it you know what I can put a rock through it.
All your people at CNN I don't want to pee on your parade but the world hates you okay like poison they hate you.
Here's Carl Springs hello. Yes sir. Yeah what about Ed Jelvowski what a good game to what about him.
You got to get into another off star from you know something I heard these people talking that crap you know I'm not going to play like that if you would
have stayed here that's number one and pop out the most exciting player ever put on a Panther uniform okay so always jackasses who know nothing about the sports
and all to you to but we still don't have any you've got to give something to get something in return okay.
So don't be giving me any I know he scores a goal in a crowd any any right well pop out was disruptive in the room any propaganda that they put
through their mouth pieces in the newspapers micro so in David J. Neil any crappy propaganda they put in it and the public right away
sucked it up because they don't know hockey from their ass in his town which is why it was so great we had all this stuff here in a weekend for the kids.
Mark Loa pop it up parks that is kid become a big maple leaf fan because this fail is used to be his neighbors Robert's family and
the not plays for Toronto so he became a big leaf fan and he took him there Saturday morning got a much interviews and Bobby or his interview I mean what autograph what I say he got his
interview autograph and he put his microphone in front of his pussy said can you autograph this he said sure.
Right after I finished playing golf with rumor that's what Bobby or said.
You know what they say about people type too much golf ray Whitney that means too much time on her hands too much time on her hands let's play that song the rest of the show.
For people to play golf. Oh my god especially in plaid shorts and varicose veins five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and you know something it is a damn good thing they had all those plastic people there to fill up those seats because quite frankly
they've been pretty embarrassing to have the all star game here in the usual six seven thousand empty seats at the Macarena.
Somebody tell my good friend Ron McLean that nobody ever threw rats in the sunrise in that arena that was back in the old Miami arena Ron you're okay baby but since they gave you that new contract at CBC your head is bigger than your whole body okay you've lost it you're
clueless and that dog and pony show you put on with Gary Batman every year you're not kidding anybody the whole thing must be scripted.
What are you laughing about look at look at him he's just sitting in there yeah look at it no thanks close to lunch time.
Eleven past eleven already good golly we're leaving here at noon today by the way we got a new schedule ten to noon we just decided ten to noon in fact don't work out ten to eleven sounds good to me.
Or maybe eleven to noon ten you got to get up a little bit to early eleven to noon sounds great oh for the all new near Roger show following five hours of well whatever that is.
Don't you talk like that about our show.
You know I had the opportunity when he was standing in clearances doorway there this morning I would have loved to just kind of like stood off to the side as he took his first step just stuck my foot out.
Because then I would have seen that thing fly right off you know I probably would still be had to go home and change my underwear from laughter I'd love to see that thing I just either fly or hop right off his head.
Don't you okay I won't hey if you're not getting sleep at night there only one or two possibilities okay either your mattress is worn out or you work here or both three possibilities.
And the answer is a great new mattress from our good friends a dollar mattress column right out to a free one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred MATT RES you'll have a great night sleep for months for years for a long time to come.
Because they don't carry crap they carry only the best names in the mattress business they've got see Lee service King Corlan every size and style and you get at least thirty days to try out in your home with the best comfort exchange policy in the world you get delivery that's never been heard of before they deliver when it's convenient for you any day seven days a week any to our window that you prefer when you're going to be home instead of having you sit on your ass all day wasting a day of your life and then even sometimes not showing up like the other guys not going to happen.
If you like to shop online check out dial a mattress at mattress dot com that's their website if you want to see it before you buy it mattress dot com's got pictures of mattresses that the expert bed and consultants be suggesting.
So if you want unbeatable every day low prices on her to great delivery and if you want to have that thirty day exchange guarantee these are the only people in the world you can do business with and get all the way out of the deal dial a mattress column right now you'll be sleeping comfort tonight one eight hundred mattress one eight hundred MATT RES for dial a mattress the answer for a perfect night sleep.
My life and love this is for 205.
60.
Way to where.
Asshole.
When it's time to make some change and he's for remember.
He's so cheap it drives you insane and he's for remember.
When he's the jack car me.
He'll start to run for every hill he'll start the name like a month.
There's more.
What a cheap and just wallet if you pay.
He'll phone number.
If he wants the juicy state he knows the job is covered.
So when I come to the stop.
I know that it's free.
Bring your panties for him because he's a cheat.
When it's time to make some change and he's for remember.
Make sure your pockets can change and he's for remember.
You'll spend a fortune's level.
This guy around make sure that your wallet is upside down.
If you say that you can't name and Jeff won't bother.
But he'll be your friend all day for around sixty dollars.
So when you want this guy to go out with you to eat.
Bring your panties for him because he's your he.
He's here.
So if you don't find time then Jeff won't get just make the place and he'll be right there.
The tips inside.
The dog he buys and goes.
Bring your panties for him because he is so cheap.
1118 at 560.
Another thing I forgot to talk about.
So much on my play man Saturday I'm driving to the track.
See it's always driving to the track.
And here's who we got on the year together from the Macarena with all the festivities going on.
Gully and jugs McDonald.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I'm thinking boy you talk about a strange pairing man.
Jigs must have been wearing like body armor.
So his back didn't get pierced by the darts from the Gully Meister.
Wow.
Here's a little punky squeaky voice kid who's herniatically desperately trying to get the Jigs Meister's job.
And they're like on the air together.
Wow.
That would be like Tommy being on the air with mullin' a morning or something like that.
All the way here that's starting next week.
Two weeks.
560.
560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a fact from anonymous who says,
although I'm going through a separation with my wife I wanted to thank you for making me laugh and making my day.
I turned out to Fox News Saturday.
The first thing I hear is Lori Dew asking is the shuttle explosion terrorist related and then he says.
Unbelievable.
Yeah. And of course Fox wasn't the only one.
Every all of them where I had people on well and Dan Rad is going on with a very serious look on his face, you know.
They're very, very certain.
Any minute they should be a ruling out the you know in between getting all goose up there.
The shuttle is 207th as a matter of fact.
When it first started falling apart it was more than that because there was witnesses in California.
That's it.
It came over California minutes before they saw pieces already falling off.
So it was breaking up like 250,000 feet an year or more.
Surface air missiles have a maximum range of 10 to 15,000 feet.
This is up there 240 or 50,000 feet plus it's traveling at many, many times the speed of light sound.
Don't those guys have those magic carpets that can fly real high and fast?
I never thought about that.
We'll have to check that out.
Could it be terrorism related? Could it have been like a suicide bomber on there you think?
Oh my god.
It's a miracle that there's any mental health left in America the way the media is going now.
Families and mourning.
What a surprise you know.
Families are in mourning after losing their loved ones. Isn't that shocking?
It's a bulletin.
It's breaking news.
Here's a call from sunrise. Hello.
Yes. Yes. It's totally ridiculous.
They're just pushing this whole thing to the whole.
As far as they can go and as wide as they can carry it.
They're milking it.
I mean this is what they do milking and exploiting tragedy.
That's what really pisses me off. What more is there to say?
Right. There's no way else to go there.
Why are you trying to stretch it and you're trying to hide the fact that the economy sucks?
Right.
You're going to verge of going to war and start a war that's going to lead to God only knows what.
And the meantime this is all they can talk about.
In fact if you watch TV Network News all weekend long you don't thought that Sodom was saying.
And Samuya mama never existed.
Yeah. After that.
But I just wanted to hopefully I heard you talking about something about somebody who's finding an antichrusting against a company.
I want to know is FKNL considered a monopoly?
Yes.
Okay. Nobody's doing that.
You want to sue them?
They'll cut off your electric factor and you can say it's a mama. I'll tell you that.
I'd like to pal.
We'll send you some candles in sterno.
Hey look.
Yeah.
We don't believe in monopolies in America. We like to have you know lots of competition.
Or at least we used to once upon a time.
Not anymore baby. Let's watch all those little companies.
All your little businessmen fall like a bunch of dominoes.
Like fat stomino right off that piano chair.
Where can you feel that?
560.
560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T.
And the guy that called me forward said that I'm full of piss and vending machine.
But I got it back. He's right.
And this audience man.
Maybe they're all morbid.
I doubt it because it was the same before this tragedy happened on Saturday like many many years before.
They've always been this way.
But maybe that's it.
Maybe they're a nation in pain.
Like it says in a front of the sun.
You people of the sunset ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
A nation in pain.
We got almost 70% of those audience say it was a tragedy but Schmidt happens.
Okay.
They're not in pain.
In fact, we also got another 4.5% to say they're not impacted at all.
We're in pain.
Why do I have to be in pain?
It was an accident.
It was unfortunate.
It was tragic.
It was sad.
And then somebody sent me a copy of this article.
You know, we were wrong.
I want you to say right now with me.
We were wrong.
We were wrong.
Jim DeFeedy.
Like all the other comments here.
We were one or two good comments.
We thought, oh my god, the Herald's got a real columnist.
No.
Guess what?
Wrong again.
Where are the tears of 1986 lost in the dust of 9-11?
Oh, I mean, this columnist enough to make me scream.
Ah!
How do you know that wasn't a good one?
Once again, I said, transfixed, watching an image in aircraft, no less,
streaking across the sky, exploding and breaking up into scores of fiery pieces.
Did he mention he's watching it breaking up over and over and over?
Again, from every angle it's ever been invented, fast-frame, slow-frame, slow-mo.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't say mo.
Within a minute, turning on my TV, switching from channel to channel, seeing the ever-present breaking news banner,
I move through the a mental checklist.
Is this terrorism?
No.
How many dead seven?
Casualties on the ground, unknown but unlikely.
I find myself ranking this tragedy in a context of recent Imerz that saddens me.
The loss of the shuttle Columbia is a terrible event, but it is not the cataclysmic suffering,
offering that we fear a waitress.
The men and women who lost their lives were heroes, the angrava-ba-ba-ba-ba.
I remember in 1986 when the space shuttle Challenger exploded 10 miles high in the floor of the sky.
I was in my last year at Colorado State University, sitting in a political science lecture
when a student ran out of the classroom and screamed, the shuttle exploded.
The astronauts are dead.
They're dead.
17 years later, I can still hear those words.
I still see that young woman's face.
I remember the gasp and the tears, the prayers end to this belief.
Did you cry when the Challenger blew up?
No.
Ask me if I cried.
No.
I went to the student center, watched the Challenger explode 100 times on a jumbo TV screen.
I couldn't move.
I couldn't think I was stunned and in pain.
It took the events of 9-11 for me to feel I waken.
I stared at my TV for the hours as the towers were, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba.
Saturday shuttle has asked me to let me work confused and pained.
Oh, I mean, this column is enough to make me barf.
I tell myself I haven't dwell on the death of the astronauts because I don't need the additional pain such thoughts would bring.
But if I'm honest with myself, I worry that even if I try, I won't feel bad enough.
It won't feel bad enough.
I know it's wrong to compare one event with the other, but the repetition of horror in the world has made me.
I suspect that someone hardened to this latest tragedy.
I say that knowing how poorly this reflects on me and with no disrespect to the men and women of the shuttle Columbia who lost their lives and pursued a science in the house, they deserve better than I'm able to give them.
17 years ago, I went for a shuttle crew that died in a ball of fire.
Saturday, I felt like crying because I didn't.
Oh!
I wonder how many times you voted on our poll about movies that made you cry.
Do you think they make them right?
I don't even like that.
I'll tell you one thing, they don't make them like they used to.
26 after I figured that out.
Okay, think about it.
26 after 11 at 5, 6, 10.
I'll choke that from this room again.
I think I think most got the poison gas in here.
Either that or he dropped his bag right outside the door in an active defiance just before we left the building.
I think that could be it.
So we talk about our next show is about this one's a bigot and that one did this one's a bigot and blah blah blah.
Stuff like that.
Thank God.
Thank the Lord that we got no bigotry on at show.
Jorge fills in for the pipe smoke of this morning at 9 o'clock.
Hey guys, guess what women really want about?
Sometimes they have to put a little fun creativity into your gift.
This year, express yourself in a fun and original way and sit with the Vermont teddy bear.
Just call 1-800-829-BEAR and a friendly bear council will help you choose from over 100 bears.
Handcrafted in Vermont delivered in a colorful gift box with a free card in chocolate.
Tell her she lights your fire with a new burning love bear dressed like a honky fireman with a love tag to one is arm.
Or say I'm wild about you with a jungle love bear.
They even have an officially licensed love me tender Elvis bear.
Sending your Vermont teddy bear is creative and personal alternative to flowers.
It'll be around a long time active Valentine's Day to remind her of you.
Sending a bear to the office so that her coworkers can see how tough or romantic you are is a great idea too.
Over 9 Valentine's Day delivery be guaranteed.
Call 1-800-829-BEAR or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com.
This year, say it with a Vermont teddy bear for Valentine's Day and be sure and tell them that old Neil told you to call 1-800-829-BEAR.
My life and look all this is for 205 cities.
Way to A.
Stead babies.
Home.
That's a moniker is too many a big fat bone.
Don't want to hear about it alone.
I'm fed up with the media blitz.
We know everything about the bitch we need to know.
I don't call to see the next belly home.
We hunt her down the past the past.
Stop poisoning that bitch on us.
Everybody's had enough of that big fat bone.
I don't really care about who she blows.
What else can you say?
We hear about her every day.
Just take the bitch away.
That thing's at home.
We know everything about the bitch we need to know.
Don't want to hear her going get spilled.
I've got her put in her movie deals.
She's just a woman.
A dog she's from.
A woman.
A woman.
That's a woman.
A woman.
A woman.
A woman.
A woman.
1131 and 560 WQM.
No promos today.
Nobody's going out and doing anything exciting.
I guess that's probably in honor of the tragedy.
I don't think about power 96.
That just makes me want to gag.
I don't want to be knocking our good friend, Kid Curry.
But there comes a point in life where you just stop putting on a pretentious bunch of crap for the audience.
You know.
Am I right about that?
What does that start?
It's about two weeks from Shibuas.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless.
I think I got that frog out of my throat.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
I'm about getting rid of George and go red.
How about getting lost?
How about getting lost?
Get on the old Hershey highway.
You probably got a lot of experience.
5667-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon line.
That guy said get rid of the calls.
I'm thinking about it.
I'm still be tooling.
I am.
I'm retooling it.
9 o'clock hour today worked out well for me.
We're going to be doing our comedy vets 9 to 10.
We can't do that every day because we just wear them out.
Our comedy vets to us are much too valuable and too important to wear them out.
When in doubt, don't wear them out.
So worked out great because I had a lot of eventim.
You know they had a spew that eventim as they, one guy says,
that it'll little bit asshole.
I know that covers a lot of territory.
Former resident of Boys Town filed sex abuse lawsuit.
Omaha, Nebraska.
A man who lived at Boys Town, the home for wayward youth that was made famous by 1938
Spencer Tracy movie.
And filed a lawsuit alleging a priest and counselor molested him in the 1970s.
James Duffy said in the lawsuit filed Thursday that he was repeatedly abused beginning in 1978.
But repressed memories of it till about a year ago.
Duffy who lives in Arizona seeking unspecified damages.
The lawsuit names father Flanagan's boys home, the parent company of what is now the nationwide chain of homes for trouble youth.
And the Roman Catholic arts diocese of Omaha.
Now what was the name of the OS covenant house?
Father Ritter, wasn't that his name John Ritter?
Think so.
Somebody will probably fax her calling and let us know what the name of that book was.
It's an old book.
But covenant house was founded by a father Ritter who founded very convenient table.
Those wayward boys there hanging out which he molested them by the dozens and hundreds and whatever else.
Covenant house is still around but I'm sure while hoping that they're not still having stuff like that going on.
56070560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
And you notice how that all kind of like died down and all went away.
It's like everything else.
The meeting gets whipped up about something for a little bit of time and then they realize that the public has a short attention span.
Unless of course it's Jambane Ramsey or unless it's what's her name?
Chandra.
I look at I even forgot already.
See how to sign out of mine.
Chandra and Gary Conduit.
All that crap.
And now that we want to get every last shred of evidence.
See there we go.
And there it is.
Oh look at that fall apart again.
Is there right behind what by that pole?
I can do a play by play verbatim.
I've seen that thing so many times.
Even you turn on the comedy channel and they're showing that.
You turn on the sci-fi channel and they're showing it.
You turn on the game show channel and thank God they're the only ones that are showing like programs.
I would even watch a show with Bert Convey.
That's how desperate I am to see something beside this.
And I'd rather croak than watch Bert Convey.
Even though he did.
He croak.
You want to say it?
I don't like that.
You're a convey.
He's not.
I don't know the something about him.
I didn't like him.
Was it the hair?
Oh you know who else I can't stand?
Game show guy?
Chuck Swillery.
Oh.
Now what's that show kind of lingo?
Is that the show that he's got?
I don't know.
Lingo.
And it's on a game show channel.
It's one of those I think that they made up.
One of those shows like the new version of what is it?
What are you looking at him for?
He's not Bokobrine.
He knows these things.
You don't know.
You don't watch the game show channel.
He knows his game show is Mr. OK.
All right then let him answer it.
But at any rate, what tell us I just say about Bert Convey and his other clown?
Chuck Swillery.
Chuck Swillery.
Chuck Swillery was the original host of one of the great shows, one of the great money makers that made
Merv Griffin as rich as he is today.
And long before there was any Pat Irvana, we squeal a fortune.
And when he was on it, it was a bomb.
It was like on the verge of going off the air.
Because that's how bad Chuck Swillery is.
The public just, they see him whether it's a quiz show, whether it's a commercial, whether he's just walking through them all.
And they start swooning, man.
They see him on TV and they start hitting that button so hard that the remote control falls apart.
The buttons start popping off.
They just don't like Chuck Swillery.
He used to do the show back in the days where instead of cash prizes, they used to go shopping.
They have so much money in the account.
When Jack Clark used to do the announcing, remember that?
No.
Yes you do.
And they would show like the little halo shot of the contestant.
Oh, I'll take the painted Dalmatian, the ceramic Dalmatian, and I'll take the little assail boat for 500.
You remember that?
No.
And that show was the biggest piece of terror.
Then they brought in Pat and Vanna.
Pat who's got a personality like a dead man.
I mean, he's okay, but he's got no personality, which is why he's good, I guess.
And Vanna who's got those two recent ads under chest.
And it's a hit.
It's a big, big smelly hit.
How do you like that?
A big, breasted hit.
Unlike her.
Just amazing how bad Chuck Swillery is.
He's got to have naked pictures.
They keep finding him a gig all the time.
He'd be good mornings here.
Here's Carl Gables.
Hello.
Hi Neil.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
I'm doing okay in spite of this place.
Yeah, you know, I don't want to be a program director, but I like the breakup.
I like the morning, the comedy hour that you did the first hour.
That's excellent.
I like a few bedtime stories too.
It breaks it up and your collars are killing us here.
But thanks for doing that.
I appreciate that.
You made a very salient point a little while ago that I'd like to make a comment on that.
A salient point?
It's about the administration and the press.
You're really working hard to get us depressed.
And I think that this is part of a pattern, a reoccurring pattern.
I think this is a prelude to get us ready for La Bamba, baby.
You can get us ready to go in there and bomb the crap out of Baghdad.
Yes, it's that.
Kill a whole bunch of people.
Yes, and it's great cover for all of the refutations about the more of this evidence
that the Bush administration supposedly have evidence.
Right.
You can't complain about the evidence because they don't have any.
Right.
Well, and it's also, I believe, part of the obfuscation of the warnings prior to the accident just like 9-11.
One of those al-Qaeda guys once took a flight that passed right over Baghdad,
because they didn't land a ranting, but he passed right over.
Right. Right.
He was, you know, he was extradited and, you know, they threw him out, but yet that's harboring.
James Vickard got pissed when he heard something to do with Passover.
And don't forget that this so-called al-Qaeda gas plant, this weapons of mass destruction that they have,
is in the U.S. protected zone in the northern alliance area.
Very interesting.
Yeah.
But anyway, I just wanted to point out that part of the obfuscation of this action is the,
we had no idea, sort of rhetoric that we're hearing, just like after 9-11,
when the evidence has turned out that they did have an idea.
And the reason why I'm saying this is that the MSNBC reported this morning that the panel that NASA had assembled
to research the possible damage from this foam in the end on launching,
they warned in an internal memo that was leaked this morning of a 1.5-foot section of tiles that were missing
from the leading edge of this wing.
And there are alternate, you know, NASA's one of the most amazing groups of people
that had the, as you remember on Apollo 13, they have incredible capabilities to save people
and to get them back here.
This shuttle could have docked with a space station.
It was outfitted with a collar, and there are methodologies of returning crew members back to Earth
without using the shuttle.
And the Russians have a very capable system.
And this is what this panel had recommended.
Well, that's not what they were saying over the weekend.
They were saying that once it took off, they no longer had, there was a problem with it.
They didn't have the ability to dock it.
Well, you know, this is what the panel had recommended that they could have been parked there.
astronauts could have been launched up to the space station where they could have repaired these tiles and not risked this.
Now, of course, this would have taken six months to nine months to do this.
But there are methods of retrieving crews and getting them back up.
Well, New York Times today has got a great story.
NASA dismissed advisors who were about safety, which I'll get to in a minute.
And that's the way it always goes, man.
And I like it, and part of the other cover-up is, if you pay attention on Friday nights,
this administration releases all of the horrific news like the Medicare cuts, the 18% Medicare cuts.
And the changing of the regulations regarding overtime after 40-hour workweeks.
They're tapping your phone right now, man.
I want to get you nervous, but they're tapping your phone or tracing this call.
Well, I wouldn't doubt that.
There's an knock on your door. You better get it.
On the second thought, get out of the bed.
Freedom of space is dead.
Oh! Okay. You can't say crap.
They're gassing me in the studio right now as I speak.
You can smell it. You can feel it. Can you smell it? Oh, God.
Poor toast over there at the Zeta.
It's a cold day in hell when I got to go to bed for somebody in that horse ball show, but that's pretty sad.
That's a microcosm of what's going on in this country today.
You don't mess in saying anything. That's why, again, for the umpteenth time, please!
Please go out and buy this book. Blinded by the right, David Brock.
To show you the kind of chilling on a free speech and the kind of twisting and manipulating and all these fabricated scandals and bull crap,
to smear and smear anybody who doesn't go step along with them.
All these self-aiding right-wing nut cases.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Line. Speaking of food.
Won't you think about food? I'm never eating again, by the way.
Neither. I mean, just here. I mean, just in general. I'm giving it up.
But if you're not giving up food, how about trying a florist's out? Nothing comes out of a can of florists.
You'll taste the difference. Everything is homemade. Just fresh made tomato sauce, for example.
Freshly made pizza dough and fresh baked garlic rolls that are so good, you won't believe it.
They bake them there every day at florists. Flores are still around.
Okay, a few, uh, we could do it a go. We did that poll about businesses that are long gone.
They used to love so much. Everybody loved florists. And the good news is it's still there.
And the food is as good or better than ever.
Their pizzas are gigantic. Like I said, the food is fresh.
You'll be fighting for that last slice of pizza if it's from florists.
If you want to find out for yourself, don't just take my word for it.
Check them out at 731-Northy-79 Street, Opus Game Boulevard.
Or call florists at 305-758-5351 and get your stuff delivered.
They'll deliver from 34th and biscane all the way to 135th and biscane.
They'll go to queside, cricket club, the jockey club.
Florists even delivers as far west as 12th Avenue in East to Collins in 71st.
Give them a call. If you're nice to little Judy, she'll tell you about the great pizza specials.
Like 1399 for large cheese, 5 liter risotto and 6 delicious chicken wings.
Call florists now at 305-758-5351.
That's 305-758-5351.
Believe me when I tell you, florists is a South Florida institution.
When you try their food once, you'll know why.
Be sure and tell them that old Neil sent you by to florists in, uh, wherever that is.
Find a local, this is five-sixies.
The radio's all yours now.
You win!
Pots not good, it's great.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
This is the biggest what I've ever seen.
That's seven percent and one is half a share of five heads of seeds.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Freedom stand, freedom stand, let's bury our heads.
Mercato, who is at 560-12, we've got the Mandog and Wanda.
Humber is in a building in three or land, oh, the big seven to ten tonight.
Eddie K from GA overnight at 10 o'clock.
What did I say?
Ten to two and overnight two and more.
Whatever it is, you know what it is.
No ball games tonight, no nothing.
No hockey game to Wednesday.
The mate believes are here to play the Panthers.
I'll be there to see that and then you guys in the Panther organization.
Good luck to you, okay, you'll need it.
Good luck to you.
NASA dismissed advisors who warned about safety this into the New York Times to find a holotical on our website.
When an expert NASA panel warned last year that safety troubles Lumen for the fleet of shuttles
if the agency's budget was not increased, NASA removed five of the panels nine members and two of its consultants.
Some of them now say the agency was trying to suppress their criticisms.
A sixth member were retired three star Admiral Bernard M. Coutor was self-settled to firings that equit the group.
NASA's Aerospace Safety Advisory Panel, a group of industry and academic experts charged with monitoring safety at the space agency.
NASA said it changed the charter of the group so that new members, younger and more skilled, could be added.
It had nothing to do with shooting the messenger said Sony Alexander, a spokesman in asset, Quote, and Washington.
Members of Congress who were a testimony from the panel last spring said yesterday they would re-examine
whether budget constraints had undermined safety but several said they doubted it.
Right.
Dr. Seymour C. Himmler was fired from the advisory panel said yesterday we were telling it like it was and we're disagreeing with some of the agency's actions and as a result, buy, buy, they're out.
And like I said, we had a whole article on neo-rangers.com.
NASA dismissed advisors who warned about safety these New York Times got it good.
Well, I'll tell you we can sure make a difference on this.
We'll like that bitch that called you that day.
Remember? Of course. We could make a difference. Look at that phone man, are these people whipped up?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Because anyone we can't get any calls today because we're not making a list.
We're not making a list. You know like paper or plastic.
We don't want to push you too hard today. It is only a Monday. Paper or plastic?
Sirius or Spastic?
Sincera or Sarcastic?
Routine or Frastic?
Got it?
Synthetic or elastic?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
You couldn't move these bastards for lover money okay down here.
This is the most intrancheid, the most intractable bunch of goofballs I've ever seen in my life.
And in the not too distant future I'll be heading on a Hershey.
How are we getting a hell out of here for a couple of months? And people are saying, oh yeah, but you're sure going to be cold up there and wrong.
Wrong. I don't care if it's 48 below zero. I don't care if I got snow up to my armpits. You know what?
And you want to know why I'll be happy because I won't be here.
This is God's waiting, Romain. This is the end of the universe.
Here's a call from Davy. Hello?
Hey, Nero.
Yes, sir.
Man, you're...what you are putting in the words are so...the way I am feeling about this area.
Let me just tell you something. I've had some run-ins with...and I'm a law-picetic, a problemer.
Oh, don't tell me we lost this guy. Sound like a real call.
Call us!
Call us back, sir. Your comments are too important to have them, or not.
No, seriously. Sound like a real call, but his phone crept up.
And probably was another one of those goddamn government control conspiracies if he asked me.
No. Yes, it was.
Or terrorism. Yeah, well, don't start. Okay, don't start making jokes about that. Okay, it's not funny.
Now you think terrorism is funny?
Boy, I'm...I'm telling you, he's gonna turn back on you again because his motto is,
if at first you don't succeed, turn on...
Yeah, that's his motto.
Couldn't get me out of here yet.
As yet. Couldn't get the...the...horacune, is he back on?
Hello?
Hey, Nero.
Sorry.
And you want to know something I do have a tremendous point to make.
Excellent. Okay.
I've had some interludes with some of the law enforcement in South Florida.
And as I said, let me tell you something.
There is a group of police officers in every department.
Yeah.
And I say probably 50-60% that are there the most corrupt.
They break every law there is.
And I've experienced this firsthand. They make up lies.
Yeah.
They do whatever they can to build their case, even if they don't have one against you.
Whatever it takes.
And let me tell you something.
Where the hell can we go to get away from this?
Because I'll tell you what.
You could be a doctor, you could be a lawyer, you could be a politician, you could be anybody.
If you get the wrong police officer, you have to break the law and absolutely make up a B.S. story about your body.
You're spending 13 hours in jail.
There you go.
And you want to know something?
There aren't many countries where I think that happens.
I'll tell you that right now.
And this is supposed to be the United States of America.
And these MFers are out there breaking the law.
MFers, that's right.
A lot of MFers.
And I mean, this is unreal.
But I love you, man.
Speak up for the people.
And let me just say this to you and Davey.
This is just the word of warning.
Don't double park your horse again, okay, pal?
And one other thing.
Yeah.
If they weren't police officers, they couldn't get a job doing anything else.
Okay.
I'll give them the high sign for you.
Hi, buddy.
Good luck to you.
56670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T Verizon.
That's driven by Peter Ren, formerly by Jordan the public tunnel,
Jr. and before that, Mel Turcott.
High sign.
Oh, we got to, you got to know these things.
What's wrong with you, man?
I'm right in it all, Davey.
Next thing Dick Fimbler is going to tell me what a great driver, Mel Turcott is, you know?
Come on, Dick.
Cut the crap, okay?
Cut it out.
You're starting to make a clown out of yourself.
I'm going to bring him one of those red, one of those patch Adams noses.
I think we ought to have a lot of those around here.
Wouldn't that be great?
We're going to have Greg walking around with a patch Adams nose, scratching his head and going,
EEEE.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Can you let me have my balls on fire?
No, okay.
Sounds like a good idea.
Bring them down and we got an acetylene torch.
We can do a flow-by-blow on it.
Here's a call from Kendall.
Hello.
Neil, good to hear.
Speaking.
Love us into the show.
I was just calling in to weigh in on the paper or plastic ball.
And I'm just kidding.
Hey, listen.
If I really did that, I'd still have trouble getting calls because it's Monday, you know?
Over the weekend.
They have to think about it.
I definitely wanted to weigh in, sure.
I called for another reason, but the cops down here suck.
Yeah.
I had a buddy who was a cop and he quit because he couldn't get along with him.
He told me he says, man, you wouldn't believe in the off hours what the cops do.
They party just as hard, just as illegal, just as dirty with strippers, drugs, whores, everything.
And they're time off and they get to do it legally.
You know, that's why these people become...
How about the whoring we had down there in Kendall and all over Dave County?
I was listening to you about...
A couple years ago and nobody wanted to put anything in the newspapers about it.
We had one little tiny article and they swept that out of the rug and then it was like a little follow-up
about 18 words in between the obituaries and that was the end of that.
They quited that thing up like you never saw.
Yeah, you were the only person about it two years ago.
They were working that girl around the call.
It wasn't just one girl and I don't know why they were that, but they were underage girls.
They were minors.
They were minors.
Yeah, this, this town.
I mean, there's a fine line between law enforcement and security.
And where's the way to investigative journalism?
I kept screaming and screaming and hollering.
Where the hell are all these great people in television and newspapers here with all their budgets they got for investigative journalism?
Where the hell was the follow-through on it? Not a thing, man.
Somebody got to the right people somewhere.
They were writing puff pieces.
Yeah.
But now I wanted to call you over the weekend.
I saw a great show on channel two about the history of radio and it was with these guys.
That would make me cry.
Sarnoff and DeForest, I wonder if DeForest is related to that guy.
But they was a very fascinating show how they had, you know, bought us to be mass produced.
And I never knew what AM and FM stands for now.
I know.
We know what it stands for now.
And?
Not, you know, that clear channel is here at Stansford.
Yes, George does a great show.
He's sensational, man.
I've put him on right now.
I love him.
Have a great day.
Yeah, George is going to do the rest of the month by the way.
It's only the third of February.
You're going to shot at it.
What are you laughing about?
You would be scintillating, man, this month.
You'd be perfect just exactly what we need now to bring these people back to reality.
And shake them out of their depression.
On nation and pain.
I'm in pain because my local newspapers here are such crap that even if I had a parakeet or a cockatoo,
they wouldn't allow me to put the paper in the bottom of the birdcage they'd bite my hand.
That's right.
If you had a big parrot, you ever see how big a beak is there?
If you had like a maca.
You think if you went to like the parrot jungle and you tried to stick the herald to the sun settle in the bottom of the birdcage,
they'd snap your hand right off.
That's right.
Snap your freaking hand right off of that newspaper in it.
Swill, garbage, a nation in pain.
Quit telling us how we're supposed to feel.
Just report the news, okay?
Quit pretending like everybody's on a virgin suicide now because we had an accident when I got to M. Space Shuttle.
It's unfortunate.
It's tragic.
We lost seven lives.
It's always sad.
But the crap happens every day.
There are bus accidents when 30 and 40 kids wind up getting killed and they don't make such a big simmus over it.
Are their lives worth less than the astronauts?
I don't think so.
Or anybody else that gets killed.
You people in the media, you're a part of the problem because you're busy sucking the ass of this administration.
You're going to leave us right down to Garden Pat.
You pretend to tell us the truth.
You don't tell us squat.
You're supposed to be the anti people.
You're supposed to ask the tough questions.
You're supposed to be the voice of the public.
That's the role of the goddamn media.
And all they do, how do you like the New Deal of the Prescott?
Every Prescott, it's Yuck-Yuck time.
Whether it's with Rumsfeld or Erie Fleischer.
Haha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah ah, ah ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Yeah, you got something about the cheapest fire
I'm dying, yeah
Ooh
Ooh
We, boy
I feel a while not is coming
Word, word
203 at 560 WQM, it's a wild day in this town
I'll tell you that can't you feel it, can't you smell it?
Huh?
Just open up the window if you're driving around out there
with your windows up
Just roll them down like mad dog would say
You can smell it
Wally and dearfills says I just purchased Gorbid Oslet
It's book Dreaming War Blood for Oral and the Cheney Bush,
Junta and Amigurly Waiting Its arrival from Amazon.com
I'm gonna pick that up today
or in next couple of days
Don't forget Blinded by the Right by David Brock
It's Holmerk Assignment
For everybody who listened to this show
Accept the course for those right wingers
who are monitoring us and we welcome them too
In fact, maybe they auto-read it
They might learn something
Here is McCalla one of our Lady List News
Who says I wonder we come to short story
About the Columbia Shuttle is asked
You've got a puking here this
Since the disaster happened on Sabbath
I decided to call my folks to let them know what had happened
The first thing I was told was
This means the Jewish astronaut is dead
The rabbi was right
I was clueless to what they meant
But amidst these screams and cries
They finally told me
That the Jewish astronauts rabbi
Told them not to travel
Henses return on Sabbath
Apparently this topic was something
That was being heavily debated
Among the community
I was beyond disgusted
They weren't upset because the disaster had happened
But only because this Jewish astronaut had the audacity
To travel on the Sabbath against his rabbi's counsel
Speechless and Broward says McCalla
How do you like that?
Huh?
Do you believe it?
Yeah
Oh, oh, oh
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60
Count 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line
585 votes
How were you personally impacted by the Columbia Shuttle disaster
And we got 405
It was a tragedy but Schmitt happens
That's almost 70%
Somewhat impacted 168.1
What about your wisdom teeth?
Somewhat impacted?
A little bit
Very greatly 47 and not at all 27 4.6%
Crap happens, man
It's an accident
We're not going to go into the morning
We're not crying
We're not weeping over here
Did you know any of these astronauts?
No
See, I'm one of those people
I'm not ordinary
I mean like 9 or 11 was a different story
It was grotesque and thousands of people died
like 3,000 and it was a whole different thing
It was an assault upon all of us
But the fact of the matter is this was an accident
It wasn't an assault on anybody
It was a freaking accident
A nation in pain
I just keep looking at that thing
With that big cross on my front page there
Well thank you for sprucing it up
I put a star David over it on my thing
Just in case for the one Jewish guy
The Israeli guy that died
And we don't have, I don't know what the Hindu symbol is
For the Indian lady
Yeah, but when we find out we'll draw it on
We'll draw it on her
Even enough
You idiots are the sunsettlement you morons
The medianist town blows
You people blow, okay?
You could make it in God dance of Anna, Georgia
You could make it even a candidate with daily messenger
Is a greater newspaper than the hero of this scum of sentence, okay?
I think I'm going to start getting the Palm Beach Post
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello
Hi, Neil
Yes, sir
I tell you, you know, I guess the dot
The dot would be a symbol for the Indian
A dot?
A dot, but other than that
Is our country side going to be littered with little crosses now
Wherever it's a piece of debris
I thought we got done doing that by the way
Didn't I say upset about the people that put the crosses out on the highway?
Well these things are going to be like all over Texas
As if they weren't enough already
Yeah, good point
Talking about the administration just changed
There was a thing here that a sun sentinel
Not written by the sunsensor
About the super car, the 80 mile per gallon car
That was started 10 years ago
And the Bush administration obviously squashed it two years ago
With the auto industry because they said, well, people want SUVs
And Christ what has a car that is in the Christ, their Christwim museum
Yeah, it was in the yesterday's day
It was just kind of interesting reading
And one last thing not about the shuttle
There was this program on last night called King's Inn
About the Hispanic man
Oh, damn it, I forgot to watch that
I read the jicke wrote a piece about
That another one of his pub pieces I know we're sure
But I read it was going to be pretty good
Was it?
I thought it was pretty good
In the first 15 minutes
You had two of Mexican drug dealers
Grabbing their crutches, yelling at people
You don't have waveos
All right
Yes
That's my kind of show
It's on again Tuesday
Okay, thanks
Fine now
See you
I want to miss that
Couple sumic donals over tough bagel
Panama City Beach, Florida
Yeah
Everything like this happens in Florida
Maybe there were a few hanging chains in that bagel
Could have been, got in the water
A couple of soon to franchisee
Of Amy Donnell's restaurant
Cleming and improperly prepared bagel
Damaged the husband's teeth in their marriage
Oh
John and Cecilia O'Hare
No relation to Francis O'Hare
Flushing Michigan
Great harness driver
John and Cec
What are you smirkin' about man
He was the best
He was
He was a old man
He was great
You know what I mean?
Listed all the horses that he used to grab
Bucky Dale and Lord's Lady
And OH Jane and OH Leo
OH stood for O'Hare
By the way
Anyway
John and Cecilia O'Hare said Friday
They sued for unspecified damages more than 15 grand
They alleged that the McDeath
I mean McDonnell's owned by John's
Stone Foods Inc. was negligent
And violated and implied warranty
That the full food sold was reasonably fit
For human consumption
Oh who would believe that about
Mickey D's anyway huh
About McDeath
They contend in the suit that John O'Hare
Broke teeth in Bridgework February 1st 2002
When he bit into the bagel
The suit didn't say exactly what was wrong with the bagel
The suit alleges the wife lost
The care, comfort, consortium and society of her husband
The couple's attorney Tim Warden
Denied returned telephone messages in the door
Of his Tracy John Stone owner of John Stone
Foods says she never before had a bagel complaint
And had no idea how could have been prepared
In a way that would damage teeth
It's a bagel she said
And he said
Oi
How do you like that?
Haven't you ever had a bagel that was hard as a rock?
Yeah
That one doing you
You could bust a tooth on a bagel
What do you laugh at about?
It's not a laugh, it's not a joke
Yeah it is
You couldn't bust a tooth on a bagel that was hard as a rock
It's a ride on to something that's too hard to get through
What if your teeth are crumbling
What if your teeth are like in baggames
Sounds like a real problem
No, no
What do you mean by that?
Are you showing incents
The activity to people like our crumbling teeth
Yes
I got all my teeth by the way
Well it's a lot of caps but I mean like underneath
Yeah
I would kind of like the half-false teeth
You know what?
Because then first of all I feel like I fit in down here a lot better number one
And number two it's so much more convenient
And you have an amusing party trick
Yeah
I could do the part
I would love to do the show with false teeth
And just went everywhere and whip them out
You could do like my stepdad
And take them out and clean them with your tongue at the dinner table
That's appetizing
Yeah
I love it
That's a new diet
Everybody whip out their false teeth
Right at the dinner table
Whip it out
He's dead now
See
Told you
I keep looking over here
I'm sure that McGell is going to go out and do something
I would do something today
Any
And your treasure
Your treasure raffles not till next week right?
Correct
I think it's just going to be I don't know
It's one of those weeks you can feel it
Yeah
You smell it not too much going on
Except in here where everybody around here is
granola granola crazy
This place is crazy baby
This radio station is crazy
In the middle of the night somebody came in here from Palm Beach
Stull away the whole goddam parts sales department
We got people running around here like pointing the fingers at each other
We got the momeister in the morning and can't figure out
What else side it's uh he's buttered on
We got Gildi in there who's busy with those daggers appointed jigs McDonald's back the jugsmeister.
I like jugs, you know, I think he's a hollow flamer.
I like jugs too. Yeah, big ones. Well, he's got a big.
In fact, I bet he's got a big set the jugmister.
Man, he's a good guy, jugs, okay? And I don't be picking on jugsmext Donald.
I think he does a job, you know?
Huh?
Oh, I got the greatest line of all time. Wait till you hear this. Wait until you hear this.
So Rimmer keeps trying to talk me to go into the game yesterday. He bought me a ticket.
I don't want to go. I never wanted to go into first place. I could have bought my own tickets.
So I said, well, how come you're going to be sitting in these seats down up close for the all-star game?
I said, why aren't you watching from the broadcast booth? He said, oh, well, you can't see anything up there.
And I said to myself, oh, I just lost.
I said, that explains a lot, Rimmer. You can't see the game from up there.
To have that on tape.
Yeah. But to anybody who wonders every now and then like, what's going on? Yeah.
Well, he admits you can't see anything from where the hell up there.
Is that a great line?
Oh, the best.
Yeah. In fact, I'll use that on the air and Louis the 14 bucks you owe me, Rimmer. I'll use that line.
Okay. Now we're even.
Then of course there's the mid-Tourge money.
11 past noon at 560 WQM. If you're fat, unhealthy, it looks like crap. Believe me, I know.
I'm unhealthy and I look like crap. If you want to look better and you want to be healthier, a lot healthier,
lose that weight thanks to balance for life. You know, I don't have to tell you how desperate all of us fat people are to lose it.
Look at the beast. We thought he was on a verge of death and he probably was.
Young man like him weigh nearly 300 pounds. He's down to under 240, 236, life's Friday.
I bet you like her in the range of 230.
And he's going to get there. He's were going to get his ass down to like 200 pounds and of course the rest of them.
Balance for life is the way to do it because they measure all of that food according to the zone diet
and they prepare it for you every day. You just pick between two choices for each meal every day that you run a program.
And we're talking about three gourmet meals and two delicious snacks which they deliver right to you every single morning by 6 a.m. to your door, your work, your home where we are by 6 a.m.
In your black sack like I said, our fantastic delicious foods plenty in there to keep you full all day long.
Nothing artificial, nothing frozen, no crap. You just pop your little plastic trays into microwave and you've got delicious meals to keep you full all day long.
So if you want to lose that weight the fast, the easy, delicious way, give this a try.
You ought to yourself to try balance for life. Call 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or visit their website at balanceforlife.com.
Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
I saw last week this is my second time I've come to see her she in other words she's just hanging out there on a
fence post can't go to get much accomplished there I don't think it feels so good that our dear
virgin Mary is with us she's trying to get it as close to a god or son and Lord Jesus Christ
she believed the abortion brought a message of peace as the world prepares for a war but Tony
Tury of suburban straffield said it didn't really matter what message she was trying to bring
different people see different things he said they reckon she shows up in different colored
shawl sometimes blue other times maroon another local girl Natalie Weissbeck agreed it
doesn't matter because everybody gets a different message she said I think it's amazing that so
many people are gathered in one spot to see her like Punks the Son Al Punks the Tony Phil yeah
that's amazing 30,000 people came out in Pennsylvania over the weekend to see Punks the Tony
Phil who saw his shadow or did he I don't know how that goes he said it's going to be six more
weeks of winners what he said 30,000 people showed up to see a groundhog okay not that there are
people who are superstitious these are just people who really want to say I have no life right
better than playing golf anyway it depends on what angle or whether you were squinting your
eyes but it gives happiness to people and it doesn't matter why she's here it says perhaps the
happiest person of all with the man selling picture postcards of the virgin Mary and flowers just
meters away from the apparition for people to place at the base of the fence post at two dollars
each that's one dollar US now we're talking and Gary Quinn of Hawking Wisconsin the US said
referred to the many bikini clad girls on the beach I saw an apparition all right but it wasn't
married now we're talking there you go Gary oh right typical horny american for you good going
wow five six seven oh five sixty here's a call from West Palm Beach hello
oh the last one yesterday what is it so hold the last one from each call of entering
Neil yes sir I was up to game was a great game I thought this and sort of a lot of fast given
those ones a great great car it was great standing ovation it's a very kind of touchy situation
as far as whether it's going to be there or whether it was I think coach Keegan really did him
wrong way for some reason yeah why why couldn't he wait until they did to do this trade or whatever
I'll tell you one thing coach Keegan and I'm reversing my opinion about him he did a great job
in Boston with Joe Thornton and I was it he done a great job here with Oli Okan and that said he
wants to trade Christian Hoseley's he doesn't like Bobby LaWango who's a tremendous gold tinder
I know what that he's thinking about I read you know he wanted to sense the white
down in the minors rick deadly head over rule him keep him up here with Stevie Y's his one hell
of a little player he's great and I you know I think he's losing his mind keegan maybe too much sun
well I'm with you I mean he's he's a great coach of course well you know maybe he
want maybe he was once a great coach but he sure his hell isn't here make it make it one guy
into a real star doesn't mean you're a great coach there you go but I just I think this should
be and it's also do some but there's no way to make it trade for super and I tell starter going
to a different kind of
