Anyway, good morning, Neil morning Scott. Yeah, you're right about that dude
You could have put you could have that was like the atomic clock man when a little hand hit the big head at 10 o'clock
Wow, that was exciting. I'm just ready. I'm trying to keep things on track for you because you know if it wasn't for you and I
They wouldn't even have a station here. So I'm taking four or five time. Let me ask you this question there
Are you doing a special thing to bar night at the game? Yeah, but it's what 14,000 will show up
I know what kind of crap is that I'm looking into paper this morning. I asked George is hosting this morning
I asked George before duck him in was crying about gonorrhea puss
I was asking George was it raining last night or was there like some kind of a natural disaster? No no problems
25,000 311 for Don trail and the Phillies and the wild card all of these things it's pathetic
That's terrible. I mean they're playing for the world and no one goes. I mean you're right. This town's full of losers
No one cares. I mean it's gonna be as bad as being a pirate fan when the pirates were gonna play us
They would always have like an entire upper deck open. That's what it looked like in the Marlins playoff
This is pathetic. I thought I thought serious they have at least 35,000 so listen to this Fox National you know Joe Buck and
Tim McCarver. They're doing a national piece on
On me for this weekend's games really and
They're talking about how I've inspired the Marlins fans and if they only knew that there are no Marlins fans and that the whole thing
It's gonna be a big on a wrong you didn't inspire the Marlins fans you inspired the Marlin team when you came to town
That's when a Marlins turned it around when Jack McKean turned 85. Yeah came to town on the air
That's when all of a sudden they turned it around it turns out he's firing a Marlin fans
It's like saying we're having a party in a cemetery
Yeah, it turns out that Jack McKean for the first time in five years is regular now
He has a regular dump every day of his movement. All right
Yeah, he was real he was real constipated until I came to town and now he's just how much fun
They made it him when he first when he first hired him and that crap about well
You know there's the race discrimination and they got fine and all this other crap and it's just a daughter about Howard today
Howard so desperate he puts on the key and calls Lake the key is gonna be on today at 7 30's gonna be their guest
And he's a call that's three minutes to eight. He still put him on
Absolutely, I mean my god. Oh, and just a piss off power even more
I moved like a mile from his Jew neighborhood and I'm moving in and how many have parties and I'm gonna have naked women and
Yelling and screaming in live bands so that Phyllis can hear me rocking over and I moved into the fancy place
Boca-Chay
He lives in the old excitement. She's had about 20 years. He lives in the limited income neighborhood. Yeah, that's limited
He lives in a villa. I live in a grand
Golf tournament was sponsored on a station with your name on it
And they behind your back arranged to fly an OJ Simpson to beat your golf tournament in Pearson humanly you help
His stuff would you be at that? Oh actually Greg Reed did do that to me. He has some big huge golf tournament going on
He shut down my golf tournament and bear us me with all my clients ruin my bus
So they haven't go cut a deal behind his back and see how he likes that when I do business with a bunch of dirty
Costa Ricans with millions of dollars and illegal cigars and a bunch of dirty hordes with simplest to give Howard diseases
Incidentally one other thing Neil today has got us my witness and Josh Darryl sought Howard David
Try to grab my sack and was within one inch of my balls when I jump back and smack
He loves it baby. Yes man boobs and he tried to grab my sack
I live a nice day
Absolutely
Qem.com
Wow no grabs for the old Pharrell sack. I don't hear no music great open or anything
I don't get there my friends on me
Well, Scott you know something a lot of stress
Manage I
S***
I don't know the button isn't it funny how some tastes just take you back like when you were a teenager
Remember sitting on your porch on a cool summer evening popping a zit with your fingers and then eating it
Well the great taste is back at the Puzz ballast
Yes delicious creamy sump sir pus in a cone or a dish with your choice of toppings
All the great tastes of your body you enjoyed as a kid like warm hero acts
Scabchiefs and our new booker bits the Puzz ballast ice cream you scream. We all scream for us. Thanks for the inspiration
Muff Muff lens here operations manager came in early this morning right and early
Head tears in his eyes was very emotional about gonorrhea pus. Yeah, well, I get emotional about that too
Well, we all have our problems. Okay. We all have our crosses to bear enough. Okay. Give me the name of what's his name doctor
Ove bend over
So I got it extrapolated but I'm really whipped up and see for all got me all whipped up excited with that cross over this morning
No, seriously, I have extrapolated it in this last two trends
Yeah, I'm figuring that he's already beating out. I'm Paul and young Ron and old Ron by handling men
But even Howard sperm because how it's firm even though he's still number one with a six two men
He he's down about two points from like the usual eight something
And it had that happens starting like in June when for all one on between eight and ten sure
So I think that when you were scrappling when we get them the hour by hour next month
I think you're gonna find out that he's already eight to ten beaten out Howard sperm and handling beat now old Paul and older Ron
Or whatever their names are now pretty exciting. That is exciting. It's going for all. Okay. You pervert sure
Wish he was on it seven sure wish you could get I wish he was on it six
Oh, can you begin to imagine what numbers we'd have he was on it?
I think most getting old enough five to six sounds good to me
But anyway George had nice bonding experience with mo this morning
He room or what you're saying to you. I said no. We were washing up together
In the same you have like surgical gloves on or no, he used to get too close to a guy that picks dingleberries out of his button front of everybody else
Well, I always commiserating with us even Moe who hates us like poison and trying to get both of us
Can't even moe commiserates on it. O.J. Gothamethin that was one of the lowest moments in the history of abroad casting
He said only a scumbag station would consort with murder like that. Right see even moe can't stand you
O.J. hates you like poison even a low-life scumbag old you like moe Howard David and can't stand O.J. Simpson
Hates you wishes you would die a wicked death wishes you get in return
What you gave to poor Nicole and Ron you murdering son of a bitch you and in the meantime Greg and
Screw in and fill us in a bunch of our sports there's a they're still obsessed with O.J.
They they would rim him if he came in right now they'd lick his ass
I'm telling you right now that there'd be a fight to see you could get to the crack first and his ass too
We asked yesterday
The best fast food chain we got two pulls today
We don't have time to dick around because it's Wednesday
We got the big noon to one of us. Seriously for all got me all whipped up to a frenzy. They don't know why we haven't even gotten into the pus yet
We haven't even gotten into the pus although dust working on it
What a pussy he is man. What a well. I guess that was a bad choice of words
In the same context well, you know the very upset about those bodily fluids. No, they're not
No, they're not tough. Okay. Maybe I'll draw you a diaphragm. Okay a pus field. They got to be a pus diet field a diaphragm
We asked yesterday which I guess is probably not a good the time to me give the pull result in context with that the best fast food chain
Now we did this you know a long time ago
We can't do it different on every goddamn day although we have two pulls today. We've never done either one of them how do you like that?
Huh? Yeah, pretty good. How do you do that every day?
Neil how do you come up with something new and innovative and exciting?
Well, I don't know the best fast food chain is hands down your pants when these
277 it's juicy. It's the leash. What's not to like right?
Right Dave Thomas is felling somewhere in heaven somewhere in in hamburger purgatory Dave Thomas has got a big smile on his fat
Push 277 everybody like Dave Thomas didn't I did you know anybody who didn't like him?
Nope, and you know all kinds of good stuff in the community
He was a soft food a boy and gave all kinds of money to cheer the only bad thing was he was friends with Tony Cigreno
277 for Wendy's Taco Bell 127
Stake and shake which got a late start we apologize for that. How could I forget since I'm gonna want to turn to everybody on a what you did
So you're both way up and they got 90 they moved into turd
Just edging out 91 like I said edging out quizz nose with 86 quizz nose done very good
Which is a good sign that we got a real afterward audience out there and speaking how after when you are her
Come here so cheap when you go to the damn Broward County Convention Center. Oh, let me forget to talk about that for several hours
No seriously that frost my ass because I thought nobody showed up there of our audience and then the gelsars after the show
When he's trying to calm me down since the only race 20 bucks for abandoned pet rescue and he says to me
Well, no there were a lot of people lined up for the free Marlon tickets
Spinning the deal for the free tickets, but nobody was into it to quote Miguel
He says oh nobody wants your CDs this year. Thanks Miguel
That's a real good to ring endorsement those were his exact words you heard it. Yeah
Nobody wants your CDs this year. Well blow it out your spick ass Miguel. How do you like that? Huh?
Idiot
Quizz nose 86
Poio top account 67 Boston market 54 now. That's amazing since they're like just barely hanging on people like it
They just don't know where to find it
Arby's 52 subway 52 now you mentioned to me that Arby's made a nice comeback at least the one by us
I don't I can't speak for the others. They're not using that shade cardboard anymore
They're actually using real beef and a roast beef again
Right always like dog food and they got the potato cake because back. Oh, I love the potato cake
Mm-hmm. I rather have that them fries any day of my life
Arby's in subway each have 52 Jared and by the way, Jared you're still ugly McDonald's 50 that's
Disgusting Kentucky fried chicken 40
The chicken kitchen had 39 I never heard of it either but the chicken kitchen at 39
So must be a secret thing out there that we're turning the audience on do if you like chicken go in the kitchen
White castle 38 Burger King 36
See Elmer Fod has two D's Fodruckers has only one but then again, it's either your
I'm a bad boy my bad your your bad Fodruckers 34 just don't let him butter the bun if you have a sensitive
Pupick checkers 33 Einstein brothers bagels had
Bought third man and also Sonic had
Bought third man. I never had this sonic day. It's yeah, it's great. I not here
Up north in the South. I had it and it's great. So there's no sonic there. No, they were here like for five minutes and then they shut down
Mm-hmm
What was that other real good one that was there and it would shut down?
Rally some huh rallies. No, not rallies. That's another one. Now you get warm
It was like on biscuit
Just north of 79 on a on the right hand side on the east side. Okay back in the IOD days. I can picture it
Yeah, and that was great a great place and they last too long
But really good places don't stick around
Minisev's 24 which used to be a lot better till they decided they want to be in bed with the donor places in the ice being a
place is a urge. Yeah, they merged with all these other people and it's gone downhill
Minisev's 24 hearties 21 which we only pray that they were all over town. I love hearties only I love them wild shrooms man
Sure, it's 20 pizza hut only 20 what a burger 19
Both jangles 18 Nathan's hot dog 16. Are they a kosher by the way?
Crystal 12 long john silver's 11 and churches chicken had only 10 votes out of 1300
They had a 1310 they had the 10 churches chicken never right there
Do white people lead a church is you think I wouldn't know well white people lead a KFC
What about bow jangles and the churches and I guess why people must eat at that? What's the other place that the chicken kitchen?
Why I like it to chicken kitchen
Man, it's gotta ring that do you remember that other place where I used to serve all the soups that used to be on biscuit
Boulevard. Oh, yeah
They were like a super salad. Yeah, but it was they were famous for their soups right how many days did that last?
That was a good place and it was one of those places where you paid by the pound sound like that like a flat
No, you waited you paid by the wait
It would take your they would take your plate and we paid by the wait and it was great
And then they also had soups that was their special all different kinds of great soup man
I love soup. I could like take a bone soup
When oh grot hey look for the Q.A. And bad today this has nothing to do with us again
So I don't want to get all excited like I did yesterday and it was my bad because it really had nothing to do with us
I just was confused because it was while we were on the air. This one isn't while we're on the year
The Q.A. and van two to four this afternoon a grand tarant auto located at two oh one 25 north west
67th Avenue Miami Lace Miguel will be there. You can squeeze his private stop by to get your grand prick
Pritigates also the best of me all stuff will be there
We know that nobody wants him this year the C.E.s could sense those more hard key chains
Absolutely we're going over like holovon the South Pole. That's a grand tarant auto two to four Miami Lace this afternoon
Please, please, you know, well we need his ten bucks for twenty for twenty oh I see for twenty two thousand five hundred
I was thinking for twenty four grand. We're not even we're not
We're going nowhere fast because nobody wants my C.E.s this year. That's what Miguel said. Well, thanks Miguel
Schmuck
10 13 and by you know what we're gonna do when I get back to town
We're gonna tie him up and let the reen have her way
We're gonna tie him up Stark Niggand. Let her just paw at him and claw and grab and squeeze out the camcorder
Okay
Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked and treated like crap in a really marginal job
If you feel like you're working for peanuts, how'd you like to get yourself a new high paying career?
And you can still do it even though it's a September 24th
You can start twenty third whatever it is before the end of the year is a twenty fourth. Yeah
Fast drink and have you trained and certified before years and so call them today and get yourself started on the road to a real life and career
1 866 fast train the demand for computer professionals continues to grow
There's no better time than right now to get you a new high paying career fast train offers job placement as systems convenient
Evening weekend schedules with six floor locations including four in South Florida
There's bound to be a fast train near you fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify as well
So what he got to lose beside a crappy dead end job and a real measly, measly paycheck by the way tomorrow's payday
Clarets
I just mentioned that in passing you knit with since he's not gonna be there tomorrow on Friday tomorrow's payday clearance
So today to be a real good time to make sure that check is in the mail as they say at Beasley call fast train today at 1 866 fast train
Get out of your dead end job and start making a big fat one check them out of the web at fast train dot com and call them tool free
Please be sure and tell them that Todd direct told you to call 1 866 fast train
We're sports radio 560
You am
For you, drudge packing what's the matter pal?
Prozac not working
Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore. Are you unable to cope?
Then you need to talk to your doctor about new
Fug at all in laws coming for the holidays
Fug at all boss riding you again
Fug at all wife being a pain in the ass
Fug at all
Fug at all has been prescribed in Europe for years and thanks to a loophole and FDA regulations is now available in the good old
U.S. of A
Patients using Fug at all should be aware of the following side effects oily discharge spontaneous air loss
Genital shrinking hysterical blindness
He needs bones unsightly now for this rectal bleeding and worms
So when the pressures of everyday life get you down I need this on my desk by seven o'clock
Test came back positive. I'm pregnant
Just reach for that little blue bottle and say
Fug at all. Yeah, I'm really curious because the that was in stereo from our best of CD
Okay now with those words dropping out when it was coming from one channel or the other did like monow out not on this unknown
It was fine. Sure because that was really exciting because here with my really nifty great expensive speakers
It's not a fantastic anyway. The first pull is up this hour
If we had a election for president today and these were the choices who would you vote for Ted Kennedy for the Democrats and George W
Bush for the Republic of Coons first 20 votes people have discovered that it's on air Ted Kennedy nine
I wouldn't vote six George W Bush five. That's how it's going so far
Now you know there was a lady on there Scott and I was gonna go to her first because then the ladies are very impatient
The on the phone and she's already gone. Yep. What what is that all about? I don't know God you know
My Emmy on line seven hello
Hello, yes sir. Hey Neil actually I was I mean it's nice talking to you
But I called asking how can I send a hundred bucks to your abandoned pet network?
I'm cause and they just put me on hold and I guess they're sending you to you now
Okay, well, we'll tell you hang on so I can I appreciate it hang on?
Okay, tell him what to do
Are we gonna talk about to do or to tell him what to do? Okay, excellent. See there you go
Well, that'll put us over 23,000 five. I mean this is really embarrassing and I understand and you look at Marlon attendance and
It's easy to not but it's just this year
I was telling muff this morning while he was in the middle of all those tears about the gastrointestinal
Apust or what you're gonna read or whatever he's got
That it's scary. There is really just nobody there
I mean there's enough there are enough people there with the kids in school and school buses and the traffic nightmares to make it
Hell driving, but they're just not enough people there to accomplish anything and it seems to be like a new phenomenon
It's not just during the summertime it goes all the way until the so-called season starts the only people are there kids
They got people with punky kids in school and that's it right
Well people who just can't get that all out
Hold me in. No, what is this North-Might be based chicken kitchen hopes to expand into Chicago and laws Vegas
How do you like that never heard? Mr.
Mr. the bird that what kind of a name is that the order of this thing?
Mr. the
Bird the rate
I never saw that with a capital E on the end with an ascent though, but what is that?
That never saw the name that's got a capital E on the end of it. Did you? Nope must it's obviously a French thing mr.
But a rate said he thought his stores needed to go to the gym and put on some lipstick
So chicken kitchen offered a great product
But allows you look he spent a year and a half and 150 to 200 grand to give it a facelift
All the stores are gonna be refashioned the franchise will have five years to upgrade
Menu prices will hold steady still as cheapest traditional fast food he said and the audio de audio
So they're trying to expand anybody to go to Chicago and Vegas and according to some of the people in the audience
It's sensationally old chicken kitchen never heard of it
By the way, this pull we're gonna be doing later
Which wouldn't start on any time since it is Wednesday and we got that one to two comedy vets are which really frauds some people
We don't care
Who is your favorite sportscaster of all time?
Now I wanted to do it because we could have done a series of those two
But because we have a lot of people in science don't care about sports that would be bad
So unlike the dead people let's stick with you know, we can have dead sports casters on here
But sports casters covering play by play color guard guys people at talk sports on the air like the Humper
People like that
So that's that's the list I started with so far. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time?
This will be the second pull today the main event
Here's the list so far Rick Weaver Mel Allen Red Barber Jim Mandage Hank Goldberg. I hate sports
We have to have that on there because we get a lot of votes. I hate sports Joe Bowen bill Hewitt Fred Qsick Bob Prince Vincoli
Foster Hewitt or Sonny Hersh. That's a good list so far
You even George would agree with that and he don't know what it out. We're talking about what you know
Who a lot of those people are? I know what you're talking about sports
Right so that's gonna be the second pull 50 votes on the presidential pool
Just close your eyes and pray and wish that we had that election right now
I'll tell you one thing for fat Ted Kennedy set in shape a quid and that dead bitch's side Mary Joe compact me
She's still dead setting that aside man
He's had one of the few people that's had the balls him and Howard Dean to open up a mouth and really blast this this lying son of a bitch
That we got there until it like it is poor Teddy
Yeah, he paid his patents. He could have been a contender
If we had the election right now today Ted Kennedy 25 I wouldn't vote 13 George W. Bush 12
How do you like that? Huh? How do you look at green apples? I'll take it
I'll speak of this fudge that's the reason I play that the George reporting
Guess what's on the top news? It's a
Naked ass. I guess you miss make it guys ass miss fudge probably really into that big time
So to speak figuratively speaking man, of course man
As the final days of the historic California recall election year another historic development is unfolded behind the scenes
Behind the scenes is a little play on words probably
Campaign operatives are scrambling to contain full-newity rodic photographs taken by controversial
Robert maple Thorpe full-new photographs of Arnold Schwarzenegger. It's his controversialist
Yeah, that's what it says the controversialist the shocking news of Republican Schwarzenegger been kept under lock at the estate of Robert Maplethorpe in New York
The fudge report is learned
Maplethorpe who's infamous self-portrait with a bullwhip inserted in his ainas
As well as many photographs of penises and men engaging in homosexual acts
I'm sure of which Matt has a large collection
Considered Schwarzenegger one of his favorite subject court sources posted late artist tell miss fudge
I didn't like that. There's a picture. Well, it's kind of like blurred out. You know, there's a picture of Arnold and naked from the ass end
I know
Yeah
What an ass oh
Speaking of that this will get miss fudge all whipped up to a frenzy since he's listening obviously right now
And by the way you're welcome Matt for a given the story for me immediately about the California the courts and I yes
I know that's where he got it
Because we had to before he did
Students cut off penis and tongue after drinking hallucinogenic tea you ready for that? No
A student cut off his own penis and his tongue after drinking an infusion of the latest drugs crazed to sweep Germany
The 18 year old named only his Andreas W. From Halley in Germany drank a tea made with the hallucinogenic angels trumpet plants
I guess he ain't got no trumpet no mo no his mother said and Andreas was behaving normally the whole day until he left the house and
Disappeared in the garden for a couple of minutes when he returned to the house
He was wearing a towel wrapped around him who was bleeding heavily from his mouth and between his legs
And she said you call that a penis the emergency doctor who arrived a few minutes later said the students cut off his penis and his tongue with a
Garden sheers and it was impossible to reattach the organs if they were gonna reattach him
I sure hope they put him in the right place
There's a look for it. Can you imagine that?
I'm not gonna get now put rubbing your tongue Andreas could get a job in the movies with that
Dr. Andreas Menero's who's all I guess they're all named Andreas there in that town from the local psychiatric hospital
The student was admitted to said Andreas will have to receive
Psychological help for years tea from angels trumpets is extremely dangerous as the drug cannot be dosed
Hey, I don't know what that means. I am angels trumpets known for their fragrant and trumpet shaped flowers have increasingly become popular
There's an alternative drug in Germany
How do you like that? I suppose crazy kids
But I was crazy Germans cut off their penises and their tongues
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 18 teeth
We'll build that other pool there with the sports casters for them sure they're gonna be like a whole bunch
200 names on there in the meantime 91 votes on a presidential pool
We're having a election right now this moment Ted Kennedy's got 50 votes out of 91 George W. Bush 22
I wouldn't vote 19 and the fact that George W. Bush has got 22 votes
is enough to make me
Earl, but that's a way it goes. That's why we take the polls
26 after 10 at 5 60 W.Q.M
We got the mad dog at two the Humphors on four to six thirty and other tough two and a half hour show for Hank this afternoon
I know we got Marlins on decades six thirty. This is it baby to fillies at the marlins if they win the night they're in a driver's seat
They can ban you they can come with them and a whisker of clinching that wild card with the wind tonight
705 if they don't have more than 25,000 people tonight
We're gonna make Scott Jr. into a human sacrifice right on the show tomorrow. Don't you think that's a good idea?
Bernal live or yeah, it's a good time for him to show up any camp to the baseball game Joe and Mark overnight two to five at an
AM before the moment you know
Everybody seems to be on a low-carb diet today whether it's atkins, South Beach, that sugar, but busters or countless of others
The one thing they all have in common is to eat the best tasting lowest carb sugar-free foods a visit to
Delights a Westboke and your search will be over because I've been telling about these people for a long long time with good reason
It's your low-carb store. They've got over a thousand low-carb products like bagels and breads cheesecakes muffins brownies chocolates pasta
Sausage cheese chips dip soups ketchup's carbolite ice cream and lots more and don't forget to try this month's new items like
Champion light drinks and five delicious flavors
Champion light is back. That sounds like some good freebies come in George walnut brownies by control carb
Southern-blight chocolate chip cookies carbolite candy coated chocolate covered penis
peanuts but apple cinnamon granola by carb sense and
Crunchy-princial a pretzels by carps since to in other words
Zidians are great items with low-carbs or maybe even no carbs
Don't forget at Delights a Westboke you can try each and every product before you buy it through open every day seven days
Week tend to tend around the northeast corner of glaze in 441 right next to Boston market George like I always say
But you're not paying any attention for the next to Boston market or column toll free at 1 877 low-carb
Run a web at slowcarb.com. Delights a Westboke or this is your official atkins retail center
WQ
0
It is cold it is so freaking cold
And I cringe every time the wind blows
In my pants
Something is shrinking
I'm so cold I can't lip-sync
Let's be cos it's zero baby
And I cannot feel my toes
There's a tingling in my fingers
And my pride that parts are close
Oh
My nose is about to fall off
There's a cloud every time that I call and my hands are blue
They are turning on
They might have you date my thumbs
All right
That's because it's still a baby
I can barely move my mouth
I'm a red hot like in love
But first I need to be thought out
Oh
Yes, I need to be thought out
That's because
Brack them
1033 I say for you at 560 WQM
We got 123 votes if the election for president were being held today right this minute. Oh, there's rum spelled the way
I would respond to your question Senator bird is this
123 votes 10 Kennedy 66 I wouldn't vote 29 George W Bush 28
So Teddy's got 53 and the ball 0.6 percent and George W's got 22.7 and we got like 20
As someone would lay out it just lay it out
Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time can be a play-by-play guy can be a color guy can be like a not colored guy
Like I did a sports show unlike radio like the Humper for example. I just use them as an example
right right
560 560 Crown 560 only AT&T line here's Westchester. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, dude? How you doing?
I have a couple of Godfather comments and then I got an awesome movie for you. I've never heard anybody tell you about that's it's the best
Mama
Mama me yeah, yeah
The best part in the for me the best part in the Godfather is when Michael shows up at the hospital to see his dad
Mm-hmm and he finds that all the guards have been sent away and then he has a baker stand with him next to him
Yeah, you know what you know don't forget when he goes in he hears the record is stuck the
Christmas music that happened to him and got father too by the way
But anyway, but the things he likes to cigarette and he realizes that his hands are shaking and that he's actually cut out for that line of work
So I think that's like for me that's the best part
The other guy he realized it was cut off for that line of work
That's that's kind of the way I see it like he sees that his hands aren't shaking
He's like hey, you know, maybe I could be a gangster Bobby damn
My question about the Godfather in part three until now. I thought it was to tag it about Barzini all along
Tag is a pin taggeria whatever in part three is
Michael's son syncs to him a song. He like does a little solo there on the guitar, right? Uh-huh
I forget anything with a song. I've heard a couple different ways. What I can
From the movie as anyone ever heard the recording that's actually in the movie
Because that's like a different kind of a version from that. Yeah, well you just played you know, I'll put greeno
I have an aversion to that version. He'll put greeno is the godfather
Anyway, there's a movie it's a Cuban film. It's called Fnessa Higolati, which means strawberry and chocolate
And it's about a Maricona Cuba
Who hooks up with like this guy who's real uh cat pro Castro
And he starts to like seduce him and at the same time he kind corrupt him
He starts giving him a little bit of Western influence like I think he gives him
Shimmist rego and he gives him some other stuff and it's a great film because it's like you know that you have the parallel of the guys
And at the same time he's corrupting him. It's a really good film if you can see that one you're gonna love it
Well, what's the name of it? Fnessa Higolati
Oh strawberry and chocolate it's in Spanish so you gotta read the subtitle. No problem
If you could check that one out you're gonna love that film. I highly recommend it if you want to see it tell them to give you a call
Watch out for them opera singers man. No, so come and I'll sing by the
Okay
He said kuchi kuchi
Oh
Where did you say
We say fart on your piano. Is that what he said? Oh man, but Rocky was all the time with listerine man
The music see how do we get started on the godfather again on an old man?
All roads lead to the godfather. I'll be damn man the music is so schmaltzy
It's just everything about it the music the acting the characters the old photography the old you leave
Keep buying for your father and it was a canole man such canole
Anyway, here's a call from bureau beach hello
Neil yes sir
Weak from circus
It's no having trouble or one. I beg your pardon your book on the
buffets
Yeah, we from circus like I said okay now get that airy curry to your list
Harry carry how can I left Harry off it or what is your problem? Why wouldn't any I am
I'm good
Okay, thanks pal. You have a great day
He was like a little you know yeah five six seven oh five sixty my good close personal friend Harry
Do I remember that trip to Chicago when I'm at you remember because you were there about ten minutes right
I spent more time on my busly over in Chicago than I did on that trip. Oh, this ill-pentino thing
Opened you know still playing i'll be damn. Hey Neil
Fuck you. Yeah, Harry was trying to say that the open the guy the opera singer was still singing
Bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop
Don't forget by the way you're a jeff herb or in Denise Pop fan bobblehead dolls for those of you who are really desperate
Yeah, the panthers are peddling something about that. We heard yesterday. Do you hear that? No
Mama mama mama mama
five six seven oh five sixty. I understand that the rumor bubblehead doll actually reaches out and grabs money out of your wallet
Is what I'm here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty out of the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
I would pay for one of them Denise Pop fan bobblehead dolls
I'm sure we can get one. How seriously if it was realistic, I'll I say
And if it would say little things like I feel really really
Yeah, some of Denise's great drop-ins, but just pull the string
Here's a west Palm Beach hello
Hello Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, I'm one for the pole
and
giant announced that Jim Gordon
Jim Gordon was great not well known outside of New York, but Jim Gordon was sensational and he also did a great job on boxing too
Yeah, it was a great boxing guy. Yeah, I just wanted to add him and then also Lindsay Nelson for baseball
You like Lindsay Nelson? He had those neat sports jackets. Yeah, he had a plug it in every night to recharge it
Yeah, okay, thanks pal. All right, thanks a lot Lindsay Nelson. I didn't like him. He was but I mean he was
He knows we better put on our Kurt Gowdy because people have hoped for him
But Lindsay Nelson was he was just there a long time kind of like Bob Murphy in the mess if they lie and dry you
You know really affected southern cornpone lie and drive
I guarantee it was his name Dave Van Boring will be honest list
You better not call in and vote for Dave Van Boring you clowns because I won't put him on there
I mean it's exciting as the Marlon season has been and all this tremendous
And how do we must have manufactured those promos the one thing we just played for about five minutes there at the end of the break
Oh, I'm about a half an hour
We must have manufactured that because he never got that excited even when he had an orgasm with his hot wife
He never got as excited as on a promo. I just want to let you run the other hand boosters should be doing a whole game
You're at a Dave Van Boring set it back to Montreal the routine. It's gonna be extinct. How come we don't have boog on here
He was on there
There were some boosters calls you better. It's not no talking about on this pole
Oh boob charme
Your favorite sportscaster of all time
Okay, put him on there. You know how you spell his last name's SCI MBI
Yeah, I know how to spell boob charme and sunny harsh and hairy carry every other name that gets mentioned on this pole today
This is gonna be difficult. Jim Gordon. I got Jim Gordon Lindsay Nelson Kurt Gowdy Kurt Gowdy GODW
GODW
Should be able to handle that about GODWDY
What did I say GODWY GOD
Oh god
D.A.M.N
1041 at 560 by the time just I'm all whipped up from a forerald today
He got me inspired after I saw that crappy crowd at least see he won't lie about it
He won't cover up like some of the other people and I'll even say that for Moe
Okay, I can't say much for him, but I'll say this for Moe
Beside the OJ comment what he was right about and also about the attendance man
It's Bush League would be a compliment
And when any K goes under well, we don't care about the crowd you know that's well
Well, how the crap is that?
No, then that's a cop out that's trying to cover up for the fact it's a Bush League town
And that time won't support anything and it's a bunch of front-running phonies, okay?
And all this crap about building a stadium and all that for what?
For the same 25,000 people at max and that's about all they can get unless they're given away some god
They don't free bobble head down or some freebie crap
Man, oh man, oh man you you people ought to be ashamed in South Florida
What are the sprays? They have no shame
You're right
Just like yesterday at that Robert County Convention Center 20 bucks we raised but in the meantime
Miguel had a line of assholes standing up for freebies to spin the wheel for free Marlon tickets
Yeah big Marlon fans
50 people deep standing up to spin the wheel out the wheel reads out and beat your bag
Assholes crappy wheel to them. Yeah crappy wheel
Try to feel it's the best in the city
That's what Miguel says when he come up and spin the wheel he says try to feel it's the best in the city
He can't afford it to a 560 and then
The school might be 20 eyes
VIP sportsbook.com is the best in town
Maybe South Florida's best sportsbook. It's not located in some 85th world country like Costa Rica or Guatemala or Nicaragua
Or one of those who like uh
What's that the British Guiana? What do they call that now?
We'll get back to you. Yeah
At any rate it's located in the Netherlands 100% legal in license the biggest and oldest in the most famous sportsbook in the needalons
Amstadam lots of hose
Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now at 1 866 VIP vets lots of drugs
Cause VIP sportsbook.com is South Florida's best sportsbook
You'll be an ecstasy when you do business with these folks
Sign up now and you can bet all year long in a South Florida
Football and basketball teams juice free. That's right
Positively juice free like we pray that all the future golf tournaments will be juice free
You want to bet on the dolphins? It's 100 to 100 you want to bet on the hurricanes?
It's 100 to 100 so forget about the vigorous all setups get a 20% cash bonus
Not some funny money cranky match play bonus. It's probably bogus in the first place a legitimate 20% cash bonus
VIP sportsbook.com
That's where you find them online or call them tool free at 1 866 VIP bets
That's 1 866 VIP bets
Be sure and tell me heard about it here on sports neurotic
Q a m VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP
Why
I
And local
Your sports radio five sissy's you a you a m
For these cities
I'm just a very horny
Hey
If I have trouble scoring
I just
Or sit my
Fly
I'm a very horny
Kennedy
Guy
We live
Extraordinary
Brittle is
Fly
We spoil our kids
And she's on her wife
We all went drinking at a cookie
Elfard
Let us you girl
Get drove them home in the car
We're just very horny
Kennedy guys
Very horny
Kennedy guys
I
Want try to get away
I changed her to the heart
She used some to cheat to sue
It made me so hard
So good to sit there
When it's
Pinched out
Where outside the hall
Inside the compound
We're just very horny
Kennedy guys
Sure
Quartz Quartz
We're just very horny
Kennedy guys
So loud
1049
Freddy's lead in the horny teddies got 98 votes out of 180
70's got 52.4% of the presidential election will be held right now if you could go and vote if you could like punch out a chat
Ted Kennedy 98
I wouldn't vote 47 and George W.V.42
52.4% for Teddy
And 22.4% for
W which scares the crap out of me
Visee Dean somebody sends here on a fax somebody illiterate somebody like or I guess somebody who admires illiteracy
As he slud into third base remember dizzy Dean no
Great picture for the Cardinals illiterate broadcaster
Scoot over buddy Blanton on the game of the week by the way many many years ago about a hundred years ago
He's dead by the way. I should mention that too dizzy Dean dead
And you know who else we left off here, which is really a grotesque oversight in our part
And we don't mean no offense by it even if he'll take it personally. I know we got to put him on it right now
Mojaro david right right?
Okay, you don't think if we're putting boo shambian there were sure as hell put in it
It's not a knock on booze, but he's only been doing it for about five minutes
Mojaro david's been around for a long time no writing it. I thought you were gonna save Bill's infer
Okay
Mojaro david's been around for a long time no writing it. I thought you were gonna save Bill's infer
I mean, I like Bill and he was good, but I mean your favorite sportscaster of all time
Is Bill's infer
See even he finds it humorous. He's laughing at it. He was good. He was good to the solid job. You know, no BS
No one he arrives his comments during the game
Here's sunrise hello
Sunrise hey Neil yes, sir that's sportscaster George Kell
Yeah, if Rocky could get a hold of one now and storm enormous hit one the Tigers would be right back in it
I'll tell you what you knew it was summertime when you heard that boy
He was just awful, but I'll put him down for you. I well, you don't know what I put on you hardwell
Ernie horwell, too
Okay, let's if we're gonna put George Kell on there is kind of a joke. Let's put on your hardwell
Ernie really okay, but you have come Wesley Clark's not on your poll for president
But we were just doing like one against one right now
We'll do a poll Wesley Clark against a bush. We'll do that. Maybe we'll do that tomorrow the first hour
Wesley Clark's a man. Okay. What about your restaurant? You never put braised burgers or gloves on there
No, because they don't the wavs don't exist no mo
Have a great day pals see this guy's you know, he's okay, but he won while he likes George Kell
What is that the George Kell was the most Yahoo another X-Jock, you know
X-Jock, I mean if Rocky could hit one now
Yeah, just a drooling idiot, but I put him on there and Ernie horwell the great Ernie horwell would just retire last year
How soon they forget huh even you know Ernie horwell who?
The great tiger announcer and former Orioles announcer and formerly the Dodgers announcer in fact Ernie
Howell also called the Bobby Thompson or more in the 1951 on the radio, but nobody around TV
I guess I know one that probably everybody's forgotten about but the worst hide just one from the radio is the one everybody else got what?
I know one that probably everybody's forgotten about and should probably be on the list. Okay, Neil Rogers
No, okay, no that's self-aggrandizing. I'm not a spammy. I did sports night at the WM games, but that that's just assing
No, I said I don't like doing that. I'm not I'm not looking to bend over so everybody can lick my Toshi. Okay, I don't like that
No, I have a special feed just starting to heal up right now after all that bacon. I know it seriously
My words are just starting to heal up right now after all at the 40 pounds of bacon. I ate that one day
killed me for my kiscus out and you want me to bend over and let them licky licky licky? No
You can part of the whole here. I don't need that. I don't need that affirmation
I know I'm damn good if that's what I wanted to pursue
I could have been the best play by play guy in a history of the human race
I'm telling you right now. I know what you'd rather made some money though
I'd rather make some money and not compete with a bunch of illiterate jocs like dizzy dean who slutt into third and George Califf only
Rocky could get a hold of one now. You know, Rocky, Colorado. No, you don't know how about your Scott remembers Rocky
Colorado's name. He don't know Rocky, huh? Sure dude. Go ahead and go ruin his career
Storm and Norman Cash
No
200 and I mean
Let's go 207 votes on a pull shut up Ted Kennedy 10109 52.6% I wouldn't vote 50 24.1% George W. Bush 48 23.1%
23.1% of this audience would vote to reelect George W. Bush
Shame on you people. What the hell are you thinking about? Are you crazy or what?
Yeah, if you're rocker, you nuts
Some kind of a county pico lunatic you like massive kistic want to see the world get blown up by a bunch of
Farbiss and a right wing born again christian
That explains it again
567 05 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
So many names are gonna be on this list and then we only got to one o'clock because we got it and it's this
Pull this presidential thing will end at 11, okay? I
Well, we got over 200 votes and they're already in just over half an hour. It's pretty impressive if you ask me
So I think it's clear cut and tomorrow just to make this last goof off
I mean this last guy a happy will do Wesley Clark and George W. So we'll keep track of how Teddy did today
And we'll see how Wesley Clark does tomorrow
general Wesley Clark
Retired with retired general Wesley Clark. We former commentator on CNN
Maven all around the good guy former Supreme Allied commander of NATO forces
What's not happening once upon a time and then he said well, I'll be a Democrat. You know, whatever you want
See, I don't care about that if we anybody that we can get in there to beat Bush or all forum, okay?
I don't care but it's Wesley Clark Clark Kent lowest in Clark Lewis and Clark. Here's Miami. Hello
Yeah, hi Neil. Yes, sir
Yeah, I wanted to add a couple of names to that. How about a holy cow
And also down goes Frazier my boy Howard Cosell. He was also a great. Well one out of two ain't bad Phil Rezudo
And although you say holy cow he stole that from Harry Care, but that's okay. Phil Rezudo the scooter was awful and Howard Cosell
That's probably the most that's probably the best remembered boxing line from all time down goes Frazier down goes Frazier right
Okay, Neil. Thank you, sir. All the less Carter was a better boxing out through Howard Cosell
We could put him on there, but nobody remember who that is Hank members less Carter I guarantee you that and I've actually more remembers that
Let's see. Oh, here you go. This is a good facts excellent van Miller who's retiring after the season the 800-year
Voice that he buffalo bills. That's a good one. He's great
Here's one that says how about the legendary van Miller who by the way is retiring after the season
And he's on air put him on the right. How'd you get him on your van Miller? Got him great broadcaster outstanding
I was at the Marlins game last night. It'll be my last one ever
They had only one concession stand open so the line wrapped around like a ride at Universal
I waited for 45 minutes online to get a hot dog in a beer which both were marginal at best
I had no choice but to wait because I skipped dinner went directly to the park for more
They had no vendors walking around the aisles either
Screw the marlins their bogus playoff run and their phony effort to supply a solid product
This team only has two to three players under contract for next season who are they kidding?
I know I sound bitter, but keep in mind that currently resides in South Florida. Well, there you go
I understand it's a great fact
It is help get me out of here. I wish I could hit the rest of the reset button on my life this season to reside here
Says Jay, but I do love the show. Thank you Jay. Good luck to you. Okay. There's Greyhound buses leaving every 20 minutes
Get on one best movie you'll ever make get out of that horse and buggy town
Yeah, you can't you can't beat the winners at the PPP Park is what I'm here
It can't beat the PPP at the Wiener Park
1056 at 560 WQM if you're trying to beat the fat if you try to lose some weight
Here's something you ought to really try you ought to consider it balance for life
It's working for the beast and of course he's a marginal human being anyway
And lots of real people in our listening audience are losing weight like crazy
You'll start seeing results within a matter of days because they figured out a lot for a hit of time based on Dr.
Bury's year zone diet and they prepare all the food the only choice you have to make is
Fill it out that menu once a week you pick between two choices for each meal and snack every day that you're on a program
You've faxed in the a menu and that's it
They do all the rest all the cooking all the preparing all the delivering they deliver right your door by 6 a.m
Every day a little black sack and in your sack is all the food you need to keep you happy and full and satisfied and healthy
Three gourmet meals two delicious snacks and I do mean delicious fresh the best ingredients money can buy nothing frozen
No preservatives no chemicals no crap
So if you're really sick and tired of being fat
If you're really in truly one lose the weight once and for all here's a delicious easy way to do it no calorie counting no carb counting
Let them do all the work balance for life call today at 954
568 3229
954
568 3229 or check them on at wicked web at balance for life.com
My and loo this is for trail by city
A bad new one fox from the producers of the OC comes a new drama that you'll become obsessive compulsive about
Introducing the OCD we need to get something straight you want to break up with me? No
I want you to help me straighten all the food items and not refrigerator. I love you
OCD its fox televisions new number one
2345678 910 show
You have such big strong hands do you know what I want you to do with those hands?
Wasp them five times in a row with water that's exactly 111 degrees Fahrenheit and a counterclockwise circular motion
Yes, yes, yes, so grab a nice cold beverage sit back and enjoy the OCD
But first make sure your cat isn't stuck in the refrigerator
Oh, I wonder if the catch is sneak in again better check it again
And again and again and again and again and again and again and again
And again and again don't miss an OCD
Only on box and catch a special encore presentation next week and it's been edited down to three minutes for those with ATT
It's 11.01 at 560 WQ and I love that. That's great. So here's the final toll
From our first poll today and what tomorrow will do Wesley Clarkon in first hour against George W
In fact, maybe for now like the next few days will do a different democratic against WH day here
And just to see how our audiences are doing all right use some real
Witters too like Joe Lieberman like Carol Mosley Brown. Yeah
Or Julie Burman sure any of them. Yeah, I'd love to do that one
Let's see K. Wood Ledford spelled very badly here K. Wood Ledford was the long time voice of the Kentucky Wildcats
He also was a race announcer. I do believe in Kentucky wasn't he?
I think he called a Kentucky Derby at one time on a radio. So how do you spell it?
Um
Because I really wanted that way. I guess you can spell it that way. I guess maybe that's right
I don't know. I never saw his name in writing K. Wood Ledford
I'm surprised anybody who knew who that was. I remember as a kid here in those Kentucky Wildcats games on here the Kentucky Wildcats
What the Wildcats that's what you used to say he was good a very stintorian voice. Thanks Rick and Kee Lago
Thank you a name from the past K. Wood Ledford
Anyway, 251 votes on a presidential pool if the election was right now and you had Ted Kennedy against George W
Bush
Teddy gets 134 votes. That's 53.2 percent
About 53.3 percent like I said
Wouldn't vote 59 23 and a half percent
And George W gets
What's he got 60 votes, which is 23.2 percent
Just think he's changing. I mean don't you hit when it happens hey 250. I guess I better print out the last one there
One mother plays
Okay, 258. So let me say it again Kennedy 135 wouldn't vote 63 and W get 60 or 23.2 percent of our liberal county pinko audience, okay
Which we're very proud of by the way. New people would vote for Bush shame on you
We're gonna make sure next year in election day where we're gonna make sure you can vote this time
Last time you made sure the dark post couldn't vote. We're gonna make sure you're not allowed to vote this time
Oh, you're one of the Bush people back home now. Can you imagine if it turned out to be Dick Kemphart against George Bush?
Hmm you can have like tube gigantic two bumper stickers
Let's lick dick in 2004 or let's like Bush in 2004 right and the surprise out of Republicans is the only votes of counter in San Francisco
Where's the other way around? I'm sir
Well
Oh look at this 800 pages just came up here. I just printed that thing out. I hate when it happens
It's way it goes
250.8 that's the final total now we get to the important poll to mean more the day
Let me let me just stick that over there my uh things to do column
Because they my pile
The main one today. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time
Here's the list we have so far Rick Weaver
The great Rick Weaver boy sure mess him, you know all right
It sounded to me like you were starting like uh sucker-wilded more a little bit
I think you're starting to like change your tune. Yeah, we're gonna go to lunch. We're gonna golf together
It sounded like that to me this morning and I'm starting to rethink my position on the whole thing, you know
You believe me? No, oh
The fans beginning to blow the blow the uh
Who the white selections I miss Rick Weaver. I loved Rick Weaver
He was a he was just something about that voice about the whole thing about the way he smelled which wasn't too good
Rick Weaver male Allen the great male Allen red barber highly overrated by the way Jim managed the great Jim Mad Dogman
It was right best your favorite sportscaster not necessarily play by play could be the color guy
Uh Hank Goldberg could be a talk show guy like Hank
I hate sports that'll be on here because we have a lot of you people out there that resent sports that despise it to probably a bunch of pansies
Joe Bowen the great force to the Toronto Maple Leafs Bill Hewitt the former great boy Fred Qsick
Under Boston Bruins Bob Prince who has my for my money the greatest. Who am I gonna vote for? I don't even know. I don't even know
Huh that well what the hell you're you don't know you're gonna vote what you already said you're gonna vote for a Hank
Hey probably or boo. Oh, I already like Hank. I appreciate that very much
But you're doing that me you know even listen to a show see that's the point it's interesting
I have that work because you know him and so there you suck in his ass a little bit, you know, right?
15 seconds and step it's that pack into the leaves
And go to the fire wing
Hey, oh man, oh man is
Like
All right, oh
See when you're a Toronto Maple Leaf fan just like it being a dolphin fan you have to live in the distant past
Because that's what all the good stuff happened 100 years ago. That's a great bill Hewitt
Uh Bob Prince Vince Scully highly overrated very boring foster Hewitt Sonny Hirsch Harry Kiri
Oh too bad. I don't have that foster he would think Henderson. Oh, he just was awful
Harry Kiri Jim Gordon Lindsay Nelson Kirk Gowdy who've shambied the booster who's really moving up in the world
Which again, I should probably play just a little bit of
Yeah, a little bit of huh? Well, no, we do like Boogalai. I do
And look at that. I just knocked it down on the other line. I got well. I got a little carried away there. You know it's very carried away. Yeah
So excited
Like
Busy Dean with all apologies to anybody who's a literate and articulate and can the sculler name
Moe Howard David it. He'll get some votes. I want to give absolutely. I want to give you a kiss
Girls in for George Kale Ernie Harwell till Resuda the Scoota Oli cow. He didn't say with an age. He sent Oli cow
He was awful Howard Cosell down go is Frazier down go is Frazier even Georgia members those words, don't he? No
Yeah fan Miller and K. Wood Ledford the great the Kentucky guy
I'm sure he called a Kentucky Derby once upon a time somewhere somehow some old fart will tell us
See we got to get the old fart because the younger people are all out of town anyway. They got out they left
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello
Hello, yes sir Howard Cosell
Yeah, and Canadians are Winston. So are you you pack your car? Okay. Thanks a lot you faggot five six seven oh five sixty pound five
sixty only eighteen t in Verizon wireless line but thanks for listening to the top rated neo-rodger show on five sixty
WQ-AM thank you so much. That was Orlando, El Segiri doing a voice. Oh good job
Yeah, good. Yeah, at least they are aware of that the spanish baby talk son nice going the big oh
We're not putting him on their probably three reasons. Oh here's poppin. Oh, hello
Yeah, I know yes, sir
Well, when I wait wait wait wait wait wait wait see sir let me say it again because if I allow you to do this
I am asking who is your favorite sportscaster? Well, then not who are your two favorites? Not who are your ten favorites?
Okay, I just have one for two different sports. That's why
Well for hockey it's Dan Kelly
Dan Kelly was great and by the way his son John Kelly with a color by the airline
He's got
Ray Scott from the Green Bay Packer Packers
And if you want to have a little joke on
Joe the gassy family Cain fans you have listened until your show
Ray Scott had a little bit of an embibing problem, but he was great
Guy's terrific right Scott remember those wonderful days when each team had their own announcer
Chris Shankle used to do the giant scams and King Coleman did the Browns and Ray Scott was the Vikings. I mean the packers
Chris Shankle very much
The others on I'm not sure from anywhere
Okay, if you put the guy here you'll get a feel for how many you want. I'll put him on there just as the joke vote okay
Thanks, paly how the great thing you know you too. Joe's a gassy man. He's the best
Okay
Let's see here's one it says uh oh, I know that's not right
That's not the correct spelling
Without without a why I think it was uh you can't spell k would without a why right
You wouldn't think so
That's like Eddie Haywood without a why
Remember Eddie Haywood on decker records soft summer breeze. No, I bet your vocal Brian does
See this is one of the great things about being an old fart you have all of this unbelievable information
It's all useless. It's all embarrassing because it makes you seem real old and I am and I'm proud of it
I'm pleased
56705 60 pound five 60 on a AT&T in Verizon wireless line rather be an old grizzled fart then lay on punk like Scott who thinks that the cubs are gonna win a god damn pennant
Let's see who's your favorite oh, that's right. He's a Pirates fan. Well, I don't know about that
You're a Steelers fan which I don't understand but you are you a Pirates fan? No good good good thinking front runner New York Yankees
Oh Jesus Christ like I said what's wrong with a Pirates he's been a joeyty
Who the hell is oh Lanny Frateri has been doing a Pirates a long time. He's awful
He's it not awful, but he's his very very weak
You know and on the heels of the great Bob Prince and Jim Woodstave a guy like Lanny Frateri and Rosie Rosewell a hundred years ago before you were born
Open the window at many here it comes
Anyway, who's your favorite sportscaster of all time. I don't know. I'm gonna vote for
Yeah, huh I voted
For Hank we already know I voted for boob just to be different all right. I like that. Well boob's a great guy
We love boob. I like the people. He's a great talent. He's one of the good
He sucks on the talk shows, but he's great and played by play lost all that weight
He's got a lot of weight. He looks like a human being. He's not some kind of a fag
Jim manages got four and Howard co-star. You ever see him together? Oh, I tell you I think Jim manages to be a carnation of Howard co-star
Down goes fresh. Yeah, down goes mode down goes mode
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound five. I voted for Bill Hewitt just because nobody else is going to
And as a young lad growing up became a hockey fan. Thanks to listen to the bill he would on CBL Toronto
On the face off. Lany McDonnell
Lany McDonnell with that big handlebar mustache remember Lany don't you George? Oh, yeah
5 6 7
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Why sure wish they were hearing me doing a show in Toronto today because these people least know something about the hockey announcers
And something about sports and about life just besides blowing up the whole rest of the goddamn world like you're in 70 voice
Yeah, that's all the americanos about now is violence and killing people just ask Michael Moore. He'll tell you
Leafs one last night
Yeah, at least one in Montreal two to one of meaningless exhibition game a couple of the kids from the AHL scored the two goals
By the way, just in case you're keeping track Scott
Scott's keeping track of the exhibition hockey games
Wish you were very proud of that because once hockey season starts are we gonna be a hockey intensive on his show show or what huh?
I think George is gonna be doing like a whole bunch of hockey shows with the rumor
That's right
Yes, feel anything there's Leafs TV. They got some hot babe on there just to run around naked in the ice and there is the racing from Georgian Downs
I'm sure that all you people want to hear this stuff, don't you?
Oh, yeah, put it up
No
Uh, oh look at this marv Albert as the best sportscaster and crossdresser
Marv Albert and he's not a crossdresser. He just likes to address up a little bit. Marv Albert's good. Hello. Uh, you know who hates him?
I give up absolutely
No
Because Marv Albert's not doing money and I football on a video. Oh, so I guess maybe a little joke
Also as a joke then a smiller now we're not gonna do that
Much of a joke Joseph Yankees enough of a joke
Joseph Yankees sucks, okay? Okay. Here's a listener George says before I moved to Florida start listening to Neil God
I used to spend my time listening to Ned Martin and Jim Woods calling the red socks him Jim Wood
I'm gonna put Jim Woods on there George. Okay
He was never the top announcer, but he was with the Yankees the Pirates at a Red Sox and he was excellent
I love Jim Woods. Oh brother was he good
Jim Woods and Bob Prince doing a pirate games and Jim Woods mel Alan Red Barbarani Yankees
Those were the days when we didn't have all these illiterate jocks on there taking all the job when we had like real broadcasters
It was great
Even George wishes he'd have been born and he might even become a sports fan
Yeah, but I doubt it. Well, he'd rather play it and then look at it
It depends on who it is. It was Brittany and uh Christine Aguilar you might look at it and play it
Play with it 1114 at 560 WQM
Hey, speaking of playing with it if your kids and your pets have been playing with crap on the floor and your carpets are a mess
Here's the answer dry concepts. They've been doing in my house even when I had the two dogs
I had a mess all the time and every a single year sometimes more than once a year
I'd have dry concepts coming there and they would make even the schmutziest most hopeless looking carpet
Look just like brand new. They'll do the same thing for you
They're the number one carpet cleaning company in the world. They've been doing it like I said my house over 20 years
And the only company in the world that actually dry cleans your carpet same
Deal if they do to dry clean your clothing and our dry concepts continues off when you a chance to save 15% on your next carpet cleaning
Just called dry concepts toll-free
1-800-248-5071 and ask to be put under stand by list and then dry concepts
We'll call you next time they have an opening and their schedule just like when you fly standby if you're available
When they have an opening they'll not 15% off the price for you
So called dry concepts today. Don't forget to give you a written guaranteed price before they roll up their sleeves and start doing a job
Your carpets will be drying a couple of hours
They'll look like brand new they'll smell and any fresh. It'll be a miracle right on your floor
Ask them to put you on to stand by list
They might even have an opening for you the day that you call and they'll still give you 15% off the regular price of the job
toll-free. It's 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071 or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com
Even introduced to something called the RIA
Break it down. I knew one side day it would all come down only
On those empty streets that I got off the whip of breathe
So I'm saying goodbye to those songs I've promised
So they said free songs I'm allowed
So I'm playing for them. I'm a listen
Senior region RIA too
Lost suit now the fun is over
And now we are soon no more free soul
Sharing our music until any harm
Get in her no one now living music
Love her all complains and there up in arms
arms
I'm
Holy Machina this is Joe Bourne the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God
Okay, I should have voted for Joe Bourne but I yeah, I just couldn't do it. He's the best in the history
Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time and you know I screwed up on listener Georgia's facts because I was so excited about Jim Woods
And I didn't read the rest of it for his real vote
Did you see it? No, oh
So this I can only vote for one I choose Johnny most the precursor to Wolfman jack and Scott for real Johnny most have the text on the ball
Even us Scott there remembers Johnny most don't you sure do great voice of the Celtics the greatest the
Celtic announcer I should mention with all due respect to absolutely
Oh Howard David it who couldn't carry his dog strand. Hey since I'm a stealer fan can I add one?
Oh wait a minute um
Huh come on you know it is
Oh, who knows that no don't tell me the guy that they didn't do the play by play he used to do like the cornball stuff
Don't tell me don't tell me I remember Bill Curry was the weatherman a KDK would have o-tie
Uh-huh and this guy used to do the sports on KDK and he was like the oh
Geez no no give me time give me time. They'll take me time
He was very very famous in Pittsburgh probably only Bob Prince was more famous than this guy. What the hell would give me what was his first name?
Give me give me the initials MC
MC M is a Mary C is in Charlie
MC
Duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh-duh I think my this is the first sign in my mind going George. I'm slipping
Uh, oh wait a minute. I just had it on the tip of my uh left ear your your lobe
Uh, okay. Give me get uh we'll come back to it, okay?
Little ring of power. I'm serious. All right. All right. What?
I said all right. Frank Gohares. He was a really nice guy. Yeah, he's kind of like a Howard Cosella's kind of guy
He was real a cross-dick and did the sports on TV in Pittsburgh on KDK a
Uh-uh little counter still does but it's funny. I remember uh Bill Curry used to do the weather with a big bow ties
Five six and did you live in Pittsburgh? Uh, no. I spend a couple winters out there. Oh how sad
Did you ever eat at the mountain view in in your Pittsburgh? Yes. That was a good place. Still is
That's a great place to mountain view in god. It's so great to know
It's uh, it's so great to know a bunch of crap that nobody else knows
Five say earth here's about here's an inside show is it for Lauderdale? Yeah. Hey, how you doing? No pretty good?
Uh, Marty Glickman
Marty Glum- uh more you know what to deal for it right? You got to say it right. Morty Glickman Morty
He was great. He was
And I couldn't get in for the nerd show, but you guys missed the ultimate nerd Arnold Stang. Oh that was good
He was excellent. Yeah, right?
I got chocolate if you look up nerd in the dictionary Arnold's picture is there
It's either Arnold Stanger or Alice Schwarzenegger
Thanks, okay. We have to get in Morty Glickman
You know that I met Marty Glickman once since speaking in a name droppers. I'm sure he's dead by now
I met Marty Glickman in Ithaca, New York
Yeah, it's gonna go to work at some radio station in Ithaca, New York a hundred years ago
And I just changed. I don't know what it was. I was going through a confusing period of my life
Like the first 80 years
Marty Glickman New York Giants football
Let's see. Let's come back to it. Myron Cope
It's just running. He's on the phone or he'd be applauding you
He'd be applying. It's just kidding. I told you it would come back to me because I haven't heard his name in a
Akunz age Myron Cope. That's the Pittsburgh. I get him on the list by the way. See OPE. Okay. Myron is in Myron Cone
How do you like that Scott sooner or later? I knew it
I'm sorry what Myron Cope that's him it just came back say
5 6 7 0 and I realized a lot of these are first grizzled first
But you know the interesting part of this is just like everything else the good stuff
I know this sounds awful, but the good stuff was a while ago
You know now that you got all these little rich jocks doing the ball games
I mean how many great sports cashews do you have today really when you come right down to it with the exception of all our
Colleagues on WQM sports obsessive nerds sick radio how many of you got
Huh?
Third man again a whole country and a lot of those guys are guys that have been around for a hundred years like Vince Scully still around
He's still doing those games even though he's highly overrated. God is he boring
I know hit here a perfect game for a sandy co-fit. Oh my god. How could we forget and you really slipped up there mr
Mr. Hockey fan my close personal friend Mike Lang
From the Pittsburgh Penguin
The
Chroma time he gives up the lead for the three
Info pray doesn't know whether to cry or want to watch
Oh, what a guy Mike Lang how could I leave Mike off the list? Don't he be really pissed? I don't know all time
No seriously. I mean from Pittsburgh in this guy you're sitting there with this got the make-believe Scott
He's supposed to be a Pittsburgh guy. You don't mention Mike Lang in supposed to be a hockey maven I was answering the phones
Oh my god, and we left off the facts are coming in now billin for Lauderdale says chick her
chick her and I think that most of them interview chick on a year and tomorrow course take died a while back
But few months ago check her and he was there for a long time
100 years on the west coast chick her and you got him we got him we already sent it
Okay, here's a two I mean we ordinarily leave it only one but and you can't well
I mean we have to separate them as individuals, but you know Pat Summaryll and John Madden, okay
And since we're putting these people out and I don't want to get the hump or upset how about his close personal friend Al Michaels, huh?
He ain't no chop liver
I personally think he's overrated especially since he did that interview with Mo
But I think he's a little overrated. He's he's good. He's good. Do you believe in miracles? Huh? No, no that line is also highly overrated
It was no
You know it was none of that does anybody know what I'm talking about? You're good
Here's another one says Mike Lang thank you. This we finally got him on it. I would have been really embarrassing. Oh my god
Himillian degrading by the way the penguins are gonna really suck this years. Cut. They sure are five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line
The votes are coming in now Howard co-sale. That's a good choice
You know in a in a lifetime
There are people who come along and I'm not saying this to be flowery
But there are people with all respect in my good friend Dave Johnson who's one of yours by the way George
He's the spend my what oh I saw
But Howard co-sale because he hated Howard, but uh Howard co-sale
I guess to know almost I hate him, but he was one of a kind there was nobody like him
He is what made Monday night football what it became I don't care what anybody else tells you boys and girls
He was the one and that's why all these desperate attempts
They've made it try to be kindled the previous glory hole years and it ain't could ever work because there's only when he will not be born again
He was Jewish
Howard co-sale 13 Jim Manditz who's almost Jewish because he works with the real professional Jew. He's got 11
I hate sports eight told you
Harry carries got eight male Allen eight Vince gully eight Kirk gaudy five
Remember when Kirk out he was in an iod. No
Might always name spelled with a C in that with a K. I just mentioned that for Eric who does want to be looking literate
He just told how it's got four most got four absolutely all right mom man
Now he and his wife voted who else
Fred Q63 Bob prints got three Marv Albert three Ernie how else got a pair sunny Hershey's got a pair
Red Barbers got two highly overrated Rick Weaver two Joe Bowen two Van Miller two and then
Downhill from there. It's a moves out one. Oh, that was a you me
Oh out of the first nine years so votes this I like this pull today, you know
Because I'm interested in this craft if you're not like George and you figure out this is really boring
Oh, I think even you like even you like it kill some good time. Hmm
That's what we're here for 27 past 11 at five sixty WQM announcing the big humongous gigantic
2003 Neil Rogers blowout sale going on right now at helipondiac GMC
Joe Prieto Tom Limon all our good buddies over there give him give you the lowest prices anywhere in the universe
Neil deal number one waiting for you right now save up to seven grand with the highest rebates of the year plus deep discounts
Neil deal number two get yourself 0% financing for up to
Five count them five years and you can lease a 2003 Pontiac Grand Prix GT2 right now at helipondiac for only
279 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles a year and two thousand dollars out of pocket
That's correct only 279 bucks a month. That's all you pay. Helips also got great deals on you cons and denali's as well
And how it's also got a great selection of certified pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs
If you've got credit problems if you have a blemish or two on your body and on your credit report
Makes no difference because they'll work with you to cut you a deal at helip. That's why they're in business
It's the big 2003 Neil Rogers blowout sale going on right now as I speak at helipondiac GMC
134-1 South Dixie Highway that's on us one right across from the prestigious falls open every day seven days a week
For more info on Neil deals call the special Neil deal hotline tool free
One triple eight five three four forty two oven and don't forget all these Neil deals
subject to credit approval see the post at helipond for all the details
That said the one and only Halipodiac GMC when you go on at lot the very first time you'll agree with me
They really are professional grace
Five and a local this is five six years
There are years of yours
You
Say Tom Decker no, I'm not I sure hope not no no that's way to
Or kill or Bill mazer no Bill mazer is good, but another guy that did get his stuff right
Sting and Baron you work for him didn't yeah, but um I the last I was listening you had forgotten your favorite play by play guy
Jack fuck yeah
Did you hear that that was in stereo
He wasn't my favorite play he was my favorite Rochester Redwing play by play guy better than Tom Decker by quite a bit
But I call and Joe Colony was pretty weak Joe Colony was weak. I like that
But I used to I love listen to dizzy Dean when I was a kid
Well three ducks down upon and
Dooses are wild two out two on two oh
How that they were when he started with that slud into third man. It's just that was the end for me
When the games got boring he would do his rendition of the wall bash cannonball
Yeah, I remember that and buddy blightner were tried to jump out of the boot three different times or Peewee
He did the games with Peewee Reese or wild you know
But yeah, but that was after buddy blightner got screwed over you do know that story don't you well
Know what's that is that on CBS originally buddy blightner
Who was great he was one of the few x-jots who was a great broadcaster to the same Louis Hawks for years on
KM wax yeah, and anyway
He was the main guy under but they thought that dizzy Dean was getting candid dizzy in his agent pulled some strings behind
The scene and they can buddy blightner they stabbed him in the back and got Peewee Reese another illiterate jok in there
And jeez yeah
Then I use the buddy blightner from the my house and a Rochester on I get the KM wax because you could pick up the signal
I listen to Bob Pettit and Cliff Agan and then I think I was a big Hawks fan in those days
Thanks to buddy blightner see a great play by play announcer can make you a sports fan
Yeah, yeah, absolutely and speaking of great announcers who talk much too loud
There was an interesting piece on a racing network yesterday about Roger Houston the first voice at Pompo no Park
He was the first voice we had to turn down the speakers when he left he was the first voice and the loudest voice
Wow, they were playing some of his calls from the a little brown drug and man
I thought my speakers were gonna pit it was so loud it was brutal. Oh, he's great for the jug
But I don't think I could stand 18 races back to back to back little on the loud side and what a mammoth ego man
I'll tell you it's just scary. You know, he's really a good guy too in person. You see? Yeah, I kind of like you, you know
Haha
A gigantic ego but really good guys, thanks a lot dick. I'm telling buddy Bommar about you oh buddy Bob Bommar buddy Bommar was the bowling
He was the he was the bowler shaking for a strike with bring Joe Wilson you have to put him on there. There you go
Oh take it by dick. Goodbye dick. See you soon. Alright dick fiber from pompino park
I wonder how B Farber's doing
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line my mind at this late stage of wildlife is put it with absolutely useless
crappy information. He don't forget this afternoon. This ain't crappy at that's marginal
Look for the QM van and lovely Miguel 2 to 4 this afternoon a grand tyrant auto at 20125
North was 67th Avenue and prestigious no speaking English. Miami Lakes. You're not gonna leave this what he just walked in and asked
Did he read that yet and then you started?
I
Guess they don't want your CD this year. How Miguel
Stop how to get your grand pre tickets. You can also get your best of the larger CDs cassettes and the key chains
From all Howard David and David chain and the Jim Man did change. That's a grand tyrant auto 2 to 4 my relation
If we don't raise 20 bucks more than 20 today for best of Neil and McGillian coming back tomorrow and do
Deweens off him forever
His scroll was scrawly. It's giant's higher not oh
Oh
Well, where's the dot on the eye he just dotted it
He came in here and he got it. Yes, where's the dot on the
Like I said giant tyrant auto. It's the giant. Oh you he's
A stick five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and T line Howard Cosell
21 votes Jim Manage the widely popular two men. All right 18. I hate sports 16
Well, good luck to you. We're having a good time. Harry carry 12. It might be it could be it's my lalim would 11
Vince got no you know about meld you know that he had a
I for the boys
Vince gully ate mo Howard David at seven
Kurt gaudy six or any how well four sunny hers for my Robert for Rick Weaver four Bob Prince three
See what I don't understand remember we did the poll on your favorite dolphin play by plan answer
no
Yes, we did not that many weeks ago when I was down there we did that thing and Rick Weaver one hands down your pants
Well, how come if that's the case? Of course more Howard David has done just more than the dolphins
He's done the NFL and all kinds of other stuff
But how come Rick Weaver is sucking wind here today so far. See I don't I don't get it
It's called creepers or maybe no or maybe just our audience is all gone
That could be positive. Maybe that's why nobody wants the best in the LCD
Maybe the audience is all gone. What do you think? They're long gone man. They're busy listening to what's his name? What's his name?
Shit, right. Oh, that's spit
Drony Roman oh, we can on yet right yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's Miramar. Hello
Hey, how's it going Neil pretty good? Listen, uh, well, we're gonna go with Howard for sure too
Definitely yeah two things
We're quick did you get the DVD for small bill?
No, I didn't even know there was one. Yeah, the season one came out of DVD just here. Wow
Yeah, you gotta get it. And by the way don't forget next Wednesday I start the new season on small bill on WB at eight o'clock
That was gonna be my next question actually
Okay, thank you. Do you go you got it? See there's my psychic powers again. He was gonna ask me when is the new season start next
Wednesday October number one at 8 p.m. on the WB
It's the evil clerk would at the red crypt the night ring
All kinds of things and whip it out and the doing the lower index things. He's whipping out that
Trousers snake five six seven oh fine. I heard it's out of this world five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
So it's giant tarant auto. I mean, you know, it would probably help if you give us the right name
Where you're gonna be Miguel for people who would like to know your nitpicking. Yeah, exactly
Anyway, twenty before noon. We got the mad dog of the wildly popular mad dog was read on Howard Cosswell's ass. Wow
That is I'd like to have a picture of that
Now for flip the Howard's wing by the way Dave Johnson hates Howard Cosswell like Poison City was a real prick
But that's what he said and believe me Dave goes is
Wigs by now you've been hearing about laminets or us and is this the right spot? No, oh you see no you see what the problem is
No, see she know it's a logical law of sky. You see what she did. Yes. I do. She put it as a second
Whoever this draw is who's doing law she may be a very nice lady
But she doesn't know it will say the laminets are us for next spot. Keep that in mind
Keep a subliminal thing in the back of your mind folks about the hardwood flooring and how expensive it is
Okay, what?
Well, no, it's not the right spot
I want to do these in a right order
But she's sticking like live spots in the middle of bracelet and again
She probably had a poor teacher because Phyllis was too busy. Did them with her?
OJ Simpson blow up though, huh? Try to hump it
The frickin water Nazi don't mess with my log. You know that bitch
Anyway, VIP sportsbook.com is where it's at baby
It's out for his best sportsbook and of course this time of the year
All the sportsbooks start claiming they're the biggest to the best and make misleading offers
99% of these bookies that you're about especially on this sports obnoxious station are in the jungles of some 85th world country
You might never even see your money again
So this year move up in class and plunge your guts with confidence. I mean it's your money. We're talking about and do business with VIP sportsbook.com
The oldest the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands when you call it out to say I'll stop the belief and you'll say, huh?
There are 100% legal in license too
Listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now at 1 866 VIP bets
Because their south float is biggest the best the people you can trust
Sign up right now. You can bet all year long and all the south float of football and basketball teams
Juice free. You want a bet on the dolphins? It's 100 to 100
Don't bet the house by the way for them to win
What about the Huracans? It's 100 to 100 so forget about the vigorous all-sons get a 20% cash bonus
Not some silly funny money max play bonus either
VIP sportsbook.com. That's how you find them online or call them toll free at 1 866 VIP bets
And tell them that the old plunger Neil told you to call 1 866 VIP bets. Tell me heard about it on QA
Marty Perrano the great left-headed boulder from Syracuse, New York VIP sportsbook.com where you are
The VIP
You
If the terror is warning
So as you drive on into world
Be alert
The White House says we're all doing now can't be sure where they might strike a neck
Yeah, we're nervous Rex because of all of us friends
Rumsville says we better watch out. He is the word I feel it clear
It's a terror is warning
Oh
The government says be prepared
And I'm scared
They say not if but when now
Not specific threats are a joke
Yeah, I think there are hopes they could give me
I think that I just will know again
Live my life enjoy the ride
In my life
I'm
Terrorist
Oh
I'm nervous the way that it started it
We too was 14 to noon at 560 teni and candle has probably the biggest ass sucker I've ever encountered in my life
He's first spent all summer looking your butt, which is fine. You know, he's entitled probably tastes good to him
And now he's looking to boosters bud. I don't I don't know how he's got room. Maybe he's got like a fork tongue
Can you see that?
Look at both back home at the same time
But anyway, he has the facts here about boog is becoming the greatest sportscaster
He said kudos to the hammer for the fine because I guess the hammer is the one who uh
Uncovered boog in a dumpster somewhere okay back when boog was big in a fat and disgusting
It says just listen to a rain delay spectator and as long as maybe you won't fall asleep the boog's shot
Not a boog's good. He's very good. They ought to get they ought to dump but because they've mismanaged the broadcast on a whole thing
They screwed up a jo angel to make room for davel brine and then like a couple of weeks later davel brine said
Oh, I'm a real star. I'm going to ESPN screw you guys and so jo angel went out to San Francisco and
fell into a bucket of crap and got with a giant so I'd up in a world series and our women
They're division by 100 games this season nice going to angel good guy man. We like to angel
So davel brine who was highly overrated
They made made a way for him that was under the john Henry regime and now they brought in this
Terminally boring guy to use to do the games on the internet month y'all
Dave and boring who's got a really hot wife and a bad hair piece and he's up up in a way as where they ought to send him
With the fifth dimension and merrill and mccuckoo
Cuckoo cook or a chew
At any rate look at that the man see we got some bad spellings on the pull which we apologize for that
But that's because we got two uh guys don't know nothing about sports
Co-cells like that one s Eric only one s and Harry carry i'm pretty damn sure spelled carry ca r a y
That's probably George's fault my fault
Well nobody would know that except the next word like me Jim man. It's his moving in the first place
Right
Mad dog 32 Howard co-cell 29. I hate sports 23
Harry carry 15 and matter how you spell it smell it mel Alan 13
Kirk gaudy nine
I always heard was good. Who was the guy that used to do Paul christman?
Wasn't it with that the color guy in the football games and the old afl and Kirk out into the afl?
I didn't be see
Come on Scott before my time before my husband afl and then there was a ludi regatus
There's no one's name luo aldi regatus aldi regatus. What is i i picture the humpar nose these names
We're gonna have a show one day uh Scott and Hank and I we're gonna sit around and the eddy Kay
And we're gonna end the and mo and we'll sit around and we'll reminisce about for it for it
But you'll have to be over the age of a hundred to listen because all the punks they don't know when any of these people are like Scott
All the all the anybody under 100 knows that know who these people are i'm de grade. Well you missed a good stuff
I can't help it. I'm sorry. No seriously. Hey, it would be better than one of those stupid hockey shows
Oh, oh all right. Yeah
Hockey show and stuff for that's like having a show on god damn kosher food in Siberia
Yeah, but they like it although they do sense some of the juiced Siberia. So that's a bad example i guess
Kirk outie nine vince scully eight moe Howard David had speaking to some of those usable log in Siberia eight
Now actually we're starting to get cozy with moe. I think there's a chance there don't you what
Georgia was saying this morning that they were peeing together
Well, we were washing
They said that they were gonna be in field and stream together. I was actually pooping
Rick weaver seven. He's right on mose-ass
Bob princes god six or any harwell five. This is tough. This is a tough one. There's so many great ones
Most of them from way back
Sunny Hersh for Van Miller for red barber for pet summer all four tick hern three Fred Q6 three
I think I got some for a Q6 in here, but it's not very good. Don't I?
I don't know. It's not a really agree
He's got one for a two to one Bruins. Please. Yeah, that wasn't very good. He was great. Fred Q6 was sensational. He's still alive by the way
Still alive for a Q6 and certainly a lot better than those awful guys that got through in the Bruins games now
Oh my god. The Dale Arnold. He I think he's a pansy. He's awful
And who's the other guy that does it with a heavy oh Nguyen I said
Scott you know nothing Bruins
Yeah, now Rangers. I got John Davidson
Oh John David JD would be good. I guess absolutely. No. All right. I'll put him on her
Put on John Davidson JD JD JD air rumors got his tongue so far of JD's ass man
They'll never find a gunny to have like an operation
Come on. Come on. Come on. Come on. Yeah, I'll break you six three bills in first got three I told you belong to other
El Michaels to probably hankin somebody else Joe bones got appear
Hey, we must have some leaves fans listening all right
Leaves too much you all wanted a meaningless exhibition last night both teams look flat
They don't care. Phil he what's got my vote foster he what's got one. There's another guy
Somebody Lindsey Nelson one Marty Glitchman one Johnny most got one we got round
But the havelet takes stole a ball. That's one of the great one of the you know that'd be a good pull someday
Which you really put you guys into a common you have no idea the great calls in the history of sports
No listen to me
Have a check stole a ball. I was Johnny most do you believe in miracles al Michaels and the Olympics?
US team wins
Uh
Bobby Thompson hits on my rush of Hodges goes crazy the giants wind dependent to giants wind dependent even George has heard that
Hmm. Did we used to have that?
My red coat one dizzy Dean one and everybody else to got the Humphors got one. I was oh you voted for uh
Boog
Well, that's his vote
You go
Boog
Jim Woods don't have any and either does my my clang has no votes engine Gordon no vote and Rick Generat no votes George Kelln no votes thank god
My god, what a my clang has no votes shame on you. Where's our Pittsburgh people? Huh they're all gone
Yeah, nobody wants your crappy CDs no more your uh Neil whatever your name is yeah
Let's see. I know you hate basketball and most of South Florida probably hasn't heard his work
But my pick is the legendary
Lake your great chick her knees already on there uh Tucker
Tucker's generally a pretty good fact here, but Tucker is uh mother today
It says an innovator and a uh something talent
True talent
PS used to be a basketball fan, but he today's he might agree with that
I was a big uh sandalous hot fan just strictly because of buddy Blatner
Guy tried to retire two different times in the fans wrote in so many letters and telegrams of protest
The extended his career buddy Blatner was great. He was sensational
You remember that don't you George on KMORX?
Yeah
Here we go somebody votes for Joe Angel. Let's put them on there Joe who actually acknowledged my existence remember that time
Thanking the broadcast mavens or whatever I said about his getting screwed by the marlins. Oh, yeah
It says for the first few years at marons. I used to love Joe Angel says Kevin
Also enjoyed mark van der mere on a hercun broadcast. We had to put mark van der mere on he's a good guy
Although who was it that turned him against me? Mark van der mere oh was Joe's again. Oh, he's actually wasn't him was his wife remember that
Didn't happen his wife used it didn't happen mark loves you
But I his wife uh they always said it was his wife that would call. How come you pick on Joseph Gackie all the time
Well some broad maybe good Dutch boy mark van der mere man whose family came from Amsterdam great god
Good Dutchman excellent talent
Went on the broadcast the Dallas Tech they they the Houston Texans
Who beat the dog then they beat the dolphins in the first game where I dream that Scott was ever like
Yeah
hahaha
I thought I just dreamt that a little girl's team beat the dolphins to open a game of the season
Could have been like a nightmare
Wow, and it was in Miami of pp park no less your robby's turning over in his grave and the shoes mice
There must be laughing up his sleeve and even Jimmy's got his Johnson out. He's so excited
See one thing about the s coaches. I really think they want their their their successors to fail don't you sure sure
Because that was the whole thing because Jimmy Johnson set up Shula for getting
Can which he didn't any everybody said you know he made the deal he resigned which he didn't he got can and then Jimmy of course fell flat on his that what
I know that's true. No, it isn't true. Nobody else talks about it except nobody else on this station
We'll talk about it, but Shula got blown out behind the scenes and then of course they made that big thing about oh no
He announced the sp and the night before they called him a camera crew. He was yeah right
Really would be too embarrassing for the shoes mice to get canned
Then they'd have to change the his picture on his footballs in his restaurant. I got to look for something else to do probably
If you work on his meat a little bit tenderize it
But at any rate said and Jimmy Johnson committed fell flat on his ass which I love because I don't know
See and of course the people on the station suck ass so much because they hang around these people and they interview these people in the buddy
Buddy and they suck up. I mean like one step there's a guy just you know oh
He's like one step away from how it smelly burger if you ask me
Here's a call from Pinecress hello. I deal. Yes, sir. I got an answer for you haven't mentioned it. Okay
Chuck Thompson who or Chuck Thompson was great. I know Chuck Thompson. There's an angel one of the men to one more
But he only was out one but I like John Miller too
John Miller's got he belongs on her you're right. You know I'm not a big of a fan
Yeah, I don't know because the famous phrase that beer cold. Yeah, he was great. All right. Thanks a lot, Polly
Yeah, in fact, he's a one at call on was it on TV or on radio? I guess on radio
The Bill Mazorowski homework in 1960 when they pirate speed the Yankees in the semichin to win a world series
George Rimbors that like who's just yesterday? Oh yeah
And the the most famous part about that call whichever chis-cathas and even it was that Chuck Thompson called a wrong picture
He said art did marthros. There's a long fly ball blah blah blah. Mazorowski to him on now
He said back to the wall goes bear right at silver defense one run of pirates win
But see how can I remember that almost like you can remember your name with all that clutter?
Isn't that annoying to you? I remember like word for word frightening
It is frightening back to the wall goes bear it's over the fence for a home run of pirates win
But at any rate it wasn't art did mar was Ralph Terry who threw the pitch that the Mazorowski at the winning home run in 1960 world series
And he said art did marthros who had been in the game earlier for the Yankees, but nevertheless now you would know that would you
I bet you even I bet you even moe
Even our nemesis the moe man is impressed with my knowledge of sports minutia of crap
I bet you he's like squeezing himself like I couldn't hold his thoughts package so he's squeezing his own or he's reaching for trying to find it
How do boy moe you and I man outside a couple old farts
1156 I think we're gonna start co-zing up to moe what do you say come on Georgia start men to men to his fence
This pick offense we got a common enemy and who's that all I have to do the people that like him
OJ and a management of QAM we both hate him like poison
But now you've been heard about laminets or us on this program
I certainly hope if you were listening more than like I once in a great while and how laminated would flooring from laminets
Or else is the easy the intelligent low maintenance choice to very very mutual expensive natural wood flooring
Laminets or us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in a universe peridore pergo
Wilson our uniform and quickstep
They've got all the top names at laminets or us all installed by pergo certified installers too
And here's another reason why I ought to be calling these folks because their prices are so low
You'll be on the floor. They'll floore right now. You can get this in pember kickoff special for just
1995 bucks. That's absolutely correct
Just 1995 dollars gets you up to three hundred and eighty square feet of beautiful lamina wood flooring positively
Oh, where fine?
Positively, and the light box right next door
Frey and don't forget laminets or us will match any legitimate written offered too for a free and homestimate call laminets
Or us toll free and tell them that crusty seen out old Neil totally to call one eight seven seven seven seven
36 couldn't be simpler if you add for it pre-carpent disposal pre-predeerture moving they give you a
25-year warranty and years and years and a lifetime of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring
Call laminets or us today toll free at 1 877 777 33 36
I'm a low
This is for 20 or twice a year
She way up
This dick can you I'd like to relax by having Mary Magdalen massage my balls while listening to the Neil Rogers welcome one hour
Hey, you love her. She loves you and she's also loved your best friend the mailman and during one impulsive moment
Somebody your dad plays golf with hey
Mind if I play through
Oh make it a whole one
She's a loving person and she's given you so much so often
This Valentine's Day why not give her something that says how much you understand what she's given you
Give her the all-new STD bouquet
The STD bouquet is sure to ignite her burning passion
Or at least a burning sensation
The STD bouquet
The one gift she'll have long after this Valentine's Day is over
Now you're probably realize I've played the wrong bit there is this the one that's got the Merlin Olsson
Oh, yes, it's a D. Hi Bob. Hi, Merlin. You feeling all right. You're covered with running sores
I think I'm going blind too sounds like syphilis Merlin good be somebody just sent me this lovely STD
Pick it up bouquet the STD pick it up bouquet. That's right Bob a selection of feed treatishes each containing a virulent and highly contagious
sexually transmitted disease. Oh, it's sent you something like that. Oh
X-Wife, this Gruddle Girlfriend good be any number of people
You know I played pro ball for a number of years and there's a lot of casual sex in the road
Well, it's nice to know that somebody somewhere is thinking about you
Yeah spread the joy and the germs with an STD pick it up bouquet
STD it's the next best thing to being there
Doing it anyway, the reason I played as somebody fax said what about dick inberg
We couldn't leave dick off his list. He's done everything under the sun from tennis the baseball and football
He's all over the place. You can't get rid of him. I used to like dick more than I do now
I got that what about dick inberg always become a little senile camera board game
He's right and it says he worked with father Murphy i.e. Merlin Olsson, which is why I played the STD
We got so many bits in there that Cali somebody mentioned before but I'm glad we got other faxers
I don't see it on there. I don't see a lot of money
But the Erica get around it whenever you get around it
I'm up to date
You are? Are you are just taking a shot at Eric there? He's on right it's the lunch time man. I will never this relax relax
Here's the facts from Todd and Hollywood chronic faxers is what I miss about Joangelis's daughter Natalie
Who was so hot she could melt the bumpers off a gold post from a hundred yards away
She used to work for Sunshine Network and it says God on here
It says I remember the voice of the reds during the 60s, but not his name
Marty Brennan is here looking for by the way Todd
My old memory of shots is Todd Marty Brennan
Who son Todd uh Brennan uh not his name Tom Brennan was with the cubs for a while with a Harry and now I think with fax Tom Brennan
You know who that is Scott
No, oh you don't
Should I remember you don't know either one of Marty Brennan I know that I know Marty. I don't know who that's the son is
Tom Brennan he was there before us Steve Stone was there
You know miss Steve Stone. Yeah, I remember he's by the other way I see you
Don't worry Steve Stone 25 and 9 with the Orioles. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know about her don't you anyway?
Here's the fact that this is for the greatest sports call of all time. What about that David Halberstom made
Hardaway left for it. Yeah, I'm Marley three point oh
He hit it
He hit it
Oh
I don't mean that was a three. I mean that was from the moon
From the moon from his restaurant about three blocks from here
What a great guy Dave Halberstom got scoot over big time. I've been playing pet Riley for that you're an asshole Pat
Okay, those are good easy show what?
He still sends you bags of goodies. Oh, he's a great guy. He and his wife are super people they help us to
Not to be confused with the politically oriented Dave Halberstom
How could you forget about the great Gary Thorne? Well first of all because he's probably not great. He's good
Gary Thorne is is is okay. He's pretty good
Gary Thorne with an e on the end. You got a th r any Gary Thorne. Yeah, ESPN guide is hockey. He's uh Gary's pretty good solid
The only thing I don't like about him is that every goal sounds the same. You know there's like that that
Very predictable pause and then you know sounds like somebody shot him any answer with a cannon five six seven oh five six
Steve the mad dog is running away with it. Let's hear it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we want more mad doggy all
His ego is gonna be like puffed up man. He'll probably come in here like a god damn my bullfrog
Look, I'm like a huffoso gracious man
Who's gonna get Ricky a blow? There you go. Who'd have us would say that huh?
I mean, but I do remember Chris Shankl saying he faked him out of his jackstrap back in 1956
Back in the days when you just couldn't say that when a chance for playing a redskins
He faked him out of his jackstrap and then there was a pause a pregnant pause when he realized what he said
And he said he faked out of his shoes
As if somehow by saying that it would cover up what he said the first time. Yeah, it didn't work. It didn't work
G-man did I am a pussy? Yeah, but you're leading by leading the Pac-Man by a mile your favorite sports cast
You're all the time and I bet you a lot of these people worsted mold would just let mad dog be mad dog
Yeah, they like him they're not too crazy about you mo
Howard co-cells got 30 we still got two S's on there. I hate sports 29 Harry Carey
We spelled a right though 19 male Allen 13
Mohawar david is got 11
I bet you he voted half a dose Kirk Gaudi 10 Rick Weaver 9
Bob Prince 9 vince scully 9 marv Albert 7 al michael 7
Pat summer all six sunny herch 5 van Miller 5 is returned after the season
Ernie Hartwell 5 retired after last season Fred Qsick required too many too little too soon
For for Fred for for red barber overrated boob shami's got three George one of them is yours right
Uh bills in for three Chuck or chick her in three Joe Bowen to judge jack buck two
What about Joe Buck now he's boring. He's he's good. He's got but he's like a plastic
You know, I mean yeah, he's like most of the baseball stadiums, you know from that era when they built out like crossly field and
Forbes field not Forbes field
What was the other one
Onion fields no the one at the Paris bus here over stadium, but they were all like pre-fab
They all look the same they're real brunt stadium right they all look the same
Uh Chuck Thompson 2 Marty Glyckman 2 Myron Cope's got a pair Myron Cope
Mark Vandermehr and then one for a Mark Vandermehr Lindsey Nelson Hank Goldberg fostered he would bill he would
Does he deen my clang Johnny most have a text all about and no votes for George Kale Jim Gordon John Davidson Rick
Generate or Jim Woods it goes to show you how many big hockey fans we have in South Florida
Rick Generates got no votes. Oh my god. I guess fat boy hasn't voted on the podium. Get with it fat boy you idiot
You fat tub of crap. He probably can't get over the keyboard, you know, oh
He's got a puppet is in the way. He's got a pole that he reaches with
I bet you can't find it though five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T and four rising wireless line
Miguel's got some nerve asking that I read this promo today boy. You are such a schmuck Miguel
I'm starting to like really turn on you know under the ring won't touch that thing no more
Here's a call from deer field hello
Yeah, Neil how you doing pretty good come off at all
Uh you stole my thunder a Chris Shanko was uh and that claw was bee quality did the giant games
Yeah back in the Kyle Road here let's put Chris Shanko on her
You know what else Chris Shanko used to broadcast which is embarrassing and not that long ago
Maybe he's still doing it. Bullying
Bullying
Really I
For a long time
Remember in the old days was just hockey night in Canada and there was one regional broadcast
You used to get the US right uh who was doing the games at that time?
I did you remember it's a jock of it well
Defensive when you're talking about I'm going back in the mid 60s early 70s billhue
Would be doing a Toronto games and Danny Galiman would be in the Montreal, Canadian
Yeah, that's the man right Danny Galiman was great
Okay, thank you sir. Have a good day. Thank you, palmy
Chris Shanko by the way is S uh, I think it might be a C SCAT and KEL got it George
Yeah, I think I'm a spell wrong
5 6 7 0 5 60 we don't care pound 5 60 on the AT&T
I'm most of the audience has no idea who these people are they're just fascinated by here and us toss them on all of these names
What are you what's he talking about that they like this sort of
No seriously that's when they like to show the best when they haven't got any idea who Harold Fisher is or Su-Sandy Fisher or any of these people
or
Charlie Farber
or Gordon Norris
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line
Jim Maddits 47 Howard Coast Cell 30 but that's amazing gonna show the phenomenal popularity
All right, I want to give you a kiss
Here's Hollywood. Hello
And you're high with yes sir, yeah long time long time looking there finally got sir
Um, I grew up in Ryan, New York and I grew up listening to Phil Rosito on channel 11 or watching him doing it
I don't know if he's right
Yeah, same breath as he's great announcers, but you know I grew up in the 70s and I always enjoyed you know his
broadcast
You know, it's a holy cow. He was pretty famous for all that. Yeah holy cow. What up, YH
But anyway to change the subject I know that you're you've worked in Rochester
I don't know how long you actually live there, but what are my favorite singers of all time
You might have heard of him from foreigner Lou Graham he's from Rochester
And I just wanted to know if you ever had a chance to maybe interview him or had him
Never heard of all Lou Graham the lead singer from foreigner
No, I never heard oh no from foreigner. Oh, okay
I don't know the scene we're looking for
Are you kidding me?
Did you know the Graham George personally? Yeah, and we've already a guy. Oh, yeah great brings his own stash
That's mustache I'm talking about
I thought he was kind of a that he was a foreigner myself
Yeah, and you don't consort with them furters. Yeah. Okay. Have a great day pal and get a new phone your phone really blows
Well, I learned something there right there, huh? That's pretty interesting
Because he's saying Lou Graham am I supposed to know I don't even know who the drummer is for Erosmith
I'm supposed to know the name of the singers in foreigner
I think it's Billy Graham son. Oh
No, just wrapped a whole bunch of CDs on the floor here. We heard it man. Could you hear it? Yeah, it's under the open
Oh, no, I thought one of them was the foreigner CD too. I was gonna damn it. I was gonna stick a little bit on there
But you know, oh no it wasn't
Well, why they profitious thing that was huh kind of push me off
I love foreigner don't you of course. I think anybody who's not a big foreigner fan is probably a communist is some kind of a
Bit-witting pansy if you're a moron
I'm listening
Your cold is ice
You're willing to sacrifice
God are they great. So what's the guy's name Billy Graham? Yes
See I realized that the music suits they think that every you don't know anything about music unless you know the name of every
Member of a band of every band right the manager and the roadie too right exactly
And I'm just I just not that deeply into it. It's just I have more important things in my mind like you know like
Huh like red Ross and
That powered Niles and Willard Niles and Archie Niles junior and Archie Niles. Yeah, you think like that
Huh, you sports suits you think that the people don't know
You know who you think if you don't know who want to have a tonian in 1842, you know, I think it was what's his name?
12 past noon at five. I think it was old Tommy win with valley victory remember Tommy win
Huh remember what he was like 89 years old and he wanted to lose the race so bad
He jumped right out of the bike on the track, but he lost I remember Edwin and Keenan right
Don't forget make me get else going to be somewhere to saffonum
But I can't find that promo anymore. He just he just chiles in my ass. No, I don't think that's
it
I think it's teeny tiny tires. What did it now? I already didn't know the time
But he just still what an ass what a jerk nobody wants you CDs this year Neil. What's going on?
There's nobody there you expect take a look around you. Of course. He's probably still alive in the middle of a little Havana somewhere
Close guy from Chicago. He's living in the middle of his people right
Tens are audio mortgage shoppers out there the following message could save you tens of thousands of dollars
Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically, but they're still an interest rate available
It's just 1.95 percent. That's right. You heard right
Don't have waxy buildup or maybe you do one point 95 percent from financial groups of column today
toll-free no less and one eight hundred nine four oh lend it's truly economy's changing
So if you even thinking about refinancing home or if you want to move up to a better real estate investment call financial group
180940 lend lendi with just 1.95 percent your payments will be so small
It'll be like a lamp if you have a hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only three sixty eight a month
If you have a two hundred thousand dollar loan your payments are only seven hundred and thirty six a month
So call financial group right now and get that low
1.95 percent interest rate you've been praying and dreaming and hoping for
180940 lendi the renequal housing lender credit restrictions apply rate subbed change monthly right now. It's 5.19 APR
Why and local
We're sports radio five sixty two eight
UAM
The slip slide into court
The slip slide into court
The
Think their product has been slandered and so their slip slide into court
David spade hasn't
It's called tiki robert
It shows and skidding on a slip and slide until it hurts
And when the lawyers saw that it filled them with joy
It's not every day you get to see one behalf of water toy
Slip slide into court
All right, they're filing a tort
You know that well always be owed and now they slip slide into court
The slip slide into court
It's a new water sport
Another frivolous lawsuit is gonna slip slide into court
Oh my
From 18 at 5.60 WQM
We're looking for your favorite sportscaster well time whether it's play by play or color or a sports talk shows or
Just the guys I like to play with balls
Here's the facts from Richard who says love Rick we were involved prince and the mad dog
But my favorite is Gene Decker off. How come he's not an elistia
We just celebrated 25th year is all sports radio force at FSU van Gene Decker off screen in fact at one time
He did the Tampa Bay bucks. Did he not
Maybe still does on the radio. I don't know. Yeah, sure all these things come on Scott get where the gene Decker off
Is he to the bucks on a radio? Yes, he does see
Says he's fantastic and believe me he doesn't go oh my oh my says the evil myster facts are
That's a good point because Gene Decker off is excellent. He also did the uh lot of shows on TV
Remember what they were doing those shows? Whatever that was all about
Okay, he hosted that well he's been a rival on time. He's very good. He's excellent. He knows Rosa Gackie. Thank God
Here's this whole thing about about Nicole Kidman. I don't have any idea with it. I don't have time to read that
Did you read it? Yeah, that's funny. No good. I don't have time for it
Uh, here's one that says another ass-talking fans you are so hockey knowledgeable and intensive
I'm not hockey intensive at all
We rarely ever discuss hockey on the show because we know it's a kiss of death in this town
I think you should be the official voice of the Florida Panthers. Why not? Okay, Neil Rogers on the official voice of the Florida Panthers
All right
Yeah, you sure I'm very important. Yeah, you for oh make a hell of a team. We would be great
He could do what we could like alternate periods, okay?
First then I know a couple of people probably have a period
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 T and for rise and wireless line. How can we elect gene decor off of that?
That's shameful. It goes to show you we don't have any fSU people in this audience
They'd have called in a long time ago, but we don't have any
Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time? This is a good poll today in spite of George's uh, I remember what happened in the bird started acting up
What 289 votes already?
How do you like that George? Hmm?
Jim mandat's 52 Howard Coast Cell we got the spelling right nice go in Eric Howard Coast Cell 33
I hate sports 30 10% of this audience hate sports while you're entitled
Whatever you do that's why we put it on there. So you had somewhere to go
Harry carry 22 mel Allen 15 Bob Prince 11 the great Bob Prince kissing goodbye
But did they screw him over in Pittsburgh or what man? I was nasty. That was brutal
Kirk Gaudi 11 Mohauer David. It's got 11
But Al Michaels Vince scully and Rick Weber are right on Moza's they each have 10 they're right on Moza's
In fact, one of them now Michael just went up to 11. He's on he's even with the Moza's
No Mo just went up to 12 though. It boy. It's nippin tuck
Marvah Vince scully tended I say that
More of Albert 9 patch summer all got seven
Pat was so damn good until he got seen out about 20 years ago
Sonny her six Van Miller five red barber five earning her well five Myron Coke four
Alfred Qsic four bills in for four Hank over three the boosters got three check her and got three Marty Glickman two foster
He what's got a pair they're kind of old and wrinkly now
Jack buck two Joe bow and two Chuck Thompson two Marty and then everybody else got one or none
Which is and guess who doesn't have any none for George kelv the great Dan Kelly the voice that I'm on for y'all Canadians in St. Louis Blues
Dick n burgna David Halver Stan none
John Davidson none Jim Woods has gotten none the possum Tom Brennan. No, we don't want Tom Brennan. We wanted Marty Brennan. I start both
Uh, did Marty make it on here? There's nobody knows who Tom Brennan is. I was just uh see this happens all the time
What Marty on there now see Marty didn't make it on there. Oh yeah, he is he's got one. Thank God. Oh like I said good job
Uh and Chris Shankill and Jim Gordon don't have any which is amazing with old New Yorkers. We have out there. How about win Elliott
win Elliott for the real old-timers like me in fact rich
W.I.N. Win Elliott who's into CBS sports and he was like the Howard Coastello CBS radio sports
Win Elliott. He was excellent two T's
Yeah, no one
Elliott ELL IOT
Got it got it ELL I T
He was good
Win Elliott I bet your fat rich is excited about that. He's probably trying to squeeze it
Well, he lost all that weight maybe can find it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line on a great
Wednesday man. This is a hell of a pull in the mad dog is kicking ass. Oh right. Oh right. Doing it. They love you mad dog
They want to squeeze your parts. Oh right. Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes sir
Like the guy going up tonight remember the most I think we'd be uh Joe. Joe. Joe. Uh I don't know how we could forget him
I am trying to
You actually like Joe Dajola? Yeah, I think I did
I said you got to remember the most going up
Get a check get a check. Well, he was sure he'll literate but I'll put him on there for he made a lot of money
I'll say that for a literate guy from uh greaser from St. Louis. You got a new thanks. Thanks, pal. Joe. Get a geol
And I know you know how to spell that
No
G-A-R-A-G-I-O-L-A got a garage yola Joe garage yola and of course he did all those acquiresless spots
So I always call it ahead of friend of mine. I didn't make it up called him Joe Dajola
Get a check get a check. He was kind of like the Arnold Schwarzenegger of his day only. He at least he was from this country
He was a grease ball from the a hill in St. Louis where all the Italians lived with a jambam all up there on the hill
Okay
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATM and how could anybody on this guy said he grew up with it
You know we can't help himself so we obviously grew up beyond the era when we really had good sports casters
Very sad. I feel sorry for all you punks out there
They never heard the really great school you're in a bunch of you live with the NNL sound the same you know
Dave O'Brien and Joe Bucking Joe bucks. He's okay, but they sound like prefabricated. There's no personality there
Once here a carry croak and NNL skip how about skip carry in Atlanta
Should we put him on it? What? Huh? Sure
Why not let's get skip carry on here. We got a couple of brave fans out there skip carry is very good
I mean he's not as boring as Pete van Weirin and some of those other weirdos they got an awful. Oh just horrible
I
Know that somebody put Ned Martin on there coma inducing man coma inducing. There's nothing worse than a boring
Broadcaster absolutely like Dave and boring. That's criminal
People should be on death row for putting you know if you're gonna make the game exciting get excited a little bit, okay?
Even Joseph Ackie knows that as bad an amateur in Bushley, Gazee is at least he tries to get excited
Oh, my obviously much to excited
Here's the lady in Del Rey hello
Hi, how are you?
God, I haven't heard the whole show so you probably already mentioned them, but it's John madden on the list. Yes, he is
Okay, I didn't hear you said that's okay. He's the best. He's he's a hoot. Okay, and
This is for comic relief. I know you hate him, but dick by tell
Oh, you just you just inspired me to play a bit. Okay, thanks. Alright, bye. See you have everything dick by tell us put dick on there
Okay, okay people out there like dick
VIT alie vital just like it sounds okay like italiano good Italian boys screamer yell or bald guy dick by tell
Boy, he makes me nauseous. Hi. Oh, but she said just for comic relief. How's John madden doing by the way? He must have a few votes, honey
John madden. I'm looking. I'm looking Pat summer. I'll say I don't think he's on there. Oh
The good thing she calls to your slippet man. Who's listen John madden
No
Um, what did we say?
M-A-D-D-E and we did say it would pass summer all side by each within a back to back see she's psychic she knows you screwed up
John madden and dick by tell
Whether we got a mark like a toilet and a brain to match. I beg your pardon. What did we say pat summer roll? He's on there
Does he been snoring through have it a show? I know this is a bag, but you've been taking the catnaps
27 past noon at five sixty WQM if your job is for crap for the birds if you're not making any money if payday comes
It doesn't change your life a bit by the way tomorrow's payday clearance
Call our friends at fast train toll free at one eight six six fast train because they can really change your life
They can have your trade and certified for a computer career before years in and the demand for computer professionals is gigantic
There is no way to incite so there's no better time than right now to get your life in gear and get yourself a new high paying career
rhymes with gear and
Other things fast train offer job placement assistance convenient evening weekend schedules with six photo locations
Including four right in south Florida. There's bound to be one close by where you're hanging out hanging it out
fast train offers financial assistance for people to qualify too
So call right now this moment and change your life forever in a positive way fast train toll free at one eight six six
Fast train is no obligation. They'll explain it to you
Be sure mentioned Todd Greck when you call
There's no excuse to say in the dead end job working for some schmuck one more day when you can really have a real career
And a big fat paycheck that goes with it check a lot of the web fast train.com and column toll free one eight six six fast
Train
This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station
You
When I'm watching basketball on TV one man is annoying me yelling words of thousands to give me
And when someone goes baseline he starts screaming things so easily
Streeting like a fancy to give me
to give me to give me to give me to give me
He should shut his pie hole to give me
When he is on camera the player promise and is blind me
Where did this guy come from to give me
Everything is awesome
And everyone's to be TV
Wish he'd keep his track chat to give me
To give me to give me to give me
Giving me
Give me to give me to give me to give me
Oh
Most offensive most obnoxious the most disgusting
I'm surprised they tagged an American league doesn't complain to get him off the ear. Okay, because what a stereotype you represent
You know what?
I'm nauseous. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time the mad dog Jim mad at 62
He is killing him
Howard co-cell 36
I hate sports 35 hate we got hate like in big big bull letters hate hate
Perry Kerry 25 Malale on 16 Kirk Gaudi 14
Al Michaels 13 Mo Howard David and Bob Prince are tied with 12 of peace
That's a joke
Rick Weaver and Vince Scully 11 of peace
Pat Summaryll Marv Albert my nine of peace my ring coaps got six got
So the first got six bills in for six or any hardwell six read barbers got five and the thing just changed on me again
The votes are just pouring
Boob Shambi five and Miller five for at Q6 four ticker and's got three Morty Glickman three the humbers got three
Joe Bowen's got two Lindsey Nelson to an end you know what is it small potatoes after that right
Right, I just want to check and make sure we got John madman or John madman immediately got a vote see that
But the people with no votes so far Jim Gordon will I go back?
You have to be an old fart to remember Jim Gordon. He was great though. He was multi-talented
Did the Rangers did the next did boxing in New York? He was sensational Jim Gordon. Nobody knows who that is Tom
Branneman don't have any neither does Chris Shankill Jean Decker-Hoff
Joe Garageola skip Kerry dick by tal John Davidson Dave Halberstand don't have any in Jim Woods on out 346 votes
That goes to show you what the people in this town know about sports nothing zip it. He do that zip it. Yeah, what a day, you know like Remus would say
US try US TV shies away from racie sitcom
This is from the BBC news. They're getting a little carried away because it's only two stations
WNDU in South Bend home not coincidentally of Notre Dame
You see the you see where we're going with this Notre-Dame
Well, no, it's about them banning that show the coupling the sitcom
And the other one is KSL in Salt Lake City, Utah. I was to see the connection there to Catholic Church in Notre Dame
It's big enough both of us. We just in the more WNDU in South Bend Indiana KSL
Salt Lake City are affiliated national over NBC which made the show but they aren't showing it because of its sexual content
And we don't want no sex in Notre Dame do we and certainly not in Salt Lake City those moron?
NBC's we made the cult head British comedy about six friends with the first episode to be shown tomorrow night
WNDU said the sexual jokes pushed the envelope well beyond the boundaries of our community standards
They might even say penis
The stations managers said they were disappointed uncomfortable with the content
NBC admitted the show is provocative but said the show was appropriate for national broadcast
This is more about people not having sex the writer said as opposed to people screw in her brains out
Well, who else to see that? Who wants to see us show out people not having sex, huh? Not me
In fact, don't forget small bill nice Wednesday Clark's gonna be school brains out the seat. They don't have any sex on that show
No, not yet. He's gonna discover it though and then man well, whoo! I doubt it
French silk chocolate pie somebody fact me this act the end of the show yesterday the recipe for French silk pies if I'm gonna be baking
I'm telling you must be staking ill and I think they're uh their
History I think the point is that French silk pie is a popular
Concoction that is available in more than one place
You know, I do understand that but there's a South Florida restaurant that's kind of like a staple of the South
Florida scene where one of their most popular
desserts was French silk pie that that's the point I'm trying to get across
I'm not saying that they're the only ones who ever made it or that they invented it
I think I've seen in the days when they had the mother butler I think I've seen a mother butler french silk pie
Oh, have you ever had those? Yeah, get it
Man, oh managers melt in your mouth if you like chocolate French silk pie. Oh my god. It'll change your life
Here's Glenn and I will and her regular fact you says and a good point. How could we leave off? Whoa Nelly?
Keith Jackson even George knows that because we got about 85 Keith Jackson bits. Yes, we do
Whoa Nelly Keith Jackson the first horse money night football
So let's get him on air
Along with Joe Dodge y'all on these other uh, glam
Okay, oh alone 67 votes Howard Coastal 37 and after that it's kind of like mediocre size potatoes. What are those little potatoes called again?
Here's for a lottery Dale hello
Oh Neil I'm really enjoying the show. Thank you
I just want to make two comments and ask you a question
One I think
That Howard Coastal in the last
Third of the 20th century made more of a difference in sports than any other announcer
I know how to do that. I mean the best announcer right uh, but uh, I mean in in terms of boxing and support of Muhammad Ali
Uh, money night football right
Uh, there's a refrigerator commentaries on his radio show too. Oh, I loved it
And uh, Marty Glickman um
I
Was a great track star and was not allowed to participate in the 36th Olympic because he was Jewish right and uh
uh
And could broadcast they also did hornets raising at Yonkers race that is correct
And I was just gonna mention that different kind of a racing right and my last question is I don't know why I've only heard you play at once
When Don Chul was fired and they let try to blame it on you or
Larry King called down and sort of screaming yelling at
Where were you working? Oh, that was a Phil Henry bid, right? It was that a bidder is that
Is that uh, yeah, that was a bit. That was a made-up thing and where he did the law in place here
I didn't know actually
But you know, I think that you know when you have to look at voting
It's hard because there's
God it is hard every very hard from what I said have a great day. Thanks pal. Thank you
Thanks honey. Okay, Don how's the brain stem doing remember that day? I remember like only yesterday Hank was interviewing Shula at um
How to choose I don't think was the chula's resident every summer boy
And it's right before the change at two o'clock doesn't the days when Hank used to do two to six and
I was talking about and somebody you brought me a slipy and order something
Thanks interviewing coach Shula and next and I said oh, hence got the brain stem on today, you know
I'm a little bit like realize he was sitting there with a headset on and of course it was
We don't have to do what I was doing
No, oh that Neil he's really funny is he's still on your station?
Yeah
He's a good guy. We'll choose my steer
But he'd been seen on for a few years about third man, but a good guy never stole a freight train
1240 20 to one and five 60 WQM the mad dog is off all alone man like secretary in the billbot 1973
Winner by a zidian lengths was the 25 lengths. I believe in our race Georgia. Oh, yeah
And what about chick Anderson? Well, he was in the sportscaster. He was like a race caller before he was good chick Anderson
Affirmed in Ali dar will test these two to the wire remember that oh
No, go
Aladar with the Lafitte pink car junior and a firm would steve coffin
How's cash ask me sin doing?
19 to one at five 60 QC
I would know so much if I could like I need to reach inside my head and scrape all of that stuff out of there
It's just it need to perk it. It's taken up too much womb
Brandes isn't taken up too much room. Although I will say this they're getting bigger all the time because they've got over 40,000 pair of great name
Brand shoes and they're eight thousand square foot megastore over 25 years ago
Brandy started as like a little mom and pop family shoe store and they've grown and grown because they have an unbeatable
Combination they have all the top names in a business unbeatable everyday prices and they've got people to work
There who really care you're friendly personal service even if your feet stink to make sure you get a perfect fit every time
They got rock ports echo is Mephisto Timberland Clark's essay as floor shine you like it
They got it and of course as far as your sizes are concerned
They got that too man size 6 to 15 women's five to 12 wits from the very very narrow and petite to the big wide disgusting size too
So if you're looking for a great feet on your foot
This is the place you'll find it Brandy shoes at 1290 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach open daily
99
Sundays 10 to 5 and right now isn't even better time than usual to shop at Brandy's because all this week
Men's and women's famous brands are on special sale take 20% off on brands like rock ports naturalizer
S.A.S. Timberland and much more stop into Brandy's or visit their website at brandy's shoes.com
Well look at this look what's on short
I got you there
What
All
No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! No! Do it!
It is my need to stop you thinking and play shit!
The20 is our down!
Hey, man, I have no idea why I played that right there but I just don't think I ever played that before.
No. You have it.
Huh! Well, I'll be dang'd.
I liked it.
See, you thought I was going to play... I got you down, didn't you?
I gave the teas there. The lead in the air. And then the fill thing. And then... they're that way.
Anyway, 1246.
Good to meet you.
Good to meet you.
Okay, calm down, Joe.
67 votes for the Mad Dog.
Your favorite sportscaster of all time.
Howard Cosell 39.
I hate sports 38 and even 10% of this crowd hate sports.
They don't want to know from it.
They don't want to hear from balls or bats or anything.
Maybe balls.
Harry Carey 26, my Alan 16,
Al Michaels 15, Kurt Gaudi 14,
who very quietly is moved up the list.
Bob Prince 13,
how come we didn't put Al D.
He forgot his in Paul Christmas on her.
Like I said, what we don't want to know who that is.
No, I don't know who that is.
And probably I'm not sure.
Mo you speaking a Mo most got 13 tied with Bob Prince.
Like I said, that's an infomnia.
Vince Gully 12 Rick Weaver 11,
Pat Summer all 10, Mark Albert 9,
Myron Cope 8,
Bill Zinfra 7, sonny,
her 7 Red Barber 6 or any.
Harwell 6, move,
Sean B 6 moves up to 6.
All right, tied with any Harwell and Red Barber.
That's so good.
Van Miller 5, Fred Qsic 4,
John Madden 4 and he went on their late.
Unfortunately, we apologize.
Morty Glickman 3,
Chikurin 3, Dan Kelly 3, Dick Enberg 3,
3 for Dick 3 for the Humper,
Keith Jackson 3 and down from there.
Somebody's faxes,
John and Tammy Amy are port faxes
and I find this most amusing.
We'll put it on there.
I guess if you want because it's a challenge spelling it.
All you got to write there is spelled it right.
Wait, wait.
Who was a great pitcher for the Reds
and then he broadcast their games for 25 years.
The most monotonous monoton,
one of the ultimate ex-joc horrendous.
He used to sit,
it's his famous,
Rheindelay broadcast,
spoke for hours about baseball.
How much the maker who was arrested
like the only problem is he would do it during the game too.
And he always did the game in the past tense.
He would be telling one of his stories
from like 20 years before.
Oh, and you could hear the crack at a bat
in the middle of the story and the crowd reacting
and then like 20 seconds later,
he would say,
Johnny Branch,
I'm gonna first this hit a ground ball of the shortstop
and he threw the second for the first out
and he threw the first basins in double play
and he anything is over in the past tense.
See what I'm saying?
What?
Right, exactly.
Wait, Hoi, you got him on here.
He was awful, man.
He was bad, bad, bad.
Wow, was he bad?
I'm surprised nobody said Van Patrick yet,
the great broadcaster for the Detroit Lions
who put on WSRF on here in Fort Lauderdale
a hundred years ago.
We put him on here?
No.
No, Van Patrick and the Philadelphia Eagles.
How little they know,
you see the problem with South Florida,
I've talked about this many, many times
is that it's so shelter geographically
that unlike when you grew up in the North or Midwest
and they had the luxury at nighttime
of all those great 50,000-month signals coming in,
oh, it was fantastic.
Even Scott knows what I'm talking about, sure.
KDK and Pittsburgh and WWVA
and Wheeling West Virginia, things like that.
Ah, where's the where's the where's the where's the where?
And KM election, St. Louis,
all of these things WAVC in New York,
which at that time had some, I don't know, some ball games.
So in any way, there you go.
5'6, 7'0, 5'60,
pound 5'60 on the AT&D, D and Verizon,
Marles line.
Howard Dean in Folk Boston's revolutionary legacy
on yesterday's the Americans to dump their
later-day King George W. Bush,
whom he accuded of threatening democracy
and caring only for the very rich.
And he is absolutely correct.
You go Howard, I'm still a Howard Dean man myself.
A lot of people.
Hi, he's got a big pair.
And he's also smart enough him and his supporters
to use the internet to build grassroots support
and raise a lot of money.
And they just shocked the hall of the establishment,
which is why I like him, you know.
He's not hand picked like Wesley Clark
by the little rock mafia, the Clintons, et cetera.
Hand plucked.
Hand plucked.
Here's South Miami, hello.
Don't.
Yes, sir.
Hey, yeah, no.
Yeah.
Rodi Rose, well, open a window at many.
Here it comes.
Hank Goldberg on.
Angry bird.
You see at the home runs.
Those days.
Hank Goldberg, Angry bird.
Ray ever seen a team together.
No, same person.
Rose, he rose well.
He was great.
He was a great Pittsburgh.
Ah, Prince was his understudy.
Right.
Listen, I need a,
I want to do something for your charity.
What I need is your address to mail.
I'm the mayor of this block.
And everybody's got dogs, cats,
cows, chickens, ducks.
Now I'm going to hold the neighborhood
and get some money for you.
Now I want to, I need an address.
I'll put you on hold and the scowl,
I'll give you the info, okay?
Yeah.
Thanks a lot.
Appreciate it.
I'll take care of it immediately.
Take the info.
I'll take care of it immediately.
Take care of it immediately if not sooner.
Five, maybe my ringcouple handled for you.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on a 18.
T, of course, it's Wednesday.
So we get our big one to two comedy bits are,
which is a nice restaurant for us here.
I guess.
Well, not really a rest,
but it's just like a recipe.
Yeah, from the hectic from the heavy duty pressure.
I guess I better plug that promo again there for him and Gell,
or he probably won't put out no more.
Look for the QA and Vand today,
two to four, a giant tyrant auto at 20125 North,
where 67th Avenue, Miami Lakes,
stop out of your grand perch tickets.
You can also get your best in the LCDs,
cassettes and keychains.
Please, that's it.
The giant tyrant auto from two to four this afternoon
in prestigious Miami Lakes.
No, say out less by Newell Lucky,
but yeah, here's the North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Yes, sir. Okay.
You just mentioned Ben Patrick.
You remember you used to do the Red Wing games.
Do I remember who did the Red Wing games?
Yeah, Bud Lynch and Bruce Martin.
Bruce Martin along with Sitable.
Yeah, you know that Bud Lynch,
Venus the Milo the one arm guy.
He's still doing the PA at the credit.
Joe Louis Arena really?
Yes, he is.
I heard you mark the eye here years ago.
Oh my God.
He wasn't really.
I didn't think he was all that good.
I thought Bud Lynch was better.
I grew up with George Kellan TV,
but Ernie Harbour was the man.
He was the man.
You're right.
Hi, buddy.
I'm good day.
You two thanks some Detroit people.
There you go.
Detroit.
When it used to be a great city.
This is a long time ago.
Till they burned it down.
That just seems to have the funniest way happening.
You know what?
Yeah, it's what when people decide to burn their own city down.
All of a sudden it turns into a toilet.
And often it just stays like the big bull.
Thomas Crapper would be proud.
Detroit is just like an outdoor toilet bowl.
Except the course at 11 mile under quinter.
Hazel Park, home of Jack Riggs.
Five six.
I don't want to hear about how Jack Riggs is boring.
Do you know the first time that I had my friends
from Detroit slept me to the race track,
which is a bad day in my life in 1960?
That's 43 years ago.
Okay.
Jack Riggs was announcing the races at Hazel Park that night.
I bet $2 to show on Eldora Jencode number nine
driven by Donald McAmery, who's now dead.
He won the race.
Pay 260 to show.
But anyway, Jack Riggs was the announcer.
Do you know who still call on the races at Hazel Park?
Jack Riggs.
Excellent choice.
There you go.
All right, George.
See George Hose is crap.
He still sounds exactly the same little monotone
a lot of boring side not too excited.
You know, he's no Frank Salive.
He's no what's his name.
That's for sure from who we're talking about before
with Dick Feinberg.
What's his name?
From the meadows.
Diet.
Yeah, I think the guy that screams it right here.
Oh, that's for damn sure,
but you don't have to be screaming in yelling.
There's enough stress already.
Watch the narration screaming.
You son of a bitch.
Walley hit it again.
You bastard.
You thief.
You know, there's enough enough stress with that.
Without having any announcers screaming and puking his guts out.
You know about that.
You've been to the track twice twice.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Neil, how are you?
Pretty damn good.
Good.
I had a hockey announcer.
I wanted to add to the.
Okay, he didn't get a cell game of the week back in the 70s.
Also did the Rangers in Islanders.
My favorite hockey announcer ever Tim Ryan Tim Ryan.
I remember 10.
I don't know.
I think he's dead.
No, he's not.
He's still doing tennis on CBS.
Like I said, I think he.
But I thought he was a terrific hockey.
He was pretty good.
You're right.
He was good.
He was.
I just thought he was a great Q6.
Do you remember when Fred Q6 did the games and national TV on CBS?
Yes.
Fred Q6.
Great.
One of the guy wanted to throw in Gene Hart also that you.
Gene Hart the flyers fill off your flyers.
It's another taste of tasty cake.
Yes.
Great hockey.
And you know that is daughter.
Of course he died a few years ago.
Do you know his daughter sings the national anthem at the flyer games now?
Because then I heard it.
Right.
She's good.
Yes, she is.
Thanks a lot, Paul.
I have everything.
You got Gene Hart down here.
H a R T got it.
Gene is GE and you don't put like no.
Too many tasty cakes.
I think for Gene.
He bulked up just a little bit is rich on a red on poor not.
I said I bet she doesn't have any votes.
So help me got a few.
Doesn't have any votes.
It's going to really frost my ass.
I don't see a monitor.
Do you?
I'm right.
You need an email.
Oh, there it is.
He's got one.
That must be fat boy finally voted nice going fat boy.
You tub of crap.
Here we thorn.
We said here we thorn did that we not put him on their T or in E.
There he's got the other side.
What he's got two votes.
Here we thorns got a pair.
How do you like that?
He's he's good.
He's good.
He's like a little bit too generic for me, but he's no Joe.
Born.
I'm a tough guy.
I'm a hard to make the story.
Joe bones great.
He's the greatest sportscaster in history of mankind.
Beyond a shadow, but I even George would agree with that.
Oh, yeah.
1250.
Well, he does the promos for me.
So the hell you got to well, you know suck his ass a little bit.
He's great.
There ain't nobody in the world like Joe.
Boy, man, I'm sitting right there.
Go leave school.
I'll tell you that and he's aggressive with out.
And there you go with the Harry Neal.
I know you've got bad chase either is the best color guy.
When you agree with that.
Yes.
Yes.
5 6 7 0 5 6.
Yeah, no idea.
One give the numbers out again because we're all number of the positive.
They because we got the one to two hour.
We got all the lines lit up there with more sports catch.
But I think we got enough on the bold.
No, before going up to what you're going to type.
And listen, there's like a lot of great sports casters and a lot of great dead sports casters.
Wait till we do the poll on who's the worst sportscaster of all time.
Who's the most boring sport?
You know, there's nobody mentioned Dave Van Hornie today.
You know what I'm saying?
No, no.
Oh my god.
I mean, the Marlins are just kicking ass.
All of some unexpected excitement.
And this guy up, up and away.
And I'm exaggerating.
You didn't get quite that excited.
He probably saves it all for his lovely wife, you know.
Hey, it's that time of year again when the mattress showrooms and furniture stores run those phony ad sales.
Speaking of where you're going to be doing it.
The automatrix asked this.
If you double the price and then offer half off, what kind of a deal is that?
The fact is that these kind of stores that pull that crap have to run a sale to come even close to the everyday low prices at the automatrix 3.5 days a year.
So for discount prices on dozens of top models in the world from Celi,
Certa, temperedic, Simmons, King Coilers, Sterns and Fawsta, hewitt.
You need to call this toll free number 1-800 mattress.
No nonsense, no bait and swish, no house brands, no phony promises and best of all.
You don't have to pay any premium at all for the best service on a planet.
You get service like you've been dreaming about from delivery team rank number one and customer satisfaction.
When you call down a mattress at 1-800 mattress, it's the truth.
You pick the day and time of your delivery when it's convenient for you when your ass is going to be home.
Within any two hour window seven days a week from 8 in the morning till 10 a night and they'll be there and you'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night.
I've been sleeping on a mattress for some dollar mattress for years and so is George and so is Miguel who just screwing his brains out on it and you'll love it.
With low prices, same day delivery for you set up and removal, it's easy to see.
Our dollar mattress is ranked the best in customer satisfaction anywhere.
Don't be fooled by those mattress showments phony sales.
They can't match even come close once you get every day from dollar mattress.
Call them right now.
You'll be sleeping in real comfort and style as soon as tonight.
Call 1-800 mattress 1-800-MATTRES or online. It's mattress.com.
5-6-6-5-6-6.
The radio is on your channel.
You am.
I'm Andre Dawson of the Chicago Curves and this is the Neil Rogers 1-2-hour Go Curves.
As he has born, Fox and the tower addition take one.
Hello sports fans, I'm Ozeos one.
The Prince of f***ing football.
This year looks like it's going to be exciting in the NFL.
One team to definitely watch out for are the Green Bay Packers.
That's Ozzy. That's Packers.
What? Packers. Green Bay Packers.
Not Packers.
Okay, okay. Okay. Can we start again? Can we start it over?
Can we start it over?
Can we music?
In the IFC Central, you have to watch out for the upstart Cleveland.
Browns. Browns.
What the f*** is a brown?
Cut.
How about those New England guys?
The f***ing Patriots or something like that.
That reminds me of when I was growing up in England.
Right near Birmingham. We were poor family.
Ozzy, stick to the scrap if you can, please.
F*** you, I'm the Prince of f***ing football.
Cut. Cut. Shen.
Cut. David Brown.
In the IFC, you have to like the f***ing's, the bears, the Panthers and Lions.
Jesus Christ, I feel like I'm in line with the f***ing zoo.
Well, these f***ing f***ing's and Panthers and s***.
Is this football or mutual of Omaha's wild f***ing kingdom?
Cut it.
That's all that's on the Q-Cut, man. What do you want me to do, man?
That just raps my palsy.
That's all for this week. I'm Ozzy Osborne.
The Prince of f***ing football.
S***! Tonight on CSI Fire Island, Agent Buds and Agent Cheeks work hard to solve their
queerest case yet.
Agent Buds, bigging Buds, Cheeks, get down here now. I've got a stiff...
So, if I bring the wine, I'll wish you just can't, it, girlfriend.
I'm talking about a dead body.
Hello.
Neckrown, no, no.
CSI Fire Island, party fire skin, Richard Siddling Star as TV's newest, not so ambiguously gay,
crime solving duo.
Check out this, Buds. I've examined the physical evidence.
Let's get physical, physical.
Hey, why don't you put up pluggin' it, Buds?
Now, I've deduced the Thiais Island prefers entering through the back door.
To hell, Craig! That narrowed down the list of suspects, Cup-Police.
CSI Fire Island, with special guest, our roofered Everett.
Peace. Till my heart.
Love him!
Don't miss CSI Fire Island, coming soon, but not too quickly, to CBS.
Do or ex-condems.
Ultra thin, so each time feels like the very first time.
If you're making love to a foreigner, you'd better put one on.
Do or ex-condems.
Alcatam, Alcatam, Siddling on fire Alcatam,
Saw it on the TV, the planning more attacked,
Of those laundry heads, not obvious smoking crack.
Yeah.
And I got a funny feeling, it won't be too inject.
If we take out all those maniacs,
So I'm singing Alcatam, Alcatam,
I'm so damn tired, Alcatam.
Blow my boom, drop, boom, drop, boom, now blow my boom, drop, boom, drop, boom, now blow.
Alcatam, anyway Alcatam, Alcatam,
Exciting.
Rarely Afark, it's Alcatam,
Blow my boom, drop, boom, drop, boom, now blow my boom, drop, boom, drop, boom,
Now blow up our cover today
Jerk
Our cover
Our cover
I'm so damn tired
Change my diet again last year
I gave up pizza, I gave up beer
I yearn was crazy, but everything has changed
Now it's yellow wee wee
No more cleaning, that other spray
That steady streaming improved my aim
Inside the bowl I see sunny sparkle glow
I am yellow wee wee
Yellow wee wee
Yellow wee wee
It's my mind now it's coming up fine
Yellow wee wee
Yellow wee wee
No need for concern, our yellow don't burn
When I rip it out in public toilet fits a thrill
I give a shake and by the rate
With wee wee pleasure chills
Cause it's yellow wee wee
The straining and burning was not a good sound
I thought it was wrong and old, girl friends of mine
My doctor said no, just change your diet and your fine
You get yellow wee wee
There's something wrong if it's hazy or clear
Just not being a junk food, that yellow me appear
Then you can be proudly, without any fear
You'll have yellow wee wee
Yellow wee wee
The sight should be whole, but it's helping our pride
Yellow wee wee
Yellow wee wee
Just look at it flow, now I'm feeling fine
Chelsea, Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early
On February 27th, 1980, at 11.24pm
While I was recovering, Bill would put his foot on my throat
Yank me by my hair and say, woman, don't spoil her
I said okay
Chelsea was sold by her opium-addicted father when she was eight years old
Chelsea looked at him and said, bad things about her daddy
That sealed the decision for Bill
I didn't know whether to laugh or cry
But even more frightening, at the age of 15
Chelsea had come back to haunt us
She escaped and returned home
Only to be sold again to a whorehouse
Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them?
Me, Hillary, Rotem, Clinton
Chelsea said, come on mom, don't do it
Oh yeah, right I said
Looking like a dazed boxer who had just been pummeled in the ring
She leaned toward me and whispered in my ear, you bitch
Ladies and gentlemen, the brothers who say now
One, two, three, four, five
Well, once in for all we know they're not alive
Cause we found their hiding, finding back dead
And now that they're dead, I don't feel it in a bitch's sand
They did things that were so damn sick
Most of them sons were roasted on a stick
They were rapists, murderers, hoodlums and crooks
And now they're just a memory in our wacky history books
In the end when I'd like jerks
I wonder if they finally lost those evil cocky clerks
Watching TV while all hell broke dudes
And a mom hit them cup boosts
Big old ugly youth, they finally died
We're little brother who saved by his side
I wonder if the daddy even tried
To save his sons or ones he'd terrifying
We finally closed the book and then took some
They were full of hate to soak room some
Now they're on the hell bound seven trains
Say goodbye to the brother to save
And now you're gonna think I'm crazy
But I'm telling you I hear something out loud
That's just a TV, don't be so paranoid
I don't think it's a TV
It's a TV
Something's wrong out there, we're a fendard
We're sending a guy then
Send the lawful
But check it out, check on blind
What the hell is that?
What the hell is that?
What are those people?
Oh no, oh no!
Yeah!
Now they're gonna give you a date, finally died
We're little brother who saved by his side
I wonder if the daddy even tried
To save his sons or ones he'd terrifying
We finally closed the book and then took some
They were full of hate to soak room some
Now they're on the hell bound seven trains
Say goodbye to the brothers who saved
They have no money waiting here at the gate
Uh oh, isn't this the...
No, I don't think it is not in here
Yeah, you know why I tried, huh?
Yeah, it's like a thousand degrees
It's one like that
Yeah, look at all this
I thought Magdad was hot, but this is where we are
It's ridiculous, huh?
If our gigantic Wednesday wanted to
I got some bad news for you guys
Uh oh
A federal court is blocked
The national do not call this
meant to allow consumers to stop
On wanted telephone sale calls
Yeah, I saw that on the crawl
In a ruling filed yesterday
The district court Oklahoma City said the FTC acted
Without statutory authority in creating
And implementing the national do not call this
Pastards
The rulemaking process requires an agency
To fairly apprise in rusted parties
Of all significant subjects and issues involved
So they can participate in the process
The court paper said the court said it ruled
In favor of the plaintiffs claim that the portion of the
Final amended rule that pertains to the national
Do not call registry is invalid
The FTC had signed up some 50 million
Phone numbers for list which was due to
Would take effect October 1
An FTC official to climate
Comical agency as a chance to examine the ruling
We've received it we're reviewing it and we're
Sticking it up our ass at FTC spoke to them and
Can't him a farmer coined the word is
How do you like that?
Adult
Get out of here
Nice, very nice
Once again the American public takes it up the old
Shoot
Anyway, if you're tired of taking it up the shoot on your mortgage payment
So all your mortgage shoppers out there
Here's some good news for you the following
Message could save you a crap load of money
Man tens of thousands of dollars
A Schmidt load
Interest rates for home loans are shooting up dramatically
But there is still an interest rate available at just
1.95% from our good pizons at financial group
Call them today and find out what it's all about
Call 1-800-940-LIN, L-E-N-D
It's true the economy is changing so he even thinking about refinancing your home
Or if you want to move up to a better real estate investment
Call financial group toll free 1-800-940-LIN
With 1.95% you'll get payments like these
You take $100,000 loan you pay when you pay $368 a month
A $200,000 loan you payments are only
$736 bucks a month
Amazing
Call financial group today
You can get the low 1.95% interest rate that you've only been dreaming about in the past
1-800-940-LIN, L-E-N-D
The number to call has no obligation
They'll explain it all to you
There were equal housing letter, credit restrictions applied
Rate something you have to change monthly 5.19 APR
We're running in the North
We're supporting you 5.60-UAM
Phone conversation I talked to Peter North here today
He tells me your real name is Neal Down
And he's still ain't interested in
My candidacy is all about big changes I commend him
What about those orgies he has?
Outrageous
What are your qualifications?
I have no experience, I'm a womanizing, I'm a terrible, a terrible guy
What's your plan?
He is my plan
They've decided to get a bikini wax
And then the end, the crazy deficits spending
Oh!
It really comes down to this
Game over
When summer rolls around there's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch with a nice cold glass of
Country and moment lemonade
The only thing they could make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me
No, wait a second, a pretty little naked girl
Yeah, that's what I meant
No, no wait, a pretty little naked girl who puts a hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real gentle like
No, no, no, I got it
A pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh, talking dirty in my air
Who throws me on the porch and has her way with me
Yeah, yeah, that's it, she just starts pounding me man
riding the hog screaming, do me baby, do me
Give it to mama
Yeah, oh, oh, oh
Oh, forget the damn lemonade man, just give me a naked girl
Come on, I'm the one riding
Are you gonna watch another boring show this weekend?
Or are you gonna get serious?
This Saturday night on ESPN it's the event of the year
The WWF Sissy Bans slapdown
We'll be at strike back
Knock it off
We'll be at energy
No, you're not gonna
And school in the world's biggest and biggest claim the title of world
Vegas Sissy
Ow, ow
The pain
The punishment
The accusation
I'm still in my bed
I'm still in my mom
I'm still in my bed
I'm still in my bed
The WWF Sissy Bans slapdown
Who will swing the title and roll
Find out this Saturday night on ESPN
Coming up tonight on inside of a hurry
The true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
We take a good, hard stiff look and a start
Their success, world up like pus inside a pimple
Then burst like the pop zit they really were
Sending a blast of oily bodily fluids
Smacking against the mirror of short term fame
They were the fixed
Well, we couldn't have known how right we were
When we came out with one thing leads to another
The fixed lead vocalist, Cycrin, and explains the law of cause and effect
Oh, we had a big hit song
And we made a lot of money
We got laid a lot
And then we put another record
It's f***ing tank
We were broke, couldn't get laid to save our lives
Realized we'd gotten down a rear from getting laid before
We took jobs in convenience stalls
Started drinking
Through up
I mean, through up a lot
When in the rehab
Realized we had to do something
Got back together
And now we're okay
Playing one thing leads to another
At county fairs for all the losers who like this back in the 80s
The fixed, if you must do what they did
At least try and incorporate the getting laid part
It's a big, juicy, sobbing-wet-looking show business
Tonight on inside of mind
What if Bill Clinton did indeed get his own TV talk show?
Ladies and gentlemen
Live from Chapacol
It's the Bill Clinton show
With special guest
Y'all for AirFat
Comedian Carita
And former speaker of our house
Newed Gengrich
I'm your announcer
Al Gore
Now please welcome the Prince of Poon-Tang
The Master of Memories
Looking up Crotch
The man who knows Victoria's Secret
Bill Clinton
Thank you very much
Boy, it was hotter than a chubby intern in a thong yesterday
All right, all right, so that
My first guest is the leader of the PLO
And his favorite group is ELO
Please welcome a sweet cock and man
Y'all sir, AirFat
Everybody right here
So Y'all sir
Yes sir
Is there any way we can solve this whole thing?
I don't think so sir
What say I send you over a couple of queens of kings?
What do you mean I do not understand?
Sure you do, buddy! I'm talking about Flusis
Who cheese? Zipper monkeys
Well...
Loosen your tablecloth and think about it
Meantime Scoot over, my next guest is here
Al, thanks Bill
Our next guest is the former political machine
He's got snow on the roof, a fire in the furnace
And a bug up his butt
Please welcome Newt Gengrich
All right man
Welcome there buddy, how's things by you, Newtie?
Well, my new wife's got a cold, so I'm leaving her
God for you, you so much bastard
We'll be right back with caretops! Stay with me!
Did you suffer from feminine itching?
Then try Vagicil
Pick up a tube today
And spread it, Vagicil
Well what up homie?
You need some tips on improving your crib?
They're tuned into the In the Hood and Garden Channel
Each week, I see trades in his mach 9 for a nail gun
And remodel the crackdowns
Knees you, that's right, boots all the crack holes out
Didn't get busy with this old his owl
Thursday nights at 8
I shall show you how to custom design a kitchen for cooking up some crack
And create a comfortable living room to core just perfect
For cracking a couple of forties with your posse
And bending those bitches over the cap
So join ice each week as he fires up this old row
Is this old his owl?
It's on the In the Hood and Garden Channel
Be watch, wood up!
Let's dance when all I want to have are
For you to be
Listen when every sentence spoken
Seems incomplete
And everything that I need
Just makes me laugh out
Put it be the stuff I'm smoking
Yes, it's the grass
Ice really
Blast me
I'm all the way to the top
Just let me
Well, we, I'm all the way to the top
I'm all the way to the top
I'm all the way to the top
Somebody, somebody, somebody
It's the big, long, low-out-and-boom world
And the skirt roller
And the pushing into the bottom
For an advantage
Player Pan hangs from the surface
It article here
On all the Pyramids
I know it's a memory
It's exactly a disaster
...this was transformed
125 at 560 Q. I'm speaking of blowing it out. Look at that mad dog is blowing out the competition. You believe that?
All right. I believe in mind to pull question. Who's your favorite sportscaster of all time?
Not this week. Not between now and circus, but of all time.
Jim Mandage 82 leading the pack by a month. All right. Howard Cosell 49. I hate sports 44 9.4% of this crowd.
Harry Carrie 31. Bob Prince 18. The Gunner. Kirk Audi 18. Mel Allen 17. Al Michael 17. Rick Weaver 16.
Vince Cully 15. Mohawar David and 14. Ernie Harwell 12. Pat Summer 11. Marv Albert 10. Myron Cope 9.
Bill Zimper 8. Boog Shamby and Red Barber and Sonny Hirschwood 7. A piece.
John Madden Keith Jackson 6. A piece. The Humper. Hank Goldberg 5. Fritzucic 5. Van Miller 5. The Scuda.
Phil Resurro 4. He's awful. Dan Kelly 4. Dickenberg 3. Gary Thorne 3. Chikern 3. Mordy Glickman 3. Chuck Thompson 3.
Mike Langsley got a pair. No hockey people. Joe Bowen 2. We have no hockey people. Johnny Mos 2. Lindsay Nelson 2. Jack Buck 2. Foster Hewitt 2.
How's Paul Henderson doing Foster? Mark Van Emere's a pair and everybody else either got one or they be having none.
My and all. This is sports 20. Oh, Fycy.
You way.
Yeah.
Is out.
This is girl. I know she's pretty and she's really nice.
She's got a kick and smile.
And a woman booty that's real fine. So I stepped up to her and I put on my skills.
I'm back the girl in my best. She was something special with those balance you call
friends.
But she has to go and her friends. He's like Jackie Chan.
She's like from Kizmai in the desert.
Her underarms are hairy. Her arms and prehistoric men.
She has to be a worse than a foreign exchange.
They say I love his taboo that what we're doing is wrong.
But I don't care what they say.
Because my love is so strong.
You know what I mean?
They tell us we should be ashamed.
We're not husband and wife.
But I cherish each moment with you.
I'm so glad you're in my life.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
You're not like other men.
All right.
I'm glad we share a prison cell.
When lights go past a tin.
I can't extend to a bill.
Now that would be a crime.
As long as I am with you.
I don't mind doing time.
Cause you're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
And I have no regrets.
Welcome.
I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes.
At first you were resisting.
But now you're all my friends.
I knew that I would give you in the end.
Oh, prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
I guess that you were sick from above.
Yeah, prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
Oh, prison bitch.
And now you are my prisoner.
And your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
And you're a sex machine.
I only have a full request.
How about some Vaseline?
Sure.
I'm tired of this prison cell.
I need to get away.
The sentence leads you seven years.
Now you're seven times a day.
And your prison bitch.
Your prison bitch.
You're an informer.
Maybe I could kill you.
I really hate these nagers.
That you doubt you know my back.
I thought that I could break away.
But now I'm losing hope.
God, I'm part of the pain of the soul.
Prison, prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
Turn up the lights because I can hardly wait.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
Prison bitch.
When I get out, I'm ready to go straight.
You're my prison bitch.
My prison bitch.
I'll never say goodbye.
You're not like all the others.
Too bad they had to die.
On the second thought I'd live outstake.
If you won't be too.
Your prison bitch is never leaving.
You.
You're my prison bitch.
But now you're my soul bitch.
So prepare America.
I know, gotta go.
Now I know what they call you.
Heart criminal.
You know, you're about to find out when they call this the Pokey.
Oh, my God!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
Whoa!
I filled my tank up.
Now as I don't know, I'd be helping finance 9-11
by giving money to Unicala, Rabaqa, and the car louse.
I've turned my lights on last night.
I was having a lot of pain in James Baker's green colonies.
I made ten of ten today.
Now as I don't know, I was providing bath water
to the Middle East.
Well, that ain't so bad, again.
Every time you light a marijuana cigarette, you're helping to finance run learn overlords and breaking a law based on the old movie refer madness
Better children are, is the schedule of old manguide?
I just spent the revert joint. Now I'm white man, you know?
For now I will jump out this window!
This was a fish made for by the community to keep the man of it in the dark ages.
Reggie white, for a scum of soup.
Hey, nothing like a hot bowl of soup!
You know when you take me back to a time when my man had done made all whole neighborhood smell like canned tomatoes.
Wearing it like that no more, with all the new payments from camel soup, like chickaboo stew, with chunky rats bowl and bottom ellippit, and my favorite creme omule,
How quick with teagal poop to make it.
I went to go to Jesus State and something wasn't right
I took the walk on down the street and I took out my flashlight
And I suspected something funny when I saw spotted blood
Then I jumped over the wall and an octon Kato's door
He told me about some things he heard so I looked around some more
And I suspected something funny when I found a bloody glove
A bloody glove
A bottle didn't tell Kato a bloody glove
Whoa whoa whoa whoa
Next thing we knew, OJ went on a low speed, Drunk or Ride
Now he's in an LA jail charge for double homicide
And I believe it's the first degree murder easier to yell
It's because
Oh oh oh, bloody glove
Your favorite sportscaster of all time is holding 21 minutes away
The mad dog, Jim, and it's a two-cat, hopper at four
What?
Late scratch, it's Joe Rose
Well see this is what happens, it goes to their head
They win the thing by a zillion miles and then right off the bat they're taking the day off
All right
That's unbelievable so the guy wins hands down on our pole
And right off the bat doing it the QAMF and way he takes the day off
Because maybe he's got a big heart on it
That might be it from Cino's pole results so to speak
Anyway, mad dogs got the 91 votes, Howard Coase, L51
I hate sports 46, 9.2%
Harry Scary 34, Bob Prince move it up there and rightfully so 20
Al Michaels 19 and Demel Allen 18, small potatoes after that
20 till 2 at 5.60 QAM
Ride in local, your sports radio 5.60 QAM
My rear end
Okay
Rackum
Some of them are proud
And that's all my great
And that's all my great
Well then can't walk up and can't walk
And one is six foot eight
And one of them is four
And one of them is a girl
And likes this criminal a
Like this criminal a
Oh right
California free show
A born and free show
A free collection day
Swords and nigger ho
He doesn't sell terminate
And every single hustler
Relax and delete
And for Gary Coleman and Gary Coleman
Would almost hit on your plate
Almost hit on your plate
California free show
A born and free show
It's a weird election save
Things are looking damn bad
I'm not getting out of the olden state
Born and gone in state
And I told myself
I told myself
It's not their face
It's not their face
I would vote for a real born to break it
It was hell today
It was hell today
California free show
A born and free show
It's such a freaky state
Mr. Lector
Save me a piece
I'm disappointed you passed on claries
Still eating people right after you kill them
Not even leaning behind a tiny crow
Lector
Finger again
He cleans up people
Taste just like chicken
If you've seen it all fall on the streets
Better honor you or dead meat
Mr. Lector
I've got to ask
How do you eat things through that funky mask?
The billet looks good
You can't move your jaw
The first candle will be used
The still is your old Lector
I wish I saw
You pay a visit
To Jevacorn
Keep the Clintons on your next break
Just remember you're Pepsi-A-C
Next week on The Sipranos
Come over I'm not going to say goodbye to your bankers
Tell me you guys are going to say goodbye to your bankers
I'm going to say goodbye to your bankers
I'm going to say goodbye to your bankers
The Sipranos
Look at the impression of my diars
My diars are all left to my rear out of my diar
They're just all lullets, huh?
The Sipranos
Oh, we don't ask an Oli
I had my mouth said I'm echoed Oli
Hey, Jay! You fat lumb!
Did you eat the last cunolele?
That was ugly, wasn't it?
Baw! Do you know why I didn't eat cunolele?
Yeah, I haven't had any money
The Sipranos
Christopher, let me talk to you
Yeah, talk to you
Did his cargo pairs make my butt look big?
What time?
My boss, today I'm picking these cargo pants
I'm going in a wax and light
We don't do that anymore in this show
It's all about my digital bankers
It's an Oli's and that pressure and a diars
The Sipranos
Should've been me and that cock
I love to...
My sweet cat
Bobby, can I fix you some chicken masala?
How about some congealed meat?
That's all
Not about passing beans
It's the right chance
It's...
It's not about eating that cock
I love to...
Come on, cat!
This is the Prano's
David Chase is done again
Who could believe he could take a fast pace
Crown breaking series
And make it look like Blossom
Why?
Remember the girl with the big horn in the kid who said
Whoa!
Uh, metal!
Can you see my underpants?
My underpants!
Where's my underpants?
Why?
My underpants!
Why?
I thought Christie and the tea was fairy tale
This religious thing was not for me
They held a big convention
And let me implore free
I had no idea what I was about to see
Oh!
They were speaking in tongues
That's what they were
That they'd be a believer
It was kind of fun
To stick it out of my mouth
Speaking tongues
They got me believe in my tongue
And we've been from side to side
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
No Lord will now embrace me
Or I'd plant my tongue to the beat
Or now, whatever I do, you forgive me
Oh, right
Those now I speak in tongues
But that makes me a believer
And I'm having fun
Playing round with my mouth
Now I speak in tongues
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
I'm not a bad man
He thought he was right to his head
He's speaking to your head
If you've got no hair on your head
Or like very little
You'd like to have some mole
And looking good as a voice to like mole
If you don't want a dead muskrat or weasel on your head
And you want people like looking at you and saying
Hey, he looks pretty good and a lot younger than we thought he was
Charles Alfier is the only guy in the world to make you do that
There's 80 billion guys out there
They don't want to serve you some hair system
And pills and potions
And mousey looking muskrat stuff like that
Charles Alfier is got the natural hair line system
That looks like the real hair that's going on your scalp
That's the difference
So instead of having people fall down on their ass laugh and answer
And realizing what a phony piece you got on your head
You look like I said better and younger than you ever dreamed again
And you got out of the loose
But that shiny reflecting bald spot because everybody gets
Charlie's 30 day guarantee
You wear the piece for 30 days
If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells
If you're not getting more action than you did when you were like 16
Charlie give you a full refund
Unless like you're 17
Call the day and take advantage of that $200 meal barge of Ziska
When you mention my name too
And don't forget Charlie also services and repairs
All types of hair systems
Why do you wait for only 25 or 30 bucks and just about always
Can make you look better like a real bench
Call them toll free and give rid of that bald spot
1-800-321-2413
That's 1-800-321-2413
A log on it with most prestigious website
Charles Alfier E.com
And look all
This is 4-3-0-516
Way to A-M
Howard from Boka
Oh, that has really please go away
Find a new way to attack up a big old home
And eat your whole homes
Until you're at slow
Just like your fat fat churnin' ladies
Have to bite your seats on a plane
Spilling your fingers that a yellow stain from C2
Can see your toes
Faster piggy who knows
How to be fat disgusting and tasty always
You make the childhood women smile
They like a cow's scattered sassy
Think smelly, fat, so repulsive and mild
Your body cheese smells like a crap butt
After it was occupied by head pass
Learned it a shoe or two get into your car
Dush and two got him wide
I can squeal, I can squeal
I can squeal fat lady
Women with your number let me
Slava and its door to the tree
Between her knee
That's material yeast
Smells fishy to me
Happened to put children at moist and tasty pain
Three old back, lives time's sex thing is old
Sex is different today
I hear every drug is safe
That he needs something today
To get it up
And though I'm not really ill
There's a nobody I could pill
And as soon as daddy takes one
There's no need for mom to fake one
And it gets me on the ball
Gets me standing straight and tall
Doctor please
Submote and see
I wanna score
I need for more
The old back things I'm sick in years old
Then your saddened got a clue
What we like and what to do
So hard to satisfy
It's the last to watch you cry
No, we are running for the shelter
Of the father's little helper
I could do this every night
Be a porn hostile
Yeah, right
Doctor please more potency
Come back to bed
She wants me dead
The old back things I'm sick in years old
You're living 16 about years right away
How are you now?
How are you now? He's fine
What? Look at him
I can't hear you
Like when I was a teenager
In 1945 he was a war hero
And then he lost everything
They're gonna freeze a human being
Oh, I have nothing left to live for, I'll volunteer
He expected to be frozen for a year
But there was a horrible mistake
He wanted to send me back your freezer
I don't know, looks like a guy or something
Wow, he's been frozen 50 years
I probably got free super in by now
I just leave him
Mel gives him in his most controlled performance yet
Oh, we have ice again
Oh, sorry
He did the sketch to all your drink
Oh, great
Mel gives him stars in forever frozen
Forever frozen
Coming soon to an air conditioned theater near you
Bye, bye, bye
The real Roger Show
I'm rising to the end
My name is for my name
So many f*** ups who marches do it again
