Friday you first is
Good I rack you up there
Yeah, I saw them on radio back then
We didn't take their cry
No in Pearl Harbor or when the Japs drop their bombs
We bombed them back and now this audience
They hit us hard and our cards are little flags way
As that sunny
Loving retired voice of others the wrong way
Or
They
did by push endless
This family, we they got this country up
And the link to the darkest days and I used to read
I don't want to be a packs of mariners
In the goddamn USA
Oh!
What's a few thousand innocent lives
Stop living in the past
If you want that SUV to drive
You're gonna need more gas
It's the greatest country in the world
They train us to believe
And anyone who says that obviously
And so forth to the
You turn a thousand barrels to be in America
Because where we take triadly leaves
Where the flag is with us
With our hand in the sand
It blindly follows the powers that pee
Appacetic
Up washing state from news
On a 6.5 inch screen
Raccoons, ratchet balls, and fire
Everything's okay
In the goddamn USA
Oh, black America
Alright, it's 903 at 560 WQ
I got bad news from all by the way I'm not croaking yet
I have my doubts there for a couple of days
I had some, you know, a couple of off days
And I have a feeling that he was crossing his fingers and his legs
Even had a couple of them hair pieces crossed
Yeah, too late
If I'm gonna cross my fingers and legs
I'd be hoping the next trend isn't like this last one mole
That's what I'd be hoping
Boy, you know, coming back into this building
There is one good thing to be said for it
That is encountering some of the people
I mean, just to go to take a leak
And I counter some people I haven't seen in a while
It just makes me realize the incredible hatred
That there isn't this building for the mole-meister
I mean, just venom
I mean, incredible
Nobody's perfect, but in his case I think we may be
I think he's got a hundred percent batting average now
It's always been a soap opera at every radio station
Not like this
Not like this, man
This is just amazing
A astonishing shocking
Yeah
Anyway, I found a picture of Marlon Brando that we were looking for desperately
I was looking for it's in this week's National Inquire
We're dated March, April 1
And it's no April Fool, in fact
Oh, it's on page 6
Marlon Brando suffering heart failure
And here's a picture of poor Marlon
That looks like somebody offered him a series of bankwoods he couldn't refuse
I mean, good, golly Miss Molly
Very sad, you know
But he's always been kind of like F-Duff
I think he's a good author
Yeah, everywhere he's just a great actor
We love the Godfather
Yeah
But you know what happened to the Godfather
Our poll yesterday and anybody who saw the poll encountered late wonders
How come you left off Fox News
Well, we didn't leave off Fox News, we had them all on there
But the problem being again when you deal with those right wingers out there
They want to dittle with your poll
You know
Here they're always blaming all the illiberal pinkos for dittling with each other's polls
But they want to dittle with our poll, you know
And we're getting tired of them, did it
So once they started to zoom in the Fox up there from the middle of the pack
Which is where it was
I said, hey, we're being freaked man
Let's creep the creeps
Get them out of there so we had a yank frog's off the other thing
Which is just as well
Because we're talking about news
We're not talking about propaganda
We're not talking about spin all spin all day
Cheerleading
1183 votes on a poll and spite of the fact we touch locks off of there
Which of these do you think is doing the best, uh, given the best war coverage
MSNBC
And we're sold
256, 21 and a half percent MSNBC winning
Don't know I'm not watching any of it
204
CNN 175
I guess those are the people I like their news about two three hours later
The internet 172
BBC 149
That is shocking
NBC, the only one of the commercial networks to get even a tickle in this
58 NPR National Public Radio also 58
CBC 56 and two badmost people here can't get it like on a regular basis
Although now you can get it on our website we got a link on there at the where's it right under the, uh, the thing
Raeid's uh thing
How about that Raeid
Yeah, I don't know you won't hear from him no more
But we discovered that just in time just to get his last communication from a bag that
No more Raeid
So either his internet is down or
Oh, he had it coming anyway
Or worse
CBC 56 votes, ABC 31
And again, CBS
That gigantic series of tear drops from the CBS eyes because there's second win 25 votes
They're almost as low as Mo
As low as you can go
We're figuring here about a two five and men in this last trend in the monthly in the February
So he goes from the mountaintop right to the
Crapper
And since most of the months, uh, yeah
See you can't tell month to month
But over a period of time is what gives you a pretty good idea of who's really listening out there
Over a period of months and years and all of these things
And so when you like average it out when you realize that month after month after month
And there was that bogus January which was pretty much the anti-neil vote, you know
So they're all onium. Oh, it's really a sad situation
Although Zach, I know Zach lost 28 pounds
He's looking pretty, you know, for him
Well, he's crappin his brains out every day because he never knows when the axe is going to fall
Or is that what is he's crappin his brains out
Letta lose his voice really fast
Yeah, upset stuff
So George tells me the lifestyle's convention yesterday was sensational
Or even before we get into that, even more sensational news
Because I thought you screwed up yesterday which would not be the first time
But I thought you screwed up and uh, tell me that we're out of here 1150 today
And I look at the, see somebody here screwed up, I want to say it was clearance again
Or month or whatever make, I guess clearance makes the schedules right?
You're asking me
Carles out again
Well, I've been wanting to have the apartment down there
Yeah, well, well, I guess he's a little bit out of sorts, you know, after he got the
From Dixie
Normus
Carles did?
No, clearance
Carles wasn't that lucky
Clarence, although he could have been one day
I'll tell you one thing, I've never seen him this happy all the time I've been working here
Walking around with a big smile ear to ear on his uh, push, not Carles, Clarence
Well, maybe it was something involving the two of them, maybe Eridixie was in the middle, I don't know
With a gigantic strap on, I don't know what the deal is
But at any rate, so he screwed up the whole schedule here, so it said 1250 to Barla game
And I'm thinking, boy George, you know, give me this great hope that we have a really short show today
And come to find out that he was right
Oh, yeah! We're on Hurley to 1150
So now that we finally got some momentum, we got those five billboards up all around town
We got a big number in February, and now they're screwing us with Marlon's exhibition baseball
Oh, they're not screwing us, they're screwing the audience
But they're screwing us in the long run because it's going to chase a lot of people away
Although, I'm sure we have at least, huh?
What's it day?
I'll guarantee you there are a lot of people going to be tuned to that Marlon game
Fuck third man!
Yeah, yeah
Guaranteed, Guaranteed, man, they're going to be just lining up here and ex-
The good news is, I believe it's the last night's exhibition game, am I right?
Because the scene starts on Monday, I don't see any more exhibitionist games on the schedule over the weekend
We got a couple of more Panther crap, Panther droppings, lost again in St. Louis last night
Two seconds left in the game, it's in the net, I'll be damned
I'll be stinking damn, and they lose two to one in St. Louis
As the street continues, as they continue to, I'll tell you one thing, they're consistent, all of those consistent as Mo
They score either one or two goals every game, basically
Huh? Can't be more consistent than that, they don't want to overdo it, I guess
So it's been a depressing season at the Macarena
Question is, who's going to have the most seasoned ticket holders for next year? Is it going to be Marlon's or the Panthers?
Huh?
You know how many seasoned ticket holders the Marlon's are going to have this year?
About 30 men!
Anyway, we got a good poll today, we got a lot of stuff right out of here early at 11.50
Oh god, my health is coming back, thanks to my good doctor friend, everything is looking roses
Of course I come back to town, the very first day we got tornado warnings all over the place
It's raining like the end of the world, although it beats the Asara's warning in Toronto
Did you see that on the news?
Major panic in the city, and all around the world
Because what does that stand for, severe acute respiratory syndrome, something like that?
Yeah, yeah, and they don't really have a cure for it, although I will say this, that most of the people who are coming down with it are not dying
Well, that's good, they're isolating them and they're chatting with whatever, I don't know, but antiviral something
There have only been a few people in North America that died from it, but nevertheless, and then I'm really sure how it spread
They're saying it might be airborne, which would really be a bad piece of news, but I don't think so
Because it was airborne, it would be like millions of people that already
They think that what they think it is just like droplets from coughing or sneezing
And, well, I just came back from Toronto, so I want to spread it around
In fact, I went in, just in case that's the way it works, I went in open to door to most studio and he was in the middle of it
Yeah, segment, what the heck?
What the heck?
Just to share a good crap with Mo, although he probably has some good crap himself after seeing that number
You know, they got all excited when I was January and all
And then right, I think that's maybe the lowest number he's had all along
It's probably I figure about a two-five, about a two-three, maybe a one, huh?
Pretty lame in there, looks like to me
We're gonna boycott the deal, Roger!
See, that's not gonna work, Mo, it's just ain't the way, you know, do a good show
Become a human being, which I realize is highly unlikely when you get to be in your mid-70s
It's probably unlikely, but, you know, give it a shot
Because just being the anti-neil or the anti-everybody else on a radio station, that ain't gonna cut it
I'm coming back from the doctor yesterday, I turned on the Humper
And he was taking a couple of really good jabs at the Mo Meister
Yeah, uh-huh
See, I got a couple of them now
Some guy called it and said he was at the beast the thing the other night
Yeah
And everybody was friendly and was having a great time and Hank says that's because Mo wasn't there
We need a report on that
On what?
The beauty for the beast thing
Well, the good news for the audiences that it's Friday, which means it's
Beast Way in Day
That Friday
That Friday at QA M he'll be in here, bouncing up and down on the scale
He better get with it because that may pass him like he's standing still, you know
So he can give us the report first hand
That is correct
Well, we got a short show
11 past nine at five sixty WQAM
We're at three-oh man
It would be like if we started and said oh by the way, you're only until nine thirty
We got a bunch of crap on there
Oh no, not only the line thirty man
Ah, nine one
About thirty man
You know, for years I've been telling you about the health benefits of olio, man
I keep telling you because it's great stuff, it really does stuff for you
Olio, man, soft gels contain pharmaceutical-grade olivore
Not just ordinary pedestrian crappy olivore, but the best, super concentrated and loaded with health benefits
Olio, man, NBA can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol
Plus, there are fourteen different olio, man, formulas for you to choose from
Each one combines pharmaceutical-grade olivore with vitamins, minerals, herbals to support specific needs
From your bones, your blood pressure to your immune system
Just to cut the formulas that are right for you and what you'll be needing
And right now we got three new olio, man, formulas
One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight
And cell Q10, which is damn important for your heart
You'll find olio-meda publics, records, wall greens, whole food markets, navaros, and sedanos
Or order it online if you prefer at olio-meda-merica.com
If you want more information about all the products they make and what they can do for you
Call them toll free and ask away, call 1-866-olio-med
That's 1-866-653-6633
Get your olio med today and start poppin' it in your purse to feel a hell of a lot better
I am!
And local, this is 43560-1-2-A-M
Getin' poundin'.
If you watch only one reality show this season, you'll wanna watch the show where the kids finally get into the action
Tonight on Fox, the premiere of Touched by an American Idol
Young boys from all over the country will compete for the affection and fortune of American icon Michael Jackson
That's a beautiful thing.
Touched by an American Idol
What's it doing now?
This is called growing and changing
It's reality TV like no other, and you get to vote on who gets to sleep and Michael's bed
Honestly!
Touched by an American Idol Tuesday night at 10 on Fox
Which role was shearing along?
But I don't wanna share!
917-560-WDKM
We may have to speed up the show today, you know?
Like you want the music stations, speed up the music?
So we're gonna talk a lot faster now.
I can't talk any faster.
Anyway, I should've mentioned that on the Oliomet spot
I just looked at this and the attack at the end is appropriate for right now, and I left it off.
And I don't wanna screw up because we don't wanna get our good friends upset.
They want something even more free-olio-men.
If you're planning on attending the NASDAQ tennis tournaments this week, make sure you stop by the Oliomet booth.
They're gonna be given away free samples and raffling away gift baskets packed with Oliomet products so you can have your hands on it right away in the Oliomet too.
Anyway, here's a poll today and I'm inspired by three, a series of three letters to the editor in the hero.
See, I see which letters they pick out to put in certain newspapers.
Not that they would use the editorial pages, not just their own editorial opinions, but the letters to try to make a point, but they do.
Protests protested.
So in other words, those people who read the hero, which includes me, read both papers, my forest, my necessity.
There are no more protesters who read the Mime Hero.
Because all three letters basically say the same thing which I'm gonna read them.
And boy, it's pretty scary.
Wait till you're the first one from Alan Savitz and Carl Gables.
The piece-knicks are unwittingly helping our enemies.
They will prolong the conflict and put our soldiers at risk.
Most of these idealists don't realize the important part that psychological warfare and propaganda plan every war.
The marches in New York, Washington and other cities have a demoralizing effect on our troops.
Once our president, Congress, and more than 60% of the people have approved and committed our soldiers to a war,
it is duty and obligation of every American to support our troops on the field of battle.
Do we support our troops, yes?
Absolutely.
Then it says there should be laws enacted to this effect.
Oh yeah.
Wait.
I'm not making this up.
If we allow freedom of expression during a war, it will result in the death of many good Americans in our allies.
Under these circumstances of war, it's an act of treason and a lack of loyalty, allegiance and trust to openly display,
and opposition to what we already have engaged in.
I guess this figure must be not old enough to remember Vietnam.
Too bad we didn't have a lot more war protesters like in the mid-60s.
I'm stunned.
If we allow freedom of expression during a war, so this guy must love the Patriot Act 1 and Patriot Act 2 and 3 and 4 and 5,
and all the other sequels that are going to come.
The third Reich.
Right, there you go.
Alan the Gables, man, you need some help, Alan.
Mark Goodman and Kiba Scanzas, the shame of the protest nationally and internationally, is that they reflect a hatred for our president more than they concerned about humanity.
Apparently nothing could be more evil than the president's bravado, his absent linguistic skills and a friendly ruling by the Supreme Court.
How about his, oh sorry.
What sacrifice have these people made for the Iraqi people?
No banners be moaning Saddam to stop the torture, no calls to stop the massacre of the Kurds and Shiites, no demands to get rid of weapons of mass destruction, no doubt over the years,
these heroes have suffered great anguish over the plight of the Iraqi people since Mark and Kiba Scanzas.
It seems to me that the Iraqi people have suffered tremendously the last 12 years because of UN sanctions and now they're suffering unbelievably bad because all these gigantic bombs are dropping and innocent men, women and children on both sides are dying.
And also a lot of that friendly fire I don't think is being fired by war protesters over here is being fired by a careless people over there.
Well you know crap happens.
Let me just say this to be part of the last of these three letters.
There isn't one person who has been died, who has died, been maimed or wounded in Iraq and last a week plus now.
Who would be dead right now if it wouldn't have been for this invasion, this illegal war, not one.
Right.
So talk about suffering, talk about the grotesque images, not just of the American POWs but of the children and I mean it's unbelievable.
And now they're saying you know in Baghdad the phones are going out the TV, they knocked the TV channel off the air, the lights are finally going out and they're saying this war is going to go on for months.
So you can just imagine the goodwill that's really building up in the city of Baghdad, a city of five million people by the way, same as the city of Chicago, same side.
Heroes. We're going to be held as heroes.
Yeah.
And I hope the flower shops are still living by the way.
And then latent bank in Miami writes the third of this trifective letters in the herald this morning.
The appropriate time to protest wars when the political decisions being made.
Once our troops are in the field that is insensitive and even cruel to these men, women and their families to degrade their sacrifice.
I mean, are you listening to these words?
We're not degrading their sacrifice.
We're lamenting the fact that they were sent there in a first place and that a lot of them are going to come home and boxes and body bags.
That's what we're lamenting, not their sacrifice or fitting children.
Volunteers in our armed forces don't take the clear war and they simply swore to protect and defend our constitution, which puts that decision in the hands of others.
The right to protest, so freely exercised, is guaranteed by the same constitution that our uniform military upholds.
War protesters owe our servicemen and women gratitude not scorned.
I haven't seen anybody. See this, this is the, you know what this reminds me of? It's like Iraq and 9-11.
Right. There's no linkage. No, what's it?
When also speak of that, the latest thing that they've tried to say is that this onsar al-Islam group, who's fighting the Kurds by Iran by the border, they're connected to al-Qaeda.
There was a lengthy piece on MSNBC this morning they pointed out that there are another bunch of fundamentalist Muslims who have nothing to do with al-Qaeda.
Oh, sure. They have a post-aligned to Iran and Iraq. So I just mentioned that in passing, okay?
But don't confuse this with the facts. Just put out this big blur of stuff and then kind of let it all like sift together, you know?
A heady stew. Yeah, just tied all in together. Cool.
So somehow this concept that there's anybody out there protesting against the troops, I haven't seen it.
No. Any more than I've seen anybody saying, hey, we love Sodom. I keep hearing that.
Or you're a polygist for Sodom who's saying, no, we're not. We understand he's a butcher. So now we're going to match the butcher a bag that with the butcher of Washington.
That's what we've done. And there are a lot of innocent men, women and children on all sides over there who are being slaughtered.
And for them to tell us now this is going to go on for months, let me say it again. I see so much of Vietnam all over again.
And how dare you people protest and how I mean this line again, if we allow freedom of expression during a war, it'll result in the deaths of many good Americans and our allies.
So I guess what you said we have to bring in just eliminate, suspend all civil liberties at this point.
Everybody dump me up and we'll just play God bless America all day, every day.
And we can't have an election next year because I told you in the middle of the world that there's some people who believe that, you know, who feel that way.
Let's just any further elections until everything is done until that we make the future.
We got that hose tied in about so many way those letters inspired me to this to pull today.
What's your take on the war protesters and we've got seven, let's see, 367 excellent choices for you.
I'm one of them. I support them 100%. They're exercising their rights. They're unpatriotic. They're bad for troop morale. They're a bunch of commy pinko assholes or I protest mohauer davidit.
Those are the seven choices on our pool today. What's your take on the war protesters? I'm one of them. I support them 100%. They're exercising their rights. They're unpatriotic. They're bad for troop morale. They're a bunch of commy pinko assholes or I press protest mohauer davidit.
So anyway, all the good news is we got two pieces of good news. We got the new computer. Thanks to me for coming out in my spare check.
Got a nice computer that's as fast as lightning. So George wants to apologize to Bell Sof for all the grief he's been given out. No, they still suck.
Now don't be saying that we got to find the fine connection here. We got 1200 votes on yesterday's a blow by the computer of this building.
And I have a fine connection home, although it's not Bell Sof is comcast. I'm telling you, you've got old wiring in your house. All right. You got old wiring. Old and moldy.
Yeah, you just marked my word. See, if there was something wrong with their service, how could we be getting this lightning? I mean, incredible service here.
You follow what I'm saying just because we got the neighborhood go out and get you a new computer. That's what you need to get a computer top of the life.
Throw that one out. Get you a top of the line. The best, the most expensive, the best of money can buy. The real good news is that like I started to say, the lifestyle is convention.
The church reports that there were just a bunch of a bunch of wonderful people there yesterday. You could feel the love. You could feel as much of it as you wanted to.
Now bet. And he said, no, no depressing people. None of the crap that we hear a lot every day. See, well, I don't want to even go into it because they have a car.
No, what's the point? There are some happy people here in South Florida. The problem being that we they don't have time for us. They're busy having a good time and enjoying life and more power to them. That's right.
They're enjoying it while they can. As opposed to see the one thing about this town is that South Florida smells of old people.
No, seriously, you rolled out a window in your car and you try to get some fresh air. Oh, it smells like death out there. I thought it was swamp gas.
You're walking the streets, you know, trying to get a little exercise, little fresh air. Oh, it smells like death like old people like to cheese. Yeah, like to jam.
It smells like most peace and is bagged. Oh, and I never got around to the Cleveland Clinic yesterday to make it a deposit.
But you mark my words one of these days when I get inspired, I've been eating about 40 pounds of sorbitol candy.
And I'm going to go over there and like give them an editorial comment what I think of their health care.
Anyway, better hurry right along. I will do screenless today. We get a lot of comments in about the war protesters and about the comedy pinkos.
Let's suspend freedom of expression. I mean, I'm reading some of this stuff and it's just staggering to me.
The idea and this is always the tactic you've got to go along. You got to go step along. Otherwise you're a comedy pinko.
I mean, what are we fighting for? I thought that's what we're defending is the right to do all of these things.
The right to keep this country free and the freedom of speech all the bill of rights. I thought that's what people are supposed to be fighting for.
Even though of course in this war, it doesn't represent any threat to any of those things. That is what we're fighting for. So shut up.
Oh, well said. What did you say? 26 past nine at five. Six people do screenless.
Two by the way, we'll get the phone. So everybody's just going to talk almost a day off here again today like this.
Yeah. This is the kind of week I can handle. They off here a sick day off there. The short show with a ball game.
I like that. I think about two and a half days a week sounds good. Maybe with a ball game thrown in for one short show.
It's March Madness. Tom of the Year again. If you're looking to lay down some bets, you better know who would whom you be dealing VIP sportsbook.com is the best you can have complete.
Rest in VIP sportsbook.com a legal and licensed sports book on the original online books and still the best.
You like high parlay odds? How about you do? How about these parlay odds up to 2001? How does that sound to you? How about same free same day payouts?
How about a 15% cash bonus and in your first deposit? But most of all for the past seven years VIP sportsbook.com's in a reputation as the sportsbook with the best customer service.
Sportsbook review.com's rated the number one customer service two years in a row.
I'd be your turn to go on a roll of a lifetime. But if you're going to do that, you better make sure you're doing it with the right sportsbook.
So sign up online at VIP sportsbook.com. Get yourself a 15% cash bonus and into your first deposit. Nothing like starting out a winner.
If you're not online yet, call them tool free. 1-866-IP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. But don't forget please the 15% son of bonus is only available online.
So get online and get your 15% cash bonus today when you sign up with VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
5-666-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1-866-VIP bets. That's 1
And you're welcome. 9-32-560-WQ-Mertjard Pearl. US Architect of the War on
Lovelief and the
agreement with you however people have a right to free speech yeah i am sick of
this totalitarian government craft
patriot at his
the as i had a slow down i would have slipped
and i didn't
but i happen to be a person who believed that
sedh on his threat to us and therefore i kind of support the war and i
actually do support the war
i also you know i also having been a huge protesters of the in our more
completely one hundred percent
unequivically
demand that the people who are protesting this war be
given all their rights to protest
i love it i think our troops
actually like the fact
that they can say to themselves we are fighting for the freedom of the american
see first of all the troops are sitting over their watch in msnbc and cnc
and i don't know
do they know that there's something every every conflict all troops know that
that's a good
it does not hurt our true folks
our troops are proud americans i have got a son in the united states maybe
on station in the version golfing
and i'm telling you
like the idea that he is fighting for what we call freedom
right here in the
he is proud of the fact that his country allows people to come out and speak
their mind
now how can you possibly say i'm fighting for freedom of speech and freedom of
this and that if we start suppressing freedom of this
the last three letters i read from the herald are just enough to return my
stomach
i mean this business about if we allow freedom of expression during a war
so we're just supposed to declare martial war suspend all freedoms
and everybody who step in line that sounds very familiar to me
i'll point
it look
i hate
but i don't like you that word but i hate
George bush
yeah i think he has a piece
of basically walking talking
excrement
i get more
him in the lowest of the steam i wouldn't use him for the dog catcher
but that doesn't mean that i disagree
with the concept which may or may not be right i mean i
totally open open the suggestion but i do believe that sadaam
has proven himself to be a ruthless
m-affer
yeah you mean like to bell castrow
and like in like the chinese and like the North Koreans and like the
Iranians and like i could listen
me all right robert mogabi and i could listen probably twenty or thirty if we
had the time
castrow
let me say this okay
when sadaam was driven out of quay and there's a bit of courses to other
quay should be part of a record not because of the history of the area
but when he was driven out of quay having lost the war okay he lost the war
when he said the oil wells of quay non-fire yeah i was just vengefulness that was
just hatefulness right brother islamic so i can ask you something so that at
that point why didn't we do something then
because the father of the president moron
who was equally stupid yeah
i don't have to explain that to you do i really
so well i'd listen i don't want to waste my time here to the end of me waste but i
want to spend a whole show to debate it more called that's fine okay thanks and good luck
yourself good luck to your son love you buddy i don't want to debate the pros
and cons i mean if you support the war you're in title if you don't support it if
you're on the side of that's fine but the idea this this concept of well the troops
are already there fighting and anybody who uh... dare speak out against this is
unpaid throughout this is the oldest trick in a book this is the trick that these
batches have been used since before they got into office either you're with us
you're against us it's the good against the evil the yin and the yang that all
this other bull crab that's such a simplistic moronic mentality but obviously
there are a lot of morons out there and that's so those are the people who buy
into it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only eight t and t
and for rise the line w two qu a m
yes sir uh... what's up one truck the meal speaking
you know yes i am
uh... how it was playing uh... wonder if it's on the radio
howard who howard sir plain what bit
uh... the so fucking commercial
uh... five six seven oh five sixty screenless desperate
friday the cats got their tongue again see i shouldn't mention we got that
marlene game coming up air every single time kiss the death it's not to eleven
fifty by the way we got two hours to the moral game
maybe that maybe they caught on maybe they like those letters maybe they don't
want to speak out
all they could speak out the other way they could go out of the q a m all they
will
get high head on this is uh...
hollywood calling
and i think i got a figure out in my little you know
way
you know not eleven was you know we got attacked by
uh... people from the middle east and the senate
so they'll be mostly a
radio exactly we need and i'm sorry
as a christian we need to just continually
uh... profile people from the middle east and the fact not go all help that
attitude but spend it all kinds of
ungodly money because this is exactly what they want us to do
they took out the financial
uh... institution of the united state here we are
flooding all kinds of money that we don't have we're already now in a
deficit and it's sitting back
call that's beside call it's in fact
uh... these raffles weren't you know are are just laughing at it
at our administration this administration
uh... spending spending spending and eventually we're going to end up
going broke that is exactly what they wanted to do
and you know
this thing about you know either your way this or your gandest
uh... they're not going to twist
the mentality
of the definition of war
in my mind
we want the aggressor they were the aggressor there's no reason for us to
treat
with aggression
well you know when you when you stop and think about it since the overwhelming
majority the countries in the world are opposed to this war
uh... if you if you operate based on that philosophy read the read the
with us or against this good guys are bad guys
we're putting ourselves against the overwhelming majority the rest of the
world which i don't think most american people are ready to do that except the
the absolute american first the u.s.a. is shouting crowd at that bunch
well
you know he he's had to spend all kinds of money for home and security
i don't know he isn't saying that as a matter of fact that's one of the biggest
complaints in congress is he's not spending enough for home and security in
the mirrors of the big cities in this country are still waiting empty handed
where's all that money got to come from do all these things that were supposed to
be doing
it's kind of funny how we later after rich was here we later
a cuban uh... three
the
uh...
to the
the key
yeah
you know how do we know what
you know they wanted to get away
come on you know i think something a little bit more than that
i mean we don't know
but i mean
i don't know
that this is a
station makes me laugh
okay makes me cry so we're even i guess
five six seven oh five six to pull us up the new poll twenty six votes real
fast on their what's your take on the war protesters
they're exercising their rights eight
i support them a hundred percent seven
there are a bunch of kame pico assholes five on one of them three
i protest more how we're david to
there are on patriotic one and their bad for troop morale is got so far
all you dog rubbers out there when you go on vacation
when you're away for a pro long period of time you certainly want to hand your
dog over to some goofball
i've had that happen to me and boy it was bad news
bark avenue pet resort is the only all natural pet resort in the country it's
like having your dog have a day at the spa your poochle socialize all day
with pals and soft-matted players and always out of the supervision of dog loving
counselors to make sure they're watching what's going on
bark avenue is a full service five star resort offering boarding and large
child suites they offer daycare for your pet expert grooming on all breeds too
when you see the place like i've seen online you're going to be very impressed
with the clemeness and lack of smell of this ten thousand square foot luxury
effective tiny and when he was alive they'd be there right now cool in their heels
see for yourself what bark avenue is all about go online at bark
have a v e bark have pet resort dot com and take a virtual tour which while you're
on vacation by the way can do that from anywhere make take a look at your pet
make sure he's okay or take a real tour at bark avenue any monday through saturday
there are fourteen hundred south federal highway in hollywood just a light
north of pemberg road call bark avenue pet resort at nine five four nine two five
that's nine two four nine five four nine two five
bark for boarding grooming and daycare or check them out online at bark at petresort.com
for bark avenue pet resort
we're sports radio five cc
it's time for the w-a-m beauty and the beast content let's meet our beast judge it
start here with the illustrious great read thank you thank you ladies and gif
now our next judge needs no introduction i'm sure you're all aware of our wonderful morning
right out of my way did it that pretend with my without any of the foida
doodoo doodoo i'll announce the a winner of the beauty and the
beast contest so i can get out of here and go home all right give me a god damn
i'm low here you are now fast and the winner is match laureth number one okay beast i am the beast
your fast little toy behind that curtain is your thing is it going to be match laureth number one
or that's laureth number one let me say number one i think it's you can think we're all
there pat me ahead oh wait a minute oh you want to bother to me uh give me a minute here i can't
think i number one take up your mind we'll prove it now all right beast meet your mystery date
sport hole radio program director clearance i was hoping you'd pick me well i always thought
you were trying to cute maybe later we can talk about sports you said sports uh
nothing clearance i am the beast and you're fighting my arm for something all right you two
mother's luck at all get in the back of her head what for ma
cuz you won you moron now i got to escort you son and date to the crazy horsey
source stripped there we are kids go have a good time hey it's all the bro it's a gate club
mo i know other it looks like our audience and he meals audience uh not that backstab is
i just woke up what's that sports i can't hear your music too loud what was that
sports what i said sports sports
sports
so let me ask you guys one question why do you think the dolphins took so better every December
i'm sorry nine forty eight i thought this is a one-dimensional town or that you can smell the death
in the air but it's just uh very strange i think it's astrological five six seven oh five sixty
see we're trying to do this exercising no america's right a free speech on this program
screenless want to get to a thousand people before that stupid ballgame attendled new we got a
long way to go we want to get a lot of people on here here and again you have to push and prod are
you awake are you alive are you feeling anything you're feeling the change anything at all
wqa m fine you know how you doing okay sir uh you know about this uh this deficit that uh
the budget administration's running up here you know it's a it's an interesting thing that uh
we should be paying attention to who holds the note on all of this debt that we're accumulating
and that's uh the world that we're going against holds the note mainly our major trade partners
which is number one canada a number two mexico and then china and germany written in france all
those evil doors yeah well you know the government of tony blare is with us but the people of
Britain certainly aren't right and so i think that there's you know a multitude of reasons why
these people aren't hard behind the u.s. in this war and one of the reasons aside from the horror
are i think we got the focal anions yeah well it's the major economic impact that this is going to have
uh with all of the countries that we owe this debt to our trade deficit and right now with
uh with green span there there are the government's plan seems to have been to lower the interest rates
very low but uh once these economies start hiccoping and we possibly go into a slight deflationary
mode we're going to have a major spike in interest rates which will make the debt grow uh you know
by the way the dollar is down 43 the as-desk down six and a half points but the markets only
been open 20 minutes we had a long way to go yeah i think i think that's probably what the
markets are seeing here is that the longer term this goes and the greater the debt is this debt
is owed to somebody on this this debt and this is this is a bunch that came in inheriting record
uh surpluses in the budget how do you like that yes that's taken too long did it even before nine
eleven it's a it's amazing and what's even more great is is that this money that they're going to
be spending for all of these corporations to rebuild the rack and for some of the homeland
defense that's going on is going to these companies who are offshore in Barbados because the
well-stone amendment to the homeland security bill was stripped out the day after he was killed
and uh the well-stone amendment was to prevent any of this homeland security or rebuilding money
to be given to corporations that had option you know we're not paying us taxes sure makes you
wonder about that plane crash you know listen have a great day pal I have the right weekend hang
in there five six seven oh fine not that I'm one of those conspiracy theorists and people I've
mentioned that and I said oh no but sure was handy hey I came in handy five six seven oh five
sixty we've got uh let's see ninety eight and better so we're hundred votes now how much you
want to bet how about your life on it let's bet Greg's life on it that there's over a hundred
votes on a pool already just a matter of moments down just refurished we clicked on our brand new
hundred and six votes oh what's your take on the war protesters they're exercising their rights
thirty six I support them a hundred percent thirty there are a bunch of commie pinko
uh assholes fifteen I protest Moe Howard David at fourteen I'm one of them eight they're bad for
troop morale two and they're unpatriotic one so if you take those really hostile negative
let's see their bunch of common fifteen and uh two seventy eighteen eighteen out of one oh six
which means eighty eight voting on the other side I mean I didn't I say this just the other day
the idea that we have to sit here and and even talk about the fact that we have the right to express
an opinion whether it's popular or not whether it's uh goes along with the government or not
well what kind of crap is that what are these young people over there who are putting their
lives on the line voluntarily by the way we don't have a draft that this is an all volunteer
armed force now and so we do appreciate their efforts all of it's obviously being put in a wrong
place that's what we're pissed off about but what in the world are we doing here
what are we what are we thinking about we're thinking
putting their lives on the line what is it that they're defending shut up yeah see there you go
again defending American freedom well I thought that freedom is what these people don't want
I mean this is what the right wing has always been doing for the last seven years since
they started a flexion their muscle and everybody else went to sleep which is exactly what happened
and that is uh you know where the ones that are going to dictate the uh course of events
where the ones are going to call all the shots and the rest of you just dummy up
and go step in the line behind you think it's you just fight for the right to
there you go right exactly that's right like Martin Sheen I'm actually those kids
in his I mentioned somebody else was the daddy five six seven oh five sixty WQ I am
WQ I am hello yeah yes sir speaking
hey Neil you know I don't know if you've promised if your premise is wrong about saying the
government is suppressing people you know I've been taking all the different newspapers all around
the world and I think it's the news media around the world that's whipping up all this thing about
the protesters plus I don't the protesters don't get an opportunity to speak
well I don't know what news media you've been looking at but it seems to me that the US media in fact
I got an article on that which I'm going to get to in a minute a consultants tell radio TV
clients the protest coverage drives off viewers why no I'm going to get to that but the fact is if
you watch the media from anywhere from Canada from the BBC from England from Europe uh it's quite
the contrary they're not goose stepping it aligned there the ones who are telling it a lot what's
really happening no I agree but including about the protesters they're not not going to protesters
no I know they're not but they're not giving them an opportunity to speak their
sure they are why do you say that oh no I've been reading different papers from all over the place
from where give me give me a for instance like where uh New York Times for example I get the
I go out to zero just to see their point of view I go to newspaper in Iran see there
well why don't you go to a newspaper from like a free country not al jazeera in Iran okay sir
and the New York Times quite to contrary what you said we've hacked that on the website many
articles about the protestors including the 250,000 that marched in New York last weekend
so I don't know what you're reading man but I think we move them like that maybe the weekly
reader huh maybe some of these reading to him the weekly reader I don't know what his story is
from all these different countries like the New York Times 5 6 7 come on let's go let's find
New York City on a map can you do it no New York State no you know it's the one that's got that
thing on the left there left yeah on the left on the left coast buffalo no that's the thing
interesting thing about New York State is the more to the left you get the more conservative it is
buffalo Rochester, Batavia, Dunkirk, Fredonia, Depeu, Hamburg, LaKawana, Cheek, Towaga,
Li Roy, keep going Albion 955 we got to Marlon
big ballgame coming up today man we're gonna have a gigantic audience listening to Marlon and
Montreal all the two of the fans and teams the Montreal Exposed and the Florida Marlins at 1150
pregame this morning that's the oh that's the size of the audience
Friday you best days live on LG Zero TV it's the terrorists that can't be awards
what do you think extremists and killers hello okay the moment we've all been waiting for
the best director category and the nominees are Osama Bin Laden for Catch Me If You Can
Mohammed Atta for Plains of New York and Saddam Hussein for Road to Extinction
and the Osama goes to Osama Bin Laden for Catch Me If You Can
Unfortunately Osama Bin Laden tonight because he was the coach but I'm sure he will thank us in his next video
10 o'clock at 560 W here we get to Marlon's in the Exposed at 1150 then we got Joe and
Mark the staff known when at ballgame crab gets over with what do we have on last night flight
and Anthony you and baseball you have a Georgia Tech 659 Eddie K after the baseball game and then
the ESPN video overnight that's the agenda for the rest of the day so we have a nice short show
today which we appreciate very very much this thing with these letters to the editor and the
hero today reminds me of the Michael Moore there've been a zidian letters about that too about his
comments at the Oscars last Sunday see if you don't like what he said if you don't agree with what
he said you're entitled if you don't like what I say you're entitled but he had a right to say it
he had a right to write his books he had a right to make his movies which he had to go to Canada
make the last one bowling for Columbine because nobody here would make it in this country
but he's got a right to express his opinion and so but it's always we don't like what you said
so we're going to attack attack that's ball crab I think you know all you have to do is say I think
he's full of crap that that's all right you're full of crap I don't agree with you I think that's
a ridiculous whatever you just said or they could count it with some evidence of their own but they
don't have it yet but you notice how much we've been getting to that all these weeks yeah I haven't
heard any yet the fact that that that's the most evidence we've had so far as I'm a fact that
that's it well I'm pretty convinced oh wow don't be too sure for broadcast media patriotism
pays this is in the estates today's Washington Post it says now apparently is the time for all good
radio and TV stations to come to the aid of their country's war this is the message pushed by broadcast
news consultants who've been advising news and talk stations across the nation to wave the flag
and downplay protest against the war get the following production pieces in the studio now patriotic
music that makes you cry salute get cold chills go for the emotion advised McVeigh media a
Cleveland-based killer crab a Cleveland-based consultant and a war manual memo to its station
clients air the national anthem at a specified time each day as long as the USA is at war
the company which describes itself as the largest radio consultant in the world also has been
counseling talk show stations to make sure your hosts aren't over the top polarizing discussions
are shaky ground this is the not time not the time to take sheep child shots to get reaction
not what our young men and women are in harm's way the influential television news consulting firm
Frank and maggot associate oh yeah Frank maggot associates recently put in even starker terms
covering war protest may be harmful to a station's bottom line oh yeah how do you like that oh my
god in a survey released last week on the eve of the war the firm grew up found that war
protest were the topic that tend lowest among 60 far-bred viewers across the nation maggot said
only 14% of respondents said TV news wasn't paying enough attention to anti-war demonstrations
and peace activists just 13% thought in the event of war the news should pay more attention to
dissent maggot who represent who's representative did not return phone calls offers no direct advice
about what stations should do however the research has implied message reinforces any war activist
assertions that media outlets have marginalized opposing voices and that is absolutely correct
the anti-war woman in this country is far bigger than I was during the first few years of the Vietnam
war but you wouldn't know what from the cover it said Adam I think you're a Washington activist
I think the media has been completely biased you don't hear the sending voices you see people marching
in the streets but you rarely hear what they have to say in the media many stations employ
news consultants to offer advice about programming promotion on air personnel their influence is
considered strongest in smaller markets where many radio and tv stations have smaller stamps
and less experienced management of their network or big city brethren like our experience management
here McFae sells its expertise to dozens of radio stations that offer such formats as Christian Rock
a music rock country music a news and talk there's a thing in here about the OEM in the weeks
leading to the war Washington talk station WTNT AM is broadcast an almost unbroken stream of pro war
talk from Lexa G Gordon-Liddy Laura Engraham Michael Savage and Don Eimes another syndicated
host heard on WTNT Glenn Beck promoted and staged pro war rallies in various cities drawing
on welcome attention to his employer clear channel communications the nation's largest radio operator
on WMAL one of Washington's most popular talk stations the daytime schedule is dominated by
lardass limbaugh and shan hadity both of whom have long argued in favor of the war
and then it goes about WTOP AM and FN Washington the area is only full-time all-new station has
pitched in support of the war effort on its website it's got a whole series of related links
including thankartroops.com all these other patriotic supporting the war WTOP's website offers
only two links through anti-war groups united for peace and move on so this business that
public in this country that that's why I love the cvc so much and the bbc because they're given
news they're not cheerleading they're not worried about the bottom line they're not worried about
slanting it and you know all of that other crap they're not worried about consultants I have a
feeling the cbc and a bbc probably don't have consultants telling them how to do the news during
times like these so you're getting a dog and pony show is usually not getting the real news
and on msnbc as much as their preferable the other merconette worse from romson and they want our
poies today uh this business this hearts in floursting it's it it it takes away from the reality
of the war they keep showing these pictures well here's sergeant joshimwats from a Washington DC
and putting these pictures up on a bulletin board like these are actors and some kind of a movie
not like it's real not like people are getting injured and killed not like they're in harm's way
but it's like their characters and some kind of a made for tv movie stop demoralizing us oh sorry
171 votes they're pouring in what's your take on a war protesters like I said 180
they're expressing their rights 62 they're exercising their rights they be expressing themselves
I support them 100% 49 they're a bunch of kame pink o'assles 25 13 20%
I protest mohauer david in 25 now you're talking
I'm one of them 11 they're banned for troop morale six and they're on patriotic too
that whole article by the way is on our website today on neo-wargers.com along with a lot of
other great bedtime stories wqa m hi how are you okay I have a question I hate to play the what if
game but it's been bothering me okay I wanted your opinion if
Al Gore the trip was in office are we where we are today I don't think so I don't think so
either not that I'm a big Al Gore fan even though I did vote for him but I don't think so right I
don't think so because because the people are behind this president are not the same people who
are behind Al Gore yeah exactly Richard Proul and Wolfowitz and Ramesford these most of these
people are whole over from pop a bush exactly the war mongers aren't aren't back there and I'm
thinking we're not you know we're not as gung ho to go in and keep in mind in 1999 when this
American enterprise institute in this peanuts start when they put all this stuff in writing
that was long before 9-11 that they had all of this stuff planned yes that's very true and I just
you know I wonder you know I wonder many things but you know we're just not where we are today
well just remember when people steal election they must do it for some reason well yeah I'm sure
there was a greater plan you know in mind and I hope this wasn't it but it's a part of it it's
a beginning it's a beginning of the scary plan yeah I just wanted to tell George I saw that
ten and teller show last night of creationism and frightening and he for you just slapped himself in
the head he's not supposed to do it no it was it was scary I mean he'll if it's ever on catch it
it was scary okay I'll do it thanks a lot yeah see Al Gore maybe wouldn't and he may not have
much of a personality not that this guy does anyway but I think we'd be in a lot the different shape
I'm not saying 9-11 wouldn't happen because the FBI and the CIA would have been any more competent then
then they were with bush in there but the way we would have reacted to it and what would have
been subsequent I mean you know you're you're it's just stop and think about it 50% of the
American public believes that 9-11 was pulled off by Iraqis that Sodom had something to do with it
not one tiny shred of evidence yet and still out one tiny shred of evidence we've been in the
country now for over a week not one teeny tiny piece of chemical or biological weapons so far
but those who find the suits and the atropine and the adiada yeah and of course they respotted by
saying well of course anybody who's ready to go to war and I was going to be invaded is going to
be prepared for a biological attack we don't believe them but nevertheless we're still looking for
the evidence haven't found a shred not a shred not a scrap there was no connection between Sodom
who's saying Iraq and 9-11 non-Zipity due to zero but are intelligent and believe and believe
you me if there was you'd be what you'd be seeing it they'd be parading it around they'd be carrying
it right in front of your house here you go look at this they'd be passing out leaflets instead of
dropping leaflets all over America here we go here's the proof here the pictures here the naked
pictures right here which George wants to see yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
out of AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line WQAM gone hello yes sir yeah I got a historical question I'd
like you to answer with a benefit behind site yeah this hour this sounds like one of our
chronics it is okay yeah that was Dennis I this matter of fact he will never be on this show see
let me tell you something asshole don't ever call this show again in fact Georgia apologizes to
me for actually having you on for like 10 seconds last Friday which I remember like it was just
two minutes ago we don't put people like you on a year okay not that you don't have a right to
express your opinion just do it someplace else you're you're a sick sick twisted set individual okay
I've listened to people who are agreed disagree you know I get the wow anybody disagrees
to hang up on them no I just don't want to hear the same chronic idiots or nothing but Ojohn
provocateur professionals with no lives I thought it was him right from the get go the first
though when he said hello and it was and he wasn't on the ear and he never gonna be not on this
show call up Mo and suck his old wig okay he does oh I know that that's why I'm saying it call
up somebody who'll talk to him I mean Mo needs you he needs something especially after that
two five he had in men in the sliced month between six and nine I'm sure it's under it way under
a jack's fault yeah that's right watch your back sack now that he's although he is losing weight
and he's gonna strength back now see he's not gonna be a pushover for you Mo I'll tell you that
not like he was before and by the way if you do push him over don't do well I'm in the building
10 past 10 at five sixty WQM the best Chinese universe a Chinese meal in the universe you'll
find that the emerald coast Chinese buffet they got three locations for itself load in fact while
all these other stories are going on in the world why not this weekend take the whole gang for a big
feast at the emerald coast and you'll have a big smile on your person forget about all these
other things at least for a little while they're in sunrise north by me beats the newest emerald
coast is in Pembert Pines they got six different kinds of delicious mouthwatering soups and they've
got dozens and doesn't I don't actually know how many because I've never really counted them but
lots and lots of great entrees or you'll surf and turf on a weekends near stripstake made the
order with the gourmet center which happens to be a fantastic place to stop in there a sizzling
Asian grill featuring teriyaki steak shrimp chicken seafood hand-carb firm rim all cooked to your
order believe it or not and the emerald coast doesn't use any crap like most Chinese restaurants no
MSG no cornstarch they do all of their cooking only with cholesterol free oils too there were
faith features a full salad bar a new sushi bar and fresh shrimp cocktail and don't forget emerald
coast famous lobster fest is back featuring lobster thermators and lobster bisque and save room for
dessert too when you go there if it's possible at all stick some in your pants pies cakes pastries
ice cream dog your favorite toppings and fresh fruit the perfect ending to a real serious honest
goodness pig out at the emerald coast three softload of locations they're in sunrise at Pine Island
of 44th Street Collins Avenue just north of 163rd north Miami Beach and you'll also find them at
the intersection of flamenco and Pembroke roads in Pembroke Pines Emerald coast except for reservations
take out delivery available as well at the emerald coast look for the new or see I keep getting thrown
off because they put this at the end of the spot and I have no idea why why did you do that and
of course we don't have any idea who's got the accounts anymore you know like the people all I
think who does skip me I think oh like I said we're in big trouble for more information on the
emerald coast Chinese buffet called 954 5723822 954 5723822 for a fantastic delicious fresh
feast at a very reasonable price Emerald coast Chinese buffet
so carry on but here's our opinion I don't embrace as I watch the market fall it's as
bluff I call his bull to sell feel like shoving the real facts in his face and say show me a
commonly grown such things are good like I knew he was the Alan Greenspan way to go all over red
and all time go the Alan Greenspan way to go
so speed of that article I read little bits from the Washington Post up name me on on a national level
a liberal talk show host who is against the war who is anti-disadministration who speaks his mind
name me one how much time do I have till I'm gonna drive around till noon
name me one can you do it no I can't I can't and as far as cheap panel communication is concerned
stop and think about who they have on here Dr. Laura who's calling all the protesters
communists I mean you know she and by the way that's so she had yesterday would have kind of
eased up that seemed a little bit behind it was a tape from like two months ago but anyway Dr. Laura
you got a large ass a Schmidt-Misturus like large ass light uh and more ways than one I guess
and what what else is he Gordon Litty Ollie North right I'll Glenn Beck rhymes with Dreck
I miss uh I miss any Howard sperm now is a goose stepping in a bandwagon Phil Henry Phil Henry's
become one of those are you sure I haven't heard him do that but everybody tells me that uh
well why is that how is that possible invasion of the body snatchers how is no seriously how is
that possible it's somebody like our old friend Phil who was so so far to the opposite side who
was like anti establishment and like cutting edge and just uh real goofball you know that I guess
they're all getting the consultants are telling the same thing if you want to be on man so I think
the people in this town not to pat myself on the back or me and George or whatever's going on
this program but this is one of the very few places to quote that lady that I hate like poison
I called you a few several a couple months ago but it's true this is one of the very few places
you'll hear any voice of the scent which is which is terrifying the sense of a woman the the
sense of a woman for which I have only one thing to say yeah yeah I don't want to make light of
our troops but I will on a lighter note they had one of these embedded reporters with the Marines
and as they were going through the desert yeah hitting up he said oh you can hear the Marines all
going you know and I that's all I could think about was sent of a woman how about the set of South
Florida you can smell a death is in the air baby remember the song love is in the air sure how about
how about death is in the air just a thought book of Brian W.Q.A.M. hi hi yes ma'am oh this is Neil
yes it is I'm picking everybody up cold oh okay I watched a debate just now with Daniel
Ellsberg you know who he is right and the Republican right-winger well what we know you know
you're being redundant Republican right-winger oh Bill Crystal oh god who that's my skin crawl
I know he said he had to admit that he has he's contracted with Fox News uh-huh what does that
tell you yeah but the thing that impressed me was um mr. Ellsberg he said his favorite
source of news is the Canadian broadcast there you go I am trying to they're they're really great
they're just bringing news they're not like uh- slanting it they're not waving pom-poms they're not
throwing darts they're just presenting the truth and they're analyzing it and they put it all
out there for you to digest it was number one right he was also a former Marine Ellsberg right
and you know he wrote the Pentagon thing we're Pentagon papers right he's very informative and
I don't think he picks candidates he picks him when he votes I think he votes with his conscience
you know it's not Democratic Republican he'll go with the person that has morals and responsibility
well what do we find one of those what exactly the start I think he's still looking
mm-hmm one of the callers because I say Michael Moore for president oh how do you like that I
I vote for him so I would vote ten times for him well one of the callers uh- suggested that the
protesters go out there they want to have a party they want to have a huge party so that's
why they're protesting in the streets yeah right well I'm a protester good for you well in Rochester
in February for the first Persian Gulf War we were out there in the cold you know what Rajas
I sure do freezing to death it was no party yeah so um these people are totally brainwashed
good luck to us we don't thank you keep it up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty
on the AT&T always the same I mean if you didn't live through the Vietnam war was it
precisely the same in the early days the war with the country was all gone whole and LBJ has given
a solid an answer we're gonna go in there and bring freedom into democracy in the Vietnam and
all of southeast in Asia and buh buh buh buh buh buh buh buh and it's gonna be a piece of cake and we're
gonna put uh- get him with Forza and they just kept getting more and more bogged down and more and
more kids kept coming home in body bags and more and more lies to the American public and again
just like now the media was almost entirely manipulated whatever the Pentagon told them that's what
we'd hear and of course the Pentagon as it turned out was lying through their teeth just like now
how can you say that? Come you know you'll notice we don't admit to anything
Nobody dies because of armostates even our friendly fire. Oh, there must have been that transporter on a British plane
It must have been there fault. Everything is somebody else's fault
So how can there be any credibility when you listen to the Pentagon?
They have as much credibility as the Iraqi minister that's on every day with his full crap none
None it's just full crap. It just spin
And in the meantime while our casualties were like in the thousands and thousands in mounting and they kept saying well
There were 16 Americans killed and 15,000 of yet the me's North Vietnamese and of course who the hell knows North Vietnamese from South Vietnamese
Just like now and you know this last couple days they're starting to bring this out in this war
Same thing we can't identify the enemy. We don't know the good guys from the bad guys
See I hate to break the news to all you George W. Lookers out there
But there's nothing on somebody's forehead at least yet
No, they're not wearing t-shirts out there to say hey, I'm a good guy. I'm a bad guy
Any and of course as it turns out some of the people pretend to be good guys are bad guys and the other way around sometimes
We don't know we just don't know
Because they're not welcoming us with open hands and hearts and flowers and they don't appreciate the fact that we've like laid waste to
parts of their country
And how do you like to be one of those five million people living in Baghdad now by the way?
Why your city is rocked with these massive explosions day after day and that of course we're hearing about well
This this pinpoint accuracy of these new weapons
Well, what is that what does that have to do with anything?
I mean sure we could be bombing a crap and just indiscriminately killing people
But the world wouldn't sit still for that in any of the country
That's the only reason they're doing that is that the public would never sit still for that even if they don't get hit
They're choking on that oil smoke
From the fires yeah, oil fires to provide cover right against the bombing and when you combine that with the sandstorms
Like we had two and three days ago two days in a row and there are frequent problem there
Are you combined all that it must be really good talking about the swell in the air?
There was a story on NPR about how deadly that stuff is
They're talking about how many children how many enormous hours of children are gonna become asmatic and adults as well
Especially children asmatic and die including all of the children who have died the last 12 years under UN sanctions
Honey, yeah exactly radio back then right listen stop and think about the facts
Take a look what's really going on instead of being just an emotional or our political knee jerk asshole
Okay, let me say it again both political parties in this country sucking if we're for the weak need yelling yellow
Belly Democrats this couldn't be going on right now who all goose step down including Tom Dachel who was right there sucking around and John
Edwards and all the other ones and the right and John Kerry whoever every other day has got a different opinion
That billboard we got we've got balls. I sure like to see anybody in a congress
It's got them there are a couple of people like John Connors and Charlie Wrangler. There are a few people not too many
WQ I am
Why yes, sir?
Yeah, what is it?
Who's this Neil sounds like me? I'm glad to hear you and I'm glad to hear you for this radio off a couple things so far
First of all, I've stood on your pole. I believe that in fact I know for effect is the protests or bad for troop morale
Yeah, I've been there and Vietnam and
Secondly, I don't understand how our military first of all these are basically untrained troops, right?
You know, they're they're not the combat veteran that is correct and
They the leaders apparently of these these guys have forgotten
What happened in Vietnam you cannot identify the enemy right like you said well ago?
They don't have T-shirts on saying hey, I'm a good guy. I'm a bad guy. That's right and these guys with the white flags saying hey
I'm okay and I don't agree with the guy well get used to it now happen in Vietnam it happened in Gulf War
What happens in every war? Yes, you're absolutely correct right and I just I think
I don't think this is a good thing
You mean the war the war wrong with you I was I was question
The sensibility of going in there and then all of a sudden they were in there and after watching endless hours on
Television I'm thinking you know
There's gonna be a lot more casual and now that they're telling us it's gonna last months probably I mean
You know weak these turns into weeks and weeks turns into months and then like in Vietnam months turns into years
Can you imagine the cost and for dollars and human lives that we're talking about that was a full 14 years
12 13 year war right that's right and I don't think this will be that long and
Everyone's questioning the the repatriates in Iraq well crap man
We're we invaded their their land. Yes, but there are not they hate their leader. That's their property
And they're gonna gonna
Bitches anybody that price to I mean doesn't the American public understand the the insanity of this idea of preemptive wars
We think that they represent a threat or they might do something to us someday
Therefore we're gonna invade and bond the crap out of them now
And just a concept of that is so alien to everything that this country is supposed to stand for and always has and the public saying
Yeah, let's go get on you're right. You're right. You're right, but we did we have a choice?
We the public of course not
Tell them that we don't have a joy. You know something with it
But again going back to the protesters when you say it's bad for trooper well
I understand what you're saying
But on the other hand if more people would have been doing that in the Democrats would have had the fortitude to do it in Congress
Maybe would wouldn't be in there right now why I agree with that but too late now that remains we are yeah
So I disagree with the protest
Because I will keep but keep in mind that it was after the protest grew during Vietnam and night after night more
Hundreds of thousands of people on television all over the country. That's what eventually brought us to
Yes
The Middle Eastern world
Will be exploded to dom at people killed with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and they only
One that's going now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea and
The notes there to do nanta were right
Queen is really it over and over into our head
That iraq has some
Weapons of past destruction
Three thousand people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead
Hey, there's oil to be gone and going after sent down to play kato sama. There's no longer mention of the name in law
This but no one seems concerned all company and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration
That controls us by fear for lady am manipulation and a right
Queen is really it over and over into our heads
That iraq has some weapons of past destruction
The loss of civil rights is the rights that we're paying we're all suspects now not the ascrop is saying
I have nothing to hide table's ockers all are saying
I know be the end of the
Don't have any reservations out of provoked battle and world annihilation
Old regime must fall in have a virgin installed with no objection at all
Till the crap don't have the balls and the right
Queen is really it over and over into our parade was that iraq has some weapons of past destruction
You've heard only I drag has some weapons of past destruction
You have a certain couple of trash of everybody
That is the greatest piece of recorded material in the history of the human race
That's just my own humble opinion okay nice go and bokeh
1034 or 26 to 11 I'm talking extra fast because we got that damn Marlon exhibitionist game at 10 till noon
Good golly
Seriously imagine the number of people going to be sitting around their radio is listen to Marlon exhibition game against the exposed two fandom teams
Now go back to this last call or what he was talking about about how in every war these things go on these fake surrenders
This is an on CNN today on their website CIA warned a regular Iraqi forces could pose threat
A classified CIA intelligence report widely distributed among Bush administration policy makers and military leaders in February warned that a regular Iraqi forces could pose the greatest threat to US and coalition forces
Especially to supply lines and rear units US officials say the reported in February 3 said bath party militia and the so called Fedein Saddam could be expected to use hit and run tactics against rear units
The report also said that such units might fire on Iraqi civilians in order to tie down US and British forces according to US officials
Other US intelligence reports part of the were also predicted officials say that Iraqi forces might fire on their own people in order to create scenes of civilian bloodshed suitable for propaganda used by the regime
Which would blame the carnage on coalition forces US officials revealed the existence of the February report in response to questions about whether the tactics that have led to most of the American British deaths and POWs today were a surprise to US intelligence officials and policy makers
And officials said the CIA report was widely distributed to policy makers and war fighters no surprise here said a US official
All of this pain all of this make believe shock and dismay and all shocks
We knew damn well that's what they're going to do because it happens in everywhere
Let me ask you ask away if a foreign government were to attack us to liberate us from our illegal regime and bomb the hell out of our cities and a bunch of innocent people in the person
Yes, we'd be taking flowers and dancing across the white plant something in the flower
Yeah, I'd like to give a bunch of flowers to this administration
5.670560, 0.560 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line join George tomorrow afternoon noondatube
Boy, you're busy either the guy about that. Wow, sorry, my name. Joe. You didn't even know you were going to be there. Noondatube tomorrow, Georgia is just busy running around trying to make a living
Support that damn kid and the rest of the family too and Bill Siles of Boulevard of savings enjoy free food from a griller's choice in Atlantic City subs
Where I write in the bread make the difference known to two Bill Siles Boulevard of savings, which is located at the summer
It's 36th Street west of 27th Avenue. I had all the dealers you know, I want all the understand that but there are people out there
Don't know that McGill didn't bother putting that in there because he's busy. Yeah running away from Doreen and
Hey, Doreen is our pal now. Okay, the much-molyne Doreen who took all the abuse from the molemyster. Okay, heroin.
She's on heroin.
You know something after putting up with him, I wouldn't blame her. Hey, go up those checkered papers. Get out of here, you silly old cute.
301 votes on the poll. What's your take out of war protesters? They're exercising their rights. 107. I support them 100% 78.
I protest Mojaro David it is moving into third place with 44 votes. Okay, I I I there are a bunch of commie pinko assholes 41 13.6%.
I'm one of them 17 one of the protesters. They're bad for troop morale eight and they're on patriotic six. So if you had a percentage of the negative votes, let's see 4.5 and
13.6 is 18.1. So the 18 poor the other 82% say you go guys, whatever. In other words, even if you don't agree with them, how could anybody say they don't have a right to do it?
They don't have the right to do it. Again, if you missed the beginning of the show, there are three letters in a row under protest protested in the editorial page in the
middle of the day. And these three letters, which I read on the year and I'm not going to read again are just so so mind boggling to show you the mindset that we're dealing here. We're in a war so everybody else shut up.
And this this on the heels not that many years, Vietnam made it in 75. I believe was the last year when Ford replaced our soon to be impeached and now a departed president.
75 that's only 28 years ago. I grant you if you're like 25 now that's before you were even born, but if you're like let's say 35 40 on up, right?
You remember I said the Vietnam sure you go. And if you're in if you're 40 and over, you certainly remember vividly.
See, when you look at these polls, by the way, like in time in Newsweek, and you'll see that the most gong hole for this war are like 18 to 34 year olds.
At least the ones who aren't over there because we have no draft. I wonder number one, if those 18 to 34 year olds would be so gong ho if they had to be the ones who were over there doing the fighting and be involved in all this insanity that's going on and be if they really had been alive during Vietnam.
And not only was Vietnam a discretion in terms of the administration of Johnson and Nixon and Kissinger and all the lies and the generals and all the bull crap, which of course now Bob McNamara all of them all while writing books.
We made a mistake. We lied. Well, a little bit late now. You know, it's not going to bring back those 58,000 people in the body bags.
But it was a disgrace from the standpoint that when a lot of those young people came back from Vietnam, a lot of those soldiers who had been drafted by the way.
And they came back from being traumatized over there. They were treated like crap when they came back to this country.
They became the pariahs, not the politicians, not the generals, not the people who forced them to be there and butchered up all those innocent, the men, women and children.
But they became the pariahs here in their own society.
Tragedy, a horrendous chapter in American history and I have a feeling that we might just be doing it again.
I hope not. I hope the whole thing is over by the weekend. I hope when we come back Monday, well guess what?
They all came in. They surrendered. Sodoms go to the French Riviera and the life goes on and we're going to like install democracy over there.
Right. Stop and think about that. We're going to install our government when you want it or not.
And keep in mind, I mean, even though it's war between two different sets of religious fanatics, which I think one of our pieces on the website talks about that.
But keep in mind that these people aren't coming from the same places we are at all.
How can you say that we don't want the best for them?
Wrong headgear. Yeah. Yeah. We know what's best for you.
So, dummy up and let us install our government, our puppet or else.
Including that general from Orlando that we talked about yesterday.
Who just happened to be good buddies with all these right wing chicken hawks. One of their people.
I mean, it's so transparent. It's so obvious. All you have to do is read for like 10 minutes a day and you'll see what the linkage between all these people, who they are, what they're all about, how long they've planned on the day.
All of us and what their plans are for beyond us. And you'll say, oh my God. I think 19 to 11 at 560, Ravel Rousing Radio WQAM.
My and local. This is for 305. 60.
What believe a word? Neil said it. The tongue was notarized.
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, 15. Watch the dirt away. We're gonna watch the watch, watch the dirt away.
We're gonna soapy soap, dope the dirt away. And we know when we're in the tub, we watch the dirt away.
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub, I'm in the tub
Who do you feel more strongly about? Either positively or negatively? George, Neil, Mohaw or David, you see what I'm saying?
No, no, no, no, I'm talking about a radio people. Who do you feel more strong? Because the people out there, there are like a bunch of them who just hate you like poison.
Yeah, there are some who like you a lot.
But third man!
But, you know, basically for the god is criminal, don't you know, I'm creating blasphemy by doing what?
By filling in for you. Oh, well thank goodness for that, especially when I've been sick by taking that clinics and aspirin.
And I'm not taking the Botox into Botox by the way.
I'm not taking nothing up the Botox, contrary to popular rumor around town.
Now we're gonna have to like really, we better do that, we better rush along if you part that expression ball boy.
You know what this is like today? It's like handing over the audience to rush anybody else.
Here you go. The less than an hour we're gonna just hand the audience over to somebody else because we got a stupid exhibition baseball going on.
Nice go and Greg.
5 and look all this is 560.
The radio's on your...
You win!
Friday you bastard!
Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go go
and I thrust with ped eerste my man friend did it it I'll just head make up with jitter someday
and then ask him to write my pun right coffee very nover again
though I would not feel the most nice no and I would not
Be ashamed about a ginger and more gay union
Just bold and then stroking away
I die, I always kill you're not my type
Yeah!
You sound like a nine year old kid
Hey!
Get only a macho manly guy
You don't know this!
That makes me flip my wig
If ginger was a lover of mine
I'd bury my boldest feigny nose
And sight is simply re-rended
Welcome!
No, I would not be a sport old
Now, if I was not a closet of fame
That's why a ginger and more gay union
Would make me feel dizzy and gay
You're gay!
Yeah, ginger and more gay union
Would make my swirl pony ass just safe
If we had a ginger and more gay union
And any wooden have to get me raped
It's a Lv. 02 at 560 WQAM
The station would be gigantic balls donna
We got big fat oozing balls
Elephant balls to WQAM
I noticed coming to work this morning
I was always on the other ones
Did they have sports logos on mine?
I never noticed that
I didn't see any
I haven't paid no attention
I see them all the time
I saw the ones on the turn pack
They're all over the place
We have five billboards
Which means one for each year
On the station
And of course Moe
He's been here one year
He's got one
And on his
On his billboard
Which I see in the turn pack right around Gryffin Road
And there's the logos of all the sports teams
I have a new of them!
We got big balls
And nobody's going to intimidate us
Except the course of certain people
WQAM
I've heard your part
Speaking, but I can barely hear you
Hey, what's up, Neil?
I've been watching that movie
Boat ship with Kid the Gooding Jr
And also, how many ferrys you think are fighting in?
WQAM
QAM
Hey, can I do the Neil?
Speaking
I'm listening to you, and I hear you
And you tell these guys the hang in there
What would you like me to tell them?
I go back to the election
And hang in there, we got another one coming up
And they stupid asses
They don't change anything
They put a captain in here
And they give you a letter
And they push by a landslide
And look, I mean, I can do
I can't hold it by the hand and take them forcibly
And make them do what they should do
You're right, but it is so freaking scary
That the people just, you know, they got their head in the sand
And they don't want to open their eyes
And see what's really going on around them
And they use the same old tire tactics
Oh, Bill McRide, he's going to raise your taxes
To paper that education thing, the classroom thing
And then right away the people buy into that
And then of course as soon as the election is over
Here's this lunatic that we call the governor
Well, we're going to subvert
Which he already got caught on tape saying the thing
We're going to have the public rescind that class size thing
And now they're saying, well, you don't have to do that
It's not going to cost as much as we thought
The public just keeps shooting themselves in the feed
I think we got a bunch of massacres out there
They enjoy the punishment
I agree, and I'm listening to that
Michael Moore's book
I listen to a driving around on audio
Right
If people could just if they don't want have the time to read
If they just listen to the guy
Yep
That's all they need
And that ought to light a fire under their ass
And get them to thinking about this
Don't hold your breath
Yeah, you're right
Listen, I appreciate the show
Okay, thanks a lot
Five, six, eight, I wish we could make a big difference
But no, we won't
But at least we have the opportunity to say something
And we're doing it, that's all it's a best you can do
And as we can
And there's one little tiny place on a crappy little station on the end of the dial with a signal
Bumper on A
And it sounds like it's coming through a strainer
But that's the best we can do
But at least we're trying to do something
W-Q-A-M
Yes, good morning, Neil
I'm back to you, okay
Yeah, there are no balls on your billboard
Oh, I know that
Oh, you know, I'm wearing the sports team
That's how you meant like real ones
Now the sports team, no balls on that
Okay, anyway, you two make a difference
At least you make a difference in my day
And even the people who get in my camp
Come out of town and I have it on my radio
And people go, who's that?
They asked me to turn it up
Because even, oh, like you say
All around the country, there isn't much of this going on
And it's just ridiculous
Because driving around all day, I just saw some more on
With a bumpers that go on the backwards truck
With the number three for Dale Earnhardt
And one time, the other one
Said, sore lose them in
And still riding around with these stupid bumper sticks
Yeah, I saw some more on with one that even said
Gems for US Senate
Hey, at least they get them out of here anyway
Neil, keep on doing what you're doing
And at least you make some people fake
Thanks a lot, pal
See you
Did I say, Pally? I shouldn't have said Pally
Hi, Pally!
560, 750, 560
We're going to do the brakes early because we've got to like, uh, yeah
We're going to accelerate the hour, apologize for that
But we have nothing to do with this baseball crap
We'll use the time compression machine
Yeah, we're going to compress it as tight as we can
And the hour two was that choice, right?
Yes indeed
That's three times three strikes in your outtroy
Towards our favorite guy
He's the only guy
He's the pimped for the life of the sales department in fact
And we got to get try on that picture somewhere
We got to like take a dark magic marker and paste them on
Yeah, Troy doesn't want to be associated with those assholes on that post
Right on Plania
Because they're dropping like flies
There's John penis he's gone
There's Adam Stulverman he's gone
There's Frank with a cigar
He had to business on the street car he's gone
There's a PD Lenny who's just gone
There's Brian Schmoetz is gone
All we got left from that, let's see, 24689
You got Adam was a good guy but uh, real quiet and get screwed over
You got Todd Drek who lives up to his name and fat boy in Scrooan
Mmm, mmm, mmm
You know something, I thought I smelled something here
Now look over there with that picture I see where it's coming from
Kinda smells like
Roy!
7 past 11 at 560 WQM, I'll tell you fat people out there who are desperate to lose the weight
And we are, it's not easy, you know that
But here's a store that's there to try to help you do it
The lights of West Boka, a super store for ratkins, divers, running low carb sugar free diet
And they continue to add new low carb food products every day of your life
This month the lights introduce three new flavors of their low carb crunchy racquet chips
And new low carb brownies by carb control and forward delicious flavors
With only one carb per serving for all your brownie hounds
So whether it's the delicious carbolite ice cream, breads, muffins, cheesecakes, pasta, sauces, any of the 600 low carb foods
The lights of West Boka is the place that's crammed with all kinds of great snack and other good ideas
To help you stay on the straight and narrow path
And you can always try anything in the store before you buy it
They got an knowledgeable staff that knows adkins and low carb dieting inside and out
And they're open seven days a week from 10 to 10
At Delights they carry the most complete line of adkins brand products
They're always 25% off all day or day
So unlike your supermarket which has just a few of these items in the store that you have to search for
Here's an entire store for people desperately trying to lose the weight
Adkins diet is rated number one in the universe so head forward the number one low carb sugar free store around the lights of West Boka
On the north east corner of Glades in 441 right next to Boston Market
Or call toll free 1-877 low carb or check them out on the web if you like it lowcarb.com
Don't forget there is only one delights of West Boka
It's your official adkins retail center
We're supporting you 560
QAM
Hello I'm here
Oh Sarah
Oh Jim
Sarah
Shouldn't we be using you know
Oh don't worry I'm using the new sponge
Oh
Hi guys
I just love these dead together
Don't you?
Who's this?
Um Jim
This is Bob
Nice to meet you Jim
Hey I got a great idea
What for a game
Look you're interrupting something here
The new contraceptive sponge bob shown to be 95% effective as a method of birth control
Can solve your darkened to see if sponge bob is right for you
Well time to get back to work open wide
You got your darkened here
Bob
Come on it's after 11 at 560 WQ
We're going to have to talk real fast move right along take about 5,000 calls right because we got a very short time until that Margl
Uh exhibition baseball game
Now we got what's in here yesterday took advantage of some Marlin tickets let's give away some Marlin tickets too
What do you say?
560 7 0 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Opening day Marlin tickets anybody want them?
No I'm not saying we have any to give away I'm just saying anybody want them WQ I am
QA and hello yes sir
Good morning Neil and back to you
Uh you know for since our inception we've had political satire
And it really bugs me that uh the thing about condolese you can't play that not that it's important at all
Right
And uh why is it now we've had two generations of people so dumb with no historical reference that they can't
They have to accept the fact that you're either this or that you're shallow one dimensional you can't have a mind to your own
Right
It just upsets the hell out of me that uh this is what's going on
Read a history book it's all about dumbing them up first and then taking over
I said a few years ago that I wanted to write a book called the Dumbing of American I think I should have done it
You oughta done it it's happening the omni-er age and I have some historical reference I'm not the brightest bulb in the sign but if I can see it it's got to be there
I love your show Neil keep it up here you're the only smart guy on the radio
That's what I always tell him okay thanks a lot pal
I'm the only smart guy on radio anybody believe me?
No me either
5 6 7 0 5 6 you don't forget join George tomorrow noon to two at Bill Scydles Boulevard of Savings enjoy free food from
Griller's Choice in Atlantic City subs and get there early because uh the people who work there at Bill Scydles like to
Hop up all the free food before the audience gets there
So get there real early and maybe there'll be some of the few scraps left over for you and of course George will be there
Maybe get a scrap with him
Maybe let's have naked pictures from yesterday's uh lifestyles convention
He said there were a lot of boobs that showed up there
WQ I am
Hello? Yes sir
Well sir how you doing?
I'm talking about this war stuff but um a lot of people don't understand what's going on right here
And what is it?
The head of the emergency management had to resign because TV TV striver the day county manager wanted him to lie
And say that we were totally ready for a terrorist attack
Right
And don't forget about the uh latest scandal at the airport too but that just passed me
I mean I'm working airlines is about to file bankruptcy
Right
Which is one of the biggest employers in day county
Right
I mean it's just and then you know
Pinka Peking was in bed with them to get them to make a hub down here
So you could have enough money to do all this crap over at MIA
And now it's like the commission has to uh swear in everybody because they don't trust anybody from the government
I mean it's ridiculous
Well at least I got something in common with them anyway I don't trust anyone in the government either
And by the way George did you get your stuff?
I got it I got it I'm holding on to it right now
He's smoking it right now
He's squeezing it real hard
That's for you baby, we have a good one
Thanks amigo now what are those?
Much of CDs uh VCDs of a cartoon from my daughter
Alright
Thank you sir, George's thank you very much
That was down the only 18, that's down the only a couple of points things are looking really good
Well I mean as compared to like a catastrophe
But I have a feeling that if this work continues to go on longer and if they're starting to see
It's going to go on for months and months and months
I have I could be wrong
But I have a feeling that this whole investment thing a lot of other people are going to wind up losing their ass
And when you look in fact let's go back to that for one moment please there's that screen
Now they're doing a spot, damn it
But when you look like a JDS Unifase like $2.93 a share
And the prices of some of these other highly touted stocks
Cisco the greatest company in the world
Shikricks all these other you know they're all in the cramp or man
They're like $10.11 bucks
Some microsystems like $23 bucks a share whatever the hell this
I forget I forget that uh
Palm which I think they split it I gave you like 85 shares for a one maybe worth 85 maybe was about 30 man
But still I worth anything
Uh gigantic fraud this is what's going on in the rest of the public were sitting back on
Little remember like that whether it's N Ron whether it's global crossing
Whoever the hell it is all these tech stocks that were pile of crap
You know what I'm going to do starting next week
I'm going to solicit on the air I'm going to find me a good lawyer
And I'm going to get a bunch of my money back
I'm not going to wait for Rimmer anymore because he's a bad you know one of those good guy but just uh you know talks a good game to do anything
I'm not gonna I'm just not gonna stand for it
I'm gonna sue and I'm gonna get my money back and I you know every time one of these ads comes on TV
If you were if you're a broker invested more than 25% of your portfolio in tech and you lost a zillion dollars
You know I'm gonna I'm gonna call these ambulance chasing bastards and get some my money back
You go girl I was rafed it most it was rate bet I was rafed it a lot worse
And we all know gang rapes not fun that's exactly right
Oh I have a very low tolerance for a risk and then you go in there and this guy is well I double you down on this and I'm doing that and I'm about you know full crap
Okay practice yeah exactly of course it wasn't his money
It used to be mine WQ I am
Okay
Oh Neil yes sir I'm sorry about that
Go be sorry
I'm expecting you to pick up so quick
I'd like to pick it up real quick
How's it going great
I'm not calling to get your ass or anything
Go ahead I'll bend over right now
I love you no no I'm not calling for that
I love you I'll listen to you all the time though
I just uh something you said yesterday though I just wanted to take a little exception with
I'm not I'm not in agreement really with you as far as the worst thing
I think I'm a little I'm a little more though I consider myself a liberal on most things
I'm not really in agreement but you said something about um when you talk about how it's turned
How he's um
Pandering to the right
Well oh my well let me just explain something
You know I don't listen to Howard so I don't know that for a fact
But we did have we didn't have a facts
That said that and I've had other people tell me that that he's gone gung ho on behind bush and award so on
If I'm wrong about that then I'll retract it but I don't know
He is pretty gung ho over he is gung ho about the war and he is and he is uh
I would say you know more pro war than he is against it
But I mean just for this panning I mean you can't you can't just count the fact that maybe he's just saying what he is thinking because
I could like I don't believe that you're panning to the liberal than any democrats by saying what you saying I think you're saying what you believe
No I have a panning in liberals I wouldn't be saying the democratic party sucks and there's a bunch of cowards which I say all the time
That's true I don't think you're panning so I just want to say that I really I really don't believe that he's panning for the right or anything
I think I think the point that the facts are what's trying to make and I agreed with it then and I still agree with it now is that he's he's
sucking up to the very same people who would love to nothing better than to get him off the ear and have been trying to get him off the ear for years
It's ironic and it is very ironic you're right because it is true but it's unfortunate that he can't see through that
Yeah well I don't know I just don't I just don't think if someone's not of the you know of the same mind you can't just automatically say that they're panning for the right because you know
Hey everyone's got the can I have their own uh take on it
At least as of today it's still allowed yeah okay thanks a lot pal all right thanks yeah 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
400 and what is it 436 votes the votes are pouring in most of them say we don't want to hear that Marlon game we do though
Because this is a nice way to get out of here for a nice extended weekend it's a beautiful thing make like a couple hours extra on a weekend
I thought you were just joking yesterday when you said ballgame at 1150 what
Well I guess they figured Montreal the frogs up there might as well play the game early nobody's gonna show up anyway
In fact I'm sure that at Montreal those expose are gonna have a huge crowd to see that very big exhibition game today
But third man at the very least I want to hurt mode this morning coming to work I heard him talking about the braves have
Schmidt can the skip carry and Pete van Weer and who's kind of boring but they put them over on the radio
And I hate to agree with mode too much but nevertheless he is right on that I love skip here he's great
People don't do people don't watch a ballgame if they have no interest in it people watch teams play who have an interest
Either in watching their team win or else you can get their ass kicked one or the other
And then of course gildi man I know you wrong I don't want to hear a home or he should just be out of it
Gildi you're such a little suck hole okay which is one more reason we don't want gildi doing them Panther games next season
I'm all for jigs man the jigsmice do we don't want to see him get stabbed in the back right sure we'll just get him another one of those
Eye operations so we can see whatever the hell's going on in fact when the Panther games this year you don't want to see too much of what's going on you sure don't
Miss too many goals WQ I am yes sir speaking
Neil yes I think the amicadon is inevitable and I believe that Jeremiah was a bullfrog Jeremiah 61
Mm-hmm Jeremiah was a bullfrog in fact I think he croaked good friend of mine 5 6 7 0 5 60 5 60 on the AT&T
And Verizon wireless law ahead a lot of good calls today already there's another one for it though and that was one of the better ones
WQ I am
And now the end of niels contractors near and so the listeners will face the final curtain
My listeners he has said it clear
Rose a closet queer of which niel is certain yes
Niels live our life that's full he traveled the world and every highway
Yeah, but more much more than this niel did it his way
Oh
Regrets niels had a few why but that again to few to mention niel did what he had to do
Kick the competitions ass without exemption are you sure niels planned each chart of course each careful step
Oh
But more much more than this he did it his way
All right yes
There was times I'm sure the listeners knew when niel bit off more than he could show okay
But
Oh
Niels
Riders
King of South Florida
And
Spill it out
He faced
Oh
And he stood tall
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
And
What
What
That's
I'm not looking
Now as we see him go out damn set up, we found it all was so of using to think he did that all that
And me I say not in a shy way. Oh, no, oh, no, not Neil. He did his way.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I want to take a baby and put Smith and Lee. Oh, that was incredible. Wow. Put that
Richard Friedman in shame, you know what? This guy's going to be seeing the National
Anthem at the next 400 Panther Games in a row. Guaranteed. I got it here. I got one
too. I think it's a C in the CVSI. There you go. See, you never know. 25
past 11. I go to show you if you take about 40,000 calls, you'll have something to
remember them by. Hey, Tom Lehman and Joe Prierter got something for you to
remember them by and that's great deals. In fact, the folks at Hallett Pontiac want to
remind you again, even though it's almost the end of the month. There's a beast for
the way in, by the way, come out of momentarily. The Neil Deal March madness sale is still
going on. Hallett Pontiac, that's the good news. And here's some examples for you.
Neil Deal number one, you pick out any new GMC or Pontiac in stock at Hallett, like the
33 mile a gallon vibe prices, though, is 13,998 and get you 0% financing for up to 60
months. You heard right 0% for up to 60 long, amazing months. Neil Deal number two,
choose any new vehicle in stock and get you up to a $3,000 rebate that is absolutely
absolutely correct. Right, get up to a $3,000 rebate on any new vehicle in stock at
Hallett Pontiac GMC. And as always, Hallett's got great Neil deals waiting for their
unbeatable on a fantastic selection of dependable, used cars, trucks, and SUVs and a credit deal
we always tell you about. It happens to be true, even if your credit is weak. If it's marginal,
if it's awful, they'll still cut you deal some way at Hallett Pontiac. Don't forget,
it's another great set of Neil deals going on right now at Hallett get in there this
weekend because March is almost over. There are 134,01 South Dixie Highway that's US 1
across from the falls open every day, seven days a week. If you want more information
call the Neil Deal hotline, 1,888, 534, 40,211. That's 1,888, 534, 40,211. Don't forget
all Neil deals are subject to credit, approval, so you need to afford details. Hallett Pontiac
GMC who'll be beyond a shadow of a doubt, professional grades.
It's funny. What's next? Dead babies?
Take off those jacket pants.
I'm going to have some real short segments here. We got that damn ballgame coming up in
like 19 and a half minutes. And yeah, just about. And how many spots we got again between
now and 10 of? About 30, man.
W-A-T-Q-I-M. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil. Yes.
Damn, Neil. It was that guy who I was at, that was incredible, wasn't it? Oh, God.
In fact, that's why I'm backed up so bad. Now the serenade went on for about seven and a
half minutes, but it was great. Now, Neil, I just started tuning in now, Neil, when this
guy started singing that, now what's the story with you now? What's the deal with you?
You really leave it now? Am I leaving now? Well, about 19 minutes. He's just getting
ready for about three and a half years down the road. He's preparing for it.
Well, Neil, whatever you do, I'll always miss you, Neil, if I never hear your voice again.
Okay. Okay, thanks. Maybe I'll just poke on you today. Okay, that's the takes here,
that segment. Well, no, seriously, it's my fault, but again, I had it all planned out
in my mind, but I was sure that it wasn't. I wasn't going to cut that serenade off because
he did such a magnificent job. And every time you thought he was done, you know,
scored, scored. He just kept moving right along. 1132 at 560 W-Q-I-M. How I'll tell you
great place for this weekend, Pompano Park, open for great live harness racing four nights
a week every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday, first post on including the night
715 PM as always, free general parking, free admission every afternoon and night. Don't
forget every Monday at Pompano Park. There's Monday madness going on. Monday night's Pompano
Park offers two for twenty five dollar full course dinner specials in their lavish top
of the park restaurant. Every Wednesday is dollar night. You can get draft beer hot
dog soda, large pretzel, popcorn, only a bucket piece on Wednesdays. There's a great
all you can eat buffet and the four floor players lounge for just 1095 per person every
racing night. Saturday, tomorrow, March 29, his family funnily to the track bring out
the kids for a free mini horse ride and to meet the newest mini fool of Pollo. And don't
forget big night coming up a week from this Monday Monday, one of my favorite events in
the world. I'm so glad I can be here to enjoy it. Monday, April 7 will be the last free
spaghetti dinner night of the season at Pompano Park. And I'm sure that all the snores, I mean
all the wonderful folks from Winmore and Cemetery Village and all surrounding areas will be invading
the track. Monday, April 7 for the free spaghetti dinner night. And don't forget Pompano Park
also has full card, Simon Casting, Daily Starting at noon from tracks all over North America,
Highlight, Harness and Thuroughbred as well. Pompano Park, Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday,
post time 715 for all the action, great life harness racing tonight on Powerline Road
a block south Atlantic Boulevard. Plunge your brains out tonight at Pompano Park.
Line and local, we're sports radio 560, UA, UAM.
He's a queer, a wolf, means and proof and a promising queen with letting his shoes
fall and confused, self-hating, Jew, who wears fancy, underneath his shoes.
There is a meerkung, very so he's got to get married.
There is a fairy and he's got to get married. Self-hating, homo, now he's got to get married.
He's both skin of the white house homo. He's a fan of Tagutish, smoke with a glow of dawn,
of Thomas Brown. That's what he stole for. That's he drunk on and he never.
He's tuned on our road. There is a screaming, lifting, very so he's got to get married.
There is a fairy and he's got to get married. Self-hating, homo, but he's got to get married.
So come to find out that we're Jeff Heiss, neighbor Dave, okay, who I do that tremendous
serenade, goes to prove not everybody's all bad, you know, by the way Dave.
Hi, I'm Tally.
And the number two, the beast weighed in and the bad news is no change, 227, no change.
But he admitted that they took him out to some, I don't know, some place, some joint.
Yeah, gotsby's.
And he smoked it and he got hungry.
No, I'm not talking about that. He was in another one. Some crew, some crab.
But no more excuses actually. Now that I'm back here, okay, beast.
If that's gave us a down next week, we're going to put his ass back on emotional.
How do you like that for punishment? How fate worse than death.
I again apologize for the format here in his last hour, but this is all, you know,
that's the same clearance he's not here today anyway.
Right? Right.
The log is like all backed up like a cheap toy fault.
It's clearance is fault. And of course, don't mess with me.
No, she told me that's his fault.
Oh, yes, she, WQAM.
Hi, I'd like to speak to Neil.
Speaking.
Hi, Neil. Listen, you need to stop talking when I'm trying to call.
You're like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Yeah, you're right.
I'm just giving me the highest sign. Let me know when that is.
Listen.
Go ahead.
I need you, I need you to move in with me.
No.
Until this war is over.
So, so you can, you know, impart some intelligence on this man that I'm married to.
Yeah.
That if this marriage survive this war, we'll be able to survive anything because we're
on to completely opposite sides of the spectrum.
I heard a rumor about him.
He's an asshole.
That's what I heard.
Exactly.
And I tell him every day.
But what's so sad is that basically the majority of your listeners are on your side.
And so it's kind of like you're preaching to the choir because all the assholes are listening to rush
and then shnit.
Nobody, listen, I mean everybody, they're preaching to their own choir too,
but the fact of the matter is somebody's got to say it.
I'm not sitting here now even up to believe I'm going to change the world
or change any 10 block radius in South Florida.
But you know, at least we're spouting it out there and people can digest it
or puket or whatever they want with it.
It's got to be said.
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
You can't I'll be like a bunch of minor birds.
Yeah, he can turn it around to make me, you know, sound like I'm an idiot because I kind of,
you know, I think like you and when I listen to you, you just kind of just telling one very simple thing.
Sodom Hussein and the Iraqis did not invade this country.
They were not respite.
Nothing to do with 9-11.
That's the end of the discussion.
There doesn't need to be anything else said.
And nobody in Iraq has asked for help.
Right.
That's correct.
Why are we there?
I'm not I'm not getting the whole thing and you know, I'm a little part of it.
Because it's part of it's part of our master plan.
Yeah, I'm a liberal idiot according to him.
Yeah, he loves you.
And I'm like, oh, so you're telling me I would cut him off real fast fast.
And you can say answer mama.
Anyways, I love it.
Keep it up because you you you know, you're just tell it like the majority of us feel.
Thanks.
We don't so have a weekend.
You too, by the way.
See, there you go.
She's upset because she's got some bozo there.
But he's probably, you know, hung like a mooser.
Maybe, you know, maybe he looks pretty good.
Maybe he pays the bills.
And maybe he pays the bills.
Maybe he's got a lot of money like the beast.
The beast comes from big money, by the way.
So next time we do one of those contest, she was not too bad.
That young lady that he wound up with that day with the beast.
Yeah, he was better than he was.
Here we worry.
We have little faith in all.
Hey, we're never going to him a date.
Hey, we were largely responsible.
At least that's my story.
He owes us big time.
Maybe you'll share some of that great childhood.
Not me, not this kid.
I might eat in this country.
You know, this ain't going to be no food in here while I'm here.
Got your sack?
No, huh, starting tomorrow.
They bring him.
In fact, there's the amenities right up there to let me forget.
Don't forget.
Don't forget to take a break.
I'm going to do that right now.
Boxed ourselves in a corner here, but that's okay,
because Dave, the serenader there,
it was worth the price.
And it killed some great time.
18 till noon at 5.60 WDQ.
I'm still reluctant about ordering a bet over the phone.
Don't be.
It's the smart thing to do.
Be smart.
Not like Frado.
Be smart.
Pick up the instrument and call.
1-800-MAC.
Chris over a million people have done it, including me.
And a lot of us, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's all you have to do.
You'll be talking to somebody that really knows their betting stuff inside and out.
And you can choose from the top manufacturers in the world.
Cele, Sir, Listen, and King Coral,
Donald McTrish, Kerry is only the best.
And once everyone you're looking for, they got it in the stock ready
for just about immediate delivery.
Every size and style of the sun.
Donald McTrish is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
They got more repeat and referral customers than anybody in the universe
because they know how to treat their customers right.
Once you buy from Donald McTrish just the first time,
you'll never dream of going back and wasting your time on a sure way
that they can go to the department store again.
And don't forget, when you do buy the mattress from Donald McTrish,
they set up the brand new one and take away your crappy old soil betting for free.
You heard me right, Donald McTrish sets up the new one,
takes away the old betting for free.
So make the call right now and into our great night's sleep tonight.
Next Sookas and for years to come from Donald McTrish.
1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
That's 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S.
Be sure and tell him that Neil and Fat Boy and Neighbor Dave turned into C.
My, My, And Look All.
This is 4-T-L-5-60.
Way, Way, Yeah.
Yep, tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story,
we take a good heart and stiff look and to start him.
He sang a stirring bow that called holding back the years,
which was about, uh, I have no f***ing idea.
He was simply ready.
Holdin' back.
His voice was beautiful.
But how do you hold back years anyway?
Gavin Pitcher is one of those guys from some half-assed entertainment magazine
who ends up being interviewed and we can't find anyone famous to say anything.
And what is that thing where he goes strangled by the wish-nix and beta or whatever?
Bang, bang, bang, always here by me.
But he's just deliberately confusing.
But simply read frontman Nick Hucknell defends his interpretation of the song.
Look, it's very simple.
Holding back the years, thinking of the fear I've had so long,
when somebody hears, listen to the fear that's gone.
Right.
What does that mean?
Uh, well, is it obvious?
It's...
Holdin' back the years, thinking of the years,
or somebody else's, or somebody else's, or someone else's gone.
Now do you see?
Uh, I didn't hear you.
You turned on the blender.
What?
I never mind.
What about when you sing,
chance from the escape from all I've known?
Nothing had the chance to be good and nothing ever could?
Oh come on, is Nick crystal clear that I'm actually saying?
Chance from the escape from all I've known?
Don't you get it?
Hi, who keeps a bloody jackhammer in there, covered?
Simply read, one big hit, dozens of dumbass words.
It's a big juicy, stopping went and look at show business,
tonight on Inside of A Haunt.
It's Jake, I'm a riverbub.
No way.
All right, that's gonna do it pretty much for the rest of the Marvel exhibition.
This game where he explodes coming up, anybody interested?
No.
Any, uh, don't forget.
Opening day on Monday.
Any interest?
No.
530, man.
501 votes on Apple.
What's your take?
On award protesters.
They're exercising their rights.
179.
I support them 100% 127.
There are a bunch of commy-tinkal assholes.
75.
I protest, no Howard David at 67.
I'm one of them 24 protesters that is.
They're bad for SuperRal 17 and they're on patriotic 13.
New York, oh, this is good, took a ride.
The league.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Running through my pack.
He gave a corner and then bought a small front.
Big Mac.
You be Ellen.
No, yeah, I'm the one who told you.
You be Ellen.
Ellen.
You be Ellen.
Ellen.
You be Ellen.
What's your point?
21 tickets, you be 90 days.
One rose, three, three.
One rose, three, four, three.
