Oh, the season premieres until next week anyway, right?
So what the hell do I care about that, even though I didn't miss it?
I can handle it.
567-0560, pound 566-08T and T-Line Miami Beach.
Hello.
Thank you for taking my call.
Thank you for making your call.
Did you see the movie Seabescott?
No, I did not.
Oh, you messed it, Neil. You should go.
It's a beautiful movie.
I don't want to see you.
Get out of here.
You're an old fart from the track.
Good guy.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
How you doing, man?
I'm doing great.
I'm riding too far.
What do you say, something you had to dump?
He's riding two-pock.
We didn't dump him.
Oh, he's riding two-pock.
I thought he said, uh...
Your all-time favorite dead actor actress is two-pock and actor actress?
No.
Was he? He might have been in the movie.
I wouldn't know.
I had a hope not.
Here's alligator rally. Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Now you don't think he was.
He got a football point down.
Wayne on there.
Oh, my God.
How could we forget the douche?
Duke.
Oh, he's come on.
How could we forget a million?
He made way.
Yeah.
Barry.
He made Westerns what they are nowadays, man.
Crap.
Okay, thanks.
He made Westerns what they are now.
Passay.
Passay.
Right.
cliche.
Yeah, he took the old posse out there and it became passay.
Ten twenty-six.
Oh, now speaking of that, if I wanted to play a dangerous,
which we don't have a lot of time to play around,
go ahead.
What the hell?
You got to watch the video recently of her private pleasures.
Oh, see, that was good.
That was nice and pristine and clean.
And look at that.
Talk about, look at the size of that thing.
Wow.
I think that one was alive.
Ten twenty-seven at five sixty, WDQMVIP sportsbook.com
soft-fold is best sportsbook.
These are the people they ought to be plunging with because you can depend on them.
They've been around a long time.
They're going to be here next week.
You don't have to where they're going to be there with your money.
That's the deal because 99% of the other bookies you hear folks on this radio station raving about are located in the jungles of Costa Rica.
You might never even see them again, much less your cash.
So this year, move up in class to VIPsportsbook.com and do your PIP plunging in peace.
VIPsportsbook.com is the oldest and largest sportsbook in the Netherlands,
100% legal in license as well.
So call them today, toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
Sign up now and you can bet all on all the a soft-folder football and basketball teams juice free all year long.
You might have been on the dolphins. It's 100-100.
You might have been on the whole hurricane. It's 100-100.
So forget about the vigorous.
All sun-ups get a legitimate, honest-to-goodness for real, 20% cash bonus.
Not some silly funny money match play bonus or some other bogus crap.
VIPsportsbook.com, that's where you find them online or call them toll free.
1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets.
Be sure and tell me heard about it here on sportsobnoxiouswqam.
VIPsportsbook.com, where you be the VIP.
It's my seat, my seat, my seat, my seat and your seat 건데ing
my seatANKB ran back at P5.
P5 on your machine, your seat track impressed".
You're being ashamed of God.
And you're getting twisted to communist election.
You're beast and intentional as you are by all means,
You know you can see theje eerities.
Flam, follow me, what I know why.
When I have much, I try not to think of them.
What's on what to think about these things?
For a problem, I wish I could stop here.
Also think about human waste, you know, urine, leases, and poop.
It's disgusting, I can't get through a meal.
You're almost me day and night, but I know what I want to do.
May I always come to mind when I am in trouble.
It's so, so, so.
I think I must be crazy.
I've always been crazy, I know that.
1032 and 560, everybody queue up, we've got the ball game coming up at 1230 or 1235.
They still haven't told us the actual time.
No, but we do have the internet back.
We have the internet back, let's hear it.
We're back online.
All right, that's the important thing, isn't it?
No.
Jimmy Cagney, that's a good one.
Somebody faxes in.
Mm-hmm.
Your favorite all-time dead actor or actress.
Never got the credit he deserves, says Mark.
And you're absolutely correct, Mark, he was good.
He was pretty damn good.
Let's see, Jen, I see, here's, if you put more than one, I'm not even going to look at it.
I'm not even going to look at it.
Well, what?
I don't understand why we have so many stupid, stupid, stupid idiotic goofballs out there, you know what?
There's not one of these people.
It's like if I said to you, what's your favorite flavor of ice cream?
You said, well, it's strawberry and you're a pollinator and you're a pollinator.
That's great.
Rocky Road.
Yeah, you know what?
You've got, that's perfect for you too, although I do love Rocky Road, but that's perfect because you've got a Rocky Road hand in you.
Believe you, mate, there's no question about it.
Especially on a plane trip, you're going to, you're still going to take that trip this weekend?
I'm going surf in tomorrow.
Oh my god, this guy's going to be in the surf, whether he wants to or not.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, we got the, in fact, we can put this thing up anytime Eric gets around with, okay?
No, he didn't.
No, he didn't.
Because we didn't have the internet stuff.
There you go, Eric.
There you go, Eric.
You can put it up anytime you want.
We're already two with another thing for me, it's the favorite dead political figure.
Now, oh, you know what?
I better put that out though, because we want to save that, right?
When we do the dead off.
One day, we're going to do the big dead off one day next week.
Your favorite all-time dead actor, actress Peter Finch, Erol Flynn, Marilyn Monroe Grace Kelly, Jimmy Stewart,
William Holden, Katherine Hepburn, George H. Scott, John Wayne, or Jimmy Cagney.
That's a pretty good list right there, you know?
Oh yeah.
Good start.
566-70560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's Westchester, hello.
Hey, good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I got the man who taught us all that asbestos is bad for you.
Steve McQueen.
Steve McQueen.
You ready?
Get this bullet Cincinnati kid that magnificent seven.
And of course, a blob.
A blob, you know?
Thanks, pal, good choice.
Steve McQueen won't see him no more.
He's kind of like Paulie and the Godfather.
He'd have a long time ago, didn't he?
Oh yeah, a while back.
Oh, I mean, not a while back.
Oh, Paulie won't see him no more.
Okay, let's see him.
Seven out for my thing.
Now, those pictures that Boca Brian sent me the other day
with your audience doesn't know what I'm talking about.
Are they going to wind up on a website?
I don't think he sent them to Eric.
Hey, Brian, send those to Eric.
Yeah, send those to Eric.
We'd like to have those George Stone out of his mind.
And then the one where I've got the, I've got Moe's brain in my hands.
It's a beautiful thing.
I got my operating suit on there, Neil the surgeon.
And I got Moe's brain in my hand.
Oh, I never realized it was quite that big.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hey Neil, you're taking a bath.
Oh, you're taking a bath.
Now I'm going to take another bath, guy.
I can't hear what it is.
I can't hear what it is.
How are we going to get a real phone?
Moe's he's saying?
Yeah, I couldn't understand.
Get a real phone, okay?
I don't know what that is lately down there,
but there's some kind of a real problem.
Here's North Miami Beach. Hello.
Neil. Yes sir.
Hey, how you doing?
Great.
Got a few things for you.
First off, I'm actually good friends with Don Cox's daughter.
She's a host that's at the up back.
I take out North Miami Beach.
Right.
And she's a great kid.
And you know, I'm, she's got to be heard right now.
It's always, I couldn't imagine what it would be like to lose a parent.
Right.
Yeah, I actually met Don Cox a few times.
He's actually, he's a really cool guy.
He was.
My condolences to him, my heart goes out to you, Amber.
If she's listening, she usually does listen to the show.
Number two, on a lighter note, you're, I noticed you're normally a pretty straight acting gay guy.
And Don't think of home man being serious.
But there was a few weeks ago, a few months ago actually, you, there was, I call you Queenie out on the show.
Yeah.
Okay, it was a member when George lost his dog.
Yeah.
Okay, well anyway, he emailed you a picture of him.
And when you finally saw it, you went, oh, what a sweetheart.
Anyways, I thought it was kind of cute.
So that's that.
Okay.
What were things?
I'm probably neglected to put that in my diary.
I'll go back in there right now.
It was funny.
It was like, I heard that I was like, oh, I knew.
It might be a little little walk.
What a sweetheart.
Anyway, whatever his name is.
So, oh yeah, one other thing.
What do you think of Euro?
I mean, what do I think of the Euro?
Yeah.
What does that mean?
What do I think of it?
It is a whole thing of a party.
I hate the Euro.
I think the Euro coins are the most grotesque annoying things.
They all look the same.
I agree.
That's why I hate it.
I mean, the one cool thing about going to Europe is all the different kind of currency.
Yeah.
And I agree with that.
That was always the fun of changing the currency, the the Deutsch marks into the shoulders,
to the Franks.
Yeah.
Which, can you imagine if you're in the currency exchange business, do you realize how they have to rip off the public now?
Oh, absolutely.
Because that eliminates about 70% of their business.
Yeah, they suck.
I actually have a few guilders that I saved.
You know, with a little monkey with the rose face and the Queen's support.
Yeah.
Those are cool.
All right, Neil, that's all I got for you.
Okay, see you.
Inclosing, Neil?
Yes.
I can have an orgasm while driving down 995.
567-0560-0.560 on EAT&T in Verizon Wireless.
He was doing so well until right there at the bitter end.
Here's a call from the Redlands, hello.
From where?
From the Redlands, I think.
Oh, yes.
Peter Sellers.
Who is it?
Peter Sellers.
Peter Sellers is a magnificent choice.
Bravo.
Well, thank you.
Thank you.
I have a great day.
Robert, did you say Bravo?
He said Bravo.
You can probably shoot a little.
You know, I have a chance on some of his movies on Bravo.
Wouldn't surprise me.
He was a miserable son of a bitch who's what they say, but we don't really care about that.
I've heard that.
Okay.
You had never heard that?
Nope.
Oh, yeah.
I heard he was like a real bizarre, um, just an-
I had never heard nothing about him.
Peter Sellers?
Right.
And then toward the end, he got like even more bizarre.
Oh, you know who we got to put on here?
Who that?
Bella Legosi.
Oh, God.
Well, because somebody can leave him off and that's going to be very upsetting.
And then it would get upset and then Johnny Depp will get all bent out of shape.
And Martin Land will be throwing wild objects at the screen.
That's a-
That's a-
In fact, I-
I don't know, because we still don't have that thing up there for some strange reason.
It's because of that whole internet.
You know, something-
That's the lame excuse.
Didn't you fast?
Didn't you fast this cold, Eric?
You're busy scribing it.
He can't be busy scrapping it because he was too busy changing away.
He was spelling Tom Payne on there because you embarrassed him, all right?
He's tired of-
Tired of your illiteracy.
Don't forget the trends are coming at 11.30, but a pressure-
Even they're even at the deli then, they don't have pressure like that.
They won't be there today from what that guy said.
You might have pretty soon.
Why, I sure hope General Clark don't get the heebie-gb's at the deli then.
The heebie-gb's?
There might be some heebies at the deli then, but I hope he don't get it.
The heebie-gb's.
I had to talk about two seconds to sink in.
I mean, I heard it the first time, but once it penetrated my skull, the hee-brew-gb's.
That's pretty good.
I like it.
Mark it down.
Maybe we can like patent it.
We can copyright it.
Twenty-before-eleven, so we got like a pressure-packed day here today.
We got that big ballgame.
And they were going to tell us if it's 12.30 or 12.30,
fire the gun, let us just-
No, I just played something.
Just going to like-
Play the crowd-
I know a lot of guys like that.
It's that time of the year again when Mattress Shorms and furniture stores run those
Fony ad sales, I hope you're on to them.
Dalmatres actually this one simple question.
If you double the price and then offer half off, is that really a deal?
No.
Of course not.
Doesn't take a genius to figure that out.
The fact is that those stores have to run a sale to drop their prices nearly as low as Dalmatres.
The price that Dalmatres sells them each and every day, 365 days a year, even on Sukus.
For discount, prices on dozens of models from Celi,
CERTA, Temporpita, Simmons, Kingcorder, Sterns, and Foster call 1-800-Mattress.
No nonsense, no wait-
And the swish, no house brands, no Fony promises.
And best of all, you don't have to pay a premium for the best service available in the universe.
You'll get service like you only dream about from the delivery team right number one and customer satisfaction.
When you call Dalmatres at 1-800-Mattress, you still can pick the day in time for delivery when it's convenient for you.
Within any tour of Windows 7 days a week from 8 in the AM till 10 in the PM,
you'll be sleeping like a baby the very first night.
I've been sleeping on a mattress and Dalmatres for a coons age.
You ought to be doing the same for you and your back.
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup, and removal is easy to see why Dalmatres is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction.
So please don't be a sucker. Don't be fooled by those mattress shortings or furnitures or ads that can't even come close to matching what you always get every day from Dalmatres.
Pick up that phone right now called 1-800-Mattress, 1-800-MATTRES, or check them online at mattress.com.
And look all this is 4-Tradio by City.
You ain't who I am.
I pick the bad date of quits, nothing glue.
Oh, da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Oh, da da da.
Thomas Bruner, 55, resigned,
to denied his passively St. Patrick Catholic Church in Troy, Ohio,
about 65 miles northeast of Cincinnati.
Bruner's resignation came just weeks before a Catholic review board is scheduled to hear evidence
that he and four other Cincinnati area, priest-abused children,
K. Novel, ha ha unusual,
just another series of isolated incidents.
And might be important.
Yeah, let's see, we had Paul Wolfowitz a couple of days ago,
and yesterday it was, it was what's his name?
South.
No, it was Donald Rumsfeld.
No, John Cazal played South.
I know that.
Sorry.
And now, guess who says,
oh, uh, Sodom had nothing to do with 9-11?
Yeah, El President, they says that.
Why?
I said yesterday there was no evidence that Sodom was saying was involved in the terrorist attacks of 9-11,
disputing an idea held by many Americans about 70%.
Where did they get that idea?
I can't imagine, although of course there was Vice President Dick Cheney on Sunday
on eat the press, trying to like, uh,
pound it back into their heads.
We have no evidence that Sodom who's saying was involved with an 11-10,
said El President, eh?
Mr. Bush spoke with reporters after speaking with leaders of Congress about energy legislation.
How do you like that?
The President's comment on Saddam was in line with a statement Tuesday by defense secretary,
here, Ma'am, Gary Rumsfeld, who said he hasn't seen any evidence that Sodom was involved with an 11-10,
I'll be dang.
They must just be confused, okay?
Maybe they need to huddle and get their signals together.
Maybe Tom Brady can be like the pivot man.
Here's Margate, hello.
Yeah, sir.
Good morning, how you doing?
I'm doing great.
I got a suggestion for your poll.
Okay.
Don't think it's cheesy or anything.
This guy did movies back in the late 70s.
Hopefully, it sounds cheesy.
Hopefully, George will agree with me.
Bruce Lee.
Well, so what's wrong with that?
Why do you have to be defensive above Bruce Lee?
A lot of people like Bruce Lee.
George like Bruce Lee?
I think he's the day when you watch his movies.
He's the best at what he did.
I wasn't too big a fan of Peggy Lee because that mole kept distracting me.
Certainly, Bruce Lee was okay.
Thanks a lot, Pallee.
No problem, buddy.
Have a great day.
Bruce Lee, he was awful defensive about that.
Nothing wrong with Bruce Lee.
A little guy kind of fun looking, but yeah.
Good fun movies with little tiny ears.
Every time he did one of them karate shots,
he kind of like pinned his ears back like, hey,
like my little dog used to do.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and 10
for Rise of Arles Line.
Here's my knee, B, tello.
Neal.
Hi, dogma, friends.
Pretty good, sir.
Neal, first of all, Don Cox.
It was a mint, man.
Yeah.
Every Saturday morning, we used to get coffee.
We used to talk and just shoot the breeze.
Second of all, for your poll.
Charlie Bronson.
Charles Bronson.
How can we forget?
Magnificent 7.
It's only a matter of hours now, right?
I mean, he did all the greatest capes.
Yep.
He was in that one too.
Of course, all the death wish.
But we won't hold that against him.
Tend to midnight?
Tend to midnight was awesome movie.
Sensational.
I bet they had the end where he fired his gun
and killed the, what's his face?
The mechanic?
Yeah, the mechanic.
The, uh, the copy machine technician.
Right.
We got you down, pal.
Good choice.
Take it easy, my friend.
John Kazal Bruce Lee and Charles Bronson added the list.
Think, but, well, the ghost he's going to get any votes?
Maybe not.
Don't even honor yet.
Jack Lemons got six.
I mean, he's just the preliminary names on her.
Jack Lemons, six John Wayne, five Katherine Hepburn, five Earl Flynn, three George C Scott,
two Jimmy Stewart, two Grace Kelly, two Marilyn Monroe, one Peter Finches got my vote
and a Jimmy Cagney guy has voted yet.
Uh, plus there's a whole bunch of other names that haven't made it honor yet, but they will.
You know, since they're both on there and they're both dead, you know, you have to play.
What is that?
Jimmy Stewart and Katherine Hepburn.
I have to?
Oh, you don't have to.
But it would be nice.
How about Jimmy and Danny?
Oh, and what is the sound of Jimmy Stewart making love to Katherine Hepburn?
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
33.
At five.
Sorry, Jimmy.
At 5.60 W.K.Y.M.
And the pressure is building.
It's mounting now.
Keep in mind that these ratings, this trend is two thirds of the summer rating book.
And it's June, July and August.
And also keep in mind that it means like three full months of for all from eight to 10.
Also three months of being back on midday and a lot of this rest on your shoulders.
I know.
I don't.
I don't.
I mean, August, you were on like a hell of a lot because I had that first week off, you know, and I was still doing that Tuesday and Thursday thing.
This is a lot of George in this, uh, in this coming trend.
I don't want to put any extra pressure on you.
But here's a lady in West Palm.
Hello.
Did you say Walter Mathau?
That's good.
Oh, cactus flower.
That was a nice movie.
Yeah, it was okay.
I wanted to send you a recipe for a really good no bake, an anacrean pie and a hint of green cheese in it.
I mean, I mean, it sounds great.
All right.
I see you're in Toronto right now.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, have a great day.
And you too.
Oh, Canada.
Okay.
Thanks.
I think she put something else in it called an anacrean pie, you know what?
Let's just keep her up.
I'm sure we're kind of bananas.
You stick in the near, but I think I have a pretty good idea.
Man, I hope that nummy nummy line was clean.
Mm-hmm.
Just reaching back to your facts here that says all from your buddy Teddy says you are so lucky.
I remember last week you were saying there was a Marlon's game today, but at night, then you went on to say you wish it was a day game.
Well, it looks like magic ferries made it happen.
That's right.
The magic ferries we just brought our lives together like a grasshopper.
By the way, the actress in the upcoming movie Underworld is smoking Kate Beckinsale.
How do you say her name?
I don't know.
Beckinsale.
Kate has also started in haunted Pearl Harbor, serendipity and soon to be here in the aviator.
Serendipity.
Remember the serendipity singers and they'll let the rain fall down?
Nope.
You know what?
Yeah, I did.
Oh, what was that?
I saw it.
That was the arranger's table.
I saw her on a local interview with Long Brown here in a sexy super outfit.
Teddy says her English accent doesn't hurt either.
She just passed the niece Richards and Nicole Kiddman on my list of hotties.
Oh, they're called Kidman.
Ah!
Ah!
Man.
Neil?
Yes.
The Marlon's pregame today is at 12.30.
Well, thanks so much Scott.
You're welcome.
Who told you that?
Somebody.
Somebody in the know?
I certainly hope so.
Here's the call from Helen Dale, huh?
Come on, Neil.
Where does this?
Yes, I know you're a...
...sigar smoke.
Have you seen the news?
No, I'm not.
We don't talk to old people on this show's come.
Five six semis means we probably don't take too many calls from Helen Dale, isn't it?
It has old enough to be my great grandfather.
Okay, we don't talk to old farts in Helen Dale about cigars.
I don't smoke cigars.
I'm not interested.
It has nothing to do with what we're talking about today.
It's so typical of the Althacockers in South Florida, man.
They all got their own agenda.
He's waiting for the early bird.
He's going to go out to the track and light up a big fat one, you know?
He's going to be standing there hovering over the racing form when there's like four seconds to post-time
and you're desperately trying to get it a bit in behind him.
That's what that's all about.
Lucky Louis there from Helen Dale.
Maybe he knows Lester Green shirt, you think?
No.
For his sake, I hope not.
1056 at 560 WQM were just only about a half an hour away from the big bull.
The moment when those sheets are going to start pouring through that fax machine we hope.
By now you've been hearing about Lamin and Tsarassan and show for a long time
and how laminated wood flooring from Lamin and Tsarassan is the easy, the intelligent,
the low maintenance alternative to beautiful, but very, very expensive natural wood flooring.
Lamin and Tsarassan is the best place for you to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor,
Pergo Wilson, our Unifluor and Quickstep.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo Certified Instaurs.
Here's another reason why you ought to be calling Lamin and Tsarassan's prices are so low it'll flow you.
Right now you can get their September kickoff special for just 1995 bucks.
That's correct.
Just 1995 bucks gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring and is positively unreal.
Lamin and Tsarassan will match any legitimate written offer to you.
You can't beat him with your stick.
For a free and home estimate call Lamin and Tsarassan tol free until the cranky old neil toward you to call 1-877-773336.
What could be simpler? They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture moving, a 25 year warranty,
and years and years of beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring.
Call Lamin and Tsarassan tol free 1-877-773336.
Finder and local VCC's 5CC. The radio is all yours.
Thank you Ian.
Mad is hell, but I don't think I can take this anymore.
Just like right back they said to me and fill up the spent hand.
They put a catheter in me and orient her scat damn.
I said too late I grabbed myself and boy it should have smelled.
This Lausie leukemia has screwed up my blood cells.
Screwed up my blood cells.
Then it got so tough to breathe I couldn't stay alive.
I wish I never signed a form that said do not revive.
It said do not revive.
I left my body and I started walking towards the light.
But that light was the flame of hell.
And this is where I will stay.
I will burn eternally for writing the song for Gilligan's eye.
The 560 that was for a song or whatever was the in Hellendale or with a Stogie in his losing tickets from a Gulfstream.
Somebody faxes Humphrey Bogart and get him on air right away.
It's a good choice. You just knew that with those steel balls.
Gotta respect the guy with steel balls who likes his strawberries.
US troops under gunfire in Iraqie town.
US troops were ambushed on the main road of the central town of Caledia.
Today coming under heavy gunfire to destroy the truck.
An Associated Press reporter who arrived on the scene saw four US tanks surrounding the smoldering truck as helicopters hovered above.
Tank taking fire from unknown positions.
US forces were firing with no obvious targets in an apparent effort to protect themselves until reinforcements arrive.
About an hour ago a CBC said that up to eight American soldiers were killed.
And now CNN said three or four injured.
Who knows what the real number is.
And you made a good point.
And that is that when the Iraqi civilians are dying.
That American media doesn't buy the tonus.
Not even once in a while like this story.
From Fallujah.
Neighbors said that a 14 year old boy was killed and six people wounded after people had a wedding fire guns in the air to celebrate.
And a passing US military patrol open fire believing it was under attack.
The neighbors who witnessed the incident said the boy and the wounded were hit by US fire from a passing convoy of Humphrey's late yesterday.
The military could not be reached for comment because of communications problems in Baghdad.
Adele Hamud, a neighbor said the Americans opened fire in a circle around themselves.
He said the dead boy was a long name who was on his way to buy cigarettes when he was killed.
Well, I guess they just hastened the process.
Right.
He was going to die anyway.
Pulled holes in homes and buildings in the air suggested there was heavy firing by the Americans during the incident which occurred about two blocks off the Manspeed in Fallujah.
Wedding. Wedding. They were like doing in high a lea.
Shooting guns up in the air to celebrate. Well, won't see him no more.
5670560, who is your favorite all time dead actor or actress?
That's our poll question today to pull us up. It's incomplete.
We got a few names up on there. Jacqueline and Ten John Wayne Ten Jimmy Stewart eight.
He's got eight.
And then a whole bunch of the names that we've had on air for some inexplicable reason they're not up there yet.
You know what I mean?
No.
Here's a call from Cluiston. Hello.
Yeah, and the old. My name is Ross. I really like listening to your show. I want to see him on your poll today.
Okay. One name I haven't heard yet.
The man Eddie G Robinson Edward G Robinson a fantastic choice.
Yeah, I was just sad to see him not with any kind of an Academy Award.
But I actually passed away when he received the humanitarian award.
Yeah, they always do that. My favorite's all time.
After you're dead, then they decided to start giving you all the honors.
I know. I just want to say one more thing. I like to tell Candy that I love her all the fall of my heart.
Okay. Thanks for a big time.
Almost a sweetest George's little dog.
Edward G Robinson. He was great.
He always had a big stogie in his purse. Remember him?
Sure.
Always almost always in a gangster movie.
He was always a gangster. He was outstanding.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Look at that.
Here's an example here. This is a fence built in the back of the home.
The fence is that.
Hurricane Isabel, man. The big blow in the Carolinas right now.
We're going to get the ass end of it right here in Toronto with the big blow.
A lot of that goes on here.
Here's a call from Miami. Hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
Hey, I'm on vacation back from vacation.
Well, I see I'm on vacation from the Gateway Arts City.
And I'd like to add an empty poll. I'm going to have to say, Rock Hudson.
Rock Hudson. I can't imagine why.
Well, my better half wanted me to suggest Bruce Lee, but that was already called in.
Uh-huh.
And hey, do you think my blues are going to choke you into here?
Yes. Uh-uh. His better half's name is Bruce. Is that what he said?
Bruce Rock Hudson. Okay. There you go. Well, Rock Hudson was, uh, he was in a lot of, uh, good.
He was. A lot of those doors day, those corny movies.
I can't think of any that were any good, but he was on McMillan and wife.
Yeah. Remember those days? Sure.
Susan was it Susan St. James?
Uh, St. James St. John, one of those saints.
And people would watch that show and say,
the other wife, you know, he does five, six, seven, well, Tony Perkins had a wife.
But eventually, they all eventually, they all know sooner or later.
They straight down. Here's the girls brains. Hello.
Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, buddy. I worry you. Great.
Great. And by the way, just, you know, I think George is a fantastic job when you're.
George is a phenomenal man. I think George is ready to take over the helm right now.
Well, I don't know about that, but you know, when you, when you go to the greater beyond, then we'll let him take over.
And about an hour. Well, um, got a name for you. How about the sir and like Guinness?
All of you know, is he dead? Oh, yeah. Unfortunately, yeah.
Bridge over the river. Clive and worse man. Ben Kenovian Star Wars.
Oh, yeah. He was a great. I mean, he was, uh, he wasn't just another pedestrian actor.
He was like really distinguished. Yeah. I love them in bridge over the river.
Clive. Right. That's a great job. And that's a great choice.
Hey, take care. We're on. You're doing awesome, man. Keep it.
Hey, wait. See you. Yeah. You know anything about Rick and Sudge? Are they coming back?
Are we ever going to see him again? No. No. What about just, uh, when George is on, right?
Oh, sweet. Okay. Cool. Bye. See you. Yeah. Georgia invites Sudge to come on because he's not too crazy about having Rick in there.
And so it's probably like workspaders. Food and weed. Right. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 23 minutes.
Counting until those numbers are going across by fax machine.
Pretty old queen. The old has been an envelope. This is who's got the big one.
You know, I think that morning number is going to go quite a bit.
And of course, we know who's going to be taking some of the credit with his point one.
Forget about it. Mal, we know where it's at. We know for else the one at scoops in that morning.
She went there. You're not getting nobody. He has a lot of money. What?
He has a point T one. He has a pointy one. He also has a herpetic scar on his forehead.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Oh, here's a call from Tampa. It says hello.
Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Good. That article you were talking about with L.A.
You know, they passed that mall here in Tampa like eight months ago.
You got to take six foot. You go to any of the clubs. You got to say the girl can't come with a six foot of you.
And in Tampa, even with the mug one place where you got all those strip clubs like mine.
You know, they just pay the fine. They get ready like 133 weeks.
When the place is in a pack and for your poll, the winner. This should be your winner.
Because I think he was the greatest. That's Jack.
Lisa. Jack. He glieson who was in what was the movie? He was in with Paul Newman.
The hustler. The hustler. The hustler. But he did was sting the robber rep for two.
Exactly. Okay. Good choice. Pal. Hi, man.
See on Dale, Maverick. See if the at Donatello's. Is that still there in Tampa? Donatello's. I'm sure it is.
Jackie glieson. The road. Tund. One five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
A lot of pressure here today. Man John Wayne's in the lead. Isn't that depressing? Yeah. But again, we're asking.
We're not saying who is the best? Who is the greatest? No, we're saying who is your all time favorite dead actor actress?
And who the hell are we to make fun of that? Although I must say. Here. Here's a call call from Western. Hello.
Western. I'm sorry. That's okay. Don't be sorry. All right. Listen. I've always liked Humphrey Bogart.
African Queen. You know, I love the movie. I've watched it many times. Can you meet me? Yeah. I've liked Humphrey Bogart.
Okay. He's on. Thank you, sir. Oh, too late. And what did I leave out? What was the one that Kazablaka?
Uncle Vanna. Because it's overrated. Well played against Sam. No. And I guess that isn't the line.
No, play it Sam. You played it for her to play for me. Right. So that's why they say played against Sam.
But he never even said that. Just like why don't you come up and see me some time? Nope. All these other lines that they just invent.
You know. God. Amazing. I mean, you know, we're going to nitpick.
But if you're accuracy, if you're going to do lines, right, right, right, do them right. That's what the president used to say.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How about Charles Bronson?
Somebody beat you by about 10 minutes. No kidding. Yeah, I'll see it. I'll see you around 10 to midnight. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. A couple of things. Somebody mentioned style. John Kazow. Right.
Was also in what was the name of the deer hunter? Did you know that he was married? He was engaged to be married to Merrill Street.
And before the movie was finished, he died. I'll be dead. Are you busy that crazy? He died. He died. I favor it.
This is Carrie Grant. Carrie Grant is good. He was in all the great Hitchcock movies. And what else?
Hitchcock film Friday and North by Northwest. Great. Is my favorite. Outstanding, Joyce. Thank you.
Bye.
Not smart. Not like everybody said. No. No. I'm smart. And I want to speak.
What's the difference between that one and I see a different. Not like everybody said. I'm smart. And I want to speak.
You know who else are like? You know who I am. I'm low-grief. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders. I love low-grief. I have no idea what the actor's name was. He's probably your dead. I'll find out.
You think? I mean, he didn't have a big part. But I just I thought he was the he was the perfect mogreen. You know?
And I love when he put those glasses on him. You know who I am. I'm low-grief. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders.
He was good. Yeah. That's the one thing about the godfather. Well, I don't want to say all three of them. Because he had Sophia and George Hamilton and the godfather.
But the character is each character. See, that's why I love Magnolia so much is because there are like nine different stories there. And every character is like so amazing. And every acting performance is so sensational. And the same thing with the godfather.
Every character was like worthwhile. There was no like wasted character who was just like, you know, the wallpaper. Even Mama Coyleone, Morgana King. She was great. Why but she she cooked up one hell of a bowl of pasta, you know?
She looked like it. She looked like you know, enjoyed her pasta. Yeah, it looks like. Well, you know how it is. You know, cooking and eating and tasting and sampling and eating and tasting and sampling. You know how that goes?
Well, she no replace in a kitchen in the bedroom. Here's one about Kerry Grant, which we just put on. They're good timing.
It says he was great comic actor. His girl Friday, the Philadelphia store, bringing up baby, but it could also play the day of an air lead in drama north by Northwest.
Northwest notorious and suspicion. Remember suspicion by Terry Stafford? Yes. Also for his time, he led one of the more obviously gay or bisexual lives.
He shacked up with roommate Randolph Scott for several years across three different addresses.
And the photo that they sent of them, I can't see the quality of it. I can't see the detail. Can you? No. Are they like doing it?
I think they're doing like do East. Anyway, Kerry Grant is on there. He was good. He was sensational outstanding. He was and well, so many. There's so many of these, which is good. A lot of dead people.
1113 at 560 WDQM if you feel like you already died and went to hell because your job isn't worth a crap because you're not making any money and you're spinning your wheels and going no place.
How about getting yourself a new high paying computer career and you can do it before the end of this year still call our friends at fast rain and change your life in a positive way.
Alex Rocco.
Are you pardon?
No green Alex Rocco. Alex Rocco was.
Mo green is he still alive? Don't know. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive.
I love the way he said that. Solaco. They hit him with five shots and he's still alive.
Well, that's bad news for me and bad news for Sonny if he can't make that deal.
Or we know as bad news for you have sent Sonny can't make that. Anyway, call fast rain. They can have it trained and certified before years end.
The demand for computer professionals is growing like crazy and there's no better time than right now this moment to get yourself a new high paying career.
Fast rain offers job placement assistance convenient day evening weekend schedules and with six Florida locations really for and South Florida.
This bond will be one nearby you fast rain offers financial assistance for people to qualify. So call fast train today.
It could be the most important call you made in a long time. Maybe the most important one you'll ever make. 1 866 fast train.
That's one 866 fast train. No excuse to stay in the dead end job working for some schmuck no more.
Check them on the web at fast train.com and call them toll free. 1 866 fast train.
We're supporting you 560.
You a m.
By every town.
You're at 560.
WQ a m.
Spark.
You want to know where the spark went? I used to think sex life.
That's going to fit somewhere in between kids, work, cleaning, stress.
Even if I wasn't a mood? I was just too tired. Well that was before I heard about Apple know.
Give it to me!
I tried it. I had passion. Yeah, passion.
Tell me, tell me! You're scaring me!
Who'd have thought? Passion. You could run but you can't hide.
Introducing Ablamil. The new non prescription once daily tablet. They just for us.
I want it again! You heard my heart!
This is how I really am. I'm back to being me. Make love to me!
You just want me for the sex!
Her free 30 day sample cycle call or go online today.
I stole the position!
Well the 19 and 560 WQ a man of pressure. I can smell it all the way up here.
Oh my god, M.S.B. Muff.
He's clear and clear.
You're probably doing a green apple quicks then. All over each other.
Or maybe more like this. The egg on the ac.
Petty Davis says Jake M. and Fort Lauderdale. Good choice.
You only fact it.
But turn it.
Times.
Oh, well we got it, Jake. Like I said, good choice but lay off.
Okay, we got it.
Yeah, calm down, Jake. We got it.
Petty Davis, she was in sensation.
Whatever happened to baby Jane. I realized that that was like late in her career.
But the best part about that is that she and Joan Crawford were like rivals and they hated each other like poison.
So Joan probably and Petty probably enjoyed it.
I'll say I'm trying to think of which was which.
Petty was the evil one. Of course.
Joan was the butch one.
Joan.
Oh, love those shoulder pads, John.
All right.
5 6 7 0 5 60. See this pool. I guess Eric is going to like once we get the ball game on the log go up there because they were doing like piecemeal.
94 votes on here. Who's your all time favorite dead actor actress?
John Wayne 21 Jack lemon and Jimmy Stewart each have 14.
George C Scott 10 Kate Hepburn 8 Merlin Monroe 6 arrow Flynn 6 Jimmy Cagney 5 Grace Kelly 5.
Humphrey Bogart 2 Peter Finch only one Edward G Robinson Rock Hudson 1 Jackie Lisa.
No, I haven't yet and a whole bunch of names that are on there yet like Peter Sellers and Battle of the Gosey and people like that.
I'm looking at all of them. I'm bigger part. You are.
Petty Davis lost what I emailed to him and there it is.
Not on mine yet.
What you must have just advanced.
It's just reloaded.
Just now I just reloaded it and all of a sudden.
Squirt score came back out again out of 97 votes.
Do you see Battle of the Gosey on there?
No.
No.
You see Steve McQueen on there?
No.
Hey, Eric, check your facts. I thought some of them.
I think we got a little bit of a problem here.
What we have here is a failure to extrapolate.
No, this isn't a real show anyway. We just want the trends.
Oh, is that it? We want the trends in a ballgame.
I got 30 to free game. Big, big game.
The game of the season.
The Marlins have their fillies.
The Marlins who picked their ass level to four last night in Philadelphia.
They moved it up from a night game to a day game because of the storm, because of Isabel.
To which we say thank you Isabel.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Pretty good.
I don't know if this is Dave.
You know, God plays Sal on the Godfather.
Yeah.
You know, he plays Sal on also another movie with Al Pacino.
If you remember, don't they have to do it with me?
Yeah, God, they have to do it with me.
Right, Sal.
Well, my vote for the poll is the Godfather himself, Marlin Brando.
Is that?
Yeah, he died like a year and a half ago.
Nobody told him.
Nobody told us either.
Really? I've already died and he's about a year and a half ago.
Yeah, okay.
Okay.
Take two and call us in the morning.
Okay.
Just keep taking whatever you're taking.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
They hit him with five shots and he's still alive.
How do you like that?
You can't kill Marlin.
Here's Boca.
Hello.
You know, I have to, somebody have to vote for somebody and I wanted to vote for him yesterday.
My favorite actor who's dead.
Ronald Reagan.
He's also my favorite president who's dead.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Neal.
Yes, sir.
How are you doing, everybody?
Pretty good.
I actually enjoyed Anthony Quinn's work.
I'm not necessarily from that era, but I did enjoy his work.
Why do you say, like, almost apologetically, he was a great actor?
Yeah, he sure was.
Well, that's my point.
You know, I have a question.
I just, I had an opportunity to see the Godfather's second part from beginning to end.
I always caught glimpses here and there.
Could you explain to me exactly why the conspiracy that Hyman Roth had against Michael?
I mean, even if they wanted to go, even after the fact that they wanted to go into business together
over a cube with the hotels and all, why do you tend to get his life?
And I'll just hang up and, uh, listen to you.
Well, I mean, you know, why it always happened with the families.
They're always trying to wipe each other out.
Just like why did, uh, why did Marlin Brando do the, why did Michael do the thing?
Why not the heads of the five families?
I'm the label.
Right?
Right.
They were just a little bit devious.
Okay, just a little Michael was dragging his heels on the cube of thing.
And even though he showed up with the suitcase full of money, Hyman knew that he wasn't, uh, really into it.
And, uh, he had to remove Michael.
Yeah.
Just like Marlin Brando, the Godfather wasn't into the drug business because, you know, that might powder a dangerous stuff.
Michael was an impediment.
That's why Celetzel had to get him out.
Out of the way.
So there's always something, you know?
Always something with him gangsta.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60.
Anthony Quinn's a good choice, by the way.
He's outstanding a brilliant actor.
Not one of my favorites, but good.
106 votes on Aaron Peter Finch still has only one.
You know, something that's okay.
Doesn't matter me.
I was thinking something about the queen.
I mean, the guy that called him before about rock Hudson.
What?
And of course, to show you that, and I'm guilty of it myself calling the, uh, the pot-convercettled pink.
And I'm thinking, why is it this?
Just because this guy's a flavor, he's got a vote for rock Hudson.
I mean, do I have to vote for somebody who's gay?
And then I look at who did I vote for Peter Finch.
Now, he wasn't gay, but he did play in one of his best movies with Sunday,
bloody Sunday, where he played the gay doctor.
Did you ever see that?
No.
I thought it was a little kid, but I forgot everything about it.
Wasn't that the ball blow it up for something?
Football stadium?
No, no, no.
That was Sunday, uh, something else.
Something else.
No, Sunday, bloody Sunday was the one where they were both in love with his young guy.
The broad was in love with him, and Peter Finch used to split the time and, uh, did he have to see it?
Sorry.
Yeah, Peter Finch was the fact doctor.
And the guy, he just came to him for a headache, and he grabbed his package and said, okay, turn your head in the car.
Jack Lessenbury's got a great column here.
I don't think we're gonna have to have time to read it on our website.
The worst president in history from the Detroit Metro Times.
It says, I'll just read a couple of paragraphs.
A Canadian politician once told me that if you put a frog in a pot of water and slowly increase the temperature to agree at a time, Mr. Hoppy would be completely cooked before he realized anything was wrong.
I have no idea whether that's actually true for amphibians, but it does seem to be true for the American people.
Without exaggeration, George W. Bush, light blue tie, silly smirk and all, is the worst president his nation has ever had.
Yes, I know my history. Richard Nixon was an nasty cook. Warren Harding was a slob.
US grants administration was hugely corrupt and James Buchanan failed to do anything to stop the session.
They were all bad, but no one is. Nobody has done as much to ruin the nation and mess up the world as the before him drunk in Fractboy, whose daddy failed at the job before him.
You can't blame the voters too much. Most of them didn't even want him. He had to be inserted into the Oval Office by right-wing partisans on US Supreme Court after the people narrowly chose Al Gore.
And it goes on. It's on our website today. Jack Lessonbury from the Detroit Metro Times, the worst president in history and he is.
Absolutely correct. Got a stomach right on it. 26 past 11, you know what's going to happen after this break, don't you?
Yeah, if everything is if everything is oil, all the machinery is greased and cooking and the bacon.
11 30 comes. We're going to get those friends coming off for better or worse.
Anyway, VIP sportsbook.com is for better in your case because you don't have to worry about where your money is going.
It's floored as best sports book by far. And this time of the year with football, now well underway, everybody and their brother wants your money.
But 99% of these bookies are in the jungles of Costa Rica. What a man. They are all these other countries that you can't even find on a man.
So this year, move up and class to VIP sportsbook.com, the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the most prestigious stone out of their minds, Netherlands.
100% legal in license too. So listen to me and call VIP sportsbook.com right now at 1 866 VIP bets because beyond a shadow of a doubt, their South Florida is best.
Sign up now and you can get all bet all year long and South Florida's football and basketball teams juice free.
You want to bet on the dolphins, it's 100 to 100. You want to bet on the hercones, it's 100 to 100.
So forget about the big all son of skid, a real honest to goodness. 20% cash bonus, not some phony, funny money, match play bonus or some other gimmick, a real 20% cash sign up bonus.
VIP sportsbook.com, that's where you find them online or column toll free and 1 866 VIP bets, plunge to your heart's content with confidence.
1 866 VIP bets, be sure and tell me you heard about it here on QAM for VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
QAM
Psychic prediction, drop on a call to the heck number yet.
1 866 VIP bets, be sure and tell me you heard about it here on QAM for VIP sportsbook.com where you are the VIP.
1 3327, tell them those numbers maybe rule in any second, won't they?
Any second.
Alex who's got a little bit of a problem, loyalist or regular facts, he always seems to have, I'd say about 99% of the time, a little bit of a difficult time relating to our pool.
He always has a suggestion, more often than not, it's a...
Right.
For example today he says, high-neil for your pool today, how about Mr. Television Milton Burrell?
I got a better one, how about Dan Marino?
Okay.
Right? How about Johnny Olson?
Who's your all-time favorite dead actor actors?
See, I had to break the news down, as Mr. Television Milton Burrell was a comedian.
Ah, was he an actor?
Was he in movie?
No.
I mean he may have been in one somewhere along line, he probably was, but the answer is no.
So anyway, have a nice day, Alex.
Somebody says Richard Harris a very good choice, died last year as a matter of fact.
I looked it up just to make sure he died October of last year, October 25, I do believe.
Richard Harris, another one of those grizzled rits.
You know what I mean by the grizzled ritts?
Oh yeah.
Is there any other...
Is there any other...
I wish like Sean Connery, although Sean Connery is still alive.
Hong Kong.
Hong Kong?
How much?
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60.
The Duke is in the lead, which just isn't enough to make me the Duke makes me puke.
Yeah.
John Wayne 28, Jimmy Stewart 19, Jack Lemon 14, George C. Scott 12, Kate Hepburn 9, Arrow Flynn
7, Marilyn Monroe 7, and the beat goes on.
There's a pretty good list there right now, we'll add to it.
Got another hour here to let ballgame.
But of course we're just stalling around until it's first, because anybody brought you anything yet?
No, no.
What do you mean that?
No, why not?
Yeah.
It's about 10 minutes, you know.
Oh, come on, they got to roll off the facts, so they make a bunch of copies, and then they
come in here with art.
Well, we want to know right now.
Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Who is he talking about?
Andy Griffith was an actor?
Yeah, I guess a television actor, yeah.
He was your favorite actor?
Not favorite, but he was a great one.
Oh, okay, when I said, he's a dad.
Yeah, Andy Griffith died, didn't he?
I don't think I'm thinking of Buddy Epson.
I don't think Andy Griffith, I don't know now.
I don't know.
I spoke a lot of dope.
He could have died, and I wouldn't have noticed.
Peek my curiosity.
Let me take a peek.
How do you know you got the death site or something?
No, I'm just going to Andy Griffith.
It'll say right away.
See, you don't do enough searches, man.
I've been searching for a long time.
Oh, believe me, and it usually pays off.
Andy Griffith, go ask Alesson Video, whatever that means.
Andy Griffith, the show, let me see.
The Matlock page.
Boy, that was a bad show.
Well, let me show you Epson was a bad show.
You want to know why?
Because he was on it.
He was on it.
That's the good guess.
The facts, credits.
Well, let's see the facts.
Andy Griffith, born June 1st, he's not dead.
He's not dead.
In addition to which he says, oh, he's one of my, oh, he did die.
Did he?
No.
His son died.
His son died January 17th, 1996.
Oh, the hell was he?
His son Andrew Samuel Griffith, a rivulist, a developer he died.
But Andy's still going strong.
His wife is Barbara Griffith, and he's still alive too.
How do you like that?
That's as much as you all want to know about Andy Griffith.
He's not dead.
He's probably thinking of buddy Epson, maybe.
Don't you think?
I mean, there's a lot of similarity there.
Yes.
Thank you.
Here's the note.
Oh, wait a minute.
Let me take a call from my neighbor.
Don't staple him, Miguel.
I got unstable.
Tell those people that the, these are the three.
Come after I staple him, Miguel.
They're the people that are in the future.
I got unstable and de-faxing.
Miami.
Hey, Neal, how you doing?
Pretty good.
All right, buddy.
Listen, I always talk about Carol Lookunner.
Oh, my God.
How could we have left him out?
I know, man.
He's the best.
Am I being him?
You know something.
If I had a chance, I'd change my vote.
Thanks a lot, Pally.
My pleasure.
Okay.
I'm going to be the best.
I mean, just to start with a toilet flushing all in the fan.
At this point, we have to make up our mind.
Do you want me to process and fax numbers or process and email Eric Names additions to the poll?
What about the Great Orson Well somebody says that's a good one.
I beg your pardon?
No, the numbers come first.
We can always like, you know, add on the last ones for the poll.
I can, about 12, uh...
About the...
No one else is recording these names except me.
Yeah.
So they can say that all the names they want, if I don't stop what I'm doing and...
No, but I'm writing them down.
I'm doing it.
Okay.
Alright then.
Ha ha.
See, there you go.
You have little faith, problem solts.
You think I'm just sitting here doing what I saw?
I didn't want to think about that.
No, I do have my underwear.
I'm not...
Oh.
No.
Okay, here they come.
I'm just going to fax.
Just fax.
Don't worry about sorting.
Okay, don't be all out of sorts.
I might...
We might want to keep what's his name on the...
Whatever's his name is Scott.
Yes, no.
Because somebody's going to blurt something out here on this thing.
I just know it.
I'm just my Playboy TV.
And this is great for what it's worth.
But somebody's going to say something.
And then, with nobody paying attention over there, I've been...
I have done...
Orson Wells, Carol O'Connor.
The great, great Carol O'Connor.
And people say, well, what the hell was he?
And how about in the heat of the night on TV?
Right?
Right?
And all in the family, he was an actor on that.
We did not say just in the movies, although primarily we would think.
And he was in movies?
Sure, Carol O'Connor.
I can't think of one right at the moment.
Oh, and speaking of in the movies and...
How about Rod the Stiger?
Is he dead?
I don't think he is.
He's not?
I don't think so.
I love Rod's Stiger.
Man, I sure hope he's still alive just for his sake.
I think you may have a point.
I think I'm checking it right now.
Rod's Stiger?
It says they hit him with five shots and he's still...
I don't know.
Rod's Stiger?
I am DB.
Boy, is he... was he great?
Date of death?
July 9, 2002.
Wow.
Just a short time ago, like a year ago, and you forgot already.
He's still warm.
Shame on you.
So he died, Rod's Stiger.
I told you.
So get him on the list right away.
Rod's Stiger was so great, so outstanding.
He may be the definitive name on there, you know what?
Station's number one, but 18 plus.
I mean, I realize he's no Andy Griffith.
Well, now, see that, you're spoiling it, okay?
I know, you're spoiling it.
I can't contain myself.
You're spoiling it.
Just the stations are really good one.
I'm a really good one.
Let's see, I was going to suggest Lee J. Cobb says somebody,
but when you miss Bill McCollum and your nerd pool,
I have to wonder just how relevant these pools are.
There is relevant as you want to be.
Yeah, Bill McCollum, nerd, you're right.
How could we leave him out?
Nobody remembers who that was.
Lee J. Cobb, there is my choice.
I'm changing my vote if I could.
I love Lee J. Cobb, because the question is not the best,
but who was your all-time favorite that act directors?
I love Lee J. Cobb, Father Perinoia.
He was great.
He was great.
And the exorcist, I mean, on the waterfront, right?
Right?
Ho-ho!
They don't make him like Lee J. Cobb, no mo.
I mean...
Yeah, why do you do this to me, Demi?
Life, look at that.
Is that pathetic or what?
What is this?
12 plus and midday.
I didn't mean look.
I just stuck them in the machine.
Oh, you can sort them.
Well, we don't care about 12 plus.
I miss you, huh?
But we better start seeing that there is somewhere would be good.
Okay, look at life, 7.5.
Well, that's depressing.
Q-A-M-3-4-3-4-12 plus.
Well, that's a meaningless flat.
Nobody cares about 12 plus.
I'll tell you that right now.
We always tell you that because nobody with a brain in this business
cares about 12 plus because it includes our little,
pesky kids.
It includes teenagers.
It includes old people.
Nobody is of a hundred.
We don't care about them.
I mean, we wish them well.
Okay, let's do the break.
And then we'll start sortin' two of these things and we'll find some.
We'll make up some good numbers.
My line and local.
Your sports video 560.
Q-A-M-3-4-12.
Q-A-M-3-4-12.
We're number one, David!
Oh!
Yes, you have a match.
I need to light my shoelace.
How do I call this?
When there's a bomb in my shoe
and the melody in my heart
I get that tingling tingling feeling
when I blow the blame apart
when you show the world at my feet
that brings me closer to my life.
Your life is worth the taking
for my religious of reason why
with a bomb on my feet.
I put a wet spot on your seat.
You'll find that I'm an outsider
when there's a bomb in my shoe.
I'm a liar.
Why the wonderful way to choose
I this way?
I'm a liar.
I'm a liar.
I'm a liar.
I'm a liar.
Okay, 1046.
In other words, about 60 minutes now
and all this stuff.
And I have nothing in my hand.
It really means anything except the men number.
They just started coming 18 plus.
Oh.
Well, not because first we get
sandal with all that twilight plus scrap.
And nobody cares about 12 plus.
Even people are like in the way
up there in 12 plus because it's
it means like the whole audience.
You know, who now cares about that?
Well, it's almost done faxing everything.
Okay, well anyway, here's the many 18 plus.
Guess what stations number one overall the whole week?
We're number one, David!
All right.
Wow, that's a shocker.
Guess who's number one in the mid-day?
In men.
We're number one, David!
And when I'm considerably, and you know what?
A lot of that's George.
All you people know what a ripped George and ass.
Nice going, George.
You a little spick.
Anyway, 6 to 10 a.m.
Now, you notice the increase in the morning there?
That's Scott.
That's for Ralph, baby.
That's Scott.
Magnumus, think about it.
Is there any doubt?
Absolutely not.
Because the morning when and men from
three nine tied for seven to six of four point three.
Which may not sound like a whole lot.
But believe me.
That's only in one month.
When that whole summer book comes up,
and it's going to be Dino Maiden.
Am I right?
Right.
Time for six with IOD, which is dropping out like a rock with who to do it.
Oh, this is good.
This is good stuff.
We like this thing.
We'll see in the afternoon about the overall the station,
which means maybe some bonus money coming out of the summer book to chain.
In spite of George, I mean, thanks to George.
Phenomenal.
This is the kind of stuff that we,
this is what we live for ladies and gentlemen.
This is what we have to tolerate.
This is what we have to put up with.
It's all like an exact at best.
At best.
An exact.
Okay.
It's all a bunch of crap.
What it is.
Nice going, Scott.
You demand, baby.
Mornings.
3.9 up to a 4.3.
So that's like 8.6.
So I bet you're like,
Pharrell's got an 8 and Mo's got the 0.6.
Absolutely.
Yeah.
Right?
You know how that works?
You just take the number and double it for the four hours and then you do, you know,
then you figure it out.
Right.
See how I do it?
No, I don't want to see how you do it.
No, no, seriously.
4.3.
So that's 8.6 points between the two two-hour segments, between the two two,
between most two two and two pay.
So there's 8.6 there.
So maybe Mo's got like a 1.6 and Pharrell got a 7.
Or something like that.
Or the other way around.
Or yeah, right.
The other way around my ass.
Man, you know what?
Logo's got a long way around.
Yeah.
Midday WQM from a 6.4.
I made June in July.
June, July and August.
6.8.
Not only number one,
but number one because of the fact we're back 10 to 2.
And because George did a good job and because I was still doing two, they didn't
do their days for whatever.
A bunch of reasons you want to put in there.
Okay.
IOD 6.4.
They're second.
In men.
In midday.
Life.
Life.
Love.
CMQ.
WMIB.
Man in Black.
They're doing it.
Powers doing it.
Powers kick an ass, man.
He's the guy.
He's right there.
Kick trees back there.
Just diddling with himself.
Yeah.
We're doing it.
We're doing it.
We're doing it.
We're doing it.
Yeah.
We're doing it.
Now they're probably doing it on the phone.
Oh, let's see.
Here's one.
The best of me over here.
Is this to date?
We're doing the thing?
Yes.
Oh, we're doing Mark.
Oh, I'm getting ahead of you thinking about that.
We only raised 840 bucks yesterday.
We nearly had a rain out in the thing in the van.
And I don't have a total. I have no numbers. This is
There they go. Well, they got him. He's the runner today.
So they can get it. But he runs.
Get it out. Good. This is not good. I totally that yesterday.
Just a slip shot. Our best in the
merchandise has been available for over a month now.
And we got like 20. I don't know what we got.
We're closing on 25 grand. But we don't have they.
Yeah, we raised only 840 bucks yesterday.
The best in the wood. Jo and Mark at singular wireless
this afternoon between four and six 16832 North
Kendall Drive. So go see Joe Castell or Mark Eisenberg and say,
Hey, guys, how come your number sucks so bad and give us some of
the best and the old stuff we got some money for you for a
band and per rescue. Don't forget Hank will be on after
the ball game. Today's got Bino Cook between five and six on
the show. You got the big 7 to 10 tonight. Eddie K follows
that and Joe and Mark overnight will be like I said,
wherever it's going to be. I don't see anything else coming
off the machine. Don't think that's it. What? What do you mean
that's it? That's all they've given me. Well, we're going to
house all the rest of it. I'm sure the Humper would like to
know how he done. What's not good. Yeah, you didn't get the
three to sevens. No, I didn't know. I have 10 to three. I have
six to 10 and a.m. I don't got no three to seven p.m. The
Humper is probably listening right now. He's hanging on the
edge of his sack. My dad is sack waiting to hear how he did
which I'm sure you'll do just for all the chaos. It's let's
well, don't be slipping it through the crack. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60
on a AT and T line. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation is
gone. Well, we haven't wait waiting a long time. Too bad. Here's
Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, John Candy.
John Candy is a magnificent choice. All right. Thank you.
Thanks, pal. How could we leave him out the fat people are the
dead people? You know, that would have been a good one too.
Who's your favorite fat? Actor actress. That would be good
someday. Keep that in mind. Long list. Is it would be John
Belushi? Yeah. John Candy. Worson Wells. Worson Wells was
humongous. Raymond Burr. Moreland Brando. Why? I'm just giving
you some idea for like next time like Monday or whatever you want
to do. George won't be on Monday unless I'm sick. I might be
on my IBS is killing me the irritable ball. You know, you got
that hurricane. You know, oh, we got Isabel. Isabel up to 10
inches of rain. And look at that in Virginia Beach. I guess they
didn't hear Pat Robertson. The Lord wasn't paying attention.
We're putting out here. But we're going to be staying here.
Pat Robertson was praying yesterday to God to turn it away from
Virginia Beach. Turn that baby off into the Atlantic. Did it work?
No. No. Your bogus pad. You're full of crap and everybody knows
it except all his lemons. Those old ladies who keep sending
them all their money. Keep putting them in his well Charles Taylor
probably stole diamonds. Okay, here's look at that nice going
hyper. All right. Hank is number one in the afternoon along with
the mad dog in the three to four hour. Don't leave him off. He
ain't small potatoes. They had a 5.9 in the last round. They're
a six point and number one. See all of that the Schmidt stuff.
I mean, Schmidt's a tie for third, but he's down from a 5.5 to
a five point. So the hopper and a mad dog there. We got good
combos going now. We got our time slot back. Finally, after a year
and a half of being dicked around now, if we can just do something
to fix five, eight in the morning, then we'll have it licked.
I'm listening. Yeah. Yeah, you sure are. You know, for a guy that
doesn't listen to this show, he knows chapter in verse everything
I'm talking about. Neil says this in the art. I must
heard my name a Ziggand times this morning. But third man in five
minutes, which is okay with me. I'll keep it up. Whatever you want
to do. Whatever I feel good time on that show. Would you like the
18 to 34 numbers? No. Why do we want that? Just ask it in addition
to which they're persons, right? Just in the trends. We don't get
them. We don't get to bring it. I don't want that. Don't know
waste any of our facts paper anymore of your time. Okay. This we
got the big fish to fry here. So the hopper. Let's see. Power 96
went. Well, they were a second, but they went up to a five, seven
number two and many team plus in the afternoon. How do you like that?
How about persons 25 54? Shower power. Oh, we sure want that. Yeah.
Are we sure as hell want that? A five six seven oh five 60
pound five 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So we survive
another month as we continue to do it over and over again.
We're number one. Let me say it again for all you people who
hate George like poison. And of course that's great many of you.
Believe me. How many thousand? Not 30 men. Well, I think it's more than that.
But at any rate, you can pee on them all you want. But in the meantime,
the little spicks still did a hell of a job this summer and Greg ought to be coming
in near a panty one head right now saying good job you little back.
A hate your life poison. Moe had a good point. But good work. Now he really ought to be.
We're number one. Damn it. Sack of crap. Greg. Here's Miami. Hello.
Oh, yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Okay. I got to do one for you.
I think goodly eyes and stuff. Marty Feldman. Is your all time favorite
actor? Oh, well, he's got no. Perfect. Now I was perfect because I know that he's full of crap.
He's not his all time favorite that actor. I mean, this is not a difficult question.
Not. Not. Not who did you like? You know, I mean, we can do that for this time.
Three years. Come on. Contra. No matter what question you ask, it's always a question.
Just make it up as they go. Read my freaking lips. Okay. Look how it worked for a bush,
senior. Who is your all time favorite that actor or actress? That's all not somebody who
was well pretty good. The name of the game is name of name. One name. It's so simple.
And they still can't even do that. Sir, I thank you so much profusely for making a fee.
But I mean, attempt. Don't forget by the way. Here number one. Damn it.
Boy, see this, this was great. And of course, then when we get the whole summer book out,
and I think there's no question. I think we're in. I think we got it licked, you know, right?
I think we're going to be looking at. In fact, the summer book ended yesterday.
Right. Today is the beginning of the world book.
Lee J. Cobb, John Candy. Let me give you the ones that look at I put Orson Poles.
But he does. I really did. No, not anymore. You know, Orson Poles. My ass.
Oh, sir. Orson Wells was right after terrible kind of rust, stagger.
Lee J. Boy, Lee Vincocca, and then it on that. Maybe like some pictures.
My. And. This is for trade. Oh, by city.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Call me Mr. Boots. And I've been in. Do the dwell on it now.
Oh, yeah, yeah, you two will be have a good day of power.
Yeah, that's right. Starras, Dave's green and paradise.
Say you look like we'll chamber. That's goes. I is. We'll chamber.
Yeah, but you're dead. So are you right there? Get behind the car.
Oh, what for? Why? I said get. Get. What do you want? What do you want?
What do you want? What do you want? What do you want?
All right, all right. No one but the smoke is down here.
The girl. Okay. What do you require of me? I require you.
Drop your pants. Now. And I see here. Right now.
I'll focus. Drop it off. We are. You like it?
No, okay. I'm not drunk here. That's nice.
I said. Wind over. Now.
Now. The square like a pig. Square like a pig.
That's. That's. That's kind of nice.
Where you going? Don't I get it? Didn't.
We'll chamber. He ran.
Bravo to a five sixty W. The QM on a highway. We didn't yield round your show.
Let's see. Look at that in the person's 25 54 in the morning.
We went from a two to two to a 2.6. That's persons men and women.
So you just about double that. Okay. Right. Right. Right.
So for us really doing a nice God Scott. You're kicking it up.
Because the way I'm looking at it in men here. Well, let's see.
Men in the morning 18 plus Howard sperm 6.2. Same as the last trend.
Number one. Okay. Right. Radio. Mombi.
Wacky radio. 5.1. And number two. Almost no change.
It went up a tent of a point. Zeta. Paul and Ron.
We have none of their listeners. Listen to what?
We found out the other day. They went from fifth 4.5.
Here to a 4.7. And number three in men.
But that's not our crowd. Our crowd hates them like poison.
Followed by hot one of five radio on more.
And then our our our guy. I mean our guys. Your guy.
My guy. Yeah. The moment.
Oh, and my guy Scott. Yeah. You even have credit for Howard.
Now they credit for Scott. I was alright.
We'll spread it around a little bit. And I'm looking at the nice job that PD
Bulger is doing over there at.
Not at slot sportsman with a fractions point fours and point there were.
What's the point? Point nine. What's the point?
50,000 watts in the middle of the dial PD Bulger.
The man that the people of the WHO and Z made it into like a ghost town.
50,000 watts. The best AM signal in the state of Florida.
And they can't crack a one share. Well, let me let me take a look.
Let me make sure about that. Okay.
Because if they're going to do it any day part, it would be in the mid day when they got a Romeo on you know.
Or homey, Romeo.
You find it yet? No. They might actually have broken a one share in the mid day in men.
WR FX a 1.7. The same as the last time.
1.7 with a highly touted Romeo. Well, that's an assistant number we can sell.
And that's.
Yeah.
And that's the big number of the day.
Nice going PD Bulger. You sad sack. You pathetic axe murder.
You you grave robber. You derelict. You scumbag.
You piece of walking puke you.
How's the pool come and see we're kind of like side by all these ratings thing there.
Oh, we got a lot of toy. Heavy duty heavy.
There's going on. Oh, now I'm out of paper. One moment.
No problem.
That's amazing.
Because you've seen how much paper I jammed in here this morning knowing that all this stuff was coming down.
That's shocking.
OK, the pool. Who's your favorite all time dead actor or actress?
John Wayne 34. I'm a astonished Jimmy Stewart 20 Jack lemon 17 George.
He Scott 15 Humphrey Bogart 12 Jackie Gleason 12 Catherine Hepburn 12 Marilyn Monroe Steve McQueen and Bruce Lee each have 10.
Nine for Earl Flynn Carrie Grant Peter sellers as six.
Alleghena six Grace Kelly six Jimmy Cagney five.
Anthony Quinn Carol O'Connor and John Candy each have three rock Hudson's got appear.
They're kind of wrinkly though. Walter Matthews got two Bell and Legosi's got two Charles Bronson Peter Fitch and Betty Davis each have a pair.
Somebody else voted for Peter French. Let's hear it. Thank you.
You have good taste. Edward G Robinson and Richard Harris each have one.
No votes yet out of 216 for John Kazell Carrie Grant orson Wells Rodd Stagger or Lee J. Cobb shame on you shame on you people.
I'm just I'm astonished and amazed. Ain't you? No.
OK, let me take a look at this 2554. What is this? What's happening here? Did we look at this? I didn't look at it. I just stuck it in there. Yeah, I just got through reading it moments ago.
I told you in the morning in the morning they went from something to something from point A to point B.
Well, I don't know what they'll read. They did. They went up. You find it yet? No.
It's from a 222 to a 2.6 and there's nothing worse than have it a 22 people start talking about it. What kind of a name is up for dog?
Especially if you're worried in public a 222. But now it's a 266. Thanks to Scott. Nice going. He's dragging the old man up. That's persons 2554.
And in the midday persons 2554 from a from 9th of 4.1 to 4th of 4.5. See that? Right.
Now that we got our midday slot back now that the food is ticking around with us because Greg screwed up the morning showing the first place.
But all of them got their spots in there that they had for for our good close personal friends. Joe and Depot and Guilty.
At least two out of the three. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello.
Are you still miserable? Okay. We have to get him in there at least once today. The whisperer before we get out of here.
Because assholes like you call me every single day. That's probably why you ever think about that? No. Start thinking about it.
Here's Boke. Hello. Hello. Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good. How about Elvis Presley? He's my favorite. Yeah. Elvis. He made all those terrible movies. Okay. Well, the guys that took a real man to admit that. Didn't it?
It took a man's man to admit that that Elvis, the king, is his favorite. He made some of the worst movies in the history of mankind.
Even the king would agree with that. He could today. 7 minutes past noon, but at hurricane, the big blow was going in the outer banks of North Carolina.
Yeah. We're spending time here. It's raining real hard. Wow. They're getting all wet. Aren't you a main revolutionary? Hey, guys, if you're like at a big ball spot there, if you got a creative umbrella, close because you want to get those spattering on your shiny ball spot.
Charles Alfieries, the guy who can help you out. He can get your hair back. And I'm talking about a real great looking head air. Not a dead weasel or musk red on your head. Nobody wants to walk around having everybody laughing at him all the time.
Because they have a mouse you looking peace. Charlie's got the latest technology going that natural hair line system. And like I tell you no matter how much you spend, you can't get a better looking head air, which is why even the millionaires go to Charles Alfieries, been doing it for over 25 years.
And you have nothing to lose, but that big shiny, shiny ball spot because everybody gets Charlie's 30 day guarantee where the piece for 30 days. If you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells, if you're not getting fattled and squeezed and grabbed all the time, Charlie, give you a full refund.
Call today, take advantage of your $200 nea Roger discount just for having the balls to mention my name. And Charlie also services and repairs all types of hair systems while you wait for only 25 to 30 bucks.
So call them toll free and get rid of that ball spot and change your life look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again. 1 800 3 to 124 13 1 800 3 to 124 13.
Log on that worldwide famous website Charles Alfieries dot com.
My name is Michael. This is 420560.
You can have us. Our home and need a friend.
Oh,
the tree.
Oh,
Oh,
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
the
no he's gonna be a robber child beyond their work on a fact through with now
faxing every day of sess says robber child he was awesome is captain quint in
jaws and in the movie the deep as well
robber child
whereas bob last year would say old pasha
did he say that
which is probably wise not on the urinal
that's one of the many reasons
plus the fact it was terminal and the press
right
he kissed not probably didn't kiss enough
so there you go robber child
how's that thing come a john wane looks like he's home free
he's home free he's uh... cool out
back in the installs again with his favorite house old mary and wane
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eight in t lines at
a bottom line is
well it is twenty three thousand four hundred thirty is a right now for our
best of the campaign
for a band of pariskeew that's pretty a week
well i look at it
let's still
and i said we better have twenty five grand by the end of this week from
it would be really worked off which means we got fifteen hundred and seventy
to go all we can do that
well i i think we probably do the seventy would you mark this afternoon right
we got a hardly i think tomorrow three to five with me
right
well we still got a uh... uh... tough road a whole customer was friday last time
i checked
we know
you'll have all the best in the emerging by some including the more how we
david at the
singular wireless four to six this afternoon
one sixty eight thirty two north candle drive we want your money for a band of
pariske with the great cause if you want to read about them go on our website
and we all read all about it
again back to these numbers again
which we always do because we're number intensive or obsessed with this
because this is what we have to live with folks
this is what makes your breaks
we're number one i'm looking at this in men okay that's our target demo
we're number one in men in the midday by
good margin
went up
went up a little bit in the afternoon number one and then right now it's going
that dog and hopper ice-kong guys
but in the morning
we still have a little work to do for others working frantically but keep in mind
he's only half the load
right there
it's a court yet only half a load
he's carrying a heavy heavy old load
which is a problem
because when you go from a three nine to a four three in one month
and you're up to eight point six points in here and he's probably got about eight of
many other ones got a point six
man he can have to have a tractor
bird's merida through died nineteen ninety seven that's a good one i like
bird's merida the penguin
it's an issue rocky of course
everybody remembers bird's merida from rocky even though i hated that movie
like poison
in harm's way
grumpy old men
the band man tv series of course the penguin
thank you dog
bird's merida to get him on a immediately not sooner
anyway getting back so like we need a little while we need to continue creeping
and climbing up in the morning that's the deal okay that continues to be
now what about nighttime how did the marlin's do did you look at seven
of midnight and energy like to ignore it well no i'd like to add it
you've been said i don't think i even have it here i have it you don't have it
four o-two seven and a man
yes
night type for night
four o-two four two
that's the marlin factor again right
oh by the way democrat pulls us as bush in over his head
nearly half of americans say president bushes in over his head according to a new
survey by democrat democracy core the pulling and strategy firm
founded by the ball james carville and two other key democratic strategist
mr carville bob strumman stanley greenberg told reporters yesterday not only
is the post nine eleven boost for mr bush over
but the president is arguably in the worst position now then in the summer
two thousand one he's convincing people that he's uncertain about what to do
mr shrom said mr shrom discussing the shrub
he is at one of the same time blustering and threatening and shooting off his
mouth but on the other hand doesn't have any idea what to do how do you like that
he's in over his head
now president they well said i think
over here we got the big ballgame coming up twelve thirty
are we upset about that no we're pretty pleased about that that's the reward we
get for habito's big right here's a lady in daniel hello
hello yes ma'am this is Valerie from daniel bitch how are you pretty good
Valerie how you doing wonderful thank you i'd like to nominate your
Brenner well that's good
i'd like to say a quick hello to my husband who's working hard on a deck
i love it though okay thanks a lot it's a lot better thank you goodbye he's
working hard on a what oh deck deck i think that's what you say
your Brenner another ball guy a lot of ball guys okay your favorite balled actor
your favorite fat actor actress just make a mental note of these okay just
disturb away for a rainy day like in a few weeks five six seven oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT see you'll Brenner was good but the king and i
is the only thing i can recall him from do you remember anything else he was in
west world the what west world he played a role in robot with richer
Benjamin mm-hmm i think you just hang out a west line too used to do more
i think he's he's and he was also in some like the last warrior something like
at some doomsday movie he was a knife stabbing guy i'll be done a backstabber he
should have been the radio business that's what more would say absolutely by
the way you're an asshole not you more well that's beside a point but the
beast that that's sucking up to the gack he's a great play by playing you know
that was so that may have been the most outrageous ridiculous suck i've
ever heard or had been involved in my life
you know everybody likes a little suck but nobody likes a suck whole
beast and what did they hate him here's plantation hello
hello plantation hello yes sir Neil yes i am how you doing good um how about
see McQueen he's already on there in fact he's probably got some votes he does
yep he's got uh he's got eleven votes okay that was my
my vote okay thanks and i was one of the early ones somebody called in sweet probably
didn't hear it it's probably like all the emotional after hearing about those
numbers i don't like and i know there's a segment of the audience
if i you know who cares about those really well that's that's like i said that's it
this is the definitive place where all the people in the business going of course i
really give a short trip i didn't meet anybody else's numbers too much except
how it's sperm but do we really care about anybody else's number except our good
colleagues and friends on a radio station not really no not all that much like
men in the morning i would be one from a four six down to a four three
that's one i left out the Schmidt-meister from a five five to a five
oh i'm dropping from second to third you turn see all of that right wing crab the
irracid tax that that's starting to like fade into oblivion now here's north mianney hello
uh yeah heard good afternoon how you doing all right um i don't think anybody has mentioned
uh him so far but he died very recently to kill a mockingbird Gregory Peck oh my god how could
we that's sacrilegious thank god you got him before we ended this thing hey i and uh and i
i would i'd love to see if uh if the whisper and people do or would jump off the same bridge together
i'd pay to watch that hey man thanks pal thank you sir Gregory Peck g just dies sure while ago
same wasn't it the same day or just with the within the of uh Kate Hepburn
they're about Gregory Peck and it took almost till the end of this uh experiment here the
sexist size for somebody to finally have the decency to call him one of the great great great
actors in the history of mankind yes he was Gregory Peck to kill a mockingbird
more is that other one the other big one the exorcist oh actually he was an omen of the omen
they don't think the omen they say me you know double double movie yeah devil devil
john wains got 40 jimmy stewards got 20 so he's double his nearest competitor the duke you
can't touch the duke baby and who now would want to um hungry bogart 18 jack lemon 17 jord c scott
15 Kate Hepburn 14 you notice the trend here the macho people are way up there including Kate Hepburn
god wish he butch you know it's Bruce Lee 13 Jackie leason 12 merlin on roe 11 i'll do the double
did you once see the queen 11 period grand 10 john candy 10 p to sell his 10 you notice
no Kate Hepburn's on air but you know who is not on there which pleases me oh and i'm not going to
put i we don't have to put him on there Spencer Tracy oh the Spencer Tracy yeah who like i tell you
you're very overrated always was playing Spencer Tracy right guess who's coming to dinner oh it
looks like Spencer Tracy guess who's playing dr jack lamester hide looks like it was always the same person
maybe i'm wrong call me crazy but i'm just another Spencer Tracy fan 23 past noon at 5 60 w qm
the pressure of the ratings is over now we came through that with flying colors now
that the marlin's got to come through and knock off the fillies today which would be a real
gigantic humongous step in the london at wildcard it's like dizzy wall over again like 97 revisited
right now announcing a big 2003 new larger blowout sale it's going on right now at hell at
pontiac GMC get yourself the lowest prices in town for my good friends Tom Limon and Joe
Prieto all the other guy I'm over there Neil deal number one save up to seven grand with the
highest rebates of the year plus deep deep discounts way down your pants Neil deal number two get
0% financing for up to five years and listen to this at hell at you can lease a 2003 pontiac
grand pre GT2 for the paul tree sum of just 279 bucks a month for 36 months with 12,000 miles
year and you have only two thousand dollars out of pocket that's correct only 279 bucks a month
how it's also got great deals on eucons and an alleys too and as always how it's got a great
selection of defend dependable defendable pre-owned car structures SUVs and if you're one of those
many many people out there who's a little bit nervous when you go into shop for a vehicle because
maybe there's a bledish or two or three or moh on your credit record don't worry it's never a
problem in hell because they want to cut you deal it's the big 2003 Neil Rogers blowout
Salon's going on right now at hell at potty act GMC 13401 St. Fixie highway that's you
us want to cross in the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more information on
any of these deals just call the Neil deal hotline it's a toll free call one triple eight five three
four forty two eleven that's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget
all Neil deal something to credit approval share friends at hell at four details that's at hell at
potty act GMC who be professional grace
five and a local
six is five
six
three is all yours
you
and
and
number one
and
you
now
arning
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
The long-to-use plans to pass include
The ones that pump you up like a blue, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Now tell me, y'all are more than I hear you curse
You won't be a Mr. Universe
See them get to forget their training
The lunch boxes are now be waited till this
That a phone call will be star
Meet them with a heavy bar
I hope you're ready for our government
Swats they're around here
Okay, we've got the bar room to the village
Tell them, don't forget congratulations to all of us
Except you know who's absolutely
For a great little trim, kick him in
Nice go, George
This going Neil, thank you, you're welcome
Kisso, Moudienaki
Oh, we're fine
