Let's get Neil on here Neil
Delusional's got some ugly pants on today. We can't have that in this radio station
He's an embarrassment. Well, he's got those checkered pants that most always screaming about
Mad news is a comeback to town and the most skipped out on me before I got in here this morning god damn you
You silly old cool about your upset. Yeah, I'm bastard. He had a hat on there. He's a old Jew
He had a hat on today. It's an undiscused disgusting old piece of turd. Yeah
Muscrat man. Yeah, Muscrat rambles when I'm and then I hear the end of a show
I heard one and I heard Paul the an oe lin fan who I guess is pissed off at us because we won't look at his
Facts is anymore or read him on a year. I'm listening
You're out your ass mo and then at the end of a show it kind of while only 93 days to pictures and catches well
Which one of those are you mo? Huh?
You mo? He's a big Howard you mo. He's a big man. He's a mo. Yeah, you go into the
He's a mo foe was what I've been here in this building an hour and a half
I'm so pissed off I'm ready to kill somebody come on back screw in
I say you hug in her yeah hug this hey, so what would I wouldn't touch here with your armpit?
Are you going to the hot country with my nice?
I'm gonna the hockey game my buddy Mike Langston hide you yeah, hi my that's my good buddy Mike Lang
He's a good guy. He's a great announcer. Yes, he is. I wonder why didn't you do the best hockey announces in the world or Joe Bowen Rick
Generate Mike Lang not necessarily in that order. What about me? Oh?
You're an idiot. Thank you. No, you're crazy. No, you're a crazy person
I mean for some of it doesn't know the game like you and just wants to be
We're getting it up the ass. You know like that. That's good. That's fine
You're just gonna steal again with my old I don't know the game routine. Yeah, I don't know anything about
I mean Frank my hobbillage from Frank
They said I worked with Frank my hobbillage. Yeah, yeah, so about dear
Hitler wrong and a Daryl
I know Daryl Siddler's all career my god. You got to come up with something better than that old man
You're an expert like I said when you start doing a game instead of that silly old jugs McDonald's right
They go these I in that job
Don't talk about hockey. I'm telling you the thing with Keynes at his ass here
It's a stupid stupid move. I don't talk don't talk about it because nobody in this town cares about it
That's true. They care about football to which I would only say oh right. Yeah, well nice job
Talk about picking up the ass, baby. I got back here Saturday just in time to see a doubled-beard piece of crap
Saturday in fact it was triple-bill because the path is couldn't scourge on St. Louis
Did you watch any of that game? I watched that whole game and I watched I went to the games game
I told your close friend Rimmer yesterday
I watched a lot of games in my time. Okay. In fact, I've played in some not the kind you're thinking Rimmer says he's taking you in me to the
Oaks, he can blow it out his ass and yeah, and he can take me to her with him
Okay, hold on to your ass and take your limo guy with a two-rimmer
I'm gonna rip him and ask the limo guy. I got a email
The limo guy didn't even know where he was going today to penis a limo guy didn't even show up
Way to go. This one a room. No, I'm a stay-per-minute
So on the telecast Sunday from St. Louis Scott Melonby who was a good guy
He did the thing with a rat. He was the captain
Ten minutes of the second period. Bapapapapa and so boring and he and Denise are Bapapa and in the meantime all these great plays and your goals and great saves
And Rimmer is silent because they got Melonby whoever is producing that you're on Fox
You ought to be strung up with Hermann Gearing. Okay. You asshole. Yeah. What a piece of crap. Yeah
Did you see it? I saw the whole game every inch love
What kind of crap is that there were a lot of great plays going on there and Rimmer can't describe it because they got Melonby into these
Potvan which is like the blind leading the blind
Talk about coma inducing was worse than it was worse than the most shows. I got a better story now
I went into the line blow it out your ass to one everybody in the world is sick and tearing those same chronics
Mark the Jets fan and won and Paul Apollo a Patriots fan. I went to the new powers on that show already
Jesus God is it boring? I'm Friday night. I went to the game and I wore my penguin sweater in the Panther locker room
It should keep us in five minutes before he got in half and already my ears plugged up. It's this room
Yeah, this is a sick building. It's delusional. He's fixing the room
I look at it as I go for two months my left ear gets plugged up
I can't hear it. I do so wears orange flowers on his pants. Yeah, well you ought to see what he's got inside of him very little
Pansy very little a daffodil. He's got a real teeny little daddy's a candy lion. He's a garden. Yeah. Yeah
Anyway, it's great to have you back in town. He'll got love you. Everyone else dies. It's your tulips. Those were you told me
Yeah, I don't want anything to do with it. My ear is getting plugged up
I picked it up for the hockey game. It's a piece of crap plus technically
I want to say right now as bad as our sales department is and they suck you know that I know that our engineering department could be the worst in the history
But even Marconi would be embarrassed. I know nothing in this room works. I know everything in here is a piece of crap
You should have seen him last week turned down all the pictures of women they put up your other pictures
When you come into town. Yeah George has to head or sexualize the studio when I'm not yeah
By my George you're an idiot. Okay, who come in a sweet girl?
You're a good kid and he's a good boy. He took all my you are all the
dresses off the damn link on here and my on the
It's just but the house the pharmacist when I need him
Is he here yet? Ask rush. He'll tell you. Yeah, I will ask rush. Hey, where's that pill boy?
God save the five sky. Have a nice day. Bye. I
Blow
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team
They flub the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen. Oh there on the ground
That's where they'll stay. They're never in control and when you say Miami
You're talking toilet holders there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in a week? 32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Don't bet on them. You'll always lose
Huh
They don't know how to tackle they don't know how to block no their coaches ought to tell them to but then they and their jocks
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat when we go to the stadium
We'll see Miami and they're the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in a week? 32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands
They watched the game and all they do is moan and gripe and bitch. I wonder how joe robby got to be so goddamn rich and they're the
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
God, he's dope
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
boo
The dolphins have faith feedler that quarter backs at you
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
I'll never win a super bowl. You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was circumcising there
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number how many teams in the league?
32 Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
She calls his signals in Hebrew
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke like George Bush eating pretzels
You know they're gonna choke
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race
With fewer points than parkmarks on high zingers that we face in there the Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins number oh what the hell 32
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins
Miami dolphins now their fruit
Hey
Stensha of cow manure
Hover's over this performance by the dolphins
Absolutely correct 1009 at 560 WK. That's enough. Nine minutes was good enough
I'm getting back on a plane getting out of here. This this is I've been here an hour and 40 minutes
My ears plugged up again from this six studio
Well, we've been you're smirking they've we've been talking about this since for four or five years now ever since they built this thing
It's in the vents. It's in the air. There's like it's a sick building
Legionnaires disease Legionnaires freaking diseases. What it is. I was like a good lawsuit to me
God
Not to mention in fact nothing works in here. Hey, of course. Oh, I hope you break both legs. Okay you jackass
Man, he's an engineer like my little late dog rest in peace was a goddamn rocket scientist engineer my ass, okay
Boy this place needs an enema needs a blueberry. Oh, and by the way you got some more good news for you
My mother calls me yesterday afternoon now. So I have some news
My rich aunt say I wanted here's a little piece of good news for a scut in no matter how much money you have
You can never buy a good ball moment
You know what I'm saying you can have a billion dollars and it still don't guarantee you a good
bm
So my rich aunt told my mother yesterday who felt compelled to call me
You know my your aunt has wild diarrhea and she gets it every time she drinks diet soda
So for his anybody out in the audience concerned whether my aunt has wild diarrhea my mother confirms it okay. Yeah
That's a true story because my mother's whole life 90 years of constipation by millie
Millie the Schmidt lady. I heard mo this morning say a
Bolshevik
Did you hear that he did he said Bolshevik one million times for Neil Rogers. He's in the hearth out. He didn't say that and he said Bolshevik
Guaranteed you know they got the what yeah look
You said you're still an asshole mo I'll see you one day this week. I'll be I'll be camped outside the studio in my old tired pants
And I hate to break the news to you mobile my paychecks are ready in a bank got paid really this time
I go on clearance. No nice going like I said
No
1221 votes they hated the pool on Friday very weak response. It was it was bad
It was a stupid pull question, but I don't care
121 votes about whether the one tapered DVD we'll get to that
I'll get a few calls in today. There's a not much going on here. I know the same old crap
I hope my limo drivers listen right now my former limo driver. I got your email Ken. Oh, I shouldn't have said that
I got your email Ken
Which I'm gonna read on the ear and I got news for if that was a guy driving limo on Saturday
It was the strangest looking guy I've ever seen. I know I have a little bit of difficulty in those areas
But it was a strange looking guy who said
Where we going?
You're kidding me. No, I'm not kidding you when you hear this story you will agree to you
There'll be stains on that chair. I'm waiting with good thing you wore those orange pants today
12 minutes after 10 at 560 WQ and happy Monday 2 tomorrow's a holiday
I think we're all gonna take off and when I hear that Greg weed in the power 96 sales they're all going to Italy tomorrow
I hope that Sylvia or Berlusconi is listening okay
Yeah, he's got some collect connections in Palermo there to take care of that crew
Man they're going to Italy tomorrow always on a busman's holiday
Which is good though because that means if I can avoid seeing him today won't see him the rest of the week all right
See some I might stick around
Let me tell you right now and a Troy Stratford you weren't supposed to come in here because even fatboy gave us a $50 check for a band-in-pat rescue
Little bald headed Troy Stratford
You know you like the way that they want that said we're gonna run Ricky right down their throats
Yeah, they step something down your throat all right and it wasn't Ricky
Okay
The first part of it rhymes with Rick
Anyway barbecues in the summertime forget about it no more that no more vacations kids are back in school
And you probably have bulked up over the summer with all them barbecues
Your fat is a pig to make along story short balance for life might be the answer
In fact, I got a story here today about atkins and all these others and they put people do you see that?
What's that for a year on four different
Popular diets and the end of the year and they didn't do squad
So if you're trying to try to do with the heart and the reason that people don't do it on the zones
Because who can figure it out a balance for life is based on the zone diet
But they do the figure in four you they figure out all the carbs you don't have to count anything
There's no cooking no shopping no cleaning no worries no calorie counting no carb counting just great results
You start seeing results on that scale within just a matter of days
Beast was doing great, but he's a fat pig who can't help himself balance for life is the only company in the world
That's it choose between two choices for each meal and snack every day that you're in a program
You just reach outside that door by six in the morning whenever you get up
And there's your little black sack all the food to keep you happy and full all day long
Not crack not prefabricated chemical stuff, but delicious great stuff three gourmet meals two delicious snacks
And like I said, it'll keep you full and happy all day along and wait will melt off your body
So if you're tired and frustrated carrying around that extra weight if you're out of shape lethargic
If you're diabetic run a verge of a ticket for me, it's no fun
So that balance for life finally help you lose that weight column today
954
56832
29 that's 954
56832
29 or visit them on their wicked worldwide web at balance for life.com
You
I
I don't have a clue
K Davis is done
Now we will vote as being care
That I pitched all their buns
The people of California
They like me a lot
Cuz just like their life had a few orgies and small lots of fun
I
And the governor is true
So bad that I do not have a clue
Everybody see what I
I am the calm
Everybody I
The you like me in the movies that's why I
The
Boy
Is right
Nice to see a duck by the way you look pretty skinny pretty slim
Duff was in little late this morning. They were excavating his rectum
Check from Troy and one from fat boy
And they were also excavating Moe's head for the reasons hey Troy the reason Jay Fieler can't play with it often
Is he in the remember those twins the Egyptian twins can join it the head join it the head
Well Moe is got his head of jays back
And if for weeks they've been trying to get it out and they can't do it
So even though you saw Fieler on the sidelines during the game yesterday you didn't see behind him
Moe was crouch down behind him because he's got his head stuck up jays ass
Brian
Greasy hey Brian you suck baby you're bad. I told you he keeps falling down and every time he gets touched
He drops it in the ball, too. You know what's that? Yeah every time he hears somebody coming
Squirt squirt he gets all panicky and drops it right on the floor and the ball, too
Right on the ground hey Brian you're bad baby. You're awful. You're no daddy
And it was daddy up in a press box. He's got the binoculars now. Oh gee not again Brian another full ball
Another dissension. You know, yeah, I was so excited watching that game yesterday
I was squeezing myself literally I thought this has got to be like dying and going to heaven
This is almost as good as the Jacksonville playoff game 62 to 7
Because really if Tennessee would have wanted to they could have scored a hundred points
I'm serious if they really wanted to
Because what you had yesterday was two teams won it played and the other one that obviously didn't give a Schmidt as Moe would say didn't give a Schmidt
He did say Bolshevik this morning
Can you find it? Yeah, he said Bolshevik right there on the year so you know he's listening right hey Moe
You're still an asshole. I'm glad I didn't see you this morning. You make me sick
Okay, let's give the poor result then we'll get into Ken's email. I'm I spent the whole show on that
I'm with me. I mean that that just sour hey by the way Troy. I'll be here at 830
Don't be bringing people in here 815 now. I could have at six o'clock in the morning for you. You bald skin hedge for our two you
Crazy pretty he is he's a nut. He's a nice guy, but he's nuts
Yeah, if you'd like to meet with a client a 15 now
I'll probably be here by them, but don't count on 830 would be plenty early enough
I would play about 30, but it's not in the thing here
See another reason that I need to be back in Toronto
Because I got to do it in here. It's not on the 360 what it's not on there
And don't go dick it around and putting it on here because then George will come up
You know getting in trouble with him
By the way, Rimmer all your contacts met except for Dr. Hampton all suck and I'm not going to Ruth Chris
Okay, Rimmer you're a good guy, but you're all your contacts up too bad about my kingdom
But we're not talking about that nobody cares about hockey down here. They have no idea who that is
And Scott didn't pick up his tickets to go the penguin game on Friday
So all I heard all week long. Oh gee, where's my ticket? So John leaves you the tickets
He calls me to your message did he show up? No, he picked up the tickets. Did you go to the game?
Oh, he did go to the well good with somebody else's with some crappy seats
I hope or maybe you're setting the press box
Or in the QAM suite
Is that what you call it? I don't know in an open end. They have one. Why would I go up there?
They've they've oh yeah come out up and see the game in the sweet. Why would I want to do that when I have those great seats
Are my seats primo? Are they best? I'm going to that game tomorrow night man Tampa Bay
I'm gonna see a real hockey team the lightning man. They're good. They are something
You see that game any of the game against the penguins the other night nine nothing
He's talking hockey again Greg. He's gonna kill the audience
If I've told you once I told you a bunch of times
Don't talk hockey and stuff. Well, all well quite frankly. I think it'd probably be a better idea than our sports. It was talking football
Yeah, after the hercones and the dolphins man you talk about a
Quinella perfecta do weeks in a row. I've been very hard week cursed down here
We really are aren't we cursed down here Jim? Oh, right? Yeah
1200 and some odd votes on the pool. Oh, I should have probably printed out again
If you only had one taper DB movie that you could watch over and over again. What would it be? Godfather
277 wind hands down your pants the old godfather. I don't think those droppings are in here. Are they?
Well, they are in here. That's that's a beautiful thing. It's a good
Take it only
Candy shack came in second 157 airplane 113 maybe the funniest movie of all time sure funnier than candy shack
But see on a sports and third station you're gonna get the candy shack crowd
I mean, it was a good movie. It's funny, but not as funny as airplane
Airplane was what
You thought candy shack was funnier than airplane. Oh, no, no
Don't suck around. Okay, you're not gonna get any extra hockey tickets for second around doesn't work
You're not my type you're not anybody's type
Monty Python and holy grail 99 or 102 now you better read off of there. How do I want to read off of there?
Godfather 268 young Frankenstein had 60 while things 57 history of the world power 155 the only reason I'm reading the whole list is
Because I want to get to one of them the big Lewinsky 44
Grease 39 Pink Floyd the wall 35 clock over in 35 Dr. Strangel of 33
The one that I voted for obviously. I wonder what the hell's that's under the one I voted for where the hell is it?
Network head 27 endless summer. That's what I'm trying to get to had 19 votes
Endless summer the surfing movie does that tell you lots of not iconic honies and cheese out there in this audience
Lots of
Rones endless are it's a surfing movie with a bunch of young hot-looking
Surfers, you know teenage mostly underage by the way. We're gonna trace those votes
They're all like 16 17-year-old kids almost naked
Glen gerry Glen Ross 14 the great outdoors eight recommend for dream seven
See I wouldn't want to watch that over and over if that was it. I kill myself
It's almost as bad as being in this place as much as I love the movie
It's not one that you just want to constantly see over and over again. It's so depressing
Right you saw it didn't you many times? Oh my god
Maybe for the shock value. That's it. And you know what it's not in there. Oh George you are such a polycrack man
Straw dog six and until the end of the world one now seriously. He's just you know. He's marginal
He's okay. I feel sorry for him. That's why he's still here
Because his wife tricked him into having that second kid. No, that's the only reason he still got the job
I went to bad form when they wanted to fire his ass while Moe tried to get him can
And there were only two reasons I went to bad for George number one because
The fact his wife tricked him into that other kid and number two just despite Moe
I wasn't gonna let most are coming in here and dicking with his show
That's a reason he can't he tried that you know they got the what uh, yeah look
Yeah, blow out your ass Moe you silly old coot
And by the way, how about them plates in your skirt? How what's that all about?
He was complaining about the fact that I don't have what do they call him in the pants uh creases in your pan? What do they call those
creases creases when he's got plates in his skirt
See, but when you have the bag it's a lot easier to wear like a that little cheerleader skirt when you have a bag and reach under
They're real quick
Yeah, it makes for easy access
Anyway, I'll better do the break because once I get into this thing about the limo
I mean, it's the audience will even believe it. They won't even believe it. I know. I can't wait. Oh you
You haven't even heard the tip of the iceberg yet
For my good friend Ken who seems to have a you know how there are some people who seem to have to be born under a dark
Cloud and there always seem to be some reason why everything they try to do everything they touch turns to pre or shmit, you know
And that's Ken, you know good intentions. I think
But every time he's gonna pick one of us up is oh gee. I thought you were gonna be downstairs in your upstairs and uh
You were I thought you were gonna be out of the closet. You're in the closet at whatever, you know
Can you got real problems, baby? You got real serious problems. I think probably rumor has something to do with it
20s and I still don't have my leafs tv rumor. Okay
26 past 10 at 5 16 WDQ way him when it comes to having your carpets clean
And as a matter of fact, I do want to say one nice thing about being here
I got a chance to see now that my dogs are both dead
I mean, that's not good, but at least my carpets are beautiful
Because about a month ago dry concepts came and man my carpets look like I just had brand new laid on the floor
No more little tiny no more momentos from tiny
They were like kind of like stuck in the carpeting in or around the house. Yeah, you know how that is a little soft serve here in there
Dry concepts has been doing it right in this town for well over 20 years
In fact, they've been doing my house for over 20 years
There's the number one carpet cleaning company in the world
And with a holiday season coming up around the corner
There's never a better time than right now to have those carpets clean taking out all the shwoots
The oil and the germs that settle deep into your carpets over the summer months dry concepts
That's the standard of the best in the universe leaving your carpets sparkling clean vibrant colors off of the touch
They're drying just a couple of hours and they do the same great things for your oriental rugs your drapery as well
And here's the deal for you they got a special deal you can say 15% on your next carpets cleaning with that special offer
We've been telling you about if you want more details just call them tool free
There's nobody else in the world doesn't like dry concepts take it for me like I said over 20 years
They've been doing me right one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one and don't forget a guaranteed written price before
They start the job no repost no scams just a stupendous job every time one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one
Or check them on the worldwide web at dryconcepts.com
We're sports radio five six eight
UAM
Yes
Yeah
O.B. tampons he only tampon designed by women gynecologists only win and bleed O.B. tampons
Only win and bleed because only women bleed
Oh speaking of the day you also played that and that's because you told me that the audio was bleeding through on the speakers in there
Even when my microphone is closed another engineering problem here
Socks of Q.A.F.
You can't complain about the work or engineering department does because they don't do anything
They suck
How about a little outer kneel
You guys are pathetic. I thought once we got fixed it here. We might get some stuff fixed
But we didn't what we under do is get George Corso fixed
You got a rusty knife. I'd love to do that like the slices balls right off of he has any let's use a spoon
All right, sounds excellent to me. Here's today's poll question. I want to get back to the limo story real quick
But I'll give him something to do keep him off the streets. Oh, and you know something. I didn't realize. Are you aware before I get to that?
No, my mouse is all screwed up here too. Even my mouse is tight
Man, this place blows
Where's the where's our website?
Now did you go on the WMD countdown thing?
The
The weapons of mass destruction Scotch that I spell it out for you to want to go. Oh, yeah on our site now
But did you notice that there's audio with it? Yes, I didn't know that Eric's been hard at work
All distorted on here of course
Don't that sound good?
You're engineering involved in that connection there. Okay, so not only do his lips move
But he's also doing this whole thing and account down just goes on the weapons of mass destruction while more American kids are dying every day
But anyway the Miriam elephant thing which are just you know, it's never gonna end until they finally end today could be the day that gypses by by
Why should he care about the blackstack and a vote for his successor anyway if it's a Republican a vote for a W
So what differences to make?
Get rid of her ass, okay, but here's the big story ministers urge support for Miriam elephant several black churches act for cause of
Elections chief. She's incompetent. We don't care if she's black if she's purple if she put a new chink in a hole deal. We don't care
She is in F. She is incompetent non-copus penis honey. You can't cut the mustard. You're an idiot
And when you consider all the embarrassment that we had and then we got those 80,000 ballots
I never got sent out and Broward and the people that got like multiple ballots if you could hear how distorted this thing sounds in here to me on these speakers
You you would just crap your pants each and every one of you listening to me right now
This studio is the biggest excuse and Greg and squint. Oh, we're number one in Pilling. We're going to Italy with the best
You guys are a joke any co any connection between broadcasting and Greg read and Beasley broadcasting is purely coincidental
I never heard such a sound in my life
God are you talking to somebody on there don't do a show it's he's talking to see doing a show with somebody on the phone
That nothing worse than doing a show don't argue put where you're calling from put them on hold and cut the crap
What was that?
Somebody for abandoned pet rescue wanted to send in a check. I like I said take all the time you want
Thank you. Okay. Here's the poll today. Which ethnic or racial group is the most protective slash paranoid about its own
You know what that means?
Which ethnic or right now we've done this before or similar, but that's okay the timing is good now
Because this very elephant thing really frosts my fat old ass
Which ethnic or racial group is most protective slash paranoid about its own blacks Jews Cubans or Muslims
I'm sure that we can put some of anything you want on there right to leave anybody out
I mean like we could say Chinese I don't know Chinese paranoid about the here's so many of them you know
Oh, I know how about Italians
Now there's some Italians who are very defensive about that whole mafia thing
Well, we're sick and tired of being portrayed as a bunch of mafia people even though Don Corleone was over for dinner last night
And Ed Manacolione and man can she make a sauce like you never had in your life
They'll put Italians on there just to pacify. Yeah, the other groups don't they won't win
So let me give you a little story. I arrive in Miami at the airport on Saturday right on time. I plan landed you could
The second hand you know sand the right on time
I
Got an arrangement with my limo driver who consistently seems to have a trouble making contact with us
I'm sure that he probably doesn't have it with all his other client, but at any rate
I'm supposed to as soon as I get to the you know as you come out of the gate in Miami International I come out of the
Jetway and you walk to the front and you walk through that area toward the front
And as soon as I get to the concourse there
I'm supposed to call him. I got a tool free number and he's gonna meet me right out front to avoid having to stand there and wait
And wait and wait to see if he's ever gonna show up which I've done that in the past with him too
And then he breathlessly come. Oh gee, you know, it's always some story
So I call him up. Oh gee
It's always OG not OJ OG
I got an emergency up north and I'm racing back up there
But I got a guy who's gonna pick you up in a black Lincoln town car the lights will be flashing
Go right outside there outside your gate gee concourse G and he'll be meet you right outside
Okay, Ken
I go outside. I'm standing there and of course there's a lot of traffic. You know, they're an airport
Surprise surprise there's people coming and going and slipping and luggage
Uh, do I see a black uh Lincoln town car with or without a slice flashing? No, I'm waiting and waiting
I wait 20 minutes which I think is a reasonable length of time before starting to get really pissed off
I go back in I call and I said hey, no, he ain't here yet. Oh gee. Give me that OG against it. There it is. Oh gee
You got to change the name of the limo service to OG limo is what it ought to be yeah
Give me another five minutes. So I go outside again
And I'm waiting and I'm waiting and I'm waiting another 15 minutes now 35 freaking minutes
35 minutes keep that number in mind, okay?
35 minutes got it
Not 30 but 30 man. No, but 35
Finally, I look way down not in front of like concourse G where it is supposed to be
But I see a black not with light flashing either but a black car of some kind. It's so far down there
And I see this woman get out of the car
Who looks like she just came off the banana boat she looked like a younger Cilia Cruz
With better hair
And she's holding up a sign. She's she's like in distress like I don't know what I did what am I doing?
And she's holding up a sign and of course from that distance even though my eye said into bad maybe a little cockeyed
But I can't read it so I can start walking at direction. She holds it up like praying that it might be me and sure enough Neil Rogers great
I'm giving her limo she gets in the car hello. How are you?
And she says will be going?
Will be going
Where are we going?
I said you mean to tell me that they didn't even tell me any directions where where I live where we're going
Uh, well they give me an address, but they know give me an address
Yes
That that is a I'm not paraphrasing that is an exact quote they give me an address, but they know give me an address what
How do you like that?
If this woman had been off the banana boat longer than a half an hour I I'll be really shocked I'd be surprised
Were you holding the sign right side up at least? No, it was in Spanish
Senior Roy years
Senior now it was yeah somebody handed it to her
And the sign too
Now we get on the road with some difficulty because this woman she should have been driving and forget about a limo
She should have been driving a Kia
Like my little dog and he's been dead for a year, okay? I mean it just
insanity
She's squeezing the wheel so tight that I was surprised it wasn't blood coming out of her hands or the wheel
I mean one of the other squeezing it you know people that are terrified
She's squeezing it in the wheel too
And try to tell her how we get there. I should take the
95 up to the turnpike and we'll go up to 595 at a beep but a bo
Now it starts raining. Oh boy. And now you think she was scared before
So we're on the turnpike going about 52 miles an hour and it's not raining hard yet at this point that way
Did till I got home about 52 and of course the speed limit is what 65 on the turnpike last time I looked at that sign with the numbers on it
I think it's suggested 65 it actually moves quite quick
No, no, it's not a suggestion. This is not New Jersey. Okay. It's not a suggestion
That's the speed limit. I'm not saying oh no granted all the traffic is going biased to the right to the left underneath us over the top of us
She's going about 52
Scared Schmittless, okay
Now we finally get to where the hell I tell her to get off and
She comes up to sunrise boulevard and I said we're gonna make her right here
But once you get over, we're gonna make her quick left
So what she does is she pulls out and I see the light is green going east and west on sunrise
And I see there's some cars coming and I'm thinking to myself honey. You're gonna get us killed see Nureta
And she Dan you got us wiped out she pulled out right in front of the traffic
And she was like kind of like listing like at like a big ship. You know in a storm listing from one lane to the other
He wasn't quite sure
Then
We finally get to my house and I tell her it's this house right here in the car
And she points to the house across the street this one. I said no. I said right across and so she now she keeps going again
I said no, no stop stop
Right here stop a key a key bitch
seniorita
And then of course like 20 minutes later it started raining like the end of the world
It's humid at 87 degrees this place absolutely
Positively see anybody who thinks I exaggerate. Oh Neil is so negative. You know I'm blowing out your ass
This is a cesspool. This is the end of the universe make no mistake about it
Or maybe I just have bad luck here. Maybe just they're not meant for me
You know me maybe after all those other years maybe all these years
That's the limit, you know, and then you have to find someplace else to settle down
So I got a an email because because the uh the can the limo guy had called my house
While this was all going on. Oh, did you get home yet? No, not yet
Oh, haven't called me. We'll needless to say that I return to call no
Am I gonna use this guy again? No
Am I pissed off and fired up? Yes
I mean, you know, I had a very uneventful flight
Okay, in fact I slept half at a time which ended very rarely do
But I had to get up four and a more than the kids that flight
And so I like nodded off and it was very uneventful very smooth got here right on time
But even after a short flight like that
You're not in the mood to stand outside somewhere and then of course you don't want to go running back inside
Because you're afraid because I didn't have my cell phone
So you're afraid if you're going to go make a call it with your my luck
I go back inside is just when they're gonna pull up
So you're like, you know, your scut stomach is churning and your guts are your butterflies are
Hey Ken nice job sweetheart
Just like my keenan you're fired
No, why he's a big hockey guy he thinks you know something
10 that's because you know his rimmer who also thinks you know something 10.41 at 5.60
WQM
Hey, I know one thing. It won't be long now before all the relatives come down for the holidays or maybe your parents coming down for the entire winter
In either case if you need a new mattress do this smart thing more and more people here at the radio station
They're jumping on a bandwagon like I'm always doing calling Donald mattress to get a great night sleep
Miguel and George and Bokobrine even disgusting Jeff don't call me fat boy high
Because you can't beat him when you do business with Donald
mattress no phony promises no shell games no bait and switch does great unbeatable discount prices every day
And a brand names the world knows and trust and now including stirrings and foster hewitt and when you call one eight
What is it one 800 mattress you picked at the entire for delivery and you picked it to our windows seven days a week from 80m to 10p
I'm like noon to two 130 to 330 like that
I've been sleeping on a mattress in these people for years and believe you me my back is the only good part of my body
Honest sales prices fantastic service every day low prices same-day delivery and free setup and removal
So it's easy to see why Donald mattress is ranked the best in the world and customer satisfaction
Don't get sucked in don't be fooled by these so-called fakers in the mattress industry or furniture stores
They can match what you get from dollar mattress today tomorrow every day pick up the phone and call them tool free
You'll be glad you did one 800 mattress one 800 MATT RES or check them out online at mattress dot com
You know they got the what yeah look
Oh
Souставля000
but something sodramatic
think
i am pretty
yeah
seven
lunch time over
oh there better now
absolutely
ill
and let you
pataras
to go
put on
em
this
This is Grand Contro to Meja World, your total 2037D.
But you live outside of the living area.
And that's how come you gotta come and pick it up.
Yeah, let me show the back door.
Yeah, this is Meja World, the arm control.
I got off you, complain.
How the heck I suppose to be the one to answer?
Who, when you forget to give me a present school you've moved?
Huh, what's this?
Why you don't give me my surprise card?
Oh, that's correct.
To put on...
That's a meetra game.
Oh boy, this is gonna be real math fright.
You left out my post-fiber ice!
What are you thinking?
Stupid!
See, we didn't put the chainsaw in a pool so we don't have to worry about defending him.
Because we don't have any less than anyway.
How many we got?
About four or five, not 30.
10, 48, at five, 60, WQM.
So here's the email I get right before the show.
Just must be your coincidence, don't you think?
Yeah, about a quarter to ten.
Somebody wanted to make sure that I got it right here.
Just before I went on the air, so I wouldn't rip him too bad.
Didn't work, Ken.
Didn't work.
Wait till you hear this.
Don't interrupt him again.
Okay, don't start playing that game on him.
You do on George all the time.
Here's the...
I'm just just relaxed.
Okay, everybody here is so goddamn uptight.
Yeah, turn the speaker up so it can hear it, Schmidthead.
Schmidthead.
So here's Ken's email.
Neil, I'm really sorry for making you wait on Saturday.
I was waiting right outside the airport to get you.
When one of my drivers got stuck behind an accident,
it would have been seriously late for a customer in Boca.
So obviously the customer in Boca was a lot more important than I was.
The only adjustment I could make was to send a car from an office base
next to the airport to get you, as I had to bolt from I made a Boca.
And I made it in 35 minutes he brags.
Well, that's the length of time I stood there cooling my heels
right outside of God damn gate G waiting for some asshole to pick me up, Ken.
He was all the way to Boca by the time somebody finally picked me up so to speak.
The back entrance to the airport where I was waiting was blocked off by construction
and that Miami office is located back in that area.
The driver did have to take a detour to get into the airport.
That's why he took so long to get you.
He?
Needless to say Saturday was a bad day.
Now you're getting warmer Ken.
I don't really want anybody else to drive you,
but I feel I had to make an exception that day.
I feel bad that you had to wait.
Well that makes two of us, Ken.
I hope the driver was okay for you.
No.
Unfortunately I was unable to give him, him, him.
Any directions to your house.
Him.
Let me know if I can make it up to you.
No.
No. Go away, Ken.
Just go away.
Don't go away, man.
Just go away.
Go pick up rumor.
Pick up rumor and Denise and stuck them in the trunk together.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
So you can out you out the other one.
So you can drive the other one crazy first.
Bap, bap, bap, bap, bap.
Yeah.
Anyway, how's that pull coming?
64 votes.
Which ethnic or racial group is most protective slash paranoid about its own?
64 votes.
Black 34.
Jews 15.
Cubans 12.
Muslims 3.
And Italians.
Oh!
Don't have any yet.
Except for Joe Dodgola who has all been out of shape in the godfather Kima.
That's a long time ago.
That's many, many moons ago.
How many years that was?
About 30, man.
A go.
That's right.
72, 73, something like that.
But the Italians made a big stink about that.
But now we've worked on them.
And finally, so, okay, you're right.
We're all a bunch of gangsters.
We're a bunch of crooks.
We don't mind.
We don't care.
We're used to that.
We like the sopranos anyway.
Okay?
Ministers, earths, is it like freezing inheritors of my imagination?
The quiver, I can't handle it.
I'm not going to do the show in here.
I'm going to do it on the hall.
Now, there's something wrong in this room.
I'm already like, you know, gagging and puking.
And what is that on?
About 40?
68.
About 30, man.
You know, I don't want to be made to feel it.
Well, it's one thing to make you feel at home, but I feel like I'm in Toronto outside with no clothes on.
And I feel that already, okay?
68, my fat ass.
Yeah, freezing in here.
My left ear is already plugged up there.
This is, let's get the guy to blow out the vents while we're on here.
We'll just play music.
This is not acceptable.
And you wonder why the people in this building are walking around with strip throat and all sick and puking their guts out?
Probably saw a screw in.
Ministers, earths, support for Miriam Elephant says the story in the Sunsendle here.
I'm holding it in my hand right now in the story too.
Hey, Miriam, just like, can, go away.
Okay, go away.
You're inept in the carpet.
And just like, can, you're inept.
Maybe your intentions are good, but just like, can, you can't get it done.
You've always got, your life is just filled with crises.
And you can't get the ballots out on time.
And with that big 2004 election coming up, do we want to go through that again and floor it up?
No.
And be the laughing stock of the world and put Bush in there again.
Thanks to the fact that his brother is going to did it all and bring a Catherine Harris back.
You see she's going to run for the Senate now, that bitch.
Catherine Harris.
Now that Graham's not going to run again, when did they announce that?
What do you mean when did they announce it was on our website?
Well, we can, if you, if you, if you look at something besides your penis, you'd find out, okay?
Although I realize it takes a lot of concentration.
If you looked on our website, all his great bedtime stories I've been putting on here,
you'd read that Catherine Harris is considering a run.
She's got their runs like my rich aunt because she drinks too much dide soda.
By the way, McGollock, case you haven't heard that, don't drink too much dide soda because you'll get diarrhea like my rich aunt.
That was the ball report from my mother yesterday.
Gotta give me a BN report on everybody, everybody in the family.
How many ball movements they had this week?
About third man.
Were they firmed? Did they sink? Did they float?
Stuff like that.
I don't want to hear about your B.M.'s mom, okay?
I didn't come home to hear about Schmidt.
I got enough Schmidt in this place.
Ministers urge support.
Several black churches act for cross-evil actions chief.
Some black ministers took to their pulpits yesterday morning urging support
of a battle supervisor of elections, Miriam Elephant,
while others ignored the issue in one black preacher back to a fire election department employee.
Let the governor know we don't approve of what's been happening,
said the Reverend Eric Jones at the 1045 A.M. Service at Canonia,
a worship center in Carver, ranches.
He told Congress the bombard governor, bush with email Sunday regarding Elephant.
I'm not joking. I'm already getting like a raspy throat.
I've been sitting in this room for two hours and twenty-three minutes.
This is a sick building.
There is disease in this building.
And I'll be glad then if I'm going to come back here and get sick again.
Once the last time I was out with a cold or anything like a scratchy throat.
I wouldn't know.
A little longer ago before you even were here.
Ages ago.
But sitting in the course last time, I've had time before last in February.
I was here. What did I have? A stroke.
Uh-huh. Right. A stroke.
Really? Yeah.
A freaking stroke.
From being in this building? No.
Just from being fat and out of shape and sitting on my ass here all day.
And having all that food out there.
Oh.
Oh.
Like the 40 pound. See, this place needs some leadership.
That's what's wrong with this radio station.
I'm glad I came back this week just so I could take a look and remind myself.
This place has no leadership.
We got...it's like the sisters that are blind and the...
and their weak sisters is what's running this place.
You got muffin airs and ice-kype.
We got the balls of a fruit fly.
And then you got clearance who don't have any balls.
Maybe they should all drive limos.
Oh, I did get my paycheck early.
Thank you, clearance. You're the best on that. But everything else you suck.
That's what the B-Sat. He said you suck.
Here's our best and eel total.
It's getting close to that $40,000 mark.
There's Miguel looking at me who said with a straight face.
Oh, we'll make $9,000. No problem. We do it every year.
Uh-huh.
Yeah. What a comedian. What a clown.
What a clown.
Of course, you notice if we had the disc in the stores like we used to.
Like we used to have them in specs and peaches or whatever.
How might still be in business or borders?
That would be doing business every day.
Are we doing business every day? No.
Now.
38,680 for a band of pet rescue.
We're going to get to 40,000 by the end of the week or I'm leaving.
I'm getting out of here.
By the end of the week.
I'm telling it right now.
We don't make 40 grand by Saturday. I'm leaving.
If we do make 40 grand by Saturday, I'm leaving.
Alex says, hey, Neil, are we blessed here in Tennessee?
PS Dolphins offensive is offensive.
Keep up the good work and Moe is a major asshole.
Well, I'm so really correct.
I think you tested all the bases there.
Alex, take first base and then go around the bases,
rounding around and around.
Okay.
Keep running around in circles.
98 votes on there. Blacks have got 50, Miriam.
They're sick and tired of your crap.
The OJ crap and the Miriam elephant crap.
Every time a black person kills somebody.
Oh, he didn't do it. It's a white thing.
It's a white thing at bull crap.
Okay.
I'm never going to finish till two o'clock.
I'm telling it right now. Can't you hear the, the way I'm losing my voice?
It's getting raspy.
Do I have a cold?
No.
Do I have allergies?
No.
Do I have a allergic to this place?
You're smiling, but it's not like I'm making this up.
I'm not for ral, I'm not putting out a voice, which is his real voice.
Anyway, maybe that's why I got it.
But there's no way I'm doing a whole week worth it.
I'll do them from home on the phone.
I'll call you.
In fact, I can be home by 11.30.
Ken's out there with a limo waiting to pick me up right now.
As a matter of fact, I can be home by, I said 11.30 by 10 a.m. or p.m.
If we call Ken, I can be home by 11.30 tonight.
You could walk home faster.
Ken, you're a piece of crap man. You're an idiot.
You're very sad.
And he's probably thinking, oh, but I didn't charge him nothing but I always gave everybody a nice,
even as a banana boat lady, I gave her 60 buck tip.
No, seriously, she just got off the banana.
You're laughing. She just got off the banana boat.
He got her from an office at the airport.
Am I the airport?
Does that tell you now?
See, you don't have to be too swift to figure out who he's going to get.
Where are we going? Where are we going?
Or they give me an address, but they don't give me an address.
They pass a USA.
She's talking baby talk crap.
I'm thinking, are you some kind of moron?
She's like, see, see, see, see, you're...
She was squeezing out wheels so goddamn tight she could have, she could have just crushed it.
I thought I saw blood dripping out of it in the wheel too.
I'm almost positive.
I'd like to see blood dripping out of Ken.
Oh, what a sweet thought that is.
You are such a loser, Ken, but again, keep in mind.
I wonder if he knows matured.
Because they both know rumor.
Tent it is freezing in here, man.
It's freezing. I'm going to catch like pneumonia in this place.
I say lawsuit.
Law suit against the beesleaves.
This is an unfit.
And like I said, we got a bunch of whips out there who won't stand up for anybody.
Engineering, it's the same old thing every time.
But I'm doing a show in Toronto.
I'm in a comfort in my own apartment.
I can control the temperature.
It's very comfortable.
There's no allergies.
I'd hop out of bed in the morning.
I don't have to drive through all the asshole traffic.
I sit down in a studio.
I do a fine show.
Everything is great.
Everything is fine.
Nobody screws around with equipment because they're ain't nobody in there.
Nobody diddles with everything.
Not here.
This is the home of the dealer.
1057.
See, I can't even grip.
Good.
From this place.
Even my burps.
Even my burps are rasced me now.
Do you hear that?
Hey, if you're underpaid, no for work like Scott and McGill.
Maybe like a new hot pain career, but you don't have four years to wait to waste on college.
Here's the answer for you.
Call Todd Wreck.
He'll get you a new job.
If we'd like to get him one, okay, pick it up garbage with his teeth.
Call fast train today.
Tool free.
1-866.
Fast train.
They can have you train in certified for a high-paying computer network professional career.
Or a high-paying medical computer specialist in those four months.
That's correct.
You can be fully trained ready for a new career in his little four months.
Fast train offers day-evening weekend classes.
They offer a job placement assistance financially to those who qualify.
And can you really believe they're paying for these spots with a kind of crap-copy Todd Wreck gives us?
I can't believe they pay for this stuff.
What nice guys they must be.
And fast trains got six convenient locations including four right here in South Florida.
This year, they're even better because they're bound to be one nearby you.
So if you want to get out of your dead end, if you want to get a real job,
if you want to say goodbye to your asshole boss and your colleagues,
call fast train right now.
Toll-free 1-866.
Fast train.
Check them out first on the web if you like it more info.
Call fast train.com.
And they make that call it could change your life in a really positive way.
Call fast train.
Toll-free it's 1-866.
Fast train.
My, in local career sports radio 560s, UA-M.
The Makin'ah.
This is Joe Ball on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs.
And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God.
This is Tamar.
Don't use that kind of language around me.
Or vertical quality.
Er, you.
Yes, I have.
Stop it.
Tifty friends.
When they roll into town, they are a sight to see.
Those five-wheeled press came in in a big SUV.
Transling and gigging on my TV.
Those queer eye for the straight guys are more like five women to me.
Yes.
They care of your bedroom and throw out your clothes.
Wax your eyebrows, pluck the hair from your nose.
They're good at their jobs, but they sit to pee.
Cause those queer eye for the straight guys are more like five women to me.
Huh?
Oh, they get carried away.
With the things that they say.
They're so happy in the game.
I got a problem with that.
Oh, they can cut like a knife.
They won't change your whole life.
Or they'll even your wife.
By the time that they leave you, you're thinking their way.
It's no longer a big spread.
It's now a new way.
And you find yourself shopping for fresh poultry.
Those queer eye for the straight guys are more like five women to me.
It's okay.
Everyone wetts the bed now and then.
It's nice here to shave, but I don't know.
But if they're in town, please send Carson and his friends to me.
Love it all 4, 5, 60.
Too many whims, too many faggots here at QM.
Nobody with a firm wrist man.
Nobody to really get the iron.
That's what we need.
Iron Mike.
He's looking for a job now.
He'll come in here and kick some ass, right?
Let's get Mike Keenan here.
What do you say?
All right.
He'll run this place.
He'll see no more BS man.
No more...
Oh, T-greg, it's a fight.
It's a fight in the home, Greg.
No more that.
No more that limperist that approach the broadcasting.
Get some macho guy in here.
Like me.
Anyway, here's a Jorge, one of our former sponsors, who's looking for another free plug.
Hey, listen, I appreciate it.
He wants to come in and do an evaluation of our workspace, you know, the ear.
The only problem with that is, is this place going to pay for that?
No.
Are they going to allow it?
No.
No.
Because they know that even if he did it for free, you're going to find this place's...
They would condemn this place the first minute.
Again, and then they'd have to pay him off, too, just like they probably pay off the elevator inspectors.
You know they got a...
Because the certificate is on the thing they're in the elevators.
You know that they had to pay somebody on.
There's no way those elevators are going to pass any inspection.
Because they're always breaking down.
You never had a problem with the elevators?
One of them lands kind of hard.
Oh, really?
Well, that's about the only thing in this place that's kind of hard.
I'll tell you that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I'm not making it up.
I'm not trying to be like, oh, he's such a sour pussy.
No, it's just...
I come in here already in a sour mood because the limo story, but everything's fine.
Except the fact that Reigns and Cats and Dogs 24 hours a day,
and it's 100 degrees in the shade and humid as hell,
other than that, what's not to like?
Right?
What's not to like about this place?
Especially those dolphins.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, now we're talking.
And the Herkones.
Oh, right.
Two in a row.
This is an organization of sourpuses that if they lose one game and...
WAAAAAAA!
Well, if they lose one game and two years, WAAAAAA!
Now they lose two games in a row, side by each, back to back.
You can just imagine these suicide that's going on out there, huh?
Decrease the surplus population, mix them room for the rest of us.
Nothing but suicide.
And then, across the dolphins, five and four now, with a little girl quarterback,
it's got to tell you the extent of how desperate it is when you're praying,
if you're a dolphin fan, you're praying for J. Feeler to come back.
OY!
That tells you how bad Brian Greacy is.
Plus, Brian, you're still as ugly as daddy, man.
You are brutal.
Keeps dropping it and dropping it and just...
Here's somebody of 20 yards down the field, come...
OOP! There go the ball! There goes!
Like a wet watermelon seed like Rick Weaver would say.
130 votes on a pool, Black 62, which ethnic or racial group is the most protective-sized paranoid about its own.
Black 62, Jews 36, Cubans 23, 23 Cubans,
and Crable.
Muslim 7 and Italians 2.
I must let somebody off of there.
Here's our first call. I bet you'd say it's going to be great.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, it is. I told you.
Here's Coconut Creek. Hello.
Hello. Yes, sir.
Neil, you had a great show on about the Saudis and about Bush.
Yeah, I'm going to talk to old people, sir.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I want to talk to somebody under the age of 90 who isn't just one of the chronic.
Okay, that would be nice.
Otherwise, we just might not take any phone calls here today.
We'll play a lot of music so I can clear my lungs out, clear out my pipes.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's for Lauderdale. Hello.
Yeah, how you doing, Neil?
Okay, sir.
Are you going to be our first real caller today or not?
I was a limo driver for 16 years.
Yeah.
Okay. And I have the most sympathy for you because the market used to get in screen fights
with my boss all the time because these scheduled things were all
and it would wind up leaving people sitting there, all another company,
and not even bother giving them, facting them over a complete sheet,
where the person lives, how to get there, and everything else.
Yeah.
I mean, this happened countless times.
We lost many accounts because of stupidity.
I mean, I'm sure that if you were in the wait 35 minutes,
you would have had somebody, your friend, wait for them to get up or whatever.
You know something, I could have gotten in a cab.
There were 8 million cabs, even though it would have crossed me an arm and a leg.
I don't, I can have a few bucks second afford to cab.
I, you know, I could have gotten a cab within 10 seconds when I walked out there to the curb.
Right.
And let that be a message to all limo driver.
I drove limo for 16 years, so I can speak.
Let the all limo driver show respect and also limo owners.
And then he's got the chutzpah to send me an email to brag about the fact he made it all the way up to Bokin 35 minutes.
In other words, by the time I finally got my ass into the car,
he was already in Bokin taking care of somebody who was obviously much more important than I am.
That's right.
Exactly.
Well, school him.
Thanks a lot, Poundy, and have a great day and don't do it again.
There's a guy that probably screwed over a few people, he's not too happy about it.
At least he's honest and he apologizes for it.
You limo drivers out there. What else wrong with you people, man?
And then this Ken guy's always telling me,
oh, we'll see everybody's always complaining what we have to put up with.
Well, I can see why.
I can see why.
As in CYA, which is what you try to do with a damn email, cover your ass.
Forget about it.
Thanks for the memories, but no thanks, okay?
Tragic.
Here's a fact from Slanny, Slann and Sammy.
People over 35 should be dead, it's it.
What's the end of me?
Okay.
That's I feel like it already.
I'm checking out too.
Like all the good cause we've had so far, it's going to be great.
I don't care. I'm ready for a lot of good cause.
I don't care what they are.
Makes no difference.
If you're being ludic on a planet cause, it's fine with me.
I really mean that.
I don't care.
I've been talking to blind Mike.
My, my, my.
I want to hear some jingles, Mike.
Come on.
Let's go.
Let's hear a few jingles.
Because that's the least of my problems.
I still get paid.
My paycheck showed up early on the 7th.
Today is the 10th.
It's payday.
They sent it on the 7th.
So it'd be there when I got home just to impress me.
Oh, look at that.
And you were even paying you early.
Don't you like us a lot?
No.
Don't you love the beesleaves?
No.
Don't you love working for these people?
No.
Only the money.
And that's only cause it's in a contract.
Believe me.
They cry.
Every time that they send that check out, they cry.
Tears rolled on their eyes.
I'm not serious.
And of course Scott, when he gets his check, he cries.
For a different reason.
Right.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Yo, me.
That sounds like you.
Yes, sir.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Hey, Pa so.
Hey, uh, that shows skin that I can't.
Canceled, yeah.
I think the, uh, naughty looking black dude and jail.
Isn't that clearance Thomas III from the Moscow?
Yes, it is.
And he's a hundred years old.
Can you believe that?
He is.
I thought that was in court.
How come they cancel that, Joe?
What's wrong with the public out there?
I don't know.
I thought it was okay.
I thought it was a pretty good flesh in that, Joe.
Yeah, but that definitely had.
Hey, listen.
Maybe the Reagan's got a canceled.
I've got the, I've written down it.
That they got together with the Bushes.
Yeah.
Hey, they got together in the bushes.
You think Bob Greasy was cringing up in the booth
when he was watching his daughter get gang rape yesterday?
Oh, man.
Oh, no.
What?
I was sick and living here.
Brian and Bob Berlin could get together and make little girl cornerback.
It's a good thing he wasn't listening to more in the broadcast
because Mo did say gang rape is funny.
He did say that.
I have a great day, pal.
You're out of material.
Please, I hope.
5 6 7 0 5 60 from WQAM.
And pound 5 60.
You got a lot of good stuff in here.
I can't believe that.
I can't wait till Friday.
Hey, day.
We just play mode-roppings today, huh?
Look how much Scott's making.
50 a day, sent.
11 past 11 at 5 60.
I see there's no showbending at Pompeyville.
Parts of it are not ripped them while I'm doing their spot
because Dick Feinberg and Steve Wolf are getting upset.
So Kevin Wallace and Brad Cramer
went to Raceway last night, fat rich.
Just a message to Rich.
I'll be there tonight Rich with Bells on.
Okay, I'm gonna go to the hockey game tomorrow night.
I'm gonna make the best of it this week.
You know what I'm saying?
Unless I'm sick from this place.
Oh, man.
And he's right.
Where is Moses?
Is Moses supposed to be here last week?
Oh, no.
Now, don't tell me he's not gonna show up
because that's gonna like Tessio said,
screw up all my plans.
We gotta get Rush all that OxyContin.
Or he's never gonna get out.
12 minutes after 11 at 5 60 WQM.
Hey, all you harness racing and horse racing fans.
Pompeyville Park is doing it.
It's their 40th anniversary season.
The track featuring top-like time horse racing.
And Highstakes Poker.
What I just say.
New post-time for the first race at Pompeyville Park tonight.
And every Monday, Wednesday, Friday, and Saturday.
7.05 PM.
And the Poker Room is now open again from Newton midnight.
Every live racing day.
All you old cockers go out.
And if you like your poker, hello.
Pompeyville Park is open seven days a week.
And night, featuring the best in Simulcasting.
Harness, through a bright, highly action fall across North America.
Including Mohawk and Woodbine, of course.
And don't forget that general parking and admission
are always free at Pompeyville Park today for the live racing.
New this season at the track of 20% increase in purses.
A nightly giveaway of a $400 betting voucher.
And a revamped free Powerplay Rewards program.
That gives you points read to betting.
The horses are playing poker.
They can redeem for special gifts and betting vouchers.
And every Wednesday night at Pompeyville Park is Dollar Night.
Dollar Draft beers, hot dogs, sodas, and lots more.
Pompeyville Park.
A block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road for the new racing schedule.
You can call 9-5-4-9-7-2-2000.
Or go online at pompeyvillepark.com.
Pompeyville Park where Wally Hennessy is most definitely the anti-crystall.
And my life in Lowell's.
This is 42560.
Way to Way M.
Get a life.
Mom is proud of you, Mo.
Nice call, baby.
When it's done, let it out.
New this season watch the TV.
Put the finger up there.
Whoa, white love to know.
White love to know what Christian's super fun.
Read five in the corner.
While fondling their nuts.
Whoa, white love to know.
White love to know what Christian's super fun.
Postal, white and tasty from the fascinating.
It's hailing back to macaroni and cheese.
Cut holes in the bitchy, just the tasty reproduce.
That's just about all they're allowed to do.
White love to know, white love to know.
White love to know, white love to know.
White love to know, white love to know.
Do they get a swollen foot while leaning out their guns?
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know.
With Christians who perform.
Do they polish out the fish?
On the campaign of the truck.
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know.
With Christians who perform.
Read and stand and eat and sit back down.
I can't eat you.
And watch it all down with the twelve-hack of fruit.
Live a life of order up to heaven, you go.
Got only smile upon pouring that whole.
Whoa, white love to know.
White love to know, white love to know.
Yeah, you have love to know, white love to know.
White love to know.
Look at that, that's the best.
59, 15 is 59.
That's too bad.
14, 3, partly cloudy.
You getting a kid in that squad?
John Jaros wants to know the weather in Rome.
Excellent.
Look at that, maybe a little on no rain.
I don't see any rain at all.
15, 16, 61 and low 40s.
That's too bad.
Excellent.
Thank you very much, sir.
Everybody's coming and giving me the chance for a band of pears.
You see, they wanted a way to come back so they could suck around.
Thank you very much.
And have a great time in Rome.
In Rome.
Say hi to Papa.
Why are you over there?
Give me a high sign for me.
Give me some oxygen.
2, 11, 19, at 5, 60, W and Q.
It looks like he could use it.
The Pope.
Not a good shape, huh?
If the Pope would only smoke a little bit more dope, you know, the good stuff.
If you only would have had Georgia's phone number.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, and for Ryzen Wireless Line.
I think I'm finally adjusting.
I would like a culture shock being in this place.
And by the way, Ken, nice job at that, do with that limo.
I don't want to do the whole show on that, do I?
Yes.
Just such a horseball job, man.
And when somebody is bragging you, oh, I was up there in 35 minutes.
Why, you were standing out there waiting praying that somebody might show up.
And of course, he, he, this guy, he, didn't have to do this, and he had to do that.
He, and I couldn't give him, right?
So, otherwise, he hadn't got any clue who drove me home or anything surrounding it.
He just called some banana boat company there at the airport, some desperate limo flunky place.
Why don't you just tell me, hey, listen, I'm very sorry, but I have an emergency.
My dog just cracked on a carpet at home, and you have to take a cab.
I wouldn't have been too happy about it, but at least I'd have been home, right?
Sure.
And so, how much more could it, how much more seriously could it have cost me?
I gave her a $60 tip.
How much more could it cost me to have her cab?
About 30, man.
Yeah, right?
From day to broward.
How much would that be?
But I would say about 90, right?
And no more than a bill.
No more than a bill.
Oh, yeah, right.
I can handle it.
It's about what I lose at Pompa-Doh Park tonight, because we got no show betting.
I'm going to bet $2 to show.
How do you like that, Dick, and all the cybercasting?
Just as the silent protest.
I'll have $2 to show on the three and the four.
171 votes, Wisethnick or racial group, is most protective or paranoid about its own people.
Blacks 80, like Miriam Elephant, for example, Jews 53.
Like Meyer Lansky.
You ever hear any Jews defending Meyer Lansky?
No.
No.
Cubans 28, Muslims 8, and Italians 2.
Two grease balls out there, huh?
Two for the Italians.
So we got a whole bunch of checks here, which is good.
Well, that's good news for you, a fush.
Why me ain't coming until Thursday?
That means maybe you can get a scam.
Somebody's hockey tickets before he gets his ass in it.
See, I don't understand that.
George, you're really well, fell down on the job on at the deal.
He was supposed to be here today.
He was supposed to be here today.
He was supposed to be here a week ago.
He was supposed to be here a week ago, okay?
Moishi?
Not cut, then, Moishi.
I'm going to have to sick your daddy on you.
Oh, speaking of your daddy.
Oh, this Prince Charles thing.
I have been telling the audience for years.
There's a lot more than one queen at Buckingham Palace.
I've been telling them that.
They said, oh, yeah, that's Neil, what a clown.
I told you.
And you want to know how he knew that?
Because they're Brits.
The British guys are almost all queens.
Almost every one of them.
Oh, yeah, it's like Spicks.
Same thing.
I'll mark it down.
Top 8 quiz, Charles, about his sexuality.
I got a thing here.
I'll take some calls for us, but it goes on a great length
from the daily mirror of London at great length.
It's about this long, he said.
That's why Danny used to laugh all the time.
Here's a lady in Evan's shirt, hello.
Hi, Neil.
A belated happy birthday.
Thank you.
And you need to suck on his dang cough drop.
That'll help you.
I'm not sucking on anything right now.
I knew I opened the door for that.
Fine.
Oh, my, do I thanks to the van lady for my nice birthday card.
Thanks, sweetheart.
I hope you feel better.
Go ahead.
You're welcome.
No, not you with the van lady.
Oh, I know, but that's me.
Oh, it's not.
Oh, okay, okay.
This is the crazy lady.
Yeah.
And her nice day.
I said I talked to anybody, but not her.
She's a lunatic, crazy person.
5670560, pound five, what?
Aren't they all?
No, they're not all well.
Most.
Here's a call from Pompano.
Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Hey, this is Kim.
The guy.
He's got an asshole.
5670560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Carl Springs.
Hello.
Carl Springs.
I knew you.
Good morning.
Good morning, too.
The first time, Carl.
Well, I had, I heard before someone would call.
Someone what?
You heard before what?
He's gone.
He's dead.
Someone just, I think he just got right out of the goddamn plane.
How do you like that?
Just like, what's your name?
Evol, what's that on passions?
What's an amcasing Julian broader back in there?
That's right.
Well, why did you do that, Julian?
I'm going to beat you.
I'm going to kill you.
That TC, man.
Just come to take a couple of doggie downers with a TC.
Just one.
I'm trying to think where the hell we left off on Friday on that show, the wing.
Charlie is floating up on shore.
She's running around.
They got the lights on.
Charlie, they're on the island.
They got her cornered.
By the way, little Jerry with a squiggly head right.
You don't have to waste your time.
You don't have to sign these.
It's always you, okay?
But the fact that I'm here now, even waste some of our fax paper, which I see you're doing already.
Little squiggly right in Jerry that's been faxing me for six years with it.
You said it, but you're listening every minute of every day.
Art is sweetheart.
You're listening every single minute of every day.
You got your thumb deep up your ass.
Listen to this show.
Massage in your prostate, which is probably good for you.
Oh, no.
Now, why is he doing that?
Why is Jeff in the pizza lockout?
This just, just, just frost my fat ass.
You're saying you talked to anybody?
I didn't, I'm talking about callers, not people like you.
Oh, okay.
Now, I just wanted to tell you I'm going to come and visit you, Der.
No, no, no, you're not.
No, you're not.
You're not bringing me any food.
I don't have to bring food.
I have to go there to talk to the salespeople, letting you wait.
So I was just going to say hello.
I've drove past your place in Davy last night when I went to Walgreens in a plantation,
rather.
Yes.
And the help looked real only in there.
I have certain things to tell you about.
Yeah.
There's going to be some changes.
Yeah.
So, but nobody ever listened to me.
Now, you see, one thing I've learned in my life, all these hundred years that I've lived,
is you can never tell anybody anything because no matter how smart I am,
everybody else is so much smarter.
You know what I mean?
I was not going to do it with smart.
It's the same thing with kids.
You can't, they don't have a lot of experience.
They know everything.
That's what I'm saying.
That's right.
They know it all.
No matter what you tell them, okay, we have to learn a hard way.
It's human nature.
Everybody has to learn from their mistakes.
I have friends like that.
No matter what I try to tell them, they're smarter than me.
They know it all.
Okay, go ahead.
Scrup your life.
Have a good time.
Because it's going to get some kind of disease.
The good thing is, if you learn from penicillin.
If you learn from your mistakes, you're okay.
If you don't learn from them, then you're an idiot.
That's what Al Goldstein said.
Another good friend of yours.
Yeah, that's another man with a lot of problems.
Yeah, yeah.
Well, that's why I threw him in there, right?
Uh-huh.
Hey, by the way, Al, let me have the keys to your apartment in Amsterdam.
Okay, you're not using it.
He's never going to get to go there again because he can't leave the country.
I don't think he's healthy enough to go, man.
He's taking a beat.
What do you mean by that?
Mentally and physically.
By hurting you lost 100 pounds, but that's not the way to do it.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Anyway, it's good to have you in town.
No, it's not.
No, it is not good to be in town.
It's a nightmare.
It's a nightmare.
Why?
Why is it good for you to be a guy in town?
Because I could come and be a pain in the ass and see you.
You know what I want to see you.
I know what you look like.
I know what you're exactly what you look like.
You never change.
I have a new look.
We'll be talking about my ears even shorter.
Yeah.
You know?
That's why nobody's got an implantation anymore.
Yeah.
I want to see some skinhead.
I'm in Davy now.
The Davy is my story.
Oh, so in other words, you're not connected with the other one?
At the end of the year, there will be a different name and a different story.
I'm not a bad person there.
No, no, no, no, no.
Yeah.
So I'll show you how I'm going to detail this.
Totally.
It'll even be a different name.
Yeah.
Just don't tell anybody, okay?
Okay.
We don't want anybody to know.
You know, they got the what?
Yeah.
Look.
Yeah.
There you go.
Anyway.
So it's good to hear you from here.
How about you're good buddies?
The dolphins, baby.
That was a beautiful performance.
Thank you very much.
See, I'm thinking, you know, Pat Riley was smart enough to equip
before they could fire him.
Because they lose every game.
And then my, listen to me, my Kenan gets canned after the game in St. Louis.
And I'll want that if Wayne had any brains at all, wants that would be canned already.
He'd be fired.
Not true.
They're going to still end up 10 and 6 in the play.
Oh, you are so cool, man.
And the Ravens are going to kick their ass on Sunday.
You're a dream and man.
You're in Lala land.
You're one of those two.
See, see, this is what kills me about dolphin fans.
Like me, I'm a leaf fan.
They're actually playing better than I thought they would.
But at least I know when they suck.
Okay, I don't pretend.
Oh, my team is the best.
We're going to win the Stanley Cup.
We're talking Super Bowl.
All the fans down here, always, they're in delusional state, like you.
You're dreaming.
That's what a fan is.
Yeah.
We're just because Louis Alaboy used to take showers in a back there at the loft.
That doesn't mean you have to get that tight with him, you know?
Well, you know, I happen to have been a dolphin fan from 1966.
Well, my son of these two.
My commiserations.
And I can, I plan on keeping that up.
And they're going to come back and surprise everybody.
Yeah, okay, Jeff.
I'm sure that everybody at Soft Florida feels a lot better here.
And you say that everybody has ups and downs.
Right.
Just like the pizza loft.
They're manic depressive with no ups.
That's the dolphins problem.
Is it bomber?
Have a great day, Jeff.
I'll see you soon and don't bring any food in here.
That's going to be out of you.
I'll put that day you place right now.
Oh, problem.
Okay.
Take care.
Bye-bye.
Wow.
28 past 11.
Nobody will ever listen to me.
You know, my whole life.
That's one of my great frustrations.
You try to tell people things for their own good.
Oh, what does he know?
You're so negative.
And then right away, well, we're going bankrupt.
Hey, I'll tell you a place that's really great.
One of the best kept dining secrets in town.
It's going strong in Soft Florida.
It's a cross-bring schooled Co-C Food Grill.
They just celebrated their one year anniversary.
And they got three and I have big bulging stars
from the Sunsetville Showtime dining review.
The Gold Co-C Food Grill's got all kinds of great dishes,
including mango plum salmon, almond-crusted mahi-mahi,
orange honey glazed sea bass, and crab and shrimp stuffed trout.
There's a great bar atmosphere at the Gold Co-C Food Grill
with an extensive wine and martinulus.
Big fat martinis at happy hour, only five and a half bucks.
From Fort Boyd, damn it.
The levels on this board are in nightmare.
Our engineering department sucks in the case.
I forgot to tell you that.
Jesus.
Big martinis at happy hour, only five and a half bucks
from four to seven pm every day, seven days a week.
The Gold Co-C Food Grill and Croll Springs
at 2752 North University Drive inside the beautiful prestigious walk shopping center.
954-255 fishes, the number for reservations and more information.
954-255 fish.
You can dive inside, around side, large parties and private functions.
Welcome to experience the best kept secret in lunch and dinner.
Dining it's the Gold Co-C Food Grill and Croll Springs,
and you'll find them at 2752 North University Drive inside the walk shopping center.
You'll always find great seafood and great prices at the Gold Co-C Food Grill.
It's my and local.
This is Fort Boyd, 0560.
You're way, you way.
Yeah!
Are you searching for a new sensation in dining?
If you're tired of that same old bump and grind,
then why not revisit an old friend and eat at the Y?
That's right folks, because here at the Y,
we've turned our old facilities into a mouth-watering buffet,
and you've never seen us read like this one.
Featuring some of the most delicious entrees you've ever tasted.
And if you like eating Mexican, you'll love the Y
because every night is taco night.
Or if you enjoy the taste of wild game,
our chefs prepare a lips-snack-ing sauteed rabbit baked in a golden flower crust.
That's right.
Air pie.
It's all here.
Literally, mounds of piping hot food,
including juicy steaks, cooked medium rare.
Because when you eat at the Y,
all the meat is pink in the middle.
Or if you like spicy food,
here's an unusual entree,
a red hot-cage and mule steak.
Talk about a piece of ass that brings tears to your eyes.
It's lips-snack-ing good to chew,
whoop-woop-woop-woop-no-ness.
So, the next time you eat out,
slide on down to the Y.
It's not the perchie highway,
I'm the number one egg.
You need a bow-bye-gurth.
You need a bow-bye-gurth.
26 till noon at 5.60 WDQ,
and I know some people probably have eaten it
the Y all weekend long.
Widow leaves, I already had this story on.
Why are you people faxing me stuff that we already had on?
We talked about this on Friday,
Joan Crock leaving $200 million to NPR.
Remember that?
Remember that, Scott?
Yeah.
Now, what are you listening to, and are you listening to TV?
Scott is listening to TV.
Oh, I'm not.
Well, what are you listening to?
I have a buzz in my ear.
No, no. I just, I could hear it in the hear.
It was so loud.
Scott's watching television.
I said to him,
remember on Tuesday we had Friday we talked about?
He doesn't even know I'm talking to him.
I'm leaving. I'm getting out.
I'm going to get up.
Wouldn't that be something if I got up and walked out?
I am so tempted.
You have no idea.
This just ain't working, man.
This studio, the levels are all over the goddamn place.
Engineering's a disaster at QA,
and we're a barrispiet,
and we're pissed off and fired up about it.
And Scott's an idiot who's watching television in there.
You know, we need that TV in there like we need hemorrhoids, okay?
Why do we have a TV in there?
Why does George have to have a goddamn TV in there?
That's him again.
That's George B. and George.
Watching goddamn Playboy TV and a bunch of tinny crap on it,
we don't need that.
We're supposed to be doing a radio show.
I mean, if there's something in the world going on,
like here's a CNN.
There's a chicken flap.
They're flappin' it at a KFC.
That's the hot story.
There's nothing going on.
More dead bodies in Iraq.
It's about it.
Here's a fact from a Denver fan who says,
have any hear you're in Banana Town, Florida.
Came in just in time to see those sorry Miami-Fore fans morning.
I love the days after disastrous weekend.
I love that Dolphin defense.
Says the Denver fan.
Well, just wait till the Patriots kick your ass.
And that's right there what he did.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
And for Rise and Wireless Line.
Give him a lot of great calls on here today.
Prince Charles is a queen.
They thought he was waiting to be king.
Well, comes to fight out.
He's going to be king.
A queen.
Now let's see, 3680.
What do we get?
Do we need any of these checks up that we got today?
Was I supposed to be keeping them?
No, no, no.
I neither one of us was.
I was my fault.
I showed it because it's probably like around 37, 39 grand though.
We'll get to 40 by the end of the week where I'm getting out of this place.
Prince Charles was questioned about his sexuality by his most senior aided emerge yesterday.
Says the Daily Mirror of London.
Sir Michael Pete had a face-to-face meeting with Charles just after becoming his private secretary in August of last year.
A royal spokeswoman said the talks him that all sorts of rumor and innuendo.
So, yesterday Charles flew back from Oman to receive to face a renewed storm over claims of an incident between a servant and a senior royal that Princetonized this ever to place.
Former press adviser Mark Bolin said, Pete had asked him, do you think Charles is bisexual?
Royal aide, Sir Michael Pete, a man with a reputation for seeking the truth, talked face-to-face with Prince Charles last year as rumor and innuendo raids it emerged yesterday.
Their meeting was revealed as Charles flew home from the Gulf into a growing furor over a former servant's claims to have witnessed an incident involving another palace employee and a senior royal.
The rape, this is not a new story, by the way, this start was out months ago.
Really?
Oh yeah, about how one of the senior palace employees was supposedly raped while I wanted Charles servants.
I must have been watching TV.
Charles declared on Thursday night that he had no part in that and he said the incident did not take place.
Yesterday, the controversy was reignited when his former press adviser Mark Bolin said Sir Michael had asked him, do you think Charles is bisexual?
Would you like some spotted dick with your lunch?
Clarence House has now indicated that Sir Michael, Charles private secretary, did have a push-to-push meeting with the Prince of Discussed Rumors circulating about his sexuality.
He's a fag, he's another queen.
And of course, Prince Edward, we know he's a fag and Prince Andrew, I'm here, does a fag, huh?
And Prince Harry, he might as well be because he's so guy damn ugly, right?
Sure.
The moment of your red cheeks.
Brackum.
Yeah, they're too.
Now let's see, there is a thing in here in this story, this is a very long story.
I got time.
No, I'm not going to read the whole thing, it's too, because they don't care about it anyway.
No, it talks about the incident.
Oh here it is.
Former Royal Valley, George Smith claims he was raped by a royal servant at St. James Palace.
Mr. Smith, a veteran of Faulklands, the Abiga, Las Malvinus War, told Prince his Diana and she's understood it with taped his story.
There have been investigations, and that might have been a good reason why they authored, you know what?
That might be why they killed the bitch.
There have been three investigations into the allegations.
The palace and police both found no evidence.
A probe last year by Sir Michael Pete also found nothing.
Mr. Smith yesterday alleged he was stalked by a hooded gunman from 1966 beaten up until to keep your mouth shut or that'll be it.
If you know what, I'm going to come in there physically, remove that TV set.
What are you looking at?
The Tab of Life, International on CNN.
Why are you looking at it?
First of all, it's not on now.
Just took a look at four of the most popular died.
I had that story on our website, I got it here, it was on yesterday.
It's on our website already, it's old news CNN, okay honey?
Put something new on like Prince Charles is a fag.
You are so easily distracted, man, it's just unbelievable.
You must be hanging around with Pharrell too much. Too many bad drugs.
Too much bad drugs.
560-50560.
You know they got the what? Yeah, look.
Count 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Now let's see the schedule shows here.
The mad dog is going to be really fulmin at them out.
Oh right.
He's going to be here two to four.
He is going to be suicidal, I bet.
Then you got to hump where it's you was today four to seven.
I guess I'm not going to see Hank today either.
I haven't seen Hank in months.
He's supposed to be here tomorrow though.
Maybe I'll still be here.
Ricky, were you sure with the Cleveland Rikki?
Man, did you see when he got tackled by his hair that time?
That's the third time the season that's happened already.
Yes, seriously.
You saw it didn't you?
Yes I did.
He got tackled by his locks by his Rostalox,
which is one more good reason not to be wearing those.
Okay, but it looks like crap.
Who's the other dude on the team that's got the Rostalox?
There's one other guy.
No, seriously.
There's one other player on the team.
No, I know.
I know.
I just don't know.
He's got to say no.
Let's go to the same barber.
The Humber at four from Shula's Ricky William Show at the Cleveland
and I'd seven eight o'clock.
That should be an embarrassment.
And then you got the Hercune Hotline and they that should be like a wake
at Tony Romas,
8K at 10 and mark Eisenberg overnight,
which means you'll cast that away here tonight.
Maybe Joe's going to just come in here and dittle with the board a little bit.
That's what Scott just told me, Joe.
He said, you come in here and do your guests and your
auto racing crap and you dittle with the board and screw up the equipment all
at the stuff like that.
But then that's Scott.
You know, he's a sourpuss.
Here's Cutlerage.
Hello.
Hey, I want to talk about the dog.
Go ahead.
Just go record.
Just close the door on a T-room there and talk all you want.
Just talk to the little instrument, the little bowl.
56670560.
Now you know that's not going to be Miami on line nine.
I've been trying to teach you this for a long time.
You know it's going to be that chronic.
Here's the chronic on line.
Is Rost back here?
Yes, see?
56670560.
Pound 560 on the AT&T.
No rush eight back yet as a matter of fact.
He's still waiting for the guy, Demoxy, con to show up this month.
19 till noon at 560WQM.
We'll let you know when he's back.
Okay, pal, we'd like to give him a good old handy crap.
Because he's full of it.
You know, they got the what?
Yeah, look, 1141 at 560QM.
233 votes on that pool.
And this all stems from that Miriam Elephanster,
which I noticed nobody's talking about.
That's okay.
That's fine with me.
It's like anything else.
I don't have to say about it.
Which ethnic or racial group is the most protective paranoid about its own people?
Blacks 108, Jews 70, Cubans 42, Muslims 11, Italians 2.
We should also put like Catholics on there, even though they're not ethnic or racial.
Should have put Catholics, right?
Sure.
For Dennis.
Hey, Dennis, let's put some Catholics on there.
Come on, Eric, let's go.
Catholics.
Gays.
Let's put Gays on there too.
For Prince Charles.
Oh, not here.
Not the road family.
They're not engaging in that kind of bugery.
I'm sure that.
No bugery there at the Guide de Mappalice.
18 till noon at 560QM.
Here's some big news of Halopodiac GMC.
Has just been voted the number one Pontiac GMC dealer-indead county and customer satisfaction.
And our good, close personal buddies, Tom Liman and Joe Prieto want to say,
thank you for your support.
Stop by Halop right now and check out the Pontiac vibe.
Normally it retails for over 20 grand, but at Halopodiac right now, this second,
you can buy it fully loaded for $16,500 bucks plus tax in tech.
I noticed Bob Eisenberg wasn't in here because he's giving me this piece of confidence,
got all kinds of mistakes in it.
Plus, he hasn't given us a dime for a ban in Pet Rescue.
So we haven't seen Bob Eisenberg with his bad due.
How many of those you truck headquarters with over 300 to choose from, including the Yukon and the Yukon?
And coming soon, the new Ann-Voy XUV and the new Ann-Voy XUV too, the most unique SUV in a market.
Great Neal deals every day at Halopodiac GMC, or like it says here, at Halopodiac Pontiac GMC,
134.01, South Dixie Highway, that's US 1 across and falls open every day, seven days a week.
If you want more info, were you like born with like some kind of a mental defect?
I mean, I was just noticing that there's something missing in your head.
For more info called the Near Riders Neal Deal Hotline, toll free at 1-888-534-4211.
He's trying to figure out what I'm talking about.
I have never worked with anybody so strange in my life.
1-888-534-4211, don't forget all offers subject to credit.
Approval, see the folks at Halopodotales, Halopodiac GMC.
Unlike Scott, they are professional grades.
I have a look off this, this is 560.
The radio's on your side.
Q&A.
What are those on your feet?
Shoes.
What else?
S-O-C-K-S.
You just said kiss my f***ing in Cantonese.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Hey, what's that around your waist?
About?
Spell it.
B-E-L-T.
You just told someone to f*** off in Zulu.
Oh, my!
And that's just one of the many techniques you'll learn with the National Profanix
language cassette program.
National Profanix can have you cursing in Spanish, French, Italian, German,
and a host of other languages in just a few weeks.
So call 1-800-F*** you today.
Because the most important thing you'll need to know about other cultures
is how to tell somebody off.
Say buddy, S-O-C-K-S.
K?
14-Dalloon at 560-W.
Happy Monday.
I realize this is not a good day to be coming back here.
Everybody's done and I'm first of all it's a Monday.
Secondly, it's been raining like cats and dogs.
And thirdly, the sports people,
where are we cursed down here Jim?
Where?
You know, quite like a bunch of little children.
And then my keen ends get said, can, where?
Hey, Geldy, you're nothing but a suckhole, okay?
See, no matter what the organization does,
if they would have like shot my keen end in the ass,
well that's a good idea.
I am.
I was at the higher than that.
That's a good idea.
Because he's a suckhole for the organization.
That's why you see him up there on the goddamn scoreboard between periods.
He wants Joe's McDonald's job.
So he's just going to no matter what they do,
he has no credibility there.
He has no credibility and we're talking like he does.
Like a baby.
560-7.05-60.
So I realize that you're done and dumps in here.
I'm trying to cheer you up a little bit, right?
No.
Yeah, trying to make you feel a little bit better about life.
Saw that thing on the news about 400 times over the weekend,
about the school we headed on Thursday.
Was it Thursday, I think?
Not Friday.
Goose Creek South Carolina.
Headed that on Thursday, saw it live there on CNNC.
George tells Scott that instead of paying attention to me,
on the show he's supposed to be sitting there watching TV watching the news.
See, it's all George.
George is the one he creates.
It's like, Frank and Dr. Frank inside.
He creates all his monsters like your predecessor in there.
Like Beenerboy.
He was probably getting them the drugs.
He creates all his own little monsters.
And then he just kind of like steps away.
Oh, well, this one's incompetent.
I made a bad mistake.
You know that kind of stuff.
Why do I need you to be watching the news?
I'm watching the skiing, the little kid skiing on there.
And Whistler Canada, he's smoking some good crap there.
The late-year-old kid, he's smoking a big fat one.
What's Whistler BC, you know?
So I'll find out what's going on in the world.
What's that?
My check?
I already got my check.
Is that another check?
Good.
Just keep bringing them in, Duff.
Just keep bringing them in the checks.
What is that?
Don't look at it.
Just bring it in.
Bring it in.
He's looking at it.
Maybe they made a mistake.
Maybe they paid me twice.
Don't be looking at it.
I'll split it with you.
Okay?
I'll split 50-50.
Thank you.
Well, what is that?
What is this?
What is this for?
One of them bonus?
I don't know.
I'll check it out and let you know later.
5-670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
Wireless line.
Like I said, I'm leaving.
I'm getting out of here now.
I can't believe that they did that.
This is a company.
I'm not saying nothing.
And you're not either.
If you know what's good for you.
It's 11 before noon at 560WQ and he's got my check.
I would have sworn.
Maybe that was another check for another day.
I don't know.
Body parts found in leaking FedEx package.
FedEx workers discovered a shipment of two human legs in an arm
where one of the boxes was found leaking at a company depot police.
I can't do that.
I got to give this back to you.
They already paid me.
I can't take this.
It's a mistake.
Well, you can come in right now.
I have to wait.
I mean, I might change my mind before you come back.
No, it's a thank you, but it's a mistake.
I already got that check.
It's already in the bank.
No, no, shit.
Well, let me take a look at the data on it just to decide one more time.
Because I like the amount.
No, I mean, well.
That's the fifth check for the 20th.
For the 20th?
What do you mean for the 20th?
That's not for the 25th.
No, that can't be right.
Because that's got a talent check.
Excuse us, folks, why we argue about my money?
No, this is for the 10th.
This is a mistake.
Although, you know what?
Maybe you're right.
Maybe this is the first part and the talent check's going to come separate.
Maybe it's a...
I'm not going to open your mic.
Oh, come on, there.
Get out of here.
That microphone doesn't work either.
Are you crazy?
Maybe it's just a good faith thing.
How do you like the way that sounds, Scott?
Sounds like a tin can.
Hey, everybody.
It's cool.
Yeah, but are we screwed up or what, huh?
Yeah, I told you not to turn that on.
Well, I don't know what to do with it.
I'll tell you how.
I'll hold it.
I promise you, I will not deposit it.
You find out what it is.
Find out what it's for.
I can't deposit it here anyway unless I leave real quick, which is not a bad idea.
5, 6, 7, so anyway, I saw that thing on all the news that were submitting times where they had the kids down on the floor with a drug bust at the end.
And then we had one call about that.
Oh.
I'm sure you people saw it.
And this is the way they got you conditioned in this fascist country that you're living in.
And you just accept that.
Everybody hit the floor.
It's a drug bust with a gun's drawn.
15 crazy cops in some Redneck Yahoo school in South Carolina in Gooseneck, no less.
Redneck's in Gooseneck.
I mean, the public is sitting back there.
Oh, I want to talk about the dolphin.
What are we going to do?
That Frank Reese blows and lets fire Dave Wandsett.
And why is Dave Wandsett fired Dave Wandsett?
I say, that's a great idea.
Okay.
Yeah, go ahead.
He's a loser.
He was a loser with a bear.
He's a loser.
Here's an idiot.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good?
Hey, we know George is just trying to prove his manhood by having a fable in the studio.
He's a fag.
Everyone knows that.
Okay, good.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Yes sir.
I'm a long time hurricane span.
I'm so sorry.
No, it's been fun.
But why?
I mean, well.
Are you one of those people that paints up your face orange and not green?
I don't do that.
Good, thank God.
I don't enjoy watching them.
But anyways, it seems to me like Tudzinski seems to have like...
No, no wait, no wait, no.
Are you talking sports to me?
Yes sir.
What are you talking about?
What are you talking about?
You're not out of here.
Are you crazy person or what?
He's talking about the hurricane, what they need the offensive line.
And Dona Shalili has got a big one.
I mean, I don't want to hear about that crap.
Are you nuts?
These people are insane.
You're right.
You were right before.
It's the first time you've been right this year.
5670560, can you believe this paycheck thing?
I don't know why I should have just kept my mouth shut.
Am I stupid or what?
Yes.
I mean, maybe it's like a duplication.
I should have said, hey, Clarice, where's my check?
And Dona Shalili, come here.
It is, Neil.
But I can't do that because then they'll catch it.
And then like, you know, fry my ass.
5670560, come on, where's the action here?
Where's the excitement?
I'm back in town.
Everybody's bitching.
He's out of town too much.
We got all this stuff to talk about here.
And this guy wants to talk about the guy, the offensive line of the freaking Hurikunz.
Okay?
Are you a crazy person or what?
That's right.
I forgot he's a Hurikun fan.
He answered the question already.
What?
Why do you have the...
I can't...
I'm going to put it like a curtain, so I'm going to have to see you know.
Not forget the fact that you're that ugly because, you know, I mean...
But just the idea that you have these expressions that ordinary sane rational people
don't have...
It looks like that on their face.
Ever.
Ever.
Man, a few people could see it.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
How you doing?
Okay, sir?
Hey, you know, you're not probably not going to like this call, but...
What is that?
What is that?
I'm not going to like this call.
Why do you not come like what I have to say?
But...
How do you know that?
Well...
Why are you pre-judging what I'm going to think?
Here's what I have to say.
Maybe I'm going to love it.
Maybe it's going to be great, but I doubt it.
Here's what I got to say.
I've been listening to you.
I'm 33.
I've been listening to you for as long as I can remember.
Right.
When you raised your mind.
Right.
And...
I'm a bad guy.
Lately, man, anytime I turn on the radio, you're just...
It's winding and bitching and boning.
Well, then don't listen anymore.
I know you were going to say that too, but...
Well, yeah.
That's a really an option, but...
That's an option, but...
Everything is so negative with you now.
It's like what?
Well, like what?
The country saw...
You know, you're talking about your paycheck.
The Canada is so great.
And, you know...
I never mentioned Canada once here today.
And there was some one word about Canada.
But...
You talked about just...
I mean, things...
I...
So I guess I lost those ball games over the weekend.
I'm the one that's all sour and bent out of shape.
I don't care about the ball games.
I'm the one that screwed up all the equipment in here in this place.
I made it like a...
Not house in this studio.
No, I'm worried about you.
I think you need to get a new outlook on life.
No, no, I'm not getting any new outlook.
I don't...
I don't take advice from other people how I should look upon life, okay?
Okay.
If you don't like the show, have a great life.
Goodbye.
Very...
Very simple.
I don't take advice on what I should say.
We already have enough people in this country who are being told to act like a parent.
And just repeat after us.
You feel like it.
You feel like it.
I'm not going to do that.
And going to happen.
Oh, you're so sour and you're so negative about bye-bye.
Very simple.
Easy.
Well, that's an option but button.
You know he's not going to do it.
Is he going anywhere?
No.
Of course not.
Not going nowhere.
All you want to do...
And I'm the one who's supposed to be negative.
If you have nothing to contribute to this program, you have nothing brilliant to share with your fellow citizens of South Florida.
And so what do you do?
You call and take a cheap shot at me.
I don't care.
I got like...
Not only do I have my check in the bank, I get an Aster check.
How do you like that?
Oh, right.
I got checks up the S.
How do you like that, sweetheart?
I got money that hasn't been printed yet.
I got purple 20s.
Forget about the pink ones.
They're PASS A.
Plus it's bad for my image.
5, 6, 7, 05.
I know I was going to have to come in here all week and look at you.
Act like an asshole.
I definitely would have stayed there.
Here's plantation.
Hello.
Hi, Meele.
That last guy I just called is totally all jealous.
He's right on it.
He's on it.
I'm negative.
Hey, but it's nice to have you back.
Hey, I just want to ask if you have anything to say.
I'll go around Sunday.
Yeah, I did see that.
He was great.
Yeah, that was tremendous.
And too bad he would have done that in 2000, you know what?
Do you think that's going to be a thing where it's going to launch in with two more than
natural came in?
No, are you kidding me?
Al Gore forget about him.
He's as boring as a cigar store Indian.
I know, but if all the other guys could pass on that message, man, we just run over, push.
Well, you're right.
No, don't say that because the public out there, they're still buying it.
It was bull crap.
It's astonishing to me.
But the good news is the numbers are dwindling like crazy.
In fact, the independence, he's already behind among the independence and the latest poll against, he's like Philly Philly with somebody that didn't even have a name yet.
In fact, here's the story from CNN.
A poll release Saturday finds more registered voters want to see President Bush voted out than kept an office in the next election.
How do you like that?
50% said the registered voters said they don't want to see him elected.
44% said they do.
So that's why we need more of your bedtime stories that way.
We did out there, man.
Oh, yeah, I'm going to make the difference, man.
Make no mistake about it.
And how about them, how about them, Hurricanes?
Have a great day, pal.
Thanks, that's it.
How about them, Hurricanes?
They're doing it.
They lost two in a row.
That's why everybody's saying, oh, you're so negative, Neil.
This town is just a bastion of negativity.
Sitting there in Toronto most of the time doing the show and what do I get coming into the input?
You can smell it.
You can feel it.
You know, even if you try to be positive about something, you can't do it in this town.
I'll give you a classic example.
I went to public yesterday morning when you take those stupid shades off.
Jesus, God, are you an idiot?
Is this man an idiot?
God.
Now, like I said, put him back on.
I go to public yesterday morning and I got a few things.
So one of my good friends, the old guy there, the back boy, 90 year old back boy, he's a good guy.
And I leave and I get my beautiful Corvette.
As I'm leaving, here's a woman coming in in a big, she's driving like an SUV or something that, you know,
so as I'm going to make the turn to go out to the exit, obviously, there wasn't enough room.
So I just sat there and I waited and I let her make her turn.
So instead of nodding or thank you, she just gives me a look, you know, like the typical soft food.
Like, oh, gee, you want to paint in the ass, you know.
As opposed to like in a civilized place, like Toronto, as I just use it as an example, I'm sure there are others I haven't seen.
And I'm fond of it. What are people would have said, thanks, have a great day.
Thanks very much.
No, instead of that, she gives me like the old, ah, hey, hey, two.
And you want to know why she's miserable because she's probably stuck here, you know.
Probably had a couple of illegitimate kids.
1157 at 560 WQN. Hey, listen, if you're sleeping on a lumpy mattress, your back is going to give you the message in no time at all.
Believe me, you'll feel like crap, you won't get a good night's sleep.
And that's why I'd be calling our good friends at Dollar Mattress because that's the smart way to get you a great night's sleep.
The mattress industry is notorious for phony claims and shell games, but when you make that one easy call to Dollar Mattress, no phony promises, no baitings, which when you call the other people, what do they tell you?
Yeah, they got the hot, yeah, look, exactly.
But Dollar Mattress gives you a great unbeatable discount prices on the brand names, you know, and trust every day now, including Steer & Zambanan as foster.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you pick the day in time for delivery.
Any two-hour window that's convenient for you, in other words, when you're going to be home seven days a week from 8 in the AM till 10 in the PM.
Sleep on a mattress and Dollar Mattress in your back will be almost as lovely as Moes.
Honest sales practice is fantastic service.
Every day low prices, same day delivery and free setup and removal. So it's easy to see while a Dollar Mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
And by the way, deaf, if you think you're getting this check back, you're going to have to pull it out of my hands.
Don't get sucked in by those phony deals in a mattress, your arms, and if you're in your stores, they're a rip off.
Get the real deal from Dollar Mattress. Miguel is doing it, Boca Brian's doing even Fat Boy in Georgia doing it.
Of course, I've been doing it for a long time. Sleeping on a great mattress and Dollar Mattress and whatever else we like.
Call Tool Free 1-800-MATTRES. You'll be sleeping as soon as tonight with a big comfortable smile on your push.
1-800-MATTRES, or check them out online for more information at mattress.com.
We're supporting you 560-U-A-A-A.
A great looking piece of ass over there in 6127.
I like it. I like it.
I didn't know you liked to know it in a rapid smoke.
That's a manly thing to do. And I like men.
Wow, don't hit me with that wall.
Oh, what?
Wow.
Now that you've picked this, I did this thing like I asked you.
It's a demo. I took this for a whole video. Just like you said, I stand beside you.
Let me get a good look at you.
Move on me, I'm on run. I got a fence over the seat.
It's a demo.
Where?
You can't defend over the side wall to see it. That's it.
Hey, where's the door?
Oh, you know, you can push me over, boy. Ah, why you?
You can't move.
What is wrong? No way. We're hitting for a wonderful.
Think I'm pulling for that old trick. Why I'll have you to work.
Oh!
Wait, at least we're on shot.
Yeah, the wood had not a fighting message. Got me a poof.
Yeah, let's see who dropped in here, Jab.
Hey, fellas, Dylan. I'm Georgie.
That's my uncle, sister, Jab.
Howdy. And this here's my brother and my pal Marv.
Mama named us after all the bushes in honor of the greatest
pressure in this country ever had.
George Washington, bush.
Well, it's real nice meeting you and I.
You ain't going anywhere, sister.
Oh, see? Here, my good Christian friend.
He's got your jersey. Get on your knees.
You two, girlfriend.
But wait, I'm a boy.
You sure sound funny, but I like you, really.
Don't.
No!
No!
No!
That fight now.
Because you get used to it.
You want to be the girl?
Yes, you want to be the girl?
No! No, no, no, no, no.
You want to have that, Mom?
Yeah, you'll be feeling like a woman in no time.
You want to be the girl?
No, no.
I got a bad kiss. You get the front.
I suppose you want me to steal your mouth, eh?
Don't see how you got her. You have not.
You're gonna have to push that arm.
Oh, you're gonna have to push that arm.
Oh, you're gonna have to push that arm.
Oh, you're gonna have to push that arm.
Oh, you're gonna have to push that arm.
Back them.
Come on, 4-5-60-WDQ.
I'm happy Monday to you whether you like it or not.
I'm the one that's sour. That's the one that gets me, man.
That's what really kills me.
If you ever had eight votes on the pool, which, and, uh,
and let me give you another piece of, uh, exam,
uh, exam, piece of example.
Why shouldn't be here?
Door just opens, there's Muffigan.
And trying to kill me with kindness.
Oh, there's some sandwiches done, huh? Can I get you a couple?
Now, what did I say about food?
How many times, how many times have I said since I sat down here at 8.30 this morning?
About 30, man.
I'm not eating food while I'm in here.
I then you're killed myself the last two times.
I'm not gonna get forced fed food. I don't need to eat.
This isn't the goddamn cafeteria. It's not a kitchen.
It's just, well, it's not a radio station either, but it's supposed to be.
It's not a broadcast studio. It's far from that.
But it's supposed to be. We're doing a freaking radio show.
We're not doing a goddamn gay gourmet.
We're not doing an iron chef.
It's the freaking the erogier show. It's a radio station.
So I know your intentions were good.
And by the way, Scott is calling you the paper pussy, which I think is disgusting.
At least paper tiger would be good.
5.670560, 05.560.
I like that shade of red.
05.560 on the AT&T.
It won't make any difference. It takes a lot to get candy around here. Believe me.
You got to turn Duffer Greg down.
Or both. That's what Prince Charles said. He turned him both down.
Here's a call from Bokeh. Hello.
Welcome home.
Yeah.
Yes, sir.
When is your personal appearance?
Here's a call from Ford Pierce. Hello.
Welcome, God.
They're good. Aren't they? They're great.
Yes, sir.
Sorry.
Sorry, you're back.
Yeah, me too.
Oh my God.
Quick, suck job. Roll quick.
I'm one of your faithful truck driving listeners for about six years now.
Oh, right.
It's a small army of us out here, too. Believe you, mate.
And I just want to say to that guy that called me,
that he's got the blinders on, that you're a negative.
You're part of the problem down here, because you can't even see it.
You can't be bitching about it.
And I just have to turn you on every day.
I love the way when I said to him, you can turn it off.
Well, that's an option, but that's an option.
But in other words, he's going to tell me how I should view life
and what I should do to make him happy.
I mean, how do I do that when I got all these thousands of people listening?
Am I supposed to let eat?
How do I appeal to each one of them?
How they decide I'm supposed to do the show?
You just do what you do, and then if they can't,
That's what I do. I do do a lot, and believe me, my mother's very jealous.
Well, it's quality do do.
I mean, you're the best, man. You ought to smell it.
Real quick. Do you already, I'm sure you already covered the mic,
and get fired, bit.
Well, I covered it as much as I can on it,
because nobody cares about hockey here, so why dwell on it?
Well, that's the same.
But a death wish.
Now, is that going to be the same deal as when they fired my clean?
Then, Doug McClain, that was the straw that broke the camels back the first time around,
when they brought in PM, and they keep in mind that that first night, when Brian Murray coached,
they beat Boston 10-5, and from then on, they went straight down hill,
and I was the end of the organization as we knew it.
And now, this is, I mean, this Alan Cohen guy that bought the team,
he doesn't know what the hell he's doing. This guy's an idiot.
He's a total idiot.
This is the interim coach. Where did this position in this before he became coach now?
He was a general manager. Now, he's a general manager and coach.
It doesn't work out too well as we discovered in Toronto. It sucks.
Oh, God, here goes the BM thing all over again.
Right.
Okay, well, let me go get a different team. Go hockey.
Okay, good luck to pal.
Thanks, Neil.
Yeah, this organization has been screwed over.
And Alan Cohen and that whole Bernie Kosa are thing,
which you saw how fast he disappeared, old Bernie,
and the whole dog and pony show.
And I'll say it again, I saw a little bit of that game against Minnesota not too many nights ago.
And there was, I guess LA, rather, there was nobody there.
You were there? Yeah.
And even you admitted that there were 7,000 there were counting the ushers
and the people that got lost in the parking lot.
Very much. Nobody there.
They've destroyed. It used to be a fun thing, especially in the old building.
It was great. We built that great head that one great year went to the stand-up finals.
And since then, it's just like what happens with everything else.
They destroyed and tear it down.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Nobody cares.
It's pound 5, 60 on the 18th.
Just like they don't care about that story from Gooth Creek South Carolina.
People ought to be screaming bloody murder about that.
You ought to be scared, schmittless man.
This is going on in America.
They're coming in with your guns drawn and your kids,
or your auntie if it was your kids in their school.
And they did it. You people would be foaming at them out.
You'd be frothing right now. You'd be rabid.
You'd be doing rabbis.
Here's a call from Jupiter. Hello?
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir.
Another one of your trucking buddies?
All right.
And I just want to call the state, but later happy birthday.
Thank you. Happy birthday to me.
When's that?
Today, sir.
Oh, today is your birthday. Well, let's give this guy a little something.
Thank you, sir.
Have a happy, pal.
You too.
And if your smarts stay off the road.
Okay. Good luck.
Well, at least for bastards, I'll say it again.
You people I have to drive, we're living.
Like you limo drivers out there.
Oh, man.
You know, anybody can make a mistake.
Anybody can be a few minutes late.
I'm not a perfectionist.
I don't expect I understand people have problems on the road.
The airport's all messed around.
But, but don't be giving me a song and an answer about how you got all the way up there to bokeh in 35 minutes.
While I was standing there, a curb peeing in my pants, waiting to see if I was going to have to walk home to plantation.
Probably could use the exercise, but not a good idea.
God almighty, Ken.
I, in fact, pick up rumor while you're at it.
Even he wouldn't ride with you no more.
Although for free, he might.
No tip.
56670560.560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Pompano. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I came to God.
You're a little guy.
The one?
The computer.
I shall.
Okay.
You agree with the guy?
You go back to Canada.
Okay. Yeah.
I probably shouldn't be left.
I'll see now that you can't this crowd.
You can never please him.
Because George is always saying, oh, they like when you heard better because you're more aggravated here.
So now I'm here. I'm more aggravated now.
Go back to Canada. You're so negative.
See, see what I'm saying?
He can't wait.
It's a catch 22 with a South Florida audience.
They're all been and pissed off and fired up.
Like Mark.
Like Mark.
He was number 22 and we get that straight down.
We did.
And Troy Stradford was 23.
Right.
And still has the big ball spot.
You're okay now.
Troy gave us a check for band of pepper rescue this morning, along with fat boy and John Juris.
And who else?
Somebody else did, I think.
Then we get three, four.
See, wait until I came back into town so they could impress me and stick it right in my hand and the checks to here.
You go, Neil.
Didn't Clarence give us one.
Clarence, he, well, he, yeah, he's thinking about it.
5, 6, 7, oh boy, this is brutal today, man.
This is absolutely brutal.
I may have to go to my bedtime stories.
I got a pile.
I don't want to.
I want to converse.
I want to have verbal intercourse with my good post-personal friends out there in media land after almost 30 years.
And this is what we get.
Critiques.
Oh, you're so negative, you're such a son of a bitch.
Yeah, and what's your point?
But I can't turn it off.
And you won't turn it off.
That's the best part.
Under no circumstances, when you turn it off, and we all know that.
You're glued to it right now.
In fact, you're squeezing yourself just with excitement from the fact that I'm even dignifying you by talking about that call that guy before.
What is it?
12, 11, at 5, 60, QM ad dog at 2, boy.
He's going to be sour today.
Wow, he is going to be just, you talk about bad smelly diarrhea.
He is going to be in a real nasty mood, even worse than my aunt.
Speaking of diarrhea, whether you're on the Atkins diet, South Beach diet, sugar brothers or busters or any other, they're low carb diets.
Here's a store that you're going to fall in love with.
In fact, I just got a note from our good friends, Alan and Lewis at the delights.
And there's a whole new list of great items for you low carb diners in stock, for example.
Individual sized cheesecakes and four flavors.
They have a cup of soup.
All you do is add water, microwave, stir, and enjoy.
Great way to have a low carb meal at work.
Control carb brownies.
Jeff's chocolate and vanilla egg creams with less than one carb.
And last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no malt at all.
Thank God, because speaking of B.M.s, you can have a good healthy one.
They have flaxo meal granola with no malt at all.
Judy's low carb peanut brittle.
I can't wait to try that someday if I live long enough.
Blitz stoked mints.
Champion light drinks are back in five delicious flavors.
Simply low carb bread with stevia instead of like sweet and low.
Uniquely delicious taste.
And La Nuba jams jam on it, baby, and seven gourmet flavors.
And thousands of other great items for your low carb diet.
That's Delights of West Booker, where you can try any product in the stir before you buy it.
And we're all at Kins Products, or on sale today.
All day airbie day even veterans day tomorrow, seven days a week.
They're open daily 10 to 10 on the Northeast corner of Glades Road and 441 next to Boston Market.
You can call, give more info on Delights at 1-877 Low carb, L-O-W-C-A-R-B,
or on the web you'll find them at lowcarb.com.
If you're on one of them low carb diets in your desert for something with some taste for a variety,
this is a place you'll find them.
Delights of West Booker, your official Atkins retail center.
I'm not even low.
This is sports radio flagship.
You am.
BF.
Sarah, what's the matter?
Oh, Judy, I just found out.
Michael has heart on.
Oh no.
I just don't know what to do.
Well, when Shirley's boyfriend had one, he went to the heart on treatment center of America.
Heart on treatment center?
Yeah, it's a place where they teach men how to wake up small and uninterested.
Do you think they could help Michael?
They were very kind and caring when they looked at his boner.
He doesn't even watch the USA channel at night anymore.
The heart on treatment center of America, helping so many Americans through their hardship.
Brought on by Big Boots and so many Erasmus videos.
Please call today.
Don't get excited.
You're not alone.
The heart on treatment center of America.
Cold water standing by.
Trump's 17.
I'm trying to think of a word for you, Scott.
And the word I just popped in my mind was incompetent.
5667.0560.560 on the 18 and 10 horizon.
I wish ethnic or racial group is most protective or paranoid about its own.
Its own pickle.
Black's 152.
How's it going, Miriam?
Them preachers, man.
They're sticking up for you.
If he was white, they wouldn't have two words to say about that bitch.
I'll tell you that right now.
If Miriam were white.
Oh yeah, get that bitch out.
But because she's black, therefore it's some kind of a racist conspiracy that the governor and everybody else wants to fire her ass.
She's incompetent.
Don't you people get it?
No, no.
Jews 103.
Cuban 61.
Muslims 14 Italians 4.
And Eric never put the other ones on it because you're not talking to him.
And don't, don't do it.
You're having enough problems just to do anything extra.
Just sit there and look stupid.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60.
And now one call about that story in Goose Creek South Carolina about them that drug rate in the school.
Not one.
And I guarantee everybody in this audience has seen that they showed it 50 million times over the weekend.
CBS, CNN, MSNBC.
All of these things.
Oh well, you know, we got to clean up them drugs.
Drugs are bad.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Miami, when is this?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Speaking.
Sorry about that.
So, Mike, I'm calling about, uh, uh, I want to talk about that school thing too.
That was just disgusting, especially since they found nothing.
Yeah.
You know, and the other thing is Neil about that cartel up there in Washington.
I mean, how are they controlling our media?
I don't get it.
You know, they didn't want to show.
They're controlling it because Michael Powell is the chairman of the FCC.
And because they're holding over their heads that if they want to go and play fast and lose buying up all the TV and radio stations and newspapers, they'd better go step right along, which is why CBS canceled the Reagan in the series, and which is why you get one version of the news.
Yeah.
You know, we complain about all those third world countries that pushed by the media.
Right.
And we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, we're, I mean, not me.
I'm not following because I knew everything from the beginning.
Well, if you look, if you look on our website today, we got a great story by Scott Milford, speakers say media beer, some blame for the war in Iraq and they're absolutely correct.
Oh, no, that is absolutely right.
I told everybody, all my friends, all my right wing Republican friends, all these fascists.
Neil Nazis, that this was this war was about oil and money.
Right.
You must have heard that from me.
Right.
And you know what?
I'm, I've got a good idea for a bumper.
It's like an afford to do it.
But Clinton lied.
Nobody.
I bush died.
Soldiers died.
There you go.
In peace, the son of gun right now.
In peace, the son of a bitch right now.
You got it.
Yeah, I had a great day.
Miss leading an incomplete reporting by media news outlets help President Bush, the American to war with Iraq.
Speaker said Friday during the opening session of a three day national conference on media reform at UW Madison.
This war could never have taken place without the complicity of the news media.
It's a John Stauber author and founder of the Center for Media and Democracy group that speaks to expose corporate and the media that sold this war doesn't want to examine how they did it.
Which is why we put that link.
I think we got a lot of hits on that thing too on that CBC thing on a conspiracy theories.
Andy Goodman, host of Pacific Radio's Democracy Now program said war would stop if media outlets showed images of injured and dead Iraqi civilians, including children.
As often as they showed images such as the toppling of a large statue of Saddam Hussein draped with that American flag.
Goodman also fall to the media and US government for failing to tally Iraqi casualties.
She quoted Secretary State Colin Powell as once having justified this by explaining that the military doesn't count enemy deaths.
I don't consider a little dead Iraqi girl or boy on the ground.
My enemy Goodman said in front of about 1600 people in the great hall of the Memorial Union on campus.
The conference said, consumer advocate and former Green Party presidential candidate Ralph Nader was a part of this as well.
But there you go.
The American media sucks. Magnum mistake about, oh that's right, I'm being negative again now.
And of course, you know, that guy that called before wake up before it's too late, you moron.
The CBC tape that I played not once but twice.
Where did that come from? Canada A. They've Canada participating in the Iraq attack?
No, they did not. They had the balls to say no way.
When your friends are right, you help them out. When your friends are wrong, you say no thanks, you're wrong. You're making a mistake.
Jesus, God, these America first do these mindless automatons want to be manipulated by the God they corrupt government for the benefit of beck telling a hell of Britain, all the other money grabbers out there.
You got to be a crazy person man. You got to be a masochist.
And that's why the Bush people are able to do it because the media keeps spoon feeding the public and because the masses out there most of them are morons.
Most of them are like from South Carolina, North Carolina, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisiana.
Who the hell is that one ball per other quarter back on the hercones? What else is name that bad Berlin, Brock Berlin.
Have you ever heard him talk? No. I mean, he should have been on that pool we did last week.
We also left off Bush Davis. We left him off that pool. Dueling Rednecks, Bush Davis. Brock Berlin, he's from Louisiana. He talk live this and he can't play for Schmidt but other net.
That's America for you man. It's mostly a bunch of Dueling Rednecks and the rest of us are all painted as a bunch of commy-pink ol' liberal fags which you're partly right.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Okay, Neil, how you doing, man? Okay, sir. All right. Listen, I love your show either way if you're in a bad mood or not.
I'm in a great mood. I'm in a fine mood. I know, but I saw the show. It's just pickled a pickled adet to be here. I got a question for you. Can you please play that song that's often sung the losers?
I started the show with that. I'll play it again. I'm sorry. I just tuned in, my man. I'll play it at one o'clock. How's that? Thank you, sir. And get rid of George.
Oh, we got rid of him this week. I thought we were going to like upgrade but it turns out we got Scott 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 on the AT and T. We got a lot of calls on there. I mean, a lot of open lines.
A lot of open lines on his board on a Monday and my first day back in town. So I don't have to make me want to stick around here too long. I'll tell you that.
350 votes on a pool, which I think a racial group is the most protective or paranoid about its own blacks 159, Miriam, Jews 109, 109 as in PT 109, Cuban 64, Muslims 14, Italians 4, only four grease balls. Here's Miami Beach. Hello.
Maybe not. Okay. I just want to comment on that. Stopped Caroline with the cops. Yeah. I was just a bait. My wife's out of town and she came back in the town. I told her what happened. What I thought I and we put on the local news. I thought,
but everything seems to be blown off locally. No big deal. You know, the next thing I'm wondering, they're going to not come in front door in my house and just bash it. Oh, just looking. Just looking.
So just just amazed and dismayed and disturbed by the whole thing. Now, the worst part of it is the way the public sits back and nothing shocks them anymore. They've been desensitized to the point of matter. What the crap goes on? It's like, oh gee, well, that's pretty interesting. Yeah. And everything's okay now. All of a sudden it's okay.
Yeah. Very, very. Be afraid. Okay. Okay. Piling in there. See under the bed. You know, they got the what? Yeah. Look. Here's a call from Miami. When is this? Where are we going? Where are we going? He can be in a dress. But you know, give me an address.
Yes. Five, six, and I get paid a lot more than you. I get paid more than one paycheck, pal. And you're going to make it two years. How do you like that? Loser. Don't worry about what I get paid. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, buddy? Okay. I actually wanted to get your opinion on what happened in California with 22. My little girl that was taken to the hospital drowning and she was for not dead in 40 minutes later. Police officers are moving. Yeah. It's a damn good thing they didn't enjoy in the dumpster like they usually do.
Yeah. This is exactly why I don't trust doctors. They reminded me of something from passions. You know, like Luis, he was underwater for about six hours. He came back up and they just tapped him on a chest of you. Oh, it looks like he'll be okay. What I didn't hear was during those 40 minutes when she was obviously alive. Where the parents notified that maybe she's. I have no idea. I didn't spend a lot of time on that story. And I'm saying she's alive. She'll be fine. Okay. Well, take it easy. And you're right. Dr. Suck. Drs. Blow. For the record, the show is a lot better when you're.
Angle. So whatever I can do to piss you off. Just let me know. Okay. Thanks. Keep talking. It'll do it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on you. We like it when you're pissed off. Cause then we can share our misery with you. We feel that we've succeeded in making you as miserable as the rest of us here in this festering toilet. All the way to work this morning. It's peeing and peeing and peeing and peeing. I'm thinking is it is November already? Does the rainy season ever end? No. No. Mo. Used to be like, you know, July and August were really bad. But no. Mo.
No. No. No. Rain's air be God them day. No. 180 degrees. We've got the God them. Mosque is the size of bowling balls. I got a cool problem. But I. Well, I had a little cool problem on my patio. Really. Well, do they have very distinctive footprints? In fact, there was an article in the Herodius in the front page about raccoons. Did you see it, of course, not? No. And about how some people feed them and encourage them. It about how a lot of them got rabbi's. They're Jewish coins. And.
And they leave it like when it rains. You can see the footprints out there. And you know, just probably come in and drink it out of the pool or like sniffing around the barbecue or whatever. They get big and nasty. But now that I have no more dogs, I made sure I got all my screens like fixed in there, my door and a whole deal. And they're not going to come in no more. No more coins in my hood. 27 past noon at 560 WQM. If you're really working at a crappy job and if your paycheck is like like that other guy that called me a little while ago, it's worried about my check. If your check isn't even worth the cashing, it's so small.
Here's the answer for you. Call our good friends at Fast Train Tool-free 1-866-FAST-TRAIN. They can have your train insertify for a high-paying computer network professional career or a high-paying medical computer specialist career in as little as four months. That is correct. Your ears will work in right. You can be fully trained ready for a great new career and a big paycheck that goes along with it in just four short months. And Fast Train offers you day evening weekend classes. They have job placement assistants and financial aid for people who qualify too.
For soft-loader locations like I always tell you this might be a fast train close by where you live. So no more excuses. Say goodbye to your dead end job. Say goodbye to that schmuck boss ears with a big smile on your pussy. Hey, I'm going to go out and give me some skill and a real job. Call Fast Train. You can check them on the web first at fastrain.com. And when you make that call, be sure and tell them that Todd Dreck suggested you make the call they will pee in their pants. Call toll-free 1-866-FAST-TRAIN.
My and local career sports radio 560's you a you a.m.
I've broken through a bedroom window.
And 5-8M to get my wick.
And what I did I do was criminal. But that it doesn't do if you play for the fish.
I guess my girlfriend forgot to tell me.
That is not a bitch, but someone else is wild.
A friend.
A servant of the most beautiful bee that helps him.
And I found out when it changed me with a knife. Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see.
You go, Cecil.
She'd be in bed with her whole bed.
And that's the best part of me.
You don't feel me now.
Don't worry, that's what they need. They need Cecil Collins back.
I'll turn him around. Hey, Ricky, give me the ball. Give me the ball, Ricky.
Was that pathetic or what?
When you got tackled by the dreadlocks in that one play, I just about peed in my pants. That was so great.
It was. And what did you get about the minus ADR's Russian? Whatever the hell number you got. 14 was on one play.
You can't run against them. And once that the genius that he is says before the oh, we're gonna run them.
We're gonna go back. We're gonna run Ricky right down their throats.
The league in Russian physics. The second half of the season we're gonna be we're gonna be a bunch of running fools.
Yeah, you're gonna be running all right right back to Chicago, Dave. You're gonna be running right out of town.
It's gonna be great when the jets come in and deal them their death blow.
Won't that be something because now that I got the Chad back, the man couldn't believe well, that was the Schmidt ball out there in Oakland yesterday.
It was. That was pretty it was like, oh no, we don't want to you take it. No, we don't want to run our losing record.
It's like the giant game the week before.
And I was awfully nice.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT. What is this thing? Somebody just faxed me cross dressing teens from a Harvey Milk High School
offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be Johns by pretending to be cops versus at last night.
This is from the New York Daily News. The boys all passing the solves off his ladies of the evening took money in credit cards from at least six men.
This is from the Harvey Milk High School for fax. Five youths were arrested yesterday in the scam which cops they went like this.
The students from the Astroplace High School for Gays and Lesbians promised men cruising the village various sex acts for money.
Once the men stopped the students flashed fake NYPD badges and handcuffs and told the Johns they were undercover vice cops.
In one case the youths brandished a gun. The team pushed them in against Walls handcuffed them and took their money credit cards and bank cards.
They also demanded the person lie D number for the bank credit cards.
We keep guns. Yeah, organized. Once they had the vatables the teens typically would say, oh you're not such a bad guy let them go.
Now that I got your goods, so to speak.
The robberies began October 5th when a 24-year-old man was hustled on Greenwich Avenue by a pair of teens in drag who would do twelve hundred bucks from his eight his account.
The last robbery took place early yesterday when three teens stole eighty five bucks from man on West 16th Street.
How do you like that? Gerald Kimberly Howard 17 was wearing a red wig with blonde highlights and a bright red sweatshirt and had handcuffs and police scanner with him when he was busted sources set.
They said the piece was even better than mose.
Howard began to blab sources set in last night cups that arrested four more Harvey Milk students were being held on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.
How do you like that? You got to give him a hand at to him and the pin too.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We'll solve the problems in the world right here today before two o'clock. I guarantee you that.
Don't mistake about it. Just like Mike Segal. Here's Tamarack. Hello.
Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I called about something else, but since you did mention Dave wants that. I've got a 10 year old niece. Well, grand niece, but I want to learn her being coached by him for hot Scotch.
We only have one thing to say today wants that. Bye bye. Bye. Beyond that. Yes. You're talking about George W. Bush. I'll tell you what really kept me off to the fact that he's a low life sock.
As they say in Texas, yes, not a compliment. That is when he said, oh, that banner about mission accomplished. Well, that was those boys. I still have to cut my mission accomplished yet, but they feel it. There's he's bad freaking news. He's having American style daily, man. They're making it proud.
Oh, that was great. I told you, talk about 600 calls, but I tell you what's in why you get to do a really good one. Here's one of the most chronic factors of them all. I love your show. Listen to me. Also happy to be Republican who lows in fears. Bush. Good. However, just want to remind you Canada's what is it is today because it's fortunate enough to share land space with the US. What kind of defense been? Well, what is that? What's going on right now? That's great. That's history. Our salvation army can kick their ass, but who would threaten them with the proximity of the US? Love your show. By the way, I'm not sure.
Republican Congress and Democratic president are the key. Oh, yeah. There you go. Sure. Whatever the hell you say. I say a third party is the key. That's the answer. Real party. In fact, a very wise guy. I used to work in this building once told me what we need is a new party.
Rest in peace. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T in Verizon. You know, they got the what? Yeah, look wireless line. Here's a call from plantation, which is usually not good. Hello.
You can pay the money. See there. What I tell you? What did I tell you? Psychic powers again. The whisperer plantation. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. Hey, we need about media diversity.
These people are worried about the panthers, coaches, stuff. We've got state run television, state run news, rush limbaugh on 400 channels. What's going on? And what are you going to do about it? What's who going to do about it?
They actually see came out with saying low power radio stations for diversity to. Yeah, forget about it. That's just the window dressing. Yeah, that's bull crap. Right. That's how low power light.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
what is going on in this world? this world?
is a place that doesn't have a network of provincial operators to cross each other
all these Engineering services can be
He had people jumpy when they heard of Fart.
Monday morning went to get some ammo.
Tuesday he goes shooting with his son.
When say they get busted by the phone.
They found a gun.
Mike Burmohamed, part of a psychopath.
And we will be happy till he's in the chair.
I am here.
Pro 44, that must be another racial thing.
I would imagine 391 votes on it, which I think a racial group is most protective or paranoid
about its own people.
Blacks 180, Jews 120, Cuban 71, Muslim is 15, Italians 5, and Eric refuses to put the other
ones on it.
Because he's busy having brunch.
He's busy and you didn't call him up like I told you to.
I don't call him.
He's been doing such a great job getting this stuff on here.
And if you haven't seen the double weapon of mass destruction countdown yet without President
say you better take a puke at it today.
It walks, it talks, it moves, it moves it slips.
And if them lips don't look just like precious.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T line.
Here's Kendall.
Hello.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Hey, you're the voice of reason, it's time for first time call.
All right.
I just, I have to talk a lot of times you mentioned things but upstate New York.
In 1979, I was playing against the Rochester Red Wing.
I played in Charleston.
Yes, sir.
You remember Winkeren Chickie's play for UM?
Yeah.
I used to do UM games, you respect.
Yes, sir.
Well, he was on that team and that night it was opening night.
He took, he saw me and he took me out to a place called the Winfield Grill on Wickham
Road.
You ever go there?
Never heard of it.
Okay, it was a hot spot back then.
Right.
I met a girl then.
It was 79 and she's one of my girlfriend ever sent her.
We did.
I was going up there for 24 years and she was right down the road from Mendenton Park
on Clover Street.
Yes.
I've heard you mentioned Mendenton Park before.
Sure.
Yeah, but I guess every time you mentioned something from up that way, I know that area
pretty good now from going up there for so many years.
I guess, like I said, and that's something else you've mentioned before.
Toronto.
We were up there about a year and a half ago and I went to the hockey hall of fame there
in Toronto.
It had a great time, fantastic time.
Well, that's a hockey town, man.
It's people where people really, you know, they're into what it's a religion.
Well, like I said, it's first time car and I enjoy listening to you mentally and keep
up a good work.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
Have a great day.
Okay.
Bye-bye.
See you at the Vick and Irves.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
See you at the 12 corners.
Monroe Avenue and Wynton Road, baby.
See you at 123 for Weenah Drive in Brighton, New York.
What?
The way you just rattle off these names.
That's why you still live when I was a kid.
I can even give you the phone number.
Monroe 5, 7, 7, 0, M. You'd see you don't remember when you'd have prefixes with letters.
No, not at all.
I remember dial phones, rotary phones.
Yeah, well, when years old is I am, remember when Bill made that first call.
Mary had a little lamb, but seriously, we used to have prefixes, you know, like in New
York, they had 85 million prefixes.
And our number was Monroe 5, 7, 7, 0, M.
Wow.
How do you like that?
How do that work?
How do what work?
Prefixes like that.
All right, what was the prefix?
Monroe, what would be the prefix?
M-O-M.
M-O.
Mo.
Don't you understand it?
Mo was the prefix.
Monroe would be like the first.
No, no.
Yeah.
No, no.
Monroe 5, 7, 7, 0, M.
Give it a call now, maybe somebody's going to answer the phone.
Maybe the yellow answer the phone, but I doubt it.
You don't get paid enough through that.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T.
Yeah, why do you like Canada so much?
Why do you like Toronto so much?
Why are you such a goddamn set of a bet?
Because I feel like it.
Because I feel like it.
How do you like that?
Because I say what the hell is on my mind.
That's what they pay me the big bucks for.
In fact, they like me so much.
Sometimes they try to pay me twice.
Did you hear that scam before?
We're duff trying to bring me to check, Miguel.
Brow me a check.
I already got paid Friday at 12.
I said I paid the day early Friday.
It brings me in another check.
And I did not accept it because I'm an honest guy.
Plus they would have caught it anyway.
If I'd have thought they wouldn't have caught it.
I said, hey, sure no problem.
Well, no, they're going to catch it anyway.
And then they're going to think, oh my god,
we got a scam artist working here.
You know?
I mean, if it was you, sure you'd take it
because you couldn't pay peanuts anyways.
You can afford to steal it.
But with me, I can't do that.
I got it's making my kind of money.
Just ask Rimmer and Mitchell, I'll tell you.
They just have a lot of money.
Here's a call from Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Boy, you're just a trip man.
The way you look like that, you know,
how many of you wrote things out?
It's great.
Yeah, it is.
What kind of phone are you in, man?
Sounds like it's underwater.
Is that better?
That's a little better.
Yeah, it's crappy phone.
I take the phone back and tell them to stuff it.
Yeah, a piece of junk AT&T motor.
Oh, it's a work phone company.
It's a little better now.
It's clearing up a little bit.
Just like Scott's complexion, little.
I wanted a reference to the thing that you
told last week with the CBC.
Yes.
I went this weekend to the website and I actually
put it out a bunch of stuff from there.
I went with, I had a family gathering on Saturday evening, so I went on and, you know,
showing people all this information.
And my family, yeah, they're pretty bright and they're pretty open to things.
But you know, they had the capacity to say to me,
that I've never got all of this up.
Yeah.
I didn't make this up.
I put it up from the CBC website.
They said, we don't believe one word of this.
You must be out of your mind.
Oh, yeah, right.
I said to them, I said, well, I'm going to just, you know, near a car on Monday and try
to find out if you could either do one of two things.
One, see if you could put the audio up on the website or if you could possibly play
that the whole thing for us and let us know.
Well, again, I played it again on Friday.
I'm not going to play it every day.
That would kill an easy hour.
I'm not going to do that.
All right.
Well, what do you mean?
They don't believe it.
What do they think they came from?
You just made it up?
Exactly.
They said it.
Yeah, sir.
Sir, listen, you're spinning your wheels.
Don't waste your time.
OK, consider the source, you know.
There's an old saying where there's no sense.
There's no feeling.
Well, I'm glad that we have a good time to give us that money.
Me too, because I need the money.
Thanks a lot, pal.
Have a great day.
See you around, eh?
Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60.
Go, leave school, baby.
Let's see who we playing tonight.
Oh, that's right there on the West Coast now.
This turn at 60 Road Trip.
Who are they starting with?
Mighty Ducks, I believe.
Uh-oh.
When is that game?
I don't really care.
I don't want to know.
Scary.
No, actually, they have played better than I thought they would at this point.
They have tied Jersey again, Friday and beat Edmonton, four to one.
McGilley tried to give the puck to what a kid Matt's stage in there for the empty head goal.
If you see that, yeah, and his pass, unfortunately, a stage it was getting checked.
His pass lit into the net.
Nice going.
Number 89, man.
McGilley is so underrated.
He's so great.
He is just, he's a pleasure to watch.
We've been watching him for years, following him for years.
Yeah, 76 goals with the Sabers about 100 years ago.
And he's still great.
Anybody know who that is?
No, sorry, sorry, Mr. 401 votes on there and the dark folks seem to be walking away with it today.
They seem to be a step ahead of the Jews.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
I just wanted to like give you a job like Mike Moore's book.
It was great.
It was right phenomenal.
It is.
You got to read the Frankenboy.
I got it in my apartment up there.
I'll read one and get back.
I'm reading right now the David Corn book, The Lies of George W. Bush.
But just for your reader, mean three to listeners, that it's just like easy to read and...
Well, that's good for this crowd.
That's really...
Exactly.
But everyone should check it out.
The lies and the liars and all that air and culture and that's a big bitch.
Okay, pal, I'll get on as soon as I get back.
I vote.
Thanks.
Here's the fact that says, oh, no, this is bad.
The Sunsental must think that you dark folks all look the same because rookie award may
be Willis and the picture they have of Don Trail Willis is really one peer.
Look at it even.
I know that.
I don't pay much attention to the Marlins.
It is.
There's one peer on the bottom and the article is about Don Trail Willis and it says
Willis under the picture.
You people of the Sunsental, your idiot's okay, you're much of morons.
You would know a goddamn newspaper story if they slid it up time to his ass.
You people of the Sunsental, what a disgrace.
That's another reason this town is full of bozos going, put him up like that, give me
the ball, give me the ball, because there are two newspapers here, suck.
You suck.
Don Trail Willis, my fat old Yidd Fagass, man, it's one peer.
What do you think wraps better?
I'll tell you one thing, you put the hero on the bottom of a bird cage and your bird
will leave home.
We'll fly right out and never come back.
I'm telling you, let me see your bird again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, I tell you the story about my limo driver yet.
On the 18 and 10 and Verizon, hey, you know, I couldn't have made up a better story than
that.
Could I?
No.
First of all, he still thinks some guy picked me up.
To this moment until I gave that story, he didn't even know who to help me home.
I could have walked home.
I could like hitchhiked.
He doesn't know.
He didn't even follow through on it to find out what all happened.
I'll then call on the house and realizing I wasn't there yet and then realizing I'd
never called him back.
So I must have been pretty pissed off, which is why he emailed me just before the show
this morning.
Yeah, see why I ate real quick.
Yeah, he covered it big and fat, man.
Plus you got a sour attitude, too, Ken.
I just want to tell you that right now, OK?
I don't want to sound like an in grade, but your attitude is kind of like sour after,
especially after coming back from Europe that long nine and a half hour flight, which
thank God I don't do no more.
He had to go to Boca.
Took him.
He got there in 35 minutes.
How do you like that?
I was going to say I'd take Motivision or Parker some.
Yeah, I probably had to take Motivision or BagChange joint.
Yeah.
They had to clean out his bag.
I hope he had to stand there and sniff it.
Oh, no.
Do you see Carl Gablesitz is on there?
You know, you know what that's going to be?
Yep.
Another one of those.
Here's Carl Gablesitz predictable.
Hello.
How are you doing?
Pretty good.
I wanted to let you know, I'm leaving the country tomorrow and I wanted to thank you for
all the years of a fine program from here.
This is a real call from Carl Gablesitz.
It's rare.
I can't believe it.
Well, I'm not a, you know, I moved in California three years ago.
I think I lost up there with fate when I did that.
Yeah, that was a bad move.
Yeah, well, I see it's so bad I have to not only need the state, I have to meet the
country.
So, uh-huh.
That's also a good move.
Well, hopefully, you know, the United States Socialist Public or USSR is becoming a bit interesting.
But I figured out, my job has to fund somewhere else and just look out from the, you know,
look out in it's rather more fun.
Just find your lookout.
Thank you so much for all the years.
You've been the best, Neil.
Yes, I have been.
I mean, you used to be pretty good.
Have a great day.
Paddy, good luck to you.
Have a great life.
I used to be really good once upon a time.
I mean, that was when I was younger when I was an old daughtering angry fart.
About 30 years ago, I was pretty good.
Then I came here and then look what happened.
Oh my God.
And I'm, and has happened wild diarrhea.
And my mother calls up to tell me, don't drink diet so it'll give you wild diarrhea.
If you'd worry a lot less about my mom's mom, life would be a hell of a lot better.
Your blood pressure would go down 40 points.
I'm serious.
That's, that's it.
90.
When you read her autobiography, 90 years of squeezing it, it's, it's going to be incredible.
Yeah, your brother last week.
And my brother four days visiting mom and didn't have a good, didn't have any B.M.
Till the fourth day.
See, so I get a report on everybody in my family.
Do you get that?
Anybody tell you about their bowel movements?
No.
Well, that's what you're missing, you see?
Thankfully.
I would tell them, listen, another family, they stayed there a little bit more up front
with each other, a little bit more honest.
I come from the Italian household.
They talk about their gallbladder surgery.
Oh, well, I don't have my gallbladder no more.
Although, you want me to tell you about my surgery?
It was my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
my leg, my leg, my leg , my leg, my leg, my leg, my leg, my leg doll, my leg, my leg, my leg doll, my leg doll my leg
30 June Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Don't bet on them you'll always lose
They don't know how to tackle
They don't know how to block
Their coaches ought to tell them to
Put them day in their jocks
And they would run much faster
And even in defeat
When we go to the stadium
We'll see Miami heat
And they're the Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number
How many teams in the way?
32 Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
The team that hasn't got a clue
Miami has the dolphins
But the dolphins have no fans
Just 50,000 assholes
Sitting in the stands
They watch the game and all they do
Is moan and gripe and bitch
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be
So goddamn rich and they're the
Miami Dolphins
Oh!
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number
How many teams in the league?
God you do!
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
I hear the crowd begin to boo
Boo, boo, boo, boo
The dolphins have J. Feedler
That quarter backs at you
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you
Or he'll never win a super bowl
You shouldn't be surprised
When he gets cut that doesn't mean
That he was circumcised in there
The Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number
How many teams in the league?
Pity two
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
J. calls his signals in Hebrew
Oh!
Oh!
The dolphins have no defense
And their offense is a joke
Like George Bush eating pretzels
You know they're gonna choke
They'll always disappoint you
When they're in a playoff race
With fewer points than Pac-Marx
On high zingas ugly face in there
The Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins number
Oh, what the hell?
32
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Miami Dolphins
Now they're through
Miami Dolphins
102-560 WQM boy today
Sucker what huh?
They are brutal
Awful
Embarrassing humiliating
I would say I'm taking a three other games
The 62 to 7 loss to Jacksonville playoffs
Few years ago
And then their I remember what season was
But at the end of the year they were playing the bills
The end of the season they played the bills the last game
Before the playoffs and just got blown out and then they went up to Buffalo when it's snowing got blown out again
And the opening round the playoffs
Few years ago they didn't make any see this isn't a sports show
So I haven't had a look on your face like oh wow, I don't remember you know, it was does make a difference what year was
I remember when they got blacked out during a playoff game right against the Colts and they couldn't sell it out
That's right when it's out
This is such a great football town. We couldn't saw it a playoff game. Is that embarrassing or what huh?
And I mean it doesn't make any difference
But it's just the idea the reason you enjoy it is because when you're rooting for another team the people here take it so hard
Because that's that's like the Marlins with the world series. You know how fast that disappeared
When the people taking the baseball camps back to Kmart for refund well, we went to the parade now
Can we have our money back? You know like we're never gonna go again
And we're certainly not gonna go to any games because my cost is some money
So that like Vanne said that's history
But they take it like oh aren't we blast down here Jim aren't we curse down here Jim like the whole quality of life
Is she was based on the successor failure of your sports teams?
Well, I'll tell you one thing if that's the case for last 36 years Toronto must must be a cesspool
You know what what how would I want to be there?
For last 36 years any cups no any chance no it ain't here
What's that that's why you're not here?
That's why go Toronto it ain't here. Oh, I see that's that's a
Good reason I'd go to like your Rondakoy because it's not here
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a 8 I'd go to T neck New Jersey because it's not here
I go to tenor fly I go to Englewood. How do you like that? That's desperate
Here's Hollywood hello
I'd go to Trenton Hollywood
Not there not there here's Boka hello
Boka
What is the deal with these phones with these calls?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello
Neil yes, sir. How's it going? Okay good good. I want to tell you a couple comments
Number one boarding for call on mine. Whoever hasn't seen it go out and rent it right now. It's a great movie
Have you seen it? Yes
Number two, I want to say thank you because I checked out the website
Over the weekend and saw some of the info from
CBCC B.C. Yeah, it was totally I mean, I was a little bit
I wouldn't be sure about it, but I kept on reading you know, it sounded like you know stuff that the government would want to say no
Stuff that sounded somewhat true. I'm a lot more informed. We've got him. Yeah, it's not so much. True. It's all documented
It's not like somebody pulled it out of a hat or just made it up
And especially the part about the government trying to hide all the information classifying it all it's uh, um, you know
We can find more information like that or not
Where you can find more while I read some books to be good like go on our website and you'll see a whole list
The books you ought to be reading like the al-frankin book and the david corn book and the molly ivens book
And the michael more book since he mentioned bowling for column buying the new michael more dude wears my country
That's what you ought to be reading which are read 20 pages or 30 pages on the air
That's what you ought to be doing pal read do some reading don't believe that out of the media and sure as I don't believe your government
They're having a subpoena the white house the the committee that they appointed to investigate 9-11
They're having a subpoena the the records that the white house refuses to turn over
You don't know my answer. It's like and the media continues to pass along stuff and you listen to what you think
You people must think we're all morons like with Arnold while Arnold said that once the election was over
He would investigate these allegations against him
Have you ever heard of anything so ludicrous in your life
He's gonna get a private investigation going of the charges against him
That would be like Ted Bundy sin
Well, I don't really know remembering of that but I'm gonna I'll connect it
It's like oh Jay saying he's gonna investigate the murders of Ron and Nicole same thing
He's gonna investigate is it is if he doesn't know whether we did all these things or not Arnold
And the media reports it like oh this makes sense don't don't you understand he's gonna investigate it
What
Like Hitler's gonna investigate whether those people really died or not
Well, wait for that. Yeah, but I'm just as an example. I mean how can anybody be so stupid as to believe that
How could the media be so irresponsible as to put it in those terms?
Well, you know, he's he told Tom Broca. He's gonna investigate it once the election is over
The
Right it would be like Bubba saying oh, I'll investigate about those blow jobs. I'll conduct an investigation
Oh, yeah, he's going to haul the dry cleaners
What a joke man. What are freaking joking?
By the way little jury you can send at facts eight million times. I don't look at it
Not interested. You're an idiot and thanks for listening to that top-rated show in the USA
In the world in the universe
5670560. No, this is see this is a guy used to send with little squeaky writing for years and years every single day
You're an idiot. You're out of your mean. You're nasty and now he tries
He's got something a new deal
But I have to do is he'd like one word on the facts. You know who it is. He sends it over and over again
So no, do we have to take his radio? We got to take his facts machine now, too
No, we just have to take him into burn his ass
Oh, right with a lighter with a big lighter of be good just stick it in their real deep back to him
5670560 pound five 60 maybe just singed it a little bit first on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes
Yes, my name is Alex. Now I'm from Miami me. Hey, yeah, uh-huh
Here's a call from Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil
Is this you sounds like me? Oh man. It's a pleasure sounds like me or my twin brother
I haven't spoke to you since 2000
So I guess that doesn't make me too chronic. I wonder if I had a twin brother if you'd have good ball movements or not
But anyway, go ahead sir. No, it's just you know what you're great. I love listening to you
I've been listening to you. I've had the privilege lately to be out on the road and
You just make fun of them. You're very hilarious. There you go and you're the best man. Look at this is all that it's almost there 130 and there we go
Hey, uh little fucking lot of episodes you had I was just curious. What?
You live in Broward County now or what what episode with the lady with the
The hospital at UV lady giving you the nasty look
I wouldn't say she was hostile, but she was just very ungrateful and the just you know
She couldn't give a crap. It was the unbroward in public
Oh, cuz you know, I just moved from day county to Broward and the difference is unbelievable people
Maybe brutal and Broward, but compared to day county god. It's like a breath of fresh air
Yeah, well day counties are foreign country you take your passport when you cross the border
I have to show my passport of the turnpike thing every morning
I hear you hey, I was wondering cuz you know I didn't have a touch. I was out of the state
And I came back and I know you move on, but you used to
Absolutely correct sir, which I heard today
Absolutely
Correct
That is part of a hilarious bit that I'm not playing the bird's center in no way. Yeah, you never play it
Well for those of us who heard it. It's still a good memory. Keep telling you that that. Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks for the suck job
560560 here. Look at this facts
Ah, so you don't get stuff like that in there just thought I'd chime in oh no, not gonna read it. See it's from the monkey man. Go away
See now that thing I'm here. I'm actually gonna see this stuff. I'm not gonna read it. You don't understand
You're wasting your time just you know, you keep you off the street go right ahead drop pictures
Write 80 million words. I'm not gonna read it
It's just amazing that there are some people it reminds me I saw fatal attraction again last night for the 8 million
time I've seen it many many times
and
It's the same thing. It's like they're bunch of stalkers
And no matter how much you despise them how revolting they are you can't get rid of them. They just refuse to go away
So monkey man go play with somebody else's monkey. Okay get lost. I'm not reading your facts. Look at it your pictures
I'll go find a life would be a good idea
God it's just uh here. See here you go
One letter you don't even need you don't even need to look you don't even need to look at it
But this is part of the South Florida. See why don't extend it the hand of uh anger. So if they don't get in the line they
Oh, absolutely
Yeah, I wish I had absolutely on air, but I don't
A lot of things we don't have in the 360 here that I do up there. You know I'm talking about absolutely. Yeah
11 past one at five sixty WQM
Hey that guy from Rochester before where it was from in upstate New York
How about you? He members of Vickoners because they were doing it right at night since
1934 in Rochester serving up those great dogs and burgers
Vickoners is here in South Florida right now. That's the great news for you folks looking for something new and fresh and delicious and not too expensive
Vickoners on federal highway just south of Barbara Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side
Vickoners is like taking a flash back in time going to the time tunnel to what restaurants used to be before the fast food junk
That's on every street corner right now go into Vickoners enjoy a real burger or dogs served hot fresh and fast
With their amazing signature meat sauce poured on top. That's the big difference and Vickoners is being brought to you in South Florida
By the same guy who feed you cheaper Garchie burger and they use the same fresh 100% ground shock meat as cheaper Garchie burger off
For you an incredible big fat dog. There's nothing like a big fat dog a quarter pound hot dog the biggest piece of meat you've had this week
And of course like I said with that signature meat sauce on there
Just like taking you back through time in the Rochester New York or like in Batavia or in Pukipsi or any of those joints
They also have a great breakfast menu with Vickoners
They got your omelettes cooked order French toast pancakes all your favorite side dishes
So go and see what all the excitement is about check out Vickoners for yourself
They're on federal highway just south of Broward Boulevard and the tunnel on the east side
And be sure and tell them that all cranky neo who used to really be good neo-rodger sent you by to Vickon herbs
Five and the local this is five sixty three is all yours
Q a n
And I guess the diary is better now
My wife took their card at a mall
She drives my viewer can she's three feet tall
I wouldn't ride with her no way
I said I'd need a day later today
So I'm just sitting on a pension del Rey
Waiting for the early best to take me away
Oh I'm just sitting on a pension del Rey
With my friend
I can't wait to tell my change
Because the bus is don't always stay the same
All that gotta do with Gennatels we do
The private highlights she must be insane
Just sitting in resting my bones
When green why my wife won't even alone
We've talked it over that I never win
I just wind up schlepping through the mall again
Oh so I sit on a pension del Rey
Waiting for the early best to take me away
Oh I'm just sitting on a pension del Rey
With my friend Hine
And there he is
About ten times I can reach the old damn greatest rich man
How are you doing?
No thank you
16 at 5.60 WK
You know how many listeners there are of the sports shows on his station
It's all the same people
Here's this New England Paul asshole again
It wasn't bad enough that I ripped him for calling it on a mojo this morning
But now he's faxing me
Don't fax here no mo
Okay, you know England Paul and don't give me a son of an ass because you're a patriot fan
I'm supposed to like you you're chronic you're an idiot
And he gets all bad out of shape if I won't read his faxes on a year
I won't but I will tear them up on you you hear that I like the sound of it excellent idiot
Man old man this this radio station is a cancer it really is
You know I'm talking about this this whole sports nerd thing terminal
It is so freaking ponderous and by the way 10 year friend since he was in here
This morning tell him
Tomorrow expecting to check from his ass. Okay. Now that I'm here
For abandoned pet rescue instead of all that crap
I don't need to hear that
Yeah, tell off we're all to get a goddamn check in here. He can handle it. What do you what do you laugh about?
Well, why are you laughing? Why are you so proud? I don't know if you know Southphila check all that
I'm gonna bring a blank check. I'll fill it out for him. Okay
I'll fill it out
God
And some of these other people around here. I don't want to mention no names making a big bucks from this place
I of course George used all their weight until you come back. I guess he was right
You know try to impress me. I don't want to be impressed. They just want the money for the cats and the dogs mostly the dogs
God
Here's a call from Hylia. Hello
Hylia
Going once
Long gone
Here's Orlando. Hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. I'm called in
Holy year. It's like good
Good
Well, I mean, I mean you're not chronic
Well, so my maybe but last week I listened to your shows every
Time I get a chance the archives and everything
Last week we got about the Reagan movie and CBS
You know pandering and pulling it off they pulled it they pulled it. Yeah
And that guy called you up. I never ripped you or anything never
You're a best in radio, but it got me angry with that guy called up
That you were a hypocrite now
Oh, that was a crank that he was a kid. It's a chronic crank
The condolence of that yeah, why you can't play it and you can't last week
That's not even on your best of CDs right yeah put it on there. That is correct
I thought QAM had nothing to do with your best stuff. They don't help you out or anything
Say what you put on there. That is right. The in that particular case you're correct
Well here's the clanchor see let me tell me try to explain something you and a lot of other people out there
I think that life is so simple
There are people I hate to break the news to you
But there are people out there who would like to use things like that to try to attack this program
My livelihood this radio station and we're not just gonna like hand it over to them say
Oh, well here you go see how much damage you can do so you just like make this stuff go away if you have any brains at all
Oh
So if somebody theoretically I'm not playing me
But if they had a copy of that they wanted to stick it on a file sharing program and spread it about that wouldn't be a good idea
I don't know what do I care thing to do whatever the hell they want
Oh
Why are you so obsessed with that bit what what there is is a make
It's just the principle behind it that you always say what's on your mind you don't back down
Sir say there's a there's a difference though. Don't you understand? There's a difference it was
I work I work for other people who pay my paycheck. Okay. I'm not a network
I don't make decisions like that
I work for other people and they had the final say on what's going to be on a radio station or not
They own the license. Don't you see the difference?
You're still the best in radio. Okay. Have a great day sir. Oh brother round and around and around and around
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello
Brother Reverend Jones now playing his old tapes that's how much he's in him
So and by the way if we ever see it pop it up our part we're gonna stick out the middle of the stretch
As Brian's here is a walley henna-seed come down the stretch. We're gonna stick your ass right in the middle
Here's a call from Miami. Hello
Hello
Miami
Yes
This must be Alex again who called before
Okay, well listen Alex have a great life
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Tamarack. Hello
I can hear you sir. Okay. A couple of things you
As far as the cops would be in the school
You remember the picture of a Nazi with a five year old kid holding a rifle to a kid in Germany. Yeah
It's the same same kind of stuff the kids are laying it with his hands up
All right, the second thing I wanted to talk about is the prisoners of war from the first Gulf war that were tortured
They were pissed upon they were they were
clicked up with the revolvers and everything and they were awarded money
But however the Bush administration says we cannot release the frozen funds from the
With the Iraqi funds because we needed to rebuild the rack right there's not beauty
I just like those great veterans benefits who do such a good job on too
Do you know I just I just donated to the JWV because the guy was standing with a cup. I don't give money to anybody
They're all a ripple of fear Florida
But but the point is they're they have to pay
$8.1 as a combat veteran if they're in the hospital
We're charging our veterans money to be wounded in the hospital right
Unbelievable and we and until I came out of the news until a few weeks ago
We were charging them for meals too. We were trying to pay for their own meals
That's correct
Okay, long time less than I great show always enjoy Zagazone. Thank you
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T by the way those do don't know what that means it's code we speak in code
Here's West Miami. Hello
Neil yes sir. How you doing pretty good?
Uh Neil I know you got a lot of great books on your website and I just finished the terrific book
It's by ex-naval officer Jeffrey Gilbert. I don't know if you've read that book. No never heard of it
Called the American fiction the Uncle Chicken Lexi boy. No
American fiction what
Whatever call his fiction. Yeah
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon
Yeah, he had somebody read him a book called the chicken in the hawk
23 after one at 5 60 WN 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T this great fashion of intellectualism
There's probably another hurricane fan there. That's what he was
It's so sad that some of you out there your whole life revolves around silly ball crab ball crab
Yeah, that's your life is ball crab. Oh give me the ball. Give me the ball. We lost we lost. We got it too. Jim are we cursed out here
Very sad if they would get his emotional about things
They're really counted as they do about kaka then maybe we might actually make some change you know it
Like Michael Jackson would say make that change
But why do they really whipped up to a frenzy about kaka poop
Pisson you got what else one of my misson not much
Here's curl springs hello
Hey, me. I want you okay
All right, I'll know how David is the voices
You did sir. This is the same call you may do him this morning
This is the same call you may do in this morning verbatim
Ah
You see what I mean?
You see what I mean? I may be old and seen all but I'm on the U-assholes out there the same asshole with the same call
How can you be the most of dolphins when everybody thinks Jim Eddie? Oh
Get on life you idiot, you know they got to what yeah look that a boy mo almost enough to take me make me on most side almost not quite
Which ethnic or racial group is most protective or paranoid about its own
I was prompted for that pull again because of Mary elephant of that ridiculous story about those going into churches again
Oh, we got a we got to send emails to the governor. We got to support Miriam. It's a racial thing right sure
Black 211 Jews 140
Oi
Humans 87
Mars one of 17 and Italians only five
And you want to know why to say Italians only five because they don't want to offend their Italian friends. You don't understand it don't you
Very important because otherwise you know what happens. I want to make them an offering
Exactly
Although I do like better than that. You know who I am. I'm Mo Greene. I made my bones when you were going out with cheerleaders
Hey mo
Oh geez
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon on the mad dog at two and he is gonna be pissed off and fired up in suicidal today and probably dump all over Mo as well
Western
Beautiful he was young. She was innocent. She was the greatest piece of acid if I had and I've had them all over the world
Oh
I'm home. What's beginner? Oh hi Homer. We're having chicken. Woo-hoo. Or is it tuna? No
I don't get it. I mean it can sense chicken
But it tastes like tuna. The Jessica Simpsons. It's TV's first animated reality show with two-dimensional
Homer and one-dimensional Jessica. Oh for it get it. Thank you. It's already some puppy-lo-wing
You
I don't eat buffalo
Be silly Jessica. Everybody knows buffalo wings are made from chicken
Like chicken of the sea
Oh the Jessica Simpsons because people this dumb could only be in cartoons
right
Oh, it's being a Homer Simpson. He's got the inside story on Prince Charles
He prefers the company of men who doesn't
130 at 560 WQ a.m. on a great Monday, man
It's a great thing that day to be in South Florida isn't it? No, it's fabulous fabulous
Almost as fabulous as cross dressing
Here's a call from Davie hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir
You know you're about that caller last week, you know who's called you hypocrite. Yeah
Yeah, you're just doing what your bosses are telling you to do and you know you don't lend a radio station
But why do you criticize still Henry for you know for his views
For his views on what you could if that's so Henry for well
Well, wait a minute. What what his views have to do with what that caller was talking about?
He wasn't talking about my views
Because I think he because I think he's sold out that's why because I he wanted answer to the question or not
He wanted answer you just want to keep up up up up up up up up up up up. You don't want an answer
So I'm not gonna waste my time. What what is the comparison between that?
It's like saying when you know you talked about that caller last week and a dollar 75
What huh? Huh exactly
Man old man five six seven get back on your banana boat pal. I'll see it the limo place to the airport
Here's a lady in Weston. Hello. Hello. I think he paints his bald spot. Yes, ma'am. Hey, I got a question for you good
Finally a decent one what happened to the marlins and the president
I mean who is the jerk anyway, but why haven't the marlins been to Washington or why didn't know I can I ask you this question
Yeah, we have American kids who are dying every day in Iraq who should award that you've never been fought
We got kids being threatened at gunpoint by a Gestapo stormtroopers in South Korea in our public school
And you're worried about why the marlins haven't been to the White House? No, I don't really care
5 6 7 0 5 60 what a simple and bitch
Oh my god, that that's unbelievable. That's the thing. She's got to worry about
And you wonder why America's in the state that it is today. I want to say to you lady
You struck you more. Yeah, and that's the nicest thing I can say to you
5 6 7 0 if I say what I'm talking about with the sports thing oh the marlins should be at the White House and the president should be sucking their ass
And it should be given like Gerrit Hall to Jack McKeon and all the study out good stuff. Yeah
Maybe hit maybe he'll stir Jack's whetina for him. Okay
If he's talks realize to him
Here's Miami Lakes. Hello
Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? I'm doing great
Hey, I don't want to change the subject but I know
Well, it's up to we don't have a subject subject is whatever you want unless we don't like it
I thought you'd get a good laugh on knowing that um
Do you you get men's health magazine? No, I sure don't only fags get that
This latest edition lists highly in the top 25 best cities for men to live
Are you kidding me? Yeah, but you got to get it just to check it out
No, I would never buy that magazine. It's bad for my image
Have a great day palae and push up a little will you sweetheart? There's a fact
What you buy men's health magazine? No, of course not only only fags by that magazine
I don't know why he's like I like naked pictures or something. I've never even I just know it's a fag mag
It's a metrosexual publication. Oh, is that what it is? I forgot about that. That's how a dean said it's metrosexual
Howard Dean, which was the way of saying I'm not a queen just by it because I do have a wife
You know in a family just because I signed at the gay partner thing in Vermont see now
Now I love Howard Dean, but that was such a stupid way. He got boxed in the corner
And I because they replayed the debate over the weekend the rock the vote
And when he's saying when they're back in the middle corner about the Confederate flag and he's appealing to the white
Yahoo pickup truck driving voter in the south by saying that we want your vote
And we want to get you into our tent and all and then he turns around say well
I'm the only one on this platform who signed gay rights legislation for
Partnerships and I'm thinking to myself. Oh, yeah, that's the thing. Oh roof is down there in Georgia with his doberman and his pickup truck
And his is rebel flag on the back. He sure gonna come to you right now Howard
Jesus tell me up a little bit about crap like that. Keep it a secret
man
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T in Verizon and to show you how desperate
John Kerry is number or no John Kerry fire to campaign manager and now what's his name John Edward from North Carolina
Now he's bringing up the rebel flag thing again. He's he that's his only issue
Bringing that back again
As the Democrats do what they do the best try to like shoot each other in the foot and self-destruct
Here's Hollywood. Hello
Hello, yes, sir
I'm doing all right
Better than dolphin fans man. I'm doing a better than them. Yeah, that's the very sad
What they saw
We'll talk to you about the
Another cell out weasel like like I front fiddle Henry now no, no, don't start segway with this last caller
Okay, let's just stick to whatever you want to talk about these these people are playing a game today
They all got a game they all got an agenda
Yeah, the
Congress and that issue are you sure
The issue of the non-issue of paying for your meals in hospitals here
And it's a non-issue because
Military personnel who don't eat on a base get a check to get the meals
And when they get the meals on the base while I get a hospital they're gonna give that money back
That's all it is. It's wherever you are
And so and that's anybody in a hospital whether you're sick or
In state-tider whatever but that of course the weasels and Congress grabbed a heart of it and said we're in a defend our military person now
And those of them that don't get killed while we're gonna get in their meals pretty well really
Well, I think that was an interesting thing those of them that don't get killed. That was the operative
one very fat too that it is offered their dining every day man and they're dying for nothing
They're dying for oil and for big business
It's a sin and a pun in a public's worried about why the marlins aren't at the White House
Yeah, in fact, I want maybe the marlins ought to be running the White House be a hell of a big improvement. Have a great day, Pally
Two
Yeah, maybe jack McKeehan ought to be running this country. What do you say?
All right, let's go old jack, huh?
He to man
Instead of this ridiculous big dumb Oeared goofball is D&D guy dangerous and dumb
Who's just a pawn?
Yeah, Dick Cheney's the one. It's called a call mishatz. We have some good articles on the website last two three days
About how this country is uh being run by dick
It's right
It's exactly what we got
Dick with the bad ticker man. He's got E5 pacemaker and other dick in the White House
That's what we got. I wonder if he spotted or not like the old spotted all
567 05 60 pound 5 60. I hope you all had a good bomb moving over the weekend especially after those two football games
Can you imagine put my mother's really uh, she's jealous
She is jealous
Because if there's one thing you could say about both performances by the heracune and the dolphins it was that that was it
Heavy-duty unbelieveable
Total and pure and unadulterated
Said again. I love it
And by the way, that's no
22 till two don't forget you've got to get for real to bring me in a check tomorrow. You're laughing about it
Just remind him he just keeps forgetting about he'll do it. He's not a cheap skater's he
No, no, he's uh, he's a uh, in fact get him licked up a little bit give him some of them pills that George left you
He might steal freight trance that point
Yeah, yeah, good. Well, he can donate it to a pendant perescue. We'll sell it
Well, potted we'll option off right on the street corner where Miguel's gonna be selling drugs tomorrow
22 before a two already this has gone by fast today don't ask me why I never dreamed of the first part
See of course there's two things number one. I have a work in this studio in a couple months and number two
It's Monday morning, which means that the sports
Aswells have been here all weekend long. George is always screaming about it too and rightfully so
It's screwing with air with all this settings with everything
Because this is like a playground for the sports nerds when we have a bunch of ball games on
And we had a hurricane
Game on we had a Panther game on sary night such as it was
By the way, Scott Melon me we love you, but shut up already
And then we hit the dolphin game on yesterday such as it was I think the dolphins missed the bus
To the stadium in Tennessee, do they?
So who is on the field the Miami women's auxiliary? What might as well have been? I mean seriously
As you watch that game you I kept thinking to myself
I see two different things. I see one team that's out there to try to win a football game
And I see another team that's just like they're going through the motions. They they don't care
My grandmother could attack on better than they were doing yesterday
And I still say Tennessee could have scored at least a hundred points if they really would have you know put their nose to the grindstone
But what why bother? I think they held up. Yeah, they held back
I mean that was so piss poor and these people oh like Jeff Cohen
I mean just a good guy, but he's another one of those fans
You have to if you're going to be a real fan don't delude yourself
You're hope for the best of course you like your team to win every game
But but don't delude yourself in the thinking that your horseball team is great
Oh, they're gonna turn around we're talking super boy now it happens in this town all the time
Why can't you you can still be a fan and not bull crap yourself
But that's what they do. Oh here we go. Let's hear it
Miami has a goal for me
20 till two at Q.A.M. If you're looking to replace that old tired carpeting in your home
Let me tell you about laminets or else this is a great idea for you
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to expensive natural wood flooring
Laminets or us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from Peridor pergol Wilson our unit flooring quickstep
And all of laminets or us flooring is installed by pergol certified installers
Here's another great reason why you ought to be calling laminets or us their prices are so low they'll flore you
By the way that kid that called about the Phil Henry thing it's just donning. I mean a little slow
That's the circles your crew of the Julios the three calls but anyway
Right now laminets or us you can get their fall special for just
1495 bucks. Let me say it again just 1495 gets you up to
295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring a price that is unbeatable and unbelievable and laminets or us will match any legitimate written
Offer to which is why it is unbeatable for free and home estimate column today tool free call 1 877
777 3336 what could be simpler free carpet disposal free furniture moving a 25 year warranty and years and eons a beautiful easy
Care laminated wood flooring to want to check this out there's no obligation be sure and tell me craft across the crafty old
Neal printed to call laminets or us it's toll free what he got to lose 1 877 777 3336
My and no this is 420 560
You way yeah
But they would show them that this is a void from our friends at the memory loss center
Our friends at the memory loss center
Those are doing
You have an attack your fat glimp
You know who I am how may you make fun of me why I'll have you know I'm the
Is
HA
Fire
Oh
Oh
I'll show that old bastard perfect a nice great truck
Got it in spring you get back in the truck and do what I say
Right now drive see just shut up and keep driving
Back and forth and front of the station
See
What you are doing. I'm changing the sign. I got our 11 somehow
Three mammograms sure then all the broads got to do is lock them babies right up here in the winter and wait for
For him a public service. We are being flagged down. Oh, go ahead
Hey, look kid get out of here. They're saying a nice green truck no more. I go get your motto
Uh-oh
Oh, that's right. I forgot
This it's illegal quick drive back to the station. Most should be walking out right about now
There is
Hey
Don't push me
Tell me
Oh
146 is 560 so anyway Katrina. Thank you. She just brought in some of the most delicious stuff
No, it's not food
Uh Arizona iced tea which I love but this is no it's a special no-carb thing
There are two of them blueberry green tea
And white cranberry green tea no carbs zero carbs and they're delish. I love Arizona iced tea
Maybe we get like Jeff Cohen can bring over when he comes over later in a week about 5,000 of these you think
You don't take out alone something. I begged him. I told him don't go in that location
You can't see it from the street. It's been a hundred other restaurants. They all feel don't go in there
Ah
You can't tell you by nothing all they say is you know they got to what yeah look right that's it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line which ethnic oratial group is the most protective or paranoid about its own
Their own blacks 233 by Miriam
Jews 157 Cubans 94
Muslims 19 and Italians only five
Don't be picking on them
Here's hi Alia. Hello
Uh Neil first time caller. Yes, sir. This is a John's little Havana
And I just want to say I just saw George and the father or two of them. Yeah, okay great
Have a good time in high-ali at the JC pennies. He's doing the limbo rock
He's doing glory holes in the tea room with JC pennies of Westland
Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir
I figured out why the world is going down to two and why is that sir?
Read a list
Yeah, I was at my girlfriend's parents the other night for dinner and they'll
The her sister-in-law was arguing about her son joined the Baptist church and had to get 15% of his check
And I said well aren't you going to church too? She said yeah, but I don't give that much money
And I said oh, both of you are giving money for something. She said well, he's in a cult
I said well, which one are you in and she said well, I'm Catholic and I said well, you're in the biggest cult
And I was exactly I was put in the
She's in a she's in the cross dressing cult with the men in the dress
Okay, paly okay, let him just tell him katsuhoi's
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line good old time religion baby
But you know when you got the brainwash masses out there you expect them to think for themselves
No, of course not. That's why we're just we're just farting in a windstorm
But at least I'm taking a big checks home right to the back. That's it farting in a windstorm
And I sure hope that the little Julio's up there. See they did this to celebrate my coming back to town today
So that's why we had the thing of the original call last week was was them
About the Reagan thing and I'm a hypocrite and then so we these are the follow-up calls
They're all sitting around each other with sandpaper. They're rubbing each other's shlongs with sandpaper
Here's because there's no sense. There's no feeling. Here's Miami. Hello
Hi Neil. Yes, sir
I wonder if anyone ever
No, if there's anyone in the White House or in the Congress do they have any are you sure are you Jamaican?
Yes, I am. Oh, I can't talk to you
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T well, he's probably subversive
We're not talking. He probably a drug drug kind of guy, you know a rosti guy
Like uh poor what's his name ricky Williams there yesterday. Oh, did you know that's a cool to got a ricky Williams also?
Really? Yeah, they got a ricky Williams. Where's he playing?
In the tea room with the other guys. No, and they got a ricky Williams. I couldn't believe that. It's the one who's got to change your name
And after the dolphin game yesterday. I know which one it ought to be. Oh, yeah. I changed my name to end get a haircut
Here's dear field. Hello
Yes, sir
I apologize if you already covered this by how did you read the article that the Sun Sentinel today?
Did you see the article where the government is trying to take away money from former POWs of Iraq
And use that money to rebuild Iraq? Yeah, we did somebody talked about that minute ago. Yeah
Okay, I didn't hear it. I'm sorry. Is that disgusting? The fact that they were beaten and abused and peed on and everything else
So we can't be bothered we're sorry we need to we need that money for back to Helen Halliburton
That's right. Our burden's gonna make out what she did this administration is Robin Hood in reverse deal from the poor and give to the rich
Unbelievable. Yes. Thank you, sir. Then thank you
Only in the banana republic, baby only in Miami
There he is. There's the mad dog. He is pissed baby. He is foaming it from off
Oh
Where they'll built you with a drug called PhD
This terror that won't show up in your feet
All right, there's a few of your men and very bonds
I will scoop he has with that muscle on
Yes, but they can't find it with a microscope
Every player must be
Oh
You and then they'll haul you into cards
They'll go he just make a muscle
And when he testifies just leave the
No matter what they ask just say no
Every player must be
You
Perform with Yanuki 155 mad dogs looking good. He's a little pissed off little surly
He was making some nasty comments about Moe and I won I just made that uh
Well, I you know why not? He did make some nasty comments about that performance yesterday by the dolphins
He said to stanch your common or come me into this place. So that's a scot in there
And he ran out of here
Here's a fact. I love this
Faxing this right now to City Hall and Goose Creek is one of our student listeners who actually is uh, you know make a little effort
Look at that. That a beautiful thing
It says home paid city of Goose Creek and it's got a big swastika there a big swastika
Oi and it says welcome to the city of Goose Creek here
We have only the finest Nazi SWAT team in the US
If your kids go to school here, you can be assured that if there's any identification
It's any indication that some kind of shenanigans is taking place on school property
We will send in our professional stormtroopers with their guns drawn
We proud ourselves in rousting teenage blacks. We don't call them niggers anymore
Unfortunately, who we suspect have drugs on them even if we don't have proof
So y'all come on down and move to Goose Creek
It says nice go and listener whoever the hell you are out there sending it to City Hall and Goose Creek South Carolina
main oh man
Everybody hit the floor okay here you go come on you first
You're murking effing away. Oh people getting fatter. I love this. I hope fat boys listen
And Josh Friedman used to be here
Huh he was here last night Josh Friedman. Yeah, she's my psychic powers again. Wow somebody facts this in of course
All the articles about people getting fat
McGill brought me this earlier kids snatch fat crown of Europe would die in lifestyle in Italy
Where they used to be so healthy and all that pasta and all that stuff that they didn't make them fat
But now the problem is they're missing it with all the crap that we have exported and now the Italian kids are the fatdest in Europe
Probably then McDonald's and all this other garbage instead of the Mediterranean died
So Italian kids are getting fat and
Like I said good news for fat boys scales that go up to a thousand pounds
Steering wheels for drivers who can't fit behind standard wheels a device tell people who can't been over to put on their socks and super sized
Tells
This is for America baby. Yeah, cuz we're fat. We're big fat dying sick
I'm gonna get assholes, but we sure like to eat a lot and aren't you proud of me?
I'd like to eat nothing
Not a thing how much for that zip-a-dee do dog up to the first day on the show. I'm drinking my blueberry green tea from Arizona tea
It says increasingly companies are making bigger products for mercas bigger people
Customize everything from caskets to seatbelts
According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 20% of Americans are considered obese. I guess we're running out of piano cases
While some researchers say that products can overcome the stigma of being overweight other suggests they might encourage obesity by making extra large the norm
And then where do we go from there like it's better and better and better
If we tacitly we adjust our world in some sense where we're spawning to realities in Arthur Kaplan
Chairman of the ethics department of the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine and fat at the same time
There's no doubt that making those adjustments make it easier to live bigger
That's right
It used to be the products for overweight people were tucked away into the corners of stores
But now businesses ranging from clothing retailers to car manufacturers recognize that big people are big business
Goliath casket of Lynn indiana every month shifts four or five triple-wide models
We're not talking about trailers by the way. We're talking caskets
44 inches wide compared to standard 24
In July Goliath started offering a 52-inch wide model and is already sold three company vice president juliane davis said
See one thing. Oh look at this
Bill fabri and ancy summer founded ample stuff of bearsville, New York when summer who weighs 450 pounds pulled
Fabri she couldn't find a sponge to read certain parts of her body
Fabri an engineer came up with these sponge on a stick sponge on a stick
That's where is his square bob the sponge pants
The company is built in a tar lineup products with heavier people to mind including seatbelt extenders higher limit scales and extra large tell
Big people just want a chance to do what everybody else takes for granted
Like maybe have sex well
First you got to find it anyway
When we got five thirty two under votes which ethnic or racial group is the most protective or pertinent about their own blacks
247 Jews 162 Cubans 99 Muslims 19 Italians five and by the way
Miriam elephant one thing to say to you honey
Bye
The man dog he's the best. I mean that just makes you want to go whack it in a closet for about 15 minutes doesn't it all right
