All right, back to the wrap it up. Thanks to Zach. Thanks to the beast. Thanks to all of you for tuning in calling in Neil Rogers coming up.
Neil there. How are you doing? Are we doing a crossover? I wanted to give me a chance to thank you for those
assimilating call-ins on it. The riveting adult drama.
That was phenomenal. Maybe the finest moments in the history of my career.
But we're working on a cure for insomnia here from 8 to 10. What's that Dave of Ann boring?
Oh, I should have said that because I put you on a spot. I say booster. All nine and in all the game.
The booster man. He orange head man. Get rid of that guy. Where the hell do they find him beside Montreal? What the heck is going on?
What are you doing? What do you mean by that? What are you doing? Where you been? I haven't seen you in like two years.
I've no tried to change this subject. What's going on? I'm trying my best because you've got to work with that guy.
Is this hair piece really worse than Moses? Do you are clubbing me? I hear he's got her hot wife. You are clubbing me.
Why? Am I clubbing you? I'm giving you kudos man. You give me kadoos?
In fact, I heard my ad-dog said on Friday. He was in the parent's somewhere.
Right. He said his face turned pink when somebody asked him. How is it working with Mohawir David?
He said he just sat there with his face turned pink. Probably not as pink as it was in the wingling of yesterday.
Oh man, are we going to hear lots of gnashing of teeth and whining? You love it.
You love it. I did love it. It was great. It was a beautiful thing and very predictable.
You could hear the choking gagging sounds from Jay Fielder and the dolphins. You could just hear them all the way away where you were.
Yeah, it was not a shocker. No, not at all. Because you know that Fielder given his op to his own resources every key game.
I'm not talking about your pedestrian game when you least expected. But every key game when you reside alive, Fielder again.
The choking sounds are unbelievable. You do. You don't know when it's going to happen in the game. But usually at the worst possible moment, I'm going to begin.
Nice going Jay. Wow. You got some poison. What? You're cranky towards J. Fielder.
I have poison. I'm just telling what did I say that was untrue. Tell me one thing besides Dave Van Boring lives up to his name.
In fact, that you ought to be doing all my nineties in a Marlon game. All right.
Well, you're not going to New York. I'm not going to New York. All right. Did I tell you that when I called in?
I'm not leaving. Did I tell you that when I called in? When that when that a great appearance from the parade.
You were saying was kind of. And then you'll go for the radio. Yeah, riveting. It was almost as riveting as Dave Van Boring and and and.
Oh, don't get me going on this now. I'm leaving. The no, you're not leaving that promo. It's not even a promo that trade out spot.
We got for the Marlins that they got his call. What were you doing when you were sitting there when a Marlins on their final out when the World Series.
You must have been ping in your pants just thinking what kind of a call is that? I'm leaving. No, why don't you poke him once in a while?
Get a red hot poker and jab a little bit to get a little excitement going on his broadcast. Can I go now?
You'll be pleased to know that Marlins were number two in Palm Beach in the summertime. How about that?
Huh? Yeah. And you'll be pleased to know that the Aradger show was a very strong number to admit day. Really? Yeah. They love you up there.
Afternoons were tied for six in mornings were eighth, but that was the for-out factor. Now that he's gone. God only knows how low they can go.
Absolutely. Good morning. We'll see. All right, Nels. Hey, listen, I'm talking to you, Boge. And thanks again for the memories. You got it.
You got no penis.
Fuck, third man.
Oh, my God.
I am he has the dolphins there the worst football team they flopped a ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen.
There on the ground. That's where they'll stay. They're never in control. No. And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet.
But there the Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Oh, Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
I'm a man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Don't bet on them. You'll always lose.
Huh?
They don't know how to tackle. They don't know how to block their coaches ought to tell them to but then day in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat. When we go to the stadium, we'll see Miami. He and their the Miami dolphins.
Oh, Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
I'm a man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. That's seen that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stand.
They watch the game and all they do is moan and gripe and bitch. I wonder how Joe Robbie got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
I'm a man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. I hear the crowd peek into boo.
The dolphins have faith feedler. That quarter backs at you. Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
Oh, he'll never win a super bowl. You shouldn't be surprised when he gets cut. That doesn't mean that he was circumcised in there.
The Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. How many teams in the league?
I'm a man. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Take all his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense in their offenses at joke like George Bush eating pretzels. You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race with fewer points than Pac-Marx on high zingas ugly face in there.
The Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins number. Oh, what the hell? 32. Miami dolphins. Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins. Now they're through. Oh, right.
It was a beautiful thing in the snow and the wind and the cool. It was a lovely thing. Are we cursed down here? Yeah, whatever.
I wonder what the moment is going to be saying or how once they put his teeth back in and his muskrat back on his head and hook the socket back up to his bag again.
What is he going to be saying? Well, you know, the Patriots have been so lucky so many times this season and they just been, yeah, right. See, you can talk.
You can't talk your way into having a good show. That's number one. Oh, what is that? You can't talk your way into winning a ball game.
You actually have to go out there and play it. What a concept. See, I think I think his mentality is perfect for the sports nerds because yeah, we're great.
Talk our way. We're going to the Panthers. Go win a Stanley Cup. The Heated Go to Money NBA championship.
Dolphin's certainly going to win a Super Bowl. I mean, there's no question about it.
And of course, the Marlon had to send poor Pudge packing. Let's take up a collection for Pudge. I'm so sick and tired of it. It makes my blood boil.
Why don't you go out and collect some money for Pudge? I'll be right back so the Marlon's don't have to send Pudge packing and his comments.
Man, we'll get to that. Get to a lot of crap. By the way, did you know that when you made Missy's going to be doing a nude scene?
Is that the I saw the previews of this movie upcoming movie that he's doing. Yeah, yeah.
What you may see was more than a little nervous about doing nude scenes with Costa Maria bellow in his new movie.
The cooler I was scared to death, especially when she said to him. You call that a penis.
Yeah, he said to the San Francisco Chronicle and interview published yesterday. Macy was married to actress Felicity Huffman as two young daughters and was so he was so concerned he insisted on meeting the fellow before production began.
He said, how about those sex scenes? And she said, you call that a penis.
Make Macy broke the ice and they got to get to it a restaurant. I guess in a restaurant, you just kind of whipped it out so she'd say it.
That's the plot that I'm going to be able to make. Right. M. Phil Macy plays Bernie or loser. How he's great. He really is.
He is buddy. A loser hired by a casino to cool off hot or winning tables. His bad luck changes when he begins to have an affair with a cocktail waitress. And you know, the audio.
Well, how do you like that? It looks cute. I saw the previews just yesterday. It's a matter of fact.
Well, let's go see it right now. Let's dump this crap. Nice having a booster on for a change. I mean, he does not do a good talk show, but he's a great guy.
Great on the marlins on the play by play. And you notice he just avoided. I don't know that he can't say anything. That's what so much fun.
Just putting him in a hot seat. Listen to him squirm for booster. Anyway, we got the fat boy was in there earlier and said a lot of amazing things this morning, which are pretty proud of him. Usually all he says is.
Hi, howdy. And he said this morning, a few other things, not most of not worth one. But anyway, we had to ratings from the summer book and West Palm Beach.
Look at that. We're number two and we like it. WZZR FM is number one in mid days and then 25 54 book. They got a 12 on cheer. We got an eight six. That's why George and yours truly.
I just said that because they never give you no credit. Don't answer those phones. Josh, whatever you do.
We're going screenless till the end of the year. Don't forget that. I know we can do it because there got a lot of great cause going to come in.
Like this one here on line three Q.A.M. See? I told you. Now let's American to press my luck. You know, just like that show. I'm going to press my luck.
And the morning Q.A.M. was eight for the three one. And that's six to 10 a.m. So it included for all for all rest and peace. He's gone.
So you know that number is not going to hold up a mid day, a 8.6 in men in Palm Beach County. Jesus Christ. Right. After the ones tied for six. The goddess had a 6.2. She was tied for second.
In Palm Beach County. Again, W's E.C. are what that is. E.C. are they must they're a giant. Don't know they got a 12.7 in a morning, a 12.1 in mid day in a 15.7.
Yeah. New in Palm Beach. I got it. So now maybe it's their ghetto music.
Again. W KGR and the goddess KGR is the Gator, right? Right.
And they were tied for second with a 6.2. And the Humber and a mad dog were tied for six with a 4.2. And at night, the Marlins came in second in Palm Beach County with a 6.9 share. But again, ZZR at a 14.5.
What is W's E.C. are? Somebody please tell us they're a monster in Palm Beach County. Whatever they're doing, we better start doing it right now. Don't you think? Right now.
They're a monstrosity in Palm Beach County. Of course they're on FM. Oh, here's line nine. They probably got the information Q.I.M.
I told you. I told you line nine had the information. Make no mistake. I booted.
Okay, let me get we got too much stuff to do here today. We got to get it all in.
Mad Dog is on it too. We got a pristine schedule day other than Joe who was on last night doing sports at NBC 6 crying in his beer. Oh, gee, we lost. It was embarrassing. Pretty embarrassing if you asked me getting shut out in the game of the season.
The game it was a must win. The Patriots just, you know, they didn't have to win. It would have been nice. They clinched the division. I was good.
And with Kansas City losing the Patriots if they're right on top of the AFC. I mean, I just mentioned that in passing with pretty boy Tom Brady.
See you people out there that are all offended because there's a pretty boy quarterback happens to be good. They don't all have to be ugly with big ears like Jay Feeder or guys who keep falling down like.
Frank Greasy. 1483 votes on yesterday's pool. Which of these do you most strongly disagree with Neil about? There's some interesting things to analyze in there. You know what?
Okay. And we will act to the break because we have some spots today and my favorite AE has the first one.
That's what we'd all like to do to Todd direct. Imagine a Samadding Imagine Todd direct floating stark naked in the punch bowl at your holiday party with blood pouring from his mouth.
Right. Stent your cow manure hovers over this performance by the office.
What are you running for?
Here are me to be a senator in New York. Is it your ego? Yes, I think so. Are you from there? I don't think so.
His time is over. Why not just go home? You want your way? That's what's going on.
Tom Trump is for.
Go buy a truck. Well, don't let you day to get it.
Jay and trim the bull this back from those tree trunks. You call it.
Hillary. Hillary. I've got some bad news. Hillary. Hillary. You are going to lose.
Go back home. Why should be in the kitchen.
Thank you. Go.
Welcome.
Hillary.
Ten, eight, ten, five, sixty. Hillary was on all the talking head shows yesterday.
Man, she was on everywhere except Fox. Nice going. You go, girl.
And she was pretty weak. I thought well, not weak in terms of her performance was fine.
It was what she said that bothered me a lot.
In other words, she's bright. Like we said before the show. She's very bright.
It's just that we can't stand her. Right.
So that's going to be our first poll is going to be all about Hillary. I've got some good choices.
But first here's the results of the weekend pool. Which of these do you most strongly disagree with the ill about?
1486 votes. I don't disagree with much. He says 663 44.6%.
How do you like that? Almost half the audience. Good job.
Now if rush were to take this poll, I bet instead of 40, you're 40, I'd be like 95%. Right?
No, no, no, whatever you say. In fact, those people are probably like popping her oxys right now.
Because whatever he says and does they want to do the same thing?
Those are two of the oxys. And if he asked him about it, they'd say what?
Because they can't hear you. Disagree with the Niels taste in music.
That seems to be the trigger in a wood pile. What's your Christian notice? Do I play any music on his show?
No, and that's why I'm maybe a slow learner, but sooner or later you catch on.
They don't like my music because I'm an old fart. That's where it goes. 283 19%.
Don't like the most strongly disagree with my taste in music for which I make no apologies.
I think I have great taste in music. You want to know why? Why? Because whatever I like, I like about that.
Yeah, it's like saying, oh, you have crappy taste in food. Well, I like it. I don't eat anything I don't like.
I don't put anything in my mouth. I don't like it. If I don't like it, I spit it out. Really?
Oh, yeah. His politics, 178, 11.9%. Now see, that's...
It's interesting because generally when we do the bush poles, there's like 17 to 18% that are pretty consistent.
Except that one about the 22% that got sucked in by that that's stumped turkey last week.
Wow, that was pathetic.
So only, well, again, the question is what do you most strongly disagree?
So maybe we have some people are kind of like bush liquors, but they only lick around the edges lightly.
You know what I mean? Just the roughness. You know what I'm saying?
Just a little...
His views on South Florida 140, 9.4%. Now see, that is really revealing.
Those assholes who say, well, this is paradise. You know, that crowd sure is.
But what the hell is paradise about it? It's a swamp land. It's a festering land of the malcontents and the misfits and people of the degenerates.
No, no, I take that back. We need more degenerates.
Religion, this is the best news of all. Only 112 out of almost 1500 votes, 7.5%.
This is the most of my views on religion because they know it's all a pile of crap.
Please, please, use your brain. You know, I was watching life of Brian I told you last night.
And the thing about when they went to the stoning, right, and they stopped and they picked up some rocks.
They bought some rocks and stones on the way.
Now these are the same people that used to stoning. Of course, I say they used to. They're doing it in Saudi Arabia today.
Sure. But nevertheless, the same barbaric assholes that used to ston people to death in public, right?
Of course they wrote the same crap that all of these people are arguing killing each other about today.
They used to sacrifice animals.
Oh, man. We're talking about the most primitive, the most ignorant people.
Well, the good book says, well, who the hell wrote the book you idiot you asshole?
If you aren't smarter than they are, it's time for you to crawl back into the cave.
Craw onto your rock.
A rock? And by the way, can we borrow it later for the stoning?
Religion, 112, 7.5%. Most strongly disagree about his taste in movies. That's good. Only 4.1%, 61%.
4%. I think I have excellent taste in movies, whether you like it or not.
And I still love Magnolia. Oh, God, do I love it.
I don't care what you say.
Okay. I think you better wise up, mister.
Yeah. You've got a girl, at least you like Amy Mann anyway.
Like her lot.
But probably not only me, and you really like that much. Right.
Not mad for bad.
Oh, I better not play that thing or like my taste in music.
Well, that was fun.
Here comes the most interesting part of all.
Just like that sparts that I called on Friday, who said he didn't agree with anything.
And I said, would you like Bush? I Bush is a disaster. He said, you know, so they just voted this to bust my balls a little bit.
Which is good. There's nothing wrong with having your balls busted by long distance once in a while.
I don't agree with anything. He says 49, 3.3%. Don't agree with anything.
But they still listen. That's the only important part.
Just like this collar on line 6, QAM.
Hey, you know, yes, sir.
That, that Jew Fiedler taken with that muskrat love and bitch.
Absolutely.
He's a little unhappy with you, Fiedler.
After that week performance yesterday choking, like I said, it's so predictable.
That's what's funny. I don't know why I'm by surprise.
Every now and then it's the same pattern every season with him.
He puts in a bogus performance against Dallas, and they score 40 points.
Or talking super bowl all I crap.
And then you know when a really big game when Bush comes to show,
when he take away his atsits, it's just it's pathetic.
And then of course that safety there near the end of the game.
That way I was that was almost sad.
That was above and beyond the call of duty.
You know, watching him get just cremated there in the end zone.
That was sad, Jay.
And I think he's right.
And you notice who are joined at the hip, the two of them are Moe Howard, David.
Absolutely.
And Jay Fiedler joined it.
I think there's a lot of similarities there.
Just beside the lack of foreskin.
I think a lack of foresight.
Oh, guess who else had a lack of foresight speaking of Jews that make bad mistakes?
I give up.
Clarkstown, New York, mistake number one impersonating a police officer.
Mistake number two, making a traffic stop.
Mistake number three, stopping an off-duty state trooper.
Shalom Gelbmann, 22 of Moe.
New Square, New York made all three mistakes.
Mistake state police said, Shalom Gelbmann.
Gelbmann with a strobe light on his dashboard and his high beams flashing, pulled over a car
Wednesday night on the Palisades Interstate Parkway police said, inside the car was trooper
Shamas Lions who arrested Gelbmann.
This isn't the make-believe.
This is the new.
Shamas.
Oh, Shamas.
It was clear to Lions that Gelbmann wasn't a colleague of 30, said because of his license plate
number and the equipment he had in his car.
Gelbmann was charged with reckless endangerment and criminal impersonation.
And was cited for having authorized equipment in his car, a dark blue mercury grand marquee
with tinted windows.
Gelbmann was also ticketed for driving with our registration or insurance.
He was released on $5,000 bail after being arraigned at Clarkstown just this court.
What a silly ass bastard, huh?
Shamas and Shalom.
Hey, Shalom Gelbmann.
Hey, Shalom Gelbmann.
And we hear the first poll today because she wasn't all the talking head shows.
See, maybe we'll find out from some people because I know she'll do well in our poll.
The show always does and she had 43%.
They did this and you know what really bugs me?
It's one thing.
You know, they're going to do it.
It's compulsory.
They're going to have her on the show is in right away.
Are you ruling?
Absolutely ruling out that you're going to run.
And how many times can I ask you Tim Russet?
You silly ass.
Oh, God.
You paste the Irish pig.
God is your pig.
His wife is an idiot who wouldn't know a glory hole from her ass.
Remember, she wrote the book on Andrew Conan?
That was Tim.
Oh, that was her.
Her wife.
Yeah.
She had no idea what a glory hole was.
What the hell is wrong with you anyway, honey?
Jesus Christ.
You know where she spends all her time?
I give up.
You're looking for glory holes.
Yeah.
I have Westland and JC Penney's in the tea room.
Here's poll number one today.
What is it about Hillary Clinton that you dislike the most?
Okay.
We got six choices.
I hate her.
She's a bitch.
She's an ice princess.
She's too smug.
She's a lightweight.
Or I love Hillary.
And I like her.
She's no GW.
Now, see, you don't like that last choice because you figure you could say that about a rock
or a turd or about a turd and a punchball.
But nevertheless, we've got to have some good choices on there because there are people who
maybe they don't like her all that much, but at least they figure she'd be a much better alternative than W.
You can say that in the Mortimer's nerd probably would be too.
What is it about Hillary Clinton that you dislike the most?
I hate her.
She's a bitch.
I voted for that.
Oh, I better vote.
Yeah.
And you're right.
They love her.
I don't know why, but they do.
How do you know that?
We get to be sure that you're not ready.
I'm voted yet.
I'm not saying what I voted.
She's an ice princess.
She's too smug.
I didn't like any of her stuff yesterday.
I thought she was much too easy on the whole thing with a rack and she justifying her vote in the center, which was totally wrong.
She's a lightweight.
I love Hillary or I like her.
But she's no GW voice, etc.
1027 at 560 WQM on a pressure packed Monday, man.
You can smell it.
Shelly Blooms fashion closures have been doing it right for a long time.
It's on photo for over 40 years in the same great location and they're still growing stronger than ever.
You'll find Shelly Blooms at 2650 Northwest Fifth Avenue in the heart of the Miami Fish Fashion and Efficient District.
At Shelly Blooms you'll find fine men's clothing.
I'll do you guys want to look sharp from suits and sport coats, slacks and dress and sport shirts, ties.
And one of the largest selected designers used anywhere in town.
Shelly's got a tag in Slack Super 120's and 15 colors for only 60 bucks.
It's kind of like checking out the gelato and Rome.
Georgia are money suits that sell from 1395 to 1595.
Are only 795 bucks at Shelly Blooms fashion closures.
Shelly even offers a fantastic selection of Italian suits starting as just $225 a piece.
Service selection price are what have kept Shelly Blooms in business for the past 40 years and Shelly Guaranteese that will never change.
The selection is fantastic.
Alteration is always free and with 1000 suits and stock up to size 70 fat boy.
You're almost guaranteed to find what you need in stock.
So stop over spending at the mall, stop getting ripped off and make the smart trip to Shelly Blooms in a heart of the Fashion District open Monday through Saturday 9.30 a.m.
You want to compare a price, whatever gives Shelly a call 305-5735890.
305-5735890. Shelly Blooms fashion closures no matter where you are.
It's well worth the trip.
I've been local. This is 560.
You're ready to go. You're the only one.
QAM!
Boys, so the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority, Neil God.
I've been feeling it's a nasty boy waiting to leave the house and jump for joy white wall.
And now just a memory, a rage.
And a winner doesn't ever do nothing with an awesome damn memory.
And every block in stock.
I'm like, you should run, honey.
Well, hell yes, I do.
I'm like, you should devote all your time to it.
And all your stuff will all stay home.
He knows.
I'll play Carabellis.
I'll play Carabellis.
I'll be T.O. player, man.
This Hillary from up in saw is the devastating I ever saw.
Your run's with you little goofy talk.
As you never have him into your soul change.
You're mine running in a lawyer.
Wake up and leave the jury, yucky band.
No, sir.
There is no beating bad delegates.
Here we go,yan so.
Make sure you will it all, boy.
Here we go.
Here we go.
Fett thirty for five sixty, I mentioned as another debt American soldier on a drive by shooting and muzzle today that I mentioned it?
No, not on the air.
Well, there is sixty five votes.
What is it about a Hillary that you dislike the most?
Is our first poll today?
I hate her.
She's a bitch.
Twenty one.
I love Hillary.
18. Now why are you saying that they love her so much when the leading she's a bitch?
Because I love her is in second place. Well, I love her 18. I like her. She's no GW-16. She's too smog-6.
She's an ice princess for she's a lightweight nun. Nobody sells her short. Nobody says she's a lightweight but so if you look at the positive against the negative
34 love or like her and 31s got some problem with the bitch. I mean with her see?
Very polarizing either like her a lot or you can't stand the bitch. Hater.
The spies like in George
Larry faxes us about the Irish Catholic report on sex abuse that we talked about on the show on Friday was on our website last week. Thanks a lot Larry
Greg and some rises I have great news my country can't even fly to the space station, but we're going back to the moon
In fact, Dave Halberstam might have something to say about
I'm not gonna play that it's long. It looks like the fanatical conservatives finally spun a clock back to Camelot being a polio survivor
I'm expecting any day for somebody to shove me down saying move it can be just like the good old days
I'd have been truly impressed if I presented said what he should have said on 9 12 01 within 10 years on new vehicle
So in the US must use no fossil fuel screwed the Saudis in their oil with the same conviction as Kennedy did when he promised
We be on a moon within 10 years. Yeah, I say let's send a whole bunch of Nazis to the moon. What do you say? All right? All right?
They can operate the whole government by a long distance
Sounds like a good idea to me 60 minutes last night pissed me off
See all these politically correct assholes all you ugly people out there. I know ugly. I know what it's all about to be ugly
And if you're just too ugly to work for Abu Krabi in pitch to stink at bad
Now the most important segment on 60 minutes last night was the second one about the
Carbola Iraq and
They right after March after the shock and awe
And then of course in May when a president said oh, yes, all the wars over. It's all done. The hostilities are over
So they went about their business and being a bunch of religious freaks that they all are there
They had an election they elected their own leaders and they organized everything their thing is going
to city and southern Iraq and the US said not so fast there with your democracy ideas and
They overturned them. They put in charge the police chief who was a bathist who was one of the
Hinchman under Sodom they made him the police chief and
Not only did they overturn a result to the elections
But a couple of the guys who put in the one that they had the segment on last night at 60 minutes. They sent him off to a prison
Yeah, let's see. What's the one Steve Kroff?
He's the one did that report and so he went he went to the prison they interviewed this bitch to the American
Bitch who's in charge of the prison and
They said well, what about so-and-so?
Ahmed Muhammad the Schwartz what about this guy and well about a meat but a move but and they looked in the computer and
Sure enough he's in there, but he's got no representation
They can't tell him what the charges are and he's still working on it
He's been in there for about two months. Why you asking so many questions. Yeah, exactly
So this seems to be the whole I out whole idea out of the Bush Reich
Is that not just in Iraq but in America as well?
They're gonna spirit you away and
No attorney nobody knows where to hell you are what you did no charges and don't ask no questions and then maybe somebody else
You again or not as the case may be
stop
But anyway, so the first story last night. I can't believe you didn't see it. No, I was I don't know smoke it was about Abercrombie and Fitch
And believe me their catalog is
All right, I just have only one question about them
And that is where do I find those people that they have on those catalogs good God almighty and then they showed the people in some of their stores
The Abercrombie and bitch stores in the malls and they look just as good as the people in Emma catalogs
I mean holy moly
Thank the Lord he made people like that
So the crux of the story is they're being sued because there's always an attorney that'll sue somebody for some crap
No matter where you are and they're being sued by a bunch of mouth contents who used to work for Abercrombie and Fitch
And then they discovered guess what they were ethnic and ugly so you can be ethnic
No, no seriously they got 13% ethics working for them, which is more than the population of the country
But they which ought to be more than enough and you'll see ethics in the catalogs
There's beautiful Asian people. There's beautiful light-completed black people. Are there any beautiful dark-completed?
But well, that's another story
But the fact that matter is they got plenty of minorities
But if you're ugly and ethnic or even ugly and non-ethnic, you're not gonna work for them
I think they have a right if they want to have beautiful people that look according to a certain play like you said before
It's like if you have an Italian restaurant somebody comes in and wants to sue you because you're not sitting or serving the chop sui
But we don't want to sell chop sui. It's not our bag, man
It's a bag go look at Mo's bag. You'll find some sushi in there
This is a Pudge Rodriguez man. He pisses me off more than I could tell you not that I care about the marlins because I don't
I'm not gonna pretend all the way and pissed off about Dave and boring
You notice how boogey evaded and avoided that?
That was fun. I like doing that. That was great
Because he squirmed a lot and he knows he ought to be doing the whole game and that Dave and boring is an abortion
And if you don't believe me just listen up. We got a whole bunch of mom sure again today when we got the next one coming up
I don't know when's the next
What is that called is it marketing architects? Is that what it is?
Huh, I don't think so that is that it no, I don't know. Well, we're not even see it on the log
the marlins
I don't think it's what it's a logged thing
It's not no, but how can it not be a logged thing it goes on for about a half an hour?
It's just what it finishes with that grotesque call by Dave and boring is the marlins of the world championship
That that somebody ought to be in prison for let that guy in Iraq in Carbola let him out and put Dave and boring in here
Is what I say? Oh right
You ought to get 10 to 20 just for being so pathetic Sid says what about Hillary's stick ankles?
I didn't know she had thick angles. Did you know? Oh, yeah, they're thick
Her ankles. Yeah, really thick can't
What about her balls?
They swing low what about her thick she's got a hairy pair
Anyway, I'll see how she's doing she might not be doing as great as you were afraid
113 votes just no matter moments what is it about Hillary Clinton you dislike the most I hate her. She's a bitch 32
I love her 31. I
Like her she's no GW 29. She's too smug 12. She's an ice princess six. She's a lightweight three so you take the positives
Is 61 so the negatives is 52?
pretty tight
Pretty tight
10 41 at 5 60 WQ. We're gonna get in hundreds and hundreds of very important calls today
I it's just you just have the feeling today is that we turn the corner. You know what don't you? Oh
I do okay. Hey, welcome to e.n.f. Tyron auto repair to the near Roger show
EF Tyron auto repair is at 50 83 North Federal highway just a mile and a half north of Sampler road and prestigious
Pompato Beach at EF Tyron auto repair experience the difference experience makes all EF mechanics our ASE Certified
Technicians current with all latest technology and most of them with the EF team for almost 20 years not quite
But third man, but almost 20 years the EF team is over 200 combined years of experience and no job is too big or too small at EF
From a blown fuse to a blown engine from a 73 to a 2-0 to a 4 Bentley
EF Tyron auto repair does it all all jobs are
meticulously double-checked for accuracy by the shop for men and every car is cleaned upon completion of the work
EF on his most extended warranties and why do you wait service on most repairs as well?
Let me say it again why do you wait service on most repairs? You just sit on your ass read a magazine
But I'm being it's all done EF Tyron auto repair there at 50 83 North Federal highway in Pompato Beach called 954
426
9926
That's 954 426
9926
Ask about their 90 days in his cash to interest credit card to EF auto entire repair nationally recognizes one of the most successful
Automotive repair facilities in the entire US of A and EF their motto is nobody cares more and nobody will work harder to earn your
Binness
We're sports radio 5c
UAM
Chelsea Victoria Clinton arrived three weeks early on February 27th
1980 at 1124 PM
While I was recovering bill would put his foot on my throat yank me by my hair and say woman
Don't spoil her
I said okay
Chelsea was sold by her opium addicted father when she was eight years old
Chelsea looked at him and said bad things about her daddy
That sealed the decision for bill I
Didn't know whether to laugh or cry
But even more frightening at the age of 15
Chelsea had come back to haunt us
She escaped and returned home
Only to be sold again to a whorehouse
Who would want to do that to kids who had never done anything to them
me
Hillary rotum
Clinton
Chelsea said come on mom don't do it
Oh, yeah, right. I said
Looking like a days boxer who had just been pummeled in the ring
She leaned toward me and whispered in my ear you bitch
1046
560 wqa m
I hate her she's a bitch who's got 38 and I love her is got 37
And I like her she knows he w got 35 we got a good battle going on there in our first poll of the day
Better take a quick call W to qa m
Yeah, Neil yes, sir any chance of hearing the management
We were going back and forth with yes, yes, yes, number one. No, no, no
I told you we better take a quick ball was pretty quick. No
Now, actually what I wanted I probably should play it on every rejoin out every after every break all day today
I already played it once but it's just it's such a classic and the way he says it hey
I
Stench of palmin or covers over this performance by the Dalton
You can say that again and there's nothing worse than that calmin or in the snow and the wind like that man oh man
Why are all the strains during not all of them but most of them seem to have something to do in New York
I thought they had a florida tie in a naked sammy right now. They haven't gone to Florida yet a naked sammy rice sword
Weedling martial arts experts screaming. I'm God. I'm immortal hacked his wife to death yesterday in a blood soaked bronx rampage police
So this is in the daily news today
When the madman lunched at police one cop fired 14 shots bringing down the suspect but also hitting her partner twice
The cops best stop one bullet from hitting his chest though another slug penetrated his knee
The wounded cop and suspect are unstable condition as well as more than 24-year-old Kisha Denton and wondered what caused her husband almost to be
Campodate his wife of one year
She's like the other half of my heart. She wasn't just my sister-in-law said Nicole Forbes 27 sister of suspect iver Forbes and unemployed computer technician
I loved her very much don't trust him computer drug eeks. We already learned that um
The bloodshed bloodshed erupted around 5 a.m. When Ivan Forbes 32 allegedly butchered his wife and their Pelham Parkway apartment using two ceremonial Japanese swords
The stocky martial arts black belt swung so hard he bent one sword on her head
And also nearly sliced through her neck and cut off her left hand cop said
I noticed his wife was on the floor covered in blood said a neighbor who went up to a first floor
apartment at 2199 how did I have to have noise woke him up he was naked
Kind of like William H. Macy
She was still alive. She looked at me like she wanted help but at the time I could not not do nothing said the neighbor
Who didn't want his name used at the time I could not do nothing
I was just terrified and afraid for her and afraid for my life too
The neighbor ran back to his apartment called 911 about 515 in the morning two cops knocked on the org greeted by bloodstained naked swordsman
I heard him screaming. I'm god. I'm immortal. I can't touch that neighbor Lizza kudo
She then heard the cops order him to surrender get down put your hands behind your back one of the cops
But Forbes lunched at the cops and one of the officers squeezed off 14 shots hitting her partner twice and wounding Forbes multiple times
One of the cops hitting her partner twice. He needs to go back to the room man luckily though
He had the vest on 83rd time of vest likely saved a cop's life is what it says here
Neighbor said Forbes and Denton seemed happy often were spotted smiling when walking together
Police had no prior domestic incident reports from the couple and Forbes had no criminal record
He apparently wasn't on drugs
I know when I sure what sparked his rage a policeman said he would charge with second to be murder and criminal possession of a weapon
My brother was a wonderful person the cool Forbes said he just had some emotional problems that were still trying to sort out
He just need you know instead of punishing the guy only need to do a cent of an anger management course
That's right like all the jocks all the every time they like murder somebody or they beat up the crab rapes
I'm a poor broad or beat the crap out of the girlfriend or wife or both
They just need anger management. You'll hear that a lot on QA and by the way as we continue making excuses for scumbags
I'll make no excuses for this scumbag though the pudge mustard and this isn't about sports. This is about greed
This is about absolute abna what is this weekend with a fat ass? What does he want?
You know what buddy?
They're offering 20 million for three years plus each year
He gets the other three million from the anhymen he was supposed to get last year
Which they paid him three million and there's like three million year gonna carry over
So he'd be getting 10 million a year for next two years. Oh gee. He's whining and belly aching
I tried my best to remain a marlin by now requesting a salary increase. He said
In a statement issued by his obnoxious agents Steve Boris
Scott Boris whatever his name is Scott
To my knowledge on the only in fact wasn't it Scott Boris that was on our radio station and somebody was kissing his ass
Was disgusting. It was nauseating heck
To my knowledge on the only major leaguer in recent times who won the world series and received a postseason MVP award
And it is put to not offer a salary raise. I mean you got to give credit to the marlin organization. They'd sign cash deal
They signed the uh what else's name Mike
Turnberry
Michael old turnberry
Although Michael old contract of course is contingent starting in November on having a new stadium
Made but so it's like blackmail but nevertheless at least unlike Wayne
The this crowd they win a championship and they're trying to legitimately they keep the thing intact
To be competitive so they can blackmail a city and get a new stadium and keep the thing going
But no this uh reacon with a fat ass. Oh gee. I'm wounded. I'm hurt
How much does one recon with a fat ass need?
You know when you think 10 million years next three years might might cover his uh tortillas
When you think I wouldn't cover his ass
Wouldn't I definitely not cover his ass. He need about 20 million on each cheek
You piss me off pudge. Okay. Always was a pudge fan always thought he was a pretty
Outstanding human being
I shouldn't know when he was crossing himself for a baby pitch that should have been the tip off
You know when you do the religious nuts, right cannot stand these jocks are always either yesterday
With the Kansas City game they're getting just blown out by Denver. They're getting buried
And one of their uh Schwarzenegger makes uh some kind of a play and he's pointing to the sky and he's jumping
I mean there you're losing 45 to 27 for Christy. You're getting murdered. You're getting buried and he's doing a jivest point to the sky thing
Man, what is that crap anyway, huh?
I'm getting a little pissed off about all this garbage. There are more important things in the world going on besides ball games
You never know what on this station. I'll tell you that. Oh
Because this station is all about absolutely crap sports right
Here's a good story for you. Well, we better take a call or two though because otherwise they'll get antsy right WQ. I am meal
Yes, sir
Uh, Florida get a fight can barely hear you. Why do you call so low today Josh? You can barely hear these going dead
What is it? What do you think uh, the best place in Florida get a fight to pizza?
To get a what? Pice of pizza. I saw run
Oh
That was worth it. I told you these are going to be good calls today
WQ. I am
Take nobody there. So that takes you or those two calls you think that these people will be foaming at the mouth about the Pudge band about sending Pudge back in
WQ. I am line one is working again. Thank the Lord. Hello. Okay. Uh, yeah
um
I think it's time that we get behind our dolphins. I don't want to hear no more little stupid songs
Wayne's great. How is wonderful Jim Ball? You're doing a great job. Yeah, and we're going to go go go go go go
Thank you. We're they're going all right. They're going right in the toilet. Bull is where they're going
You idiot. He's just going to be a straight face. I'm impressed. He's just trying to be a comedian. Sure
He is he just want to be funny. He thinks he's he's a real comedian just like they want to be for him
You're real funny pal not
Yeah, these guys we ought to get behind to me about a hundred yards behind him because otherwise the stench
Like a mad dog said at stench of common or man, it'll just make your nostrils melt
This story will make you man. In fact, you know what the heading is on is it stinks to high heaven. How do you like that for segway
Pentagon advisor Richard Purl faulted over bowing roll another crook all you got is crooks right in the country running your lives
And this guy sitting back worried about the dolphins
You better grow up, mister. I'll tell you that right now people that are obsessed with ball games and hockey games and crap like that
They need to get a life
That's the fourth tunnel name get out of here foster your dead
Anyway, Pentagon advisor Richard Purl came under fire Friday for failing to disclose financial ties to boeing company
Even while championing its bid for a controversial 20 billion dollar plus defense contract
Don't you people understand what this is all about?
Halliburton and Boeing and Bechtel don't you get it?
When are you going to wake up and sift the goddamn daffodils you clowns you fools man
Like I said they like rape they like it in rape like moan
Just take your pants down bend over and tell the government hey stick it in there man
Feels good and good for you and be sure and stick some steel wool in their first two. I love the pain
Pearl co-wrote a guest column in a Wall Street journal newspaper this summer praising the plan to lease
Then buy a hundred modified refueling of planes a year after boeing committed to invest up to 20 million dollars in
Tri-ream partners in New York venture capital fund in which pearl is a principal member
If ever there were an argument that traditional business practices are ill-suited for defense of the fixed transformation
The saga of the tanker leasing proposal would count as people's exhibit a Purl and a colleague wrote in the journal on August 14
It stinks the high heavens have keep ashdown of taxpayers for common sense a Washington-based federal budget watchdog group of
Purl's faded disclosed ties to boeing in the peace in a Wall Street journal
Mr. Purl's and Tedler was own views on the tanker deal said Peter Flarety
President of the National League and a legal and policy center a government and corporate accountability watchdog
We think that the public is in title to know that he has a relationship with boeing when he's expressing his views
Pearl's role adds to the ethical questions dogging the tanker deal
Taced on hold by the Pentagon this week for an audit of suspected contracting in proprieties that contributed to the resignation last Monday of boeing's chief executive
How do you like them apples?
Last month lawmakers voted to allow police of no more than 20 tankers in the purchase of up to 80
And approach that would have cost five billion dollars and more over time is a high profile assistant defense secretary under former president Ronald Reagan
Purl carries a lot of weight in Washington
Why are they credited with helping the lady political groundwork for the march?
Iraq attack
miserable nasty filthy crooked son of a bitch him and all of these other right-wing
Passes that it think that have stolen control of the country and you're sitting back there worried about is day
Feed their gonna choke again next week
I got news for you next Monday that against the Eagles in the pp park
That should be like the kiss of death baby
That should be ugly as it gets that should be uglier than me which is that should be uglier than most ass absolutely same lot
God
What am I getting all worked up about it's all the great better might need to pace myself here
Put in put in my pacemaker right mo
Absolutely right gotta crank that baby up
And I noticed of course the moment I couldn't get back from snowbond the winger in time to be on here this morning
She'll have to wait for the alibi's tomorrow. Well, they were lucky again the butt about about they only scored
They're off as it didn't score just three points at a whole game
But you know something about three points with a one-a-game. Oh
Ha ha ha ha
Three points with a one-a-game against the anemic off-fenciless Miami dolphins
Because they looked at the clock at the clock and the map and the calendar whatever they found it up their ass
And they found it's December and that uh
Those same choking gagging gurgling sounds came down here. In fact, Dave Gurley. He'll tell you about them
The gurgly man. I think he's the one that makes him
Has he really on our station?
1057 at 560 WQM. It's the most wonderful tomaty
That's what Andy Williams used to sing when we'd like to Andy about a hundred years ago when he was about 50
But one of the things you hate in fact here's several of the things you hate the crowded malls
The heavy traffic the long-register lines parking hassles these aren't pleasant
So make your gift giving a lot easier this year for you and your loved ones give a gift certificate from dollar mattress
And how to get it all you do is make that one simple call
1-800 mattress give the gift that they'll be thanking you for year-in-year-out night in and night out
dollar mattress is uh you hear that?
I heard it
Uh, dollar mattress has gift certificates in any denomination and a new bed for the master bedroom
Makes a perfect gift you'll both or maybe all three of you will enjoy for years to come
At dollar mattress no phony promises no bait and switch just great discount prices every day on the brand names
You know and love and trust now including stirons and foster you it
dollar mattress has the guaranteed lowest prices anywhere on stirons of an anise foster when you call dollar mattress at
1-800 mattress you pick today the time for delivery you know how it goes any two-hour window that's convenient for you when you want them to show up
And they do from eight in the morning till ten o'clock like noon to two one to three two to four etc
Sleep on a mattress like I do from dollar mattress and your back will feel the difference on a sales practices
Fantastic and beatable every day low prices and service same day delivery free set of and removal
So it's easy to see why all these things have made dollar mattress number one in the world and customer satisfaction
So know what we all do at QA and get yourself a dollar mattress in a great night sleep for years to come with just one simple call call
1-800 mattress
1-800 MATTR ES or online check them out at mattress.com happy holidays from all your friends at dial on mattress
Feel fuck you
Oh
Skip the type of
Oh just
Was a hero
Love by millions across the land
And went to visit
Here's a quiet now
She was hanging with
Another man
The juice went home now for a night fskey mask and a pair of gloves and back he went
But she was tipping her friend the waiter
And giving more than a 15 percent
Where juice couldn't take it
Starter slice and end I can don't you know what's at the airport
Before they fell
She made a touchdown in oh shit cargo
It's acting at the
Alibi hotel
But the L.A. G.A
Well, he flagged all day
Bible legal procedure
with a knife
That's the prison yard penalty
Pissed with conviction
That's what you get when you pack the wife
I don't hear it everywhere
Oh
Pressing something to his go
Wishing he was dead
But it was a cell phone no
Pistole
Deep in his head
Well, they finally got a mark now it's up to the jury
But he will surely
Been jailed for life
An out of people they are safe
They feel bad for all jay
They forget it ain't okay
The act of why
The weapon
I can't find me no taste so black I don't know
I
We all know it's love it oh five at five sixty WQM happy Monday to you
So anyway, that's an honor of our sammy rye warrior in New York
Maybe he was listening to the act of why I think I'd inspiration
Could be
Hey, here's a breathless
Oh before we do that the pull result to it or need votes
What is it about Hillary Clinton?
You dislike the most and what did I say?
She's extraordinarily polarizing kind of like the bushmeister
You either like her a lot or you a hater
I like her she's no GW bush 56
I love Hillary 52 I hate her. She's a bitch 50. She's too smug 22
She's an ice prince of 16. She's a lightweight 12 so the positives are 108
And the negatives are 100
See that? Mm-hmm. I mean you can't get too much closer than that. No
One away to 100 at any rate
Here's the fact that say you hear about the local news event concerning the Heisenger clan member. Yes, I did
I've got it right here
See how I top of this crap man. Don't assume just because the mother cuts with the reality
By the way from Paul Castor over the Toronto weather report
We didn't get any snow any of that crap neither in upstate New York neither did buffalo
How do you like that or rotten Chester?
It all kind of like swept through Pennsylvania and then up that northeastern corridor Jersey Philly
New York, Boston, all in New England
Anyway, it's already science beautiful sunny day. And it's already up to minus two
28. What's not to like right and tomorrow sunny and 40
There's the one to report for a cash turnover
Ford Lauderdale police arrested Robert Ray Heisenger
Son of Miami dolphins owner Wayne Heisenger Friday night
He must add a psychic premonition that dolphins were going to tank it yesterday in the wingland and at 12 nothing lost and he was in the tank
Friday night on a dy charge after his sport utility vehicle struck up a desterian and police official said uh-oh
Whoo not good
Heisenger 41 was turning left on the Las Olas Boulevard from southeast 13th Street about 7 p.m. Friday night when he struck a 71-year-old man
Who was trying to cross Las Olas Boulevard for Lauderdale police detective Clinton Ward said I wonder if he's kin to Bert Ward or maybe Ward Cleaver
The unidentified man was taken to Broward General Medical Center with a serious head injury and a possible broken leg
Bert Ward said
Officers put Heisenger for Lauderdale 3 fields sobriety tested the scene and at a BSO's of
Office holding station Ward said Heisenger was handcuffed to the scene and later charged with
DU
I
Friday marks the second time Heisenger has been charged with drug and driving in 1995 the B.s. Oh
A rest at Heisenger on the y charges core record show we had a day plea agreement in six months probation
Heisenger and avid sports fisherman is vice president of Heisenger holding zinc which his father chairs
Heisenger's brother H. Wynn Heisenger, Jr
Oh my god
Junior don't you love all those juniors?
Huh?
What I was trying to say was grab my junior honey is
President of the company which owns a variety of vines involved in sports car sales and hotels
Including your anxious Miami dolphins who stunt the junior nut in New Orleans yesterday a performance so degrading and embarrassing
How is Morgan and talk his way out of that? Let me say it again. You can't talk your way into winning a sporting event
Mo. Oh sure you can no you can't watch them
Oh, well they picked her and see just because you talk at a big stentorian voice like everything you say like you're the authority from God
You know everything you say is like the Emma's
It can happen baby don't make it happen sweetheart just like when you dropped a bomb okay. It was a dud
It was a dud it had like a little fizzle on it and then petered right out
Speaking of petered right out molesting priest beaten to death
It seemed to be a rash of these you know
Let's hope what do we say about molesting priests or a beaten to death besides oh right
Lexington Kentucky home of the red mile
A retired Roman Catholic priest who admitted molesting three altar boys in 1995 was found beaten to death as his home
Police said Saturday
Joseph Pilgrer 78 was found dead in his home Friday night in autopsy Saturday found the cause of death to be
multiple blunt force injuries according to the Fayette County corner
The death is being investigated as a homicide
Pilgrer lived alone until the last month when it listened
Pilgrer lived alone until the last month when a young man began staying with him said his neighbor Karen Owens
Owens said Pilgrer's car which admitted his home early in the day was missing Friday night
Ha
Pilgrer pleaded guilty to sexual abuse in 1995 or abusing three altar boys in 1968 and 69 when he was their pastor and Morgan
Field Western Kentucky he was sentenced to five years probation beginning in January of 95
Earlier this year Pilgrer was named in a sex abuse lawsuit against the diocese of Lexington and Covington
Pilgrer had to climb the comment on the allegation
I guess he ain't gonna be talking about it now is he probably not
His mom and
We got a whole bunch which is a great lead into our second poll that we're gonna start at noon about the religion thing
And you'll notice only seven was it like seven and a half percent right disagreed with me most on religion
Which I say that's great
Maybe we only have the heathens listening to show which is good
We don't have to be like overburdened with those board again. What all them must snake those serpent twisters
Whatever they are we for eaters the god squad
The rosary bead manipulators
Yeah, they're rubbing it
Boys or anybody in the world that'd be a good poll question. Who's hornier born again christians or Catholics
More than no seriously because I think born again christians lie about it more
Catholics they're horny, but at least they admit that they go confess it right but born again christians
They got nobody to confess to so they just lie about it
Oh, we would never do anything like that well and they got their fingers crossed in their legs crossed and their eyes crossed
And what is that thing about religious freaks who got the I've talked about this many times, but it's just strange
It's like people in cults, which is what they are
And they get those raccoon eyes, you know the deep set eyes with the the black rings around you know, I mean the
Ignorant blissful look no, you know what I'm talking about like they've been like they've been brainwashed like they've been sitting in a chair for hours and days and weeks on end
Being indoctrinated which they have right when your brain is sucked out of your head your eyes sink in there
Their brain was sucked out yeah
All we're talking about born again christians again. I thought you were talking about Catholics either
What is it about Hillary Clinton that you dislike the most 230 votes? I like her. She's no GW64
I love Hillary 57. I hate her. She's a bitch
51
She's too smug 26. She's an ice princess 19. She's a lightweight
13 so you got a hundred and uh, let's see 121
positives and 119 wow that is as close to 50 50 as you can get
Now realize we do have more negative category, but what else are we gonna say should we just say she's okay?
Fatta, because that's not the question. It's not responsive
And of course I created the question what I could have said what is it you like about her the most say late?
Is it the fact that she's got them thick ankles? That's right
Tanks now where do we find out about that as you got the cancels? Well Josh brought it up, but uh, but this is a fact
Because she certainly has no breast. That's for damn sure no and she certainly is about as sexy as a fruit fly
Which is why Bubba was screwing around all them years and I say more power to him
You know Bubba you don't remember that video and then walking on the beach uh bill and Hillary there oh
Pasty and cottage. Oh my god the bofa bomb. She makes Chelsea look good
Wow, in fact that dolphin performance yesterday made Chelsea look a dead pile that's
Wow
12 minutes after 11 at 560 just like that thing now you remember the leper in life of Brian
Yes, and as he was like tiptoeing away
He tiptoed and just missed a big pile of a document or was it you had to watch see the mighty python movies
You've got to watch real close-up, and you otherwise you miss something that's why you have to see them 20 or 30 times
Talk about attention to detail even the beginning where usually you would press play to get the movie started
You don't do it because there's all the
All this stuff going on and you just sit there watch all of the crappy before he actually wants the movie
Hey speaking of crap there a lot of people out there eating crap for the holidays
But if you want to stay on your aunt's diet. Here's a story
It'll get you all kinds of tasty treats without packing the pounds on and god forbid start packing it again
But let's headpunch packing what do you say? I bet he's been packing a lot with that fat ass
You know it can you just see him gorging just shovel on down him tortillas and bean burritos?
Oh my god
How'd you like to be downwind from him when he cuts a fat one the pledge master?
No, thank you. Anyway a visit to delight the West Bokers will turn you on to thousands of great items that are low-carb sugar free
All of these things help you stay on a straight-and-ear-o-path
They got bagels and breads and cheesecakes and brownies muffins chocolates pasta sauces cheese and dips soups ketchup carbolite
The ice cream and lots more including apple cinnamon granola by carb sense crunchy pretzels by carb sense chew them slowly and carefully now
They got individual-sized cheesecakes and four flavors control carb brownies and seven flavors. That's the most popular item
They are delicious. They got just chocolate and vanilla egg creams less than one carb
Pro drink. How do you like that?
Champion like drinks are back in five delicious flavors
Simply low-carb bread with stevia and a uniquely delicious taste and la Nuba jams and seven gourmet flavors
So you can jam on it to your hearts delight
And at the lights of west Bokers the great part of the eliz you can try anything the store before you
Shall out any cash and buy it and they have the Ecken's product on sale today next sookas Christmas day Easter Sunday
Everyday seven days a week in fact they're open every day from 10 to 10
They're on the northeast corner of glades in 441 right next to Boston market call delights tool free at 1 877
Low-carb LOWCARB because no matter where you are
It's worth a trip to stock up on all the good stuff or find them on the web at lowcarb.com
The lights of west Bokers your official at Kins retail center watch your step doctor Bob
Why
Sports video five six you a
M
Oh
I don't know what it is about now why little voices or their big noses those good for your hearts
Childy little meckles. I don't know they just they just rub me the wrong way
And every speech of regpsits in the news
Oh
Stewing hatred through the halls Boston people's months of all sits in the news
You're a
You won't catch your life
God she must have a wonderful aura
When she speaks I want to cry she could use a good rap
I
264 voices about an hour since Eric put it up in the pool too. He stuck his pull up on there
What is it about Hillary Clinton that you dislike the most I like her she's no GW Bush. Thank you as well
Oh 75
Yeah, he's got the are you watching this? I was
Sitting behind him our tool to live in cemetery fillers. They wouldn't even let these people live in my mother's kindo complex
They're so old he's a kind of Medicare ripoff. I mean the beginning of the in the Medicare bill
The screw you in the back taught you old foggy bill from Medicare
Oh 264 votes. I like her. She's no GW Bush 75. I love Hillary 63 keep this number in mind. Okay. That's 138
I hate her. She's a bitch 59. She's too smug 32. She's an ice princess 22
She's a lightweight 13. So what did I say?
138
226
She's got a little a little tiny edge. She's got an edge store
5 6 7 0 5 6 you're waiting for these calls to start pouring in here about all sorts of things that you're all whipped up about
It would seem to me when you think on this Monday. Oh
Yeah, putt because I thought this is my new format and I finally just I finally after all the tinkering and tinkering after Greg
Read screwed us up with that nine to one crap which really set us back and we're still trying to recover from that
And then of course with that horrendous lead in absolutely and then we had the temporary reprieve for a few months until once a name got fired for well
But we're like, you know, we're constantly trying to like retool and read
Grant tinker and figure out just exactly what it is. I want to do because you know
I still like my bedtime stories, but we've got to inspire some of these great calls like this one online one Q.A.M
Hi, can I speak me please speaking?
Hey, no, I hope you're having a good day. I have a great day
Just recently all the radio stations down here on the FM band. Yeah, which to this
I don't know new technology to me where they broadcast the name of the artist and the title of the song
Mm-hmm. The only station not doing it is power and you fit well screw them man
You got that right, but I think the reason they do that is they don't want you to know the crap that they're playing because if they tell the kids what they're playing
They'll say oh my god. They're playing that crap. No take it easy buddy. Thanks a lot, palmy power 96
There's a guy taking a cheap shot at a good friend could curry
That's
Oh my god, what I just did you wouldn't believe I can't tell you he's I can't tell you all right. He's spelled huh?
He's spelled no, no, no, okay
Something really gross you blew a burger. I'll tell you before huh? You blew a burger on your papers. No, you much much worse
I'll tell you are we for the show remind me okay
Like I wouldn't tell this on here. No, it's it's just oh god. I can't believe I did that
Somebody q. I.m. We put a shoe on you know, yes sir. Wow screen last today, huh? Yeah every day
Now that's a great thing. I'm a new improved q. I.m
Um, I just want to call up and just uh, you know kind of spread my opinion about something here because I'm a school teacher here in Broward County
Right, I'm taking today off because we just moved so uh I have a little issue with you
I don't know if you've ever heard about the superintendent for Broward County for the schools
The one that gave himself a 20% raise right well, he gave himself a 20% raise and he's over
$300,000 in the school teachers out here are starting in like $32,000 a year
And we're just fighting like crazy to get a 5% raise and they rejected it
And I just kind of wanted to voice my opinion over the air that I think that really thing it sucks
Well have a great day and maybe I can be a football player like Jay Feeler
And so if you want me to go over and to help punch pack as he's leaving tell me give you like about 20
25,000 dollar tip
Yeah, when it was gonna be a new make out partner though
Good luck, palmy i'm a great thing you too
Well, there's a school teacher and you know something that we can argue from now until the end of time
America doesn't respect school teachers
It's a profession that's looked down upon and that's because americans values stupidity
That's why Arnold is governor of kaiifu or you that's why people admire people who are like you literally like slice the loan
That's why the dumber you are the bigger progress you made it you're a bigger super stupid star like most of these jots
Who couldn't even make an expo to guide them line to sign on a contract for all these millions and you know see
I don't I don't want to get into this whole thing because I know that it's I'm I'm starting to win storm
Especially on this radio station
But air every year it's the same old well, you know the players realize and their agents realized they can only push this so far
They pushed it so far every time you turn around here's another bunch of overpaid jocks guys who shower together and slap each other
And they ask for the towel at the workplace
These are guys are getting paid millions and millions and still never have enough
So we have a strike every time you turn around there's not going to be any hockey season by the way in the NHL next year for anybody
For at least the whole season and maybe mole and speaking to that
What a segue. Thank you sir for being a good school teacher. Okay, and I respect school teachers because if we're out there
Look how down the public really would be you know it right just imagine if we paid some real money to get the you know
teachers really
Make it a motivating factor from people to want to be school teachers. Okay, plus plus the environment in the classroom today
What kind of a maniac wants to be a school teacher today right
When I had my dinner with my old foggy friends here the other night my little personal reunion with two my friends from high school
Two nights ago and we talked about that
I mean you don't want to sound like an old fart, but it's true. You're not an old fart yet. You're getting close
But the fact that the matter is the kind of stuff that goes on routinely in schools right now
Nobody ever heard of when we went to school right what was unheard of
Right right so so why why how is this going on? Oh, well, we don't want to pay the school teachers because they go to highlight in the summertime
Right, that's that's brilliant. That's great
Enough to make you want to gag
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. What do you think are we gonna send Pudge packing?
Oh
Oh, I started to say the thing about the Panthers. I knew see them getting too wound up
The Panthers you're a bunch of liars by the way the Panther organization
There's some very nice people who work there. I thanked them for everything they've done for me
They probably won't talk to me anymore, but you're a bunch of phony phony baloney liars
And you people in the NHL you can keep pretend there's 80 million when the Leaf Shut-Out Boston last week six to nothing that night
The antennas was enough to 13,000 some odd which still means
Thousands of unsolved tickets. They said the place was half full
Which means about eight or nine thousand people at the Fleet Enema Center
And the same thing at the Macarena
But I'll tell you how desperate they are to put out a dog and pony show with the Panthers to pretend we have hockey fans in South Florida
Gary Bettman the commissioner who's horrendous a nightmare a man who's destroying the sport
Gary Bettman is coming to town for one of the games
I'm maybe the Boston game Wednesday
And so all of us season ticket holders including yours truly
We get an email from the organization
I'm not saying that hey you you can get four free tickets for that game because we want to put on a good show for Gary Bettman
And make it look like there's a lot of people supporting the Panthers. Are you following that? No
Yeah, so if they have three thousand season ticket holders and they're going to give away four free tickets for each that's 12,000
So 12 plus three is 15,000 right there
Assuming those people with showboards they won't
But talk about I mean you can see you had 50,000 people in there sitting each other's laps and we can see what our eyes
You're not full in Gary Bettman anybody else everybody knows this to the the attendance numbers are bogus
You pick them out of a hat to make it look good
God
I'm just too worked up for a Monday. I might have to take several weeks off. Okay
Oh, okay
Well
26 past 11 at 560 what do you say? Okay sure no problem
You deserve to take a few months off
Screw these guys these goyem over there sitting in the tree with their banjo is over there in Naples much in those pickers
It's that time of the year again everybody is stopping by your home for the holidays
I'm sure it started already
It's not too late to call dry concepts and read your carpets of the germs and schmutz that are deep inside
Take care of those carpets clean them fast clean it right by calling dry concepts like I've been doing for over 20 years in my house
Dry concepts is hands down your pants the leader when it comes to protecting keeping your carpet colors vibrant sparkling clean
Leaving your carpets smelling lemonade fresh after the touch and they're drying a couple of hours
You're ready to rock and roll and party again and don't forget dry concepts is the only company in the world
Dry cleans your carpets same idea is dry cleaning your clothing and believe me it works
Call that I ask them to put under do you understand violists?
Say an extra 15% off the already reasonable price of the job and please keep in mind dry concepts always
Gives you a written guaranteed price upfront before they start to work
No bad surprises at the end of the job
You have enough to worry about during the holidays. So leave your carpets to dry concepts column right now
1 800 248 5071 or certainly when holidays are over
That'll be the time to have them come in and make your carpets look new again after your guests
Trampoline up and really your schmutz up the house call 1 800 248 5071 or check them out of the web at dryconcepts.com
D-A-Y
As you see K-S
What kind of day is common collected with the best chance I get in the back
Various 16 years have never cheated what kind of day you're not going to feed it if you're helping
I know you can win
So vote for Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
She's got the guts and by her man
She can't do no one and she's long and a lawyer to just think of all the laws
She'll push you get out that ballot right in
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
Her mates don't care if that's true
Fuddy ain't the nothing I push has to try to argue
The other kind days the final TV bar not high to find as Hillary
But early but off in
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
50 great political wise and history
Who outside their husband just like Hillary
A meld into your patch up and you look for Rome the next to Hillary Clinton
They're all out show
But early but off in
For Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
H-I-W-L-A-R-Y
Hillary Hillary she's our guy
The greatest state of Arkansas
She looks like she got off instead of L.A. Law
The back totally cool by me
So vote for Hillary Hillary Hillary Hillary Clinton
You can't arena what's right to that
By the way the piece of copy we're going to send me and never did
That's coming up in the next break
But anyway a bigger pardon
Don't you remember I told you I lost the piece of copy before the show
I was doing my own getting getting everything organized in my organization
See I'll tell you what I did before I know I'm not going to tell you exactly
But I give you a clue you know when you're doing a show in your underwear
It's easy to do a mo
Absolutely
I mean oh mo
Yeah oh no
And start well let me just say this if you were to call me old stinky finger right now
That would have been at least not now before the break
See what I'm saying
That's why I don't want to get too graphical
Well and it's pretty embarrassing man
That'll teach me to be a little bit more antiseptic
And a morning before I come in here to do a high rated radio show is to be a lot more antiseptic
At any rate
313
Absolutely
You can relate the old dingleberry master
313 votes what is about Hillary Clinton that you dislike the most
I like her she's no GW Bush
92
Part of our efforts
I hate her she's a bitch 71
I love Hillary 67 she's too smug 41
She's in ice princess 28 she's a lightweight 14 and she ain't never gonna work for evercromby and bitching
Be sure that unless she plays the bitch part
So let's see 92 and 67 is 159 right okay which leaves 154 wow wow wow wow
159 yay and 154 nay as they see a needle on's nay
Now this orbit well this isn't really an orbit it's just a guy quitting and this is pretty emotional
Forgot it's just retiring to write kids books I thought it uh
What did the mission died you thought what
No, he didn't die oh, oh, thank god. No, it says uh he plans to write children's books
And this is Charlie folds. He's stepping down December 15th after 46 years of channel seven
WSV and your hysterical hyperventilating station
I thought it wasn't way rick sanchez who's not on that station is he on six
You can't complain about ricky tiki sent or Sanchez ratings. He don't have any he barely makes a little
And the a rickter scale
So the word is a coin to jica i think it was all that are gonna try to goose up to show it make it more like jerry springer
Or more like this or just get rid of him okay just dump him it's a lost cause put him back on the news
Do something move out that silly Tony cigaretteo
God almighty
Anyway, so Charlie folds it says um
I don't know he was to be the robot yeah bubbling vampire countdown the right
Shive press the digitator mr. Magic duffo to clown and several others he was all of these people
Mm-hmm it says not to run things for generation of soft photo kids who grew up thinking to be the count all the others were separate individuals
But they were all played by the same guy WSV and community relations director Charlie folds will announce the
Seven on December 15 after 46 years at channel seven you go boy nice going Charlie whoever you are
I don't know who you do you know who he is yeah, I did I
Grubbed out here remember
No, no, I mean do you know who he is like uh no, that's not the spot see
You've got the emerald coast. I'm talking about the gold coast. I got the emerald coast
You've got the wrong code man. You're on the left coast. I'm on the north coast. You're on the left coast
Jesus god omni
We've been talking about this for what the power is now, but I thought you found ours
The facts me a piece of copy that I must have eaten or something no matter what
Maybe I wipe with it
Well, I found the emerald coast. I didn't find the gold coast and since we love their food so much
And since you've got freebies from there and we have such a great place. I don't want to screw that up. Do we know?
Anyway
Fold 65 plans to write children's books and ambition honed during his quarter century in costume his coat the various WSV and kitty shows
I always wanted to be a writer. He said I even tried to get a job at the herald when I was 11
But somehow I ended up in television don't ask me why
Hey Charlie we have one question for you. Why
As community relations director
He's been the public face of WSV and at a host of events like the Winterfest boat parade
Has listened to thousands of complaints about programming and has period countless cranky questions from reporters about which anchor was secretly checking into drug rehab
Oh, I'd like to find out the answers to that
He can in fact maybe he even knew a few things about Miss Kamal
He can say we don't comment on station personnel backward and in several languages in his sleep
Full to grew up in Viral Beach started at WSVN and known as WCKT in 1958 editing movies to remove the hells and dance from the soundtracks
And cutting them to make room for commercials
You vote Charlie nice going whoever the hell you are
right
He's no Wayne
Chandler
I thought Wayne Chandler were some of them people
George
Hello
Yeah, sorry I was on the other side of the room looking for that copy
I thought Wayne Chandler were some of those characters you were talking about
We hosted the Sunday Funnies with Toby the robot I see
WCYM
You miserable son of a bitch
Bastard WCYM
Yeah, he's talking about Charlie backstreet
No Charlie Fools
Different
Guy it's not empty graves who's no Charlie Baxter was empty graves different guy
Different guy really man different guy different graves okay. I mean
Can we get anything right on this show no matter what it is me well no that wasn't right
It was really okay whatever you say
God
5 6 7 0 5 60
Palm 5 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Marlos Lung
The audience seems to be in a fairly good mood to the in spite of that grotesque dolphin laws yesterday that embarrassing humiliation
Which is very predictable in doing within the snow and the cold and of course the all the other stuff going on
All of these things
WQ I am
Speaking
Neo how are you I'm great. How are you okay? Actually? I just got in the car. I have no idea what you're talking about
But I have to tell George something well go ahead and tell him next time you talk to him
WQ I am hello
Pretty good
The white parrot
The white parrot
The skiddy guy we don't know somebody will call in and tell you you gotta know Neil you put down here almost as long as me
I don't even know though who the white Baron was I never heard the white Baron I heard of the red Baron and Snoopy
I don't know who the white Baron is I'll sing a little jingle if you want go ahead look out
It's the white Baron
dressed in white some clothes to boot so he never gets a spot on his pretty white suit
Oh, yeah big Wilson. I don't know what somebody will call in and we'll find out
There's a question of the day who the hell was the white Baron. I still don't have that copy
No and neither does anyone in the building, but we're tracking it down
Well, what do you mean? Neither does anybody in the building? It sounds it sounds like a real mystery to me
I'll put a piece of copy that was in my red folder
I kind of disappear and vanish in the thin air like that. I think it's sabotage
I think it's like rec copy and copy and I don't have my copy and neither does Jen have her copy
She keeps copies of the copy and she doesn't have it so we have to get out of something's going on here
Your copy. No, maybe I'll do the other spot. I'll move it around with the next spot. Yeah, shuffle it to give us some time
We'll shuffle it out
Oh, I just got through doing the spot because I watched your name back there the water Nazi. How's uh Katrina doing?
I haven't spoken to her today. Oh, because she had lost nine pounds of balance for life
I sure hope she's staying on a straight and narrow or pan. I was up to ten and a half
I beg your pardon it was up to ten and a half pounds
She uh, she spoke to Josh apparently
It was up now is that like in past tensors that like an update? I mean that was last week
So I mean ten and a half pounds nice go on Katrina you girl
Even though your mom's really a pain in the ass and your mom makes a log your mom makes a log like oh my god
Like my little dog have wild diarrhea in the living room
Anyway, let me just tell you about our good friends at dollar mattress
Now's a good idea for you make your gift giving a little easier without facing all the traffic and hysteria out there
Just give a gift certificate from dollar mattress
Call them now one 800 mattress and give the gift. I'll be thinking you for a year in and year out
dollar mattress has got gift certificates in any denomination you want Jewish, Goyish, Mennonites, whatever
And a new benefit of master bedroom makes a perfect gift. You'll both enjoy for years
No phony promises no bait and switch just unbeatable discount prices every day and a brand names
You know what love now even including
Stearns and foster
Hewitt
Dalmatris has got the lowest guaranteed prices on sterens bananas foster anywhere when you call
Dalmatris tool free you know how to deal works one 800 mattress one easy call
You tell them what you want them to show up and they do any to our window that's convenient for you when you're going to be home
From eight in the morning till 10 a night and guess what they'll be there
Honest sales practices fantastic service every day low prices same day delivery
Free setup and removal all make it easy to see why Dalmatris is ranked the best in the world in customer satisfaction
So for service like you only dream about like you really couldn't believe they really show up
They do called Dalmatris tool free just like I've been doing for years call one 800 mattress
1 800 MATTR ES or online mattress dot com happy holidays from all your friends at Dalmatris
My
Almanor covers over this performance by the dolphins
I
You
Tell
47 and five sixty WQM
So anyway, the rear portion CNN is hyperventilating about this is OS at the end of the world.
The rear portion of the old uptown theater on Balmudo Street near Young and Blurin Toronto collapsed at 10.30 this morning.
Hey, they've emailed them to us and we're just in the process of downloading them. I've had access to the hearing say process.
Hey, I'm just going to go out of the way here. I don't know where my camera has gone right now.
Anyway, this is another one of the heavy urban search and rescue vehicles, David.
Demolition crews are inside a shuttered building when a wall gave way crashing into adjacent buildings,
including a private school. Several people are trapped inside the rubble according to emergency services and are hyperventilating.
Ready for that? Let's see it then.
Well, they were a minute ago, but I figured I've put on city policy since it's a little more local enough today as opposed to CNN
which don't know how to find Toronto on a goddamn map.
Stuff like that. So what we're called. What? Now comes an amazing thing.
And see, I told you we'd find a copy of you can all panicky for no good reason at all.
Just become like me, okay?
Hillary suffers. See, I saw this fact and I thought, right, we're not going to get sucked into this balloon.
But it's a legit.
Hillary suffers from a very serious affliction. It's called tankalitis. Did you believe this?
No, of course, it's the joke facts. No, it's not. Never the less.
It's not a joke facts. Okay.
Okay.
A lower leg phenomenon in which ones calves extend through the area which should be ankle forming a hideous mass of exaggerating cabinets.
It's on the internet. There's always it. Yeah, really?
Okay, don't believe me. All right. I thought it was a joke. I believe you.
I thought it was a joke too. That's why I looked up.
This is a condition that results in the cavity ankle becoming one singular appendage.
A person afflicted with this condition has cancels.
There's even a place called cancels suffers anonymous for those who are cancels or
She's got cancels and you're making fun of the bitch for crying out. What's wrong with you, man?
So and tell you like to
but you know, I'm not about that. So who now was the white bear and on WCIX? Is anybody know?
Bokobrying called and said guy a word outward, something like that. I have no idea who that is. Well, there you go.
Well, here's the official AFL cancels corner. No, that's not it.
I thought it go back go back go back like the Beatles would say go back urban dictionary three definitions. Here you go.
Urban definition of cancels. What does that mean?
In obese people whose calves don't separate or distinguish from the ankle.
I can't believe she wears sandals with those cancels for example. Yeah, they give you the proper usage. That's right.
If I didn't have cancels, I might be able to wear those Toronto loafers with my capri pants.
What? Yes, Mothay. So I guess there is such a thing. How is this all just one big hoax?
Maybe maybe it's just a series of hoaxes that were getting sucked in on. We have it available. Okay, and just quickly for those of us not as familiar with the downtown
Toronto the uptown theater an old historic theater. Is it pretty famous?
It's a very well known theater. It's in the area of Lure and Young. What I just said.
I'm not going to call it a new and there was some I understand it was some type of renovations on that.
A big way. How big your partner? That is big talking. No.
That you know tragic event has. I have any.
What's the big. You must get from the Toronto police to from we don't have any space allowed here. Are you crazy?
That's a fraud. Only an occasional to at least once in a while. We know it's a lot here.
Always now. Let's get to the important stuff. It's almost noon already.
All the we do want to find out a lot more about the white baron.
W. I. M. I hope she's been.
W. The Q. I. M. You miserable bed. No.
Now we got the imitators. Yeah, very sad. Very weak. W.
Q. I. M. Probably. Yes, sir. What's the
root of your hatred of Mo. Howard David?
Oh, get out of here. We don't have we only got two hours and nine minutes left.
5 6 7 0 5 60. What do we have some bizarre folks today or what?
Huh? Talk about cutting your chickens before they lay one.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
As the hits just keep on coming. How come line one? Stopping. You know, let me just see.
Is it working? Oh, thank goodness. It's working. I get really panicky because I don't want to like his to take
gigantic steps backward like we usually do technically at Q. I. M.
W Q. I. M. Hey, Pudge.
Follow my. Pudge. You're not too happy with a Pudge Master.
They're thinking about sending Pudge back in.
They're real unhappy. 10 million year wouldn't be enough the next two years to keep him in
burritos. Let me sit again. What kind of an asshole would a big fat ass like that needs more than
10 million year? One is it stop? Huh? What is it stop? A WQ. I. M.
Good talking to you. That was the coach. That was one stat.
How come he hasn't been canned yet? Wouldn't you think after yesterday's game that a fighter run on a spot?
WQ. I. M.
Uh, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, that's uh, I'm like going I talked to you last week. I took my kids out of school to watch a bomb drop.
Well, I got a pretty pissed off. So I asked my kid to ask them why did this thing a day and a half out of school watching a bomb drop.
The teacher says because that's what keeps our country safe.
There you go. Okay, thanks for the update. Don't call me again with that crap though.
And just call this last week with part one and now he's gone. You see what I'm saying?
We always get these people. They start you. You listen to what they have to say. You give them a form to a vet.
And then right away to be better. And it's like they have their own little feature like they have their own segment.
They do like uh, like Bino, you know. WQ. I. M.
Hey, I'm calling about the pull that you had last week about the ugliest people in the whole world.
Each city. I think you ought to do. I don't know if you did the pull already, but the best look in cities. Yeah.
Because I went to Prague. I know it's not your bag, but it's like a bungee. Well, what, what, what, what?
What do you mean it's not my bag? Uh, you know, hot attractive women.
Well, how about how to attractive guys in Prague? There certainly are. Yeah. Um, you might think that's not your bag.
I think we could just uh, you should have a poll on that because it really is like a supermodel convention over there.
In other words, they could all work forever. Crombie and bitch. Yeah. Excellent. Okay, pal, thanks. We'll do it tomorrow.
We've done it before. We'll do it again tomorrow just to make him happy.
See, the problem when you do those things is that unfortunately, and not just our audience, but most Americans have been nowhere.
Only 25% of the American populations got passports. So that means 75% of the people have never left the country other than maybe you go to
Mexico or Canada. But we got a lot of beautiful people here in Canada. In Mexico, I bet you they got two or three beautiful people. Where?
Well, somewhere very in the mountains somewhere. I don't believe you.
You are such a bigoted prick, man. Prick rams would speak. And then that's the reason you want to send pushback because he's a wikin.
If if we to check this morning, if I thought he was Cuban, if Boog would have come in and said, Oh, he's Cuban. He's like, Oh my god. Let's open up the wall. It's on you.
Chief Bastard in the organization. Let's pay him 20 million. You're just to keep him in town. Yeah. I would have been saying that. Right. You would have.
Sure. But because he's a wikin right away, you want to hop on his fat ass. No.
In the big, so I don't care. He shouldn't be getting paid to be going to hop it on somebody's ass to pre suspended over sex abuse claims.
The arts diocese of my mis-suspended to priest yesterday following allegations of sexual misconduct and two separate lawsuits.
One of those priests whose name just keeps popping up over and over again.
The Reverend Alvaro Guixar pastor St. Francis. Sounds like a hockey player for the Canadians. Old time.
Pastor St. Francis. DeSales Church in Miami Beach has been reinstated in August after 15 months suspension stemming from similar unrelated accusations.
Guixar and the Reverend Hector Gonzalez Abreo pastor St. Vincent de Paul Church in Northwest Miami,
Dave County have denied the allegations. The civil suits are going forward as the arts diocese investigates the claims.
The two priests are moved yesterday based on the recommendation of the five member arts diocese review board,
which studied the cases and the side of the allegations were credible.
According to diocese spokeswoman Mary Ross Augusta, this means they could be true, she said,
or not as the case may be. She said the decision was related to accusations have been previously
before in the media, although she wouldn't come at them specifically. Antico's on and on and on and on.
And of course we sharp bad if you heard that clip on Channel 7 this morning. They're picking on him
and he's getting sick and tired of it in the audio. All the sudden the craft seeking tired.
Yeah, he's sick and tired of it. Is he reacon? No, I think he's cuban. No. Yeah.
A Cuban alleged child molester. Four minutes till noon at 560 WQM. We got the mad dog at two. The
huppers doing a show at Shulas today. Put on a couple extra pounds over there for the holidays. That was funny.
The anxious Ricky Williams show at the Clevelanders 7 o'clock tonight. He's got a lot of explaining to do.
And what kind of a league is it? It's like a sissy league now. They actually have a rule in the NFL
that it's they had to pass a rule because he's got the Ricky and this other guy that what the
whole team is he played for. It's got the Dreadlocks. The Colts I think. Yeah, EG has got the Dreadlocks.
Now so now they they had to pass the rule in the official rulebook that it's legal to tackle
somebody by their Dreadlocks. So now the butch NFL they're tackling by their hair. They're pulling
their hair like little girls. They're not cute. Much of pansies. The big eight to 10 tonight.
Eddie K. attend and join Mark overnight. And then of course to return to Mardi. I wish I could say
triumphant, but the dismal return of the Mommas. They're getting the wishes he could get out that show
real soon. Absolutely. At five tomorrow morning. You know, one of the best kept dining secrets anywhere
in town is right in Coral Springs. It's fabulous. It's the Gold Coast seafood grill and they just
celebrated their one year anniversary. They got three and a half big juicy stars from the Sun
Sentinel Showtime Dining Review. Why did they get three stars? Because their food is absolutely
sensational. They got all kinds of really neat specialties like mango plum salmon. I'm encrusted
mahi mahi orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout. There's an incredible bar
atmosphere at the Gold Coast seafood grill including an extensive wine and martini list big
gigantic martinis during happy or only five and a half bucks four to seven pm every day seven days
week. The Gold Coast seafood grill your fight in Coral Springs at 2752 North University.
Drive inside the beautiful walk shopping center called 954 255 fish for reservations and more
information. You can dive inside or outside large parties private functions are welcome to experience
the best kept secret lunch and dinner dining. It's the Gold Coast seafood grill in Coral Springs at
2752 North University drive inside that most prestigious beautiful walk shopping center. The Gold
Coast seafood grill where you can always depend on getting great seafood at great prices too.
A
Play like men and they look like women. Thank you. You've seen all there is to see in a reality dating show.
Think again there's a new reality in reality television. It's average Joe Millionaire. A show that
puts a twist on an old twist with a brand new twist average Joe Millionaire. One box of beauty must
choose the matter of her dreams. Among 25 hunky guys she thinks are worth over 50 million dollars
but guess what they're not hunky and they're not rich or are they what's the dirty little secret
behind average Joe Millionaire are these ordinary guys actually extra ordinary are they really
work the millions we said they weren't after we said they were can a beautiful woman fall for an
average looking rich man who's actually poor and handsome or will she love them for their good
looks and not for the money she thinks they may have but actually might not it will all become
crystal clear on the premier episode of average Joe Millionaire. Poor will it find out when
reality television gets a real dose of real reality really and it's all on average Joe Millionaire
coming soon to Fox TV. Probably is it at 560 is it no WQAM 386 votes on a Hillary pull
what is it about Hillary Clinton you dislike the most 116 say I like her she's no GWT what
percent is that I hate her she's a bitch 94 24.3% I love Hillary 81 almost 21% she's too small
45 she's an ice princess 34 she's a lightweight 16 so let's see the positive ones I love a 50.9
percent which means 49.1 percent got it got it positive ones 100 and a 200 and a 197
to a hundred and 89 well only like just a handful of votes separate it's a tight race baby she
come out on top even with her cancels maybe they hit there's like a sympathy vote huh
well no I never knew she had cancels who said this wasn't an educational show first of all we
learned that that guy a channel said whatever the hell his name was
yes his name Charlie backster Charlie back Charlie Tuna he's retiring at 65 he was all of those
different characters all you people grew up with on Sunday mornings and Hillary's got cancels
oh what a moron it's only noon two hours everybody had like a wealth of information on this
goddamn show and the price is right now here's the new pool it's not really a pool just a survey
which I like and the reason I was inspired to do it today is because of that result in a weekend
pool about only 7.5 percent disagree with the most on religion that's great so how often do you
attend religious services that's the poll question number no more dose only on major holidays
fairly often very often religiously rarely or never how often do you attend religious services
only on major holidays fairly often very often religiously rarely or never that leave anything out
pretty much covers it let's see the white barren was played by a commercial actor with the
last name of the breeze during the mid-70s who lived in Kendall says mark thank you mark the white
barren on wcix I have no idea I was here I guess the mid-70s I was here in 76 do I remember the
white barren no I remember what's his name the big fat guy they will say well no the other big fat guy
Dave Vadexan okay you don't remember Dave Dixon I do he was great sure on your old channel
88 or whatever was there on the Uih F boy remember those days when we used to have the antennas oh
god talk about old code hangers baby and when they first came yeah when they first came out with a
uih f channels the higher frequency higher than what 13 I think so yeah then all of a sudden we
had have another band so we had vhf and uhf kind of like when fm came into prominence and here
came a whole bunch of other channels in order to pick up uhf you had to get those little circular
antennas for the little loop antennas for the back of your tv or like you said if you couldn't go
do the old fruit loop you'd put a code hanger on there you'd stick it no you didn't want uses for
your code hanger right that's what your own crop would said but don't send it to her house
those are the days and what what channel was that was that channel 23 get out of here I used to
watch cartoons on before it was like half and half English and Spanish Dave Dixon was on
channel 23 I don't know where Dave Dixon was I can't remember that no that's 45 okay that's the
before before they sold it to the religious nuts I think it was channel 45 I do believe I could
be wrong big Wilson was on six and Dave Dixon was on uhf and he used to show all those really
horrendous grotesque nasty and then he went to Detroit I was on a radio and I think he had also
a similar thing on channel 50 and he drew on uhf and then he died and you wonder why he died
oh don't start with that again with the fat stuff this audience hates that because most of
them are fat they hate that he was real fat and he died he was all that old either okay let's see
how often you go to religious services let me think about this one oh and speaking a good old
time religion here's a great story of in love religion and football Muslim football team names
spark protest Irvine California I wonder if that's why where the Irvine family came from the harness
racing family from Ohio Irvine California it was planned as a way to bring young athletes together
for weekend of fun but when participants in the Muslim football tournament starting naming their
teams intifada soldiers of a la and muja hadin Jewish leaders took offense they said boy intifada
uprising in arabic is a term used by Palestinians for the revolts against Israeli occupation from
1987 to 93 and over the past three years the recent intifada has seen numerous suicide bombings
by Palestinian militants muja hadin means holy warrior like Osama Yamana rabbi Bernie King who lives
in Irvine said the team's names undermine those who worked at close relations with Muslims
something like this tends to support those in the community who have suspicions about the real
intent of Islam King said what exactly are they honoring here asked rabbi Abraham Cooper associate
dean of the Simon Wiesenthal Center the LA based Jewish human rights organization the continued
targeting of innocent women and children by homicide bombers deserves to be you notice how
he calls them homicide bomb yeah they're used to be condemned across the board it's deeply deeply
disturbing he said one of the January 4th tournament organizers said the names were meant to show
support for Muslims in the Middle East but also represent football bravado they said it's the bomb
the amount of the kids in our team are from Palestinian origins said terrac shocky intifadas 29
year old captain in quarterback we are in solidarity with people in the uprising it's about human
rights and basic freedoms fellow tournament organizers sabi Khan no kin to aga Khan or Ali Khan
city to wait about the names and ask or maybe gingus Khan and ask the teams to change them it bothers
me a little bit said con 18 but he added they were just trying to be cool oh what's wrong with that
kind of like mo trying to be absolutely cool as a frog's fart right right they don't come no
cooler than mo they can't use those names we better outlaw all the things so cool he's like run
on the verge of dead you know like there's that fine line between cold as death and he's right on
that edge look at that how often you attend religious services we've already got it just popped up
there 27 votes and 20 say never very often religiously three rarely two only on major holidays
one and fairly often one the religious folks have just they've given up on us on the heathens on
the show they know one of them do with us good effective probably listening to class it oh there's
the old cheesehead Tommy Thompson first off well thank you for putting me on your programs now
well if you should only croak man for putting them on your show the old cheesehead he drank from
order from a crack how can any see everybody in america's got this c a deal it's called convenient
Alzheimer's and the media just let these people off the hook and we're supposed to forget about
all that crap back during the anthrax stuff and by the way we got any suspects in the anthrax
investigation no just that person of interest who's likely to store in Stephen Handfield any other
suspect anybody arrested for that yet no no and it just goes on and on and they do it you want to
know why they do it because they can get away with it because they can just like why does the
dog Rick is balls because he can same thing they do it because the media gives them a free pass
they can do whatever the hell they want to act as stupid as they possibly can and Tom Ridge and
this guy between the two of them they got a person out like a shoehorn WKYM good afternoon
good afternoon to you sir happy Monday oh here's your resident researcher they dixit with on
channel 51 51 is absolutely correct sir which if you recall for a while they have that on tv
service well what do you mean if I recall I was on it I was on I was on drugs I was on on and
like from a one when the movie ended at night I was on that TV a channel and we used to take calls
and we had to oh it was it was a whole bizarre thing but yeah I was off from like two to five in
a morning yeah there's 51 studios was up on federal up in Fort Lauderdale and 23 before it went
Spanish their big claim to fame was they were the local purveyor of Boza's big cop I'll be damn
which used to I think their studios are up on I've dairy roads somewhere not far from where you
guys are now right by the antenna farm yes this is a rich and very tradition in local
television we have to know what you're is Charlie Fold is probably the last coherent person left
at channel seven now that London the seas got aggressive so and this guy's gone you know what
he he ain't no spiel keys in the rail thing of that yeah have a great tape alley you two sir
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line 46 people
checked in here it said 31 of them never attend religious services and I bless them I commend them
heartily for coming to their senses rarely six very often religiously four only on major holidays three
and then fairly often two is there any other religion where they have like major holidays where
you show up or is it just the the Jews what are you what are you talking about Easter when I said
Christmas services Easter services for the Christians instead of going to the same thing they
first practically mandatory I see just like you're Kimber and Russia Shana's right practically
mandatory for the Jews unless they want to see but the Jews they're not going to burn the hell
because there is no that if you're a Catholic you have all these accessory events that you're
almost required to go to like babies baptisms like if you don't go to one of these baptisms you're
just the devil in fact the only health for Jews is when Julie Roman comes on here it starts spot
and I'd write when cramp that's how that goody two shoes crap that is how I think it's almost
as hellish as a find in Todd Rex hitting it your dinner table for you know with an African
under his chin to catch the blood that's pouring down his head because somebody slid his throat
oh god what a happy new year that would be yeah imagine this on your next mortgage folks imagine
zero closing costs zero application fees zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points you know
that kind of works for Russell Westerz on those cars but zero he always like its S.E.R.O you know
zero or that got bugs me it's the last mortgage you'll ever need the revolutionary only one mortgage
from financial group now with interest rate of just 1.95 percent that means if you have a $200,000
loan your payments are a mighty low 738 bucks a month what's not to like and once you
refinance or get a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever never pay closing
cost again so column today at 1-800-940 land grab yourself real financing power with low rate
mortgage you can move your next property without further cost of expense it's the only one mortgage
from financial group for the tales are you have to do is make that one easy call 1-800-940 land
it's a whole new way to buy you pay zero underwriting fee zero dock fee zero prep him in penalty
and zero closing costs even when you move to another property so get yourself financing it's just
1.95 percent call 1-800-940 land and never ever let me say it again never pay closing cost again
column today 1-800-940 land on the Todd Dreck tour did call they'll be chaplain like crazy
the Renekville Housing lender restrictions apply rates have to change monthly 5.19 APR
we're supporting you five six eight two eight eight
you think the power of money in fact deals to take the votes away from those price killing
Jews it's the hate squad yes the hate squad is coming to your house this Christmas
you hating Republican action figures that teach you how to participate in good twisted Republican
partisan rhetoric
right
the world but they were doing
Chemical
thanks
sold separately
propaganda book
do
explaining how the Jews were threatened from France.
The same good proof of her just wore a green swatheck arm band
and an additional LNT soap painting Uncle Todd.
But hurry, these acts of bigger central available for a short time
only at just up in our eyes.
For 18, so not only was Hillary on,
eat the press yesterday, and you, of course,
what it means when you have an important big effort
on meat to press.
What?
Nothing.
You have whilst was on?
Wesley Clark?
Newtie Gingrich.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, they dragged his ass out again.
I guess where again, can be the Alzheimer's
supposed to forget what a lyre and hypocrite
and phony baloney and philanderer he was.
But anyway, they brought him out and he
ripped Bush pretty good on Iraq.
But anyway, they asked, they were asking about 2008 election.
And they asked him who he thought
to be a public in candidate might be in 2008.
And you know what he said?
I give up.
Get Bush.
Back to the moon.
And you like that?
Sure.
Get Bush.
Makes more sense than this one.
That's what they got in the wings.
That's what they had in mind.
Two terms for daddy was he blew it
on the first one.
Two terms for W. And two terms for J.
Just like the Kennedy's all over again,
but that didn't work out too good.
J. Bush for president.
Who the hell are they, kiddin', huh?
81 votes.
How off?
Oh, and I hate to disagree with you.
One, what's your name on the Comatose, whatever name is?
Terry Shavo Shival.
Shival.
Yeah, what about her?
Pulling a hero over the weekend,
or maybe with the Sunsend will showing
that about 80% of the people in Florida
disagree with the governor would go
with a bush on that issue.
And if she wants to die,
I leave her alone already.
Have a right to die.
Yeah, you do.
I mean, if she wants to die, she wants to die.
How do you know that?
She said it.
She said it.
The storm would be unlucky.
No, in other words,
they disagree with him in her seating there.
No, I disagree with him in her seating.
Well, good.
How often do you attend religious services?
81 people say whatever they do.
Like I said, 93 say 58 never.
62.3%.
As hope for our crowd,
we're all going to burn the hell together.
I'll be doing a show there, by the way.
Health?
Yeah.
Rarely 24.
Well, I did his show in hell for like almost 28 years
and then I got out of there most of the time.
Rarely 24, 25, 28%.
You add those together, Mr.
and you got 88.1% of this audience
who rarely or never attend any of that crap.
Any of that hocus, focus.
Let's get things into focus.
Let me say it again.
The people that wrote all of that crap,
they used to be this storm, people that
they used to be like everything that happened
when it was a goddamn bolt of lightning.
Clap a thunder, man.
You name it.
Super stitious, stupid ignorant people.
Well, the Bible says,
and it's the biggest freaking tax-free business
in the world today.
How the Pope gets a free pass on his crap
with all these millions of people dying
from AIDS in Africa.
Oh, don't use condoms, whatever you're doing, of course.
Those people are, that's the new flock.
You do understand that for the Catholic Church, of course.
Because when people are more desperate,
they become, it's just like, it's Marches in America.
They're all Southern Baptist or whatever they are.
Because the church is like the only hope
that's held out to them instead of like,
even making tangible a hold on to.
So you go to the church and listen to your
phony baloney pastor who went on the internet
like you do and give all of a sudden proof you're a minister.
If there is a black male in America
over the age of 25, who hasn't been or isn't now,
either an athlete or a minister of some sort,
I sure like to know who the hell he is.
You ever met one?
Choice, oh, you said that.
Choice, right?
For the extra.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
All right, I'll get back to you.
Right, yeah, you'll get back to me.
Put your thinking cap on, Mr. okay?
Besides Denzel Washington.
I can't.
How often?
Up to three.
How often you would tend religious services, 93.
Look at that.
And we got 88.1%.
Say, either rarely or never.
I love it.
All right.
And you want to know why I love it?
Because here's an important story for you.
Religious belief becomes the biggest predictor of vote.
This was in over the weekend in Houston Chronicle.
Want to know how Americans will vote next election day?
Watch what they do the weekend before.
If they attend religious services regularly,
they'll probably vote Republican by a 2-to-1 margin.
If they never go, they'll likely vote Democratic
by a 2-to-1 margin.
How do you like that?
All right.
And that interesting?
I do that.
No, you didn't.
I didn't know it could break out.
No numbers.
You didn't know the breakdown?
No.
This relatively new fault line in American life
is the major reason the country is politically polarized.
And the vision of religion and politics
is likely to continue to even grow in 2004.
Because the good book said,
a new pull by the nonpartisan peer research center
for the people in the press this fall confirmed
that the gap remains voters who frequently attend
religious services tilt 63 to 37% to bush.
And those who never attend lean 62 to 38% to a Democrats.
We now have the widest gap we've ever had
between Republicans and Democrats at Andy Kohat,
director of the Pew survey.
Did it was he sitting in his pew, what he said that?
His own pew.
It's the most powerful predictor party
I, the inpartisan voting intentions at Thomas Mann,
no Ken De Amy, a political scholar at the booking
is an Institute, a center left Washington research center.
And in a society that values religion
as much as this one, unfortunately,
when there are high levels of religious belief
and commitment and practice that significant.
And you'll notice that Canada, the neighbor to the north
of you, the religious to fanaticism is way,
I mean, the whole thing about religion
is like on a whole different level.
Yeah.
The United States is the most of all the westernized countries.
They use that term loosely in the world.
The US is by far and away the most religious.
When you get to Europe, I mean, forget about it.
You get to the point, what is the number in Italy?
It's like 7%.
I think it's 7%.
Was it?
I thought it was lower than that.
Or maybe 3% who go to church regularly
and the rest of them, they give the old Bafangula.
They're on to it, man, they know it.
They're in the middle of it.
President Bush is a church going Christian
who often misses theology with public policies
ranging from war on terrorism
to abandon a specific type of late term abortion
by contrast, most leading democratic candidates
were president keep their campaign secular,
seldom mentioning God, religion,
or attending church, except for the occasional
well publicized visit to an African-American church
to try to ponder those fartses.
The most notable exception among top tier candidates
is Senator Jew Lieberman of Connecticut,
a Jew who frequently invokes God, cast policy issues
and moral terms and refuses to campaign on the Sabbath.
Oy!
Pubm in Dread.
The Reverend Al Sharpton is religious to a course,
but Paul showed he's favored by fewer than 1%
of likely democratic voters in the first primary state,
New Hampshire.
Howard Dean said recently that he prayed privately,
but quit being an Episcopite in dispute
with his parish over a bike path,
recently listed God with guns and gaze among issues
that shouldn't influence voting
and doesn't regularly attend church
nor do most of his chief rivals.
How do you like that?
We like Howard Dean even more now than we did before.
Yeah, they do.
Right, you go, boy.
And I sure like them, Jimmy Dean, them Timmy Dean,
I think it's Ken, any Timmy Dean,
that Jew food he makes.
It's wife's Jewish.
He recently listed God with guns and gaze among issues
that shouldn't influence voting
and doesn't regularly attend church
nor do most of his chief rivals.
Thank the Lord.
So like, isn't that exactly what I've been saying
for a long time now?
That's what it's become, America.
You've got the religious nuts on the one hand
who just won't go away like into the code
of somewhere and they were Idaho
with Mark Furman and live happily ever after
and do their own stupid thing.
But you got them against all the rest of the people
with a brain.
People want to think for themselves
and they've been able to be strong enough mentally
and emotionally to emancipate their mind
from all the brainwashing of this bullcrap,
the Santa Claus and the tooth fairy and the God bullcrap.
Yeah, God.
Right.
What a Pollock turd.
The entire world is just throughout the history of man.
It's all we've had.
Slotter and butchery and hate.
All because of my religions better than yours, man.
That's all that's all about.
Yeah, but look at all the good things they did.
Yeah.
You mean like the Crusades or the Inquisition
or what's happening in the Middle East today
or Northern Ireland?
Which one?
All of the Indian Pakistan, right?
All of these things.
Yeah.
Jim and Tammy fan all these other fakeers on TV there.
They the televangelist ripping off these desperate old sick people.
Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.
Oh, I see.
What's not to like tax free by the way?
86% right now out of 129.
None, never ever, never go to church.
78, 61.2%.
Rarely 32, 24.8 that adds up to 86% of my math be correct.
Only on major holidays.
9 very often religiously five.
That's 3.8% and fairly often four.
So we got 6.9% who either fairly often or religiously go to
like all this crap and the rest of our audiences forget about it.
Which I'm proud of that.
Because you have to go you have to like search out of the rocks
to find people who admit that they aren't part of this religious
this God squad is insanity.
Big news.
How the party act GMC is now auto city party act GMC of
Pine Quest expect the same grade needle deals and customers
had a spectacular custom to right now.
Auto city upon crest.
It's an end of the year clearance sale.
All remaining 2003's in stock.
Take advantage of 0% financing for 72 months or save yourself
nine grand with rebate and incentives.
Attention least customers ask auto city upon crest about their
least pull ahead early termination program.
When it out pulled it out, there's even more great deals
at the new auto city party act GMC of Pine Quest for limited
time to sign and drive home your new GMC Sierra with absolutely
no money down.
Absolutely.
It's the new auto city party act GMC of Pine Quest and you'll
fight about one thirty four oh one.
South Dixie highway that's US one across the falls open
every day seven days a week.
If you want more info on those hot deals called the
Neil Deal hotline tool three one.
Tribal eight five three four forty two eleven.
That's one.
Tribal eight five three four forty two of.
And don't forget all for some credit approval.
See the folks at auto city palette the Pontiac.
I'm going to start calling that auto city of Pine Quest used to be
held for details the brand new auto city party act GMC of Pine
Quest low prices without the high pressure.
No that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers.
Was the night for Christmas and all through the house.
That creature was stirring and even a mouse.
I couldn't sleep so I lay there in bed by nine millimeter close
to my head.
I heard noise and I jumped up to see what in the head.
Oh, right.
It could be look around the corners quite hard to believe.
I saw Santa but he did not see me.
I stood there silently.
I didn't make a sound.
He pulled toys from his bag and he spread them all around.
He filled my stockings with cartridges and then he sat down.
For what I saw next is most sure to us now.
He walked to the tree and he tore off a branch.
He reached in his pocket and he pulled out a match.
Scraped off some needles stuck him in his pipe.
Then he struck the match and he gave it a life.
His eyes grew small as cheeks started to glow.
He walked to the tree and he filled another bowl.
I started though but it came out he was a night.
That's Santa Claus caught a bus.
My smoke in my Christmas tree.
Oh, right.
My second graduation Santa Claus did not know that you got high.
He said, how do you think I stand the cold and a wider rainier fly?
Where would I fit all the cookies and milk if I wasn't high?
And that was the night that Santa Claus caught one bus by smoking in my Christmas tree.
Hi, how are you?
Oh.
Come 34 at 560 W. Come to the sun.
Santa was taking a pool.
Who or what is the blame or was the blame for Sundays.
I was the blame.
Here I am hanging on my seat.
What about the pole?
You better hang on, Mr.
Yeah, loosely.
20.6% say J. Feedler.
2.7% Randy McMichael.
31.1% the offensive line.
10.4% nor Turner.
35.2% the loser.
Dave wants that.
All right.
Coach, what did I say before?
I had to fired his ass right after that game.
Hey, Dave, go back to Chicago.
Winner without a banjo on your knee.
Get lost.
I have an offensive line.
Don't say it.
OK.
Here's the fact that it says, although we've not formally met this, this, this,
this printing on here looks too familiar.
Doesn't it?
But, you know, what did I find?
Although we haven't formally met, I've called your show twice.
Happened to be a 31-year-old African-American asmatic atheist who strongly believes walking to my car
is the purest form of exercise.
So now, you know of one.
Feel better now?
I do feel a little better.
Sign KM.
I won't read the last name.
KM.
K-Mart.
Jewish couple decried this charge from the army.
See, there's eight million of these stories.
Why religion?
We have to eliminate it.
That's all.
I have to just teach people there are more things to be concerned about.
You know, like life and sex and the fresh air.
Things that are like tangible and real as opposed to bubble-wise these fairy tales.
Old wives' tales.
Silly crap.
The good book says this.
I mean, let me ask you this.
Do you ever read a book ever of any kind?
And you don't look at who the author is?
No.
No.
Nobody ever reads a book whether it's non-fiction or fiction, whatever,
without, like, at least looking at who the author is and maybe on the back of the jacket.
Reading a little bit about the author, who she is, he is, it is whatever.
To consider the source, is that where you're going?
That's exactly what I'm saying.
But to take this book and I realize that the people who wrote it were just,
and of course all of the other Bibles along with it.
This is just a couple.
The Old Testament, the New Testament, the Koran.
There were 80's Indian Bibles, 80's Indian religions.
They all had a virgin birth.
They all had a crucifixion.
They all had the same fairy tales.
One of the Christians did a better sales job.
That's right.
Because they made people an offer they couldn't refuse.
That's right.
Yeah.
You don't believe me?
Oh, but I'm being.
There you go.
Sort point, preaching at sort point.
Right.
In fact, I think the early founders of Christianity took a line from Santino.
They don't believe your friends will only unice time leaks.
Right.
They don't want to believe your crap.
Or if they don't want to hand over, uh, they're 10% or 15%.
They don't want to be tied in.
You make sure they're riding.
Mm-hmm.
On the flow.
Five say, I don't see much going on this phone now.
I'm really anxious to introduce person view calls here.
But they just don't want to play the game today.
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T line.
Because every time line six is ringing, you know what it's going to be.
W Q I M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Come in there.
Hey, why?
See what I mean?
Every time.
What is it about line six?
It's a mega magnet that line.
Magic line.
I think that's the first one in the roll over.
Oh, they're rolling over.
He ought to roll over.
W Q I M.
Pudge, punch pack in line.
W Q I M.
Hello.
What is it?
Yes, sir.
How you doing today, buddy?
Okay, Pally, how you doing?
Great.
Couple of things.
First of all, in regard to Hillary.
You know, I don't really love her.
I don't really hate her.
I don't get it.
I don't get it.
What did Hillary ever do that she is in line to even be under consideration for the president?
I'll give you two answers.
She introduced that healthcare bill.
I went over like a pregnant pole of Alderman, July, and she was married to the president.
Other than that, I don't know.
Well, of course, now she's a senator.
But other than that, I don't know what.
Well, that's the thing.
Okay.
Having lived in South Florida most of my life, I've run into more than my fair share of New Yorkers, unfortunately.
And even though there are pains in the ass, I would say, at least generally as bright as most Americans,
which is to say as bright as a dim ball.
But in any way, how did they get fucked in to elect her a senator?
I mean, all she ever did was sleep, Bill Clinton, and that certainly was not an exclusive club.
Are you forgetting that Arnold was just elected governor of California in a reason?
No question about it.
So the bar is, in fact, said very, very low.
No doubt about it.
He's a celebrity status, man.
She was a first lady.
I just don't get it.
Well, so then I guess we have all sorts of these people from reality shows to look forward to them getting into politics as well,
because now there's celebrities as well.
Absolutely.
Well, although I guess it could be worse, we could be talking instead about more of the jury fall, well, Pat Robertson type people running for us,
which brings me to my next point.
Yes, sir.
As far as organized religion is concerned, you know, it's great for people that have faith, that need faith, and all the rest of that stuff.
But you know what?
Keep it to yourself.
I don't hear who you pray to.
Don't try and shove it down my throat or up my, can I have a rectum?
Yes.
A rectum.
I hope you already have one.
Yeah, and it's a crutch, and if you need a crutch, you're fine, and it helps you.
But like you said, just keep it to yourself and stop trying to convert everybody else, and using it to spread hate and stupidity.
I don't care anymore who you pray to, then I do.
Who cuts your grass?
Right.
That's your business.
That's your business.
It's not my business, and what I do in the confines of my own home is none of your damn business.
Amen.
So keep it to yourself, and with all that said, I will say, thy gazine.
And the bacteria.
Thank you.
Happy Chanukas, yeah.
5670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lines.
If you want to give your home a new style this holiday season, by replacing that tired old carpeting, let me tell you about lemon.
It's a rust.
They're the easy laminate and it's alternative to expensive natural wood flooring.
Lemon and it's a rust makes sense.
It's the best place to find lemonated wood flooring from the top names in the world.
Peridor, pergro, Wilsonard, Uniflor, Quickstep, and all of lemon and it's a rust flooring is installed by guys who know their stuff, pergro certified installers.
Another good reason why you should call lemon and it's a rust, their prices are so unbelievably low, it'll probably floier.
Right now get their holiday special for just 1495 bucks and just 1495 gets you up to 295 square feet of beautiful, laminate wood flooring.
Unreal.
And lemon, it's a rust will match any legitimate written off for two.
So if you'd like to get yourself with no obligation, a free and home estimate, call lemon, it's a rust toll free.
1-877-773336 and they make it so easy, how can you refuse?
Free carpet disposal, free furniture moving at 25-year warranty.
So this holiday season give your home a new style with beautiful, laminate wood flooring.
Call lemon, it's a rust today, toll free and please thumb it up.
And you'll totally be called 1-877-773336.
Slide in local, your sports radio, 560, QAM, QAM.
Which does the hanky painty?
Who's in the chazest hanky wanky?
Who's in the hanky painty?
Who's in the hanky painty?
We thought he always back his money.
Hey, they tease Bill Clinton about it all the time.
Take all it womanizing low life slime.
But new he shakes and billies all around with his.
That's why we search our targets as a mess.
Who would have thought he would have thought that?
All right, here we go on the next one.
Oh, Mr. Speaker, Mr. Speaker, the committee would like to know,
are those hanky or seeds that can help money in their fields?
I see.
Oh, okay, they're not.
Oh, the committee sees no improvising here.
There'll be no further discussion.
I saw him working on his pick up line.
You come here often, baby, watch your side.
I'm pretty and Republican and all alone.
Hey, buddy, baby, can I give you the phone?
Who would have thought I'd have over the thought that?
Come here, baby, and meet the juice.
Blue King, which does the hanky painty?
Blue King, which does the hanky painty?
Blue King, which has a hanky wanky?
Blue King, which does the hanky painty?
We've got, we always think it's not a game.
Blue King, which does the hanky painty?
Pro 47 at 550 W-1398 people have chimed it on the survey.
How often you attend religious services?
Never 115, rarely 46.
That's 81.2%.
Only on major holidays, 17.
Very often, religiously 13, 6.5%, and fairly often 7.
3.5%. So 10% are a suckered and I mean go suckers do their thing.
Guess it was just on CNN or is probably right now.
I get all the other building collapsing and downtown Toronto again on the theater.
Ralph Reed, remember Ralph Reed?
No. Yeah, you do from the Christian Coalition?
Oh, that guy.
That little BDI looking guy?
Uh-huh.
Who's like one step away?
I think he's Gary Bowers, a twin sister.
Ralph Reed is now the regional campaign director for the southeast,
the campaign coordinator for Bush Cheney.
What does that tell you?
Richard Vigory and Ralph Reed and Gary Bower and all these far-bison,
ultra-finatic goyum.
That's what it's all about.
And of course, you throw Jew Libre in the mix just so the Jews don't get left out.
He's in the wrong party.
The Jews and the religionists are taken over the whole damn country.
That's really where it goes down to.
So whatever progress we made in the last 20 or 30 or 40 years,
in fact, you go back to the UNE because they want to undo all of the FDR.
In fact, that's probably one of the reasons they want to take FDR off the dime and put Reagan on there,
is because they want people to forget about Franklin Roosevelt, a whole new deal.
They want to give us the raw deal.
Pathetic.
And the public is, who's FDR?
Remember, we'd like that.
Jewish couple, they cried discharge from Army.
Raphael and Margaret Chacon were supposed to be seven months into a five-year army commitment by now,
studying to be much needed in interrogators and the war on terrorism,
instead their civilians looking for jobs.
The two were discharged after disobeying orders by skipping class
so they could attend services for Yom Kippur, the holiest day of the Jewish year.
Oy!
Our religion itself says if you're saving somebody's life,
you have to cease the observance Raphael Chacon said,
no one can convince us not going to class when you can make it up, falls out of that category.
The army caused the November 14 discharges a simple matter.
They didn't meet the requirements of the corps, said Tanya Litten,
a spokeswoman at Fort Huachuka, Arizona, where the Chacans were training.
You have to meet the requirements of the corps where we just don't see any story here.
She said the army acted within its regulations on religious practices,
which says it will accommodate religious practices unless a combination
will have an adverse impact on unit readiness, individual readiness,
unit cohesion, morale, discipline, safety, and or health.
Jack Zimmerman, a Jewish Vietnam veteran,
who served 14 years of active duty in the Marines
and 16 more in the Marine Reserves before retiring as a colonel,
said he was shocked to hear about the Chacans play.
Oh my God.
He was shocked. You ready for that?
I observed 30 M. Crippers, how many?
About 30, man.
As a Marine officer, and it was never asked not to, said Zimmerman,
now an attorney in Houston, even in Vietnam,
I was commanding an artillery battery along the DMZ
and was able to return to the name for high holiday services.
The Chacans said the problems began October 4th,
two days before the holiday, when battalion commander Dennis Perkins,
I do like his pancake house, told him not to attend all day services.
They said they were told to go to classes scheduled,
but could go to services after class.
That meant nothing, Raphael, said because classes lasted so long,
so the couple skipped class, attended the service at the Vort's Chapel.
Raphael, chicken 27, knew there'd be consequences when they returned,
and she was right. They gave us a counseling statement
and redisar rights accuses of being AWOL,
which I guess was okay for the president,
and willful disobedience of a lawful order.
Of course, he's a good religious, a good member of the God Squad,
and good standing.
The couple said they were essentially put under house arrest,
and were threatened with military charges and punishment.
We couldn't go to the store, we couldn't do anything,
said Margaret Chacon 26, who also managed a degree from the Sorbonne
and Speaks School in French and Hebrew.
The legal problems disappeared when they filed a complaint
with the Army's Equal Opportunity Department.
The couple said they were simply given a general discharge
that mentions misconduct as a reason behind the return of civilian life.
The couple who married in August after listening together,
staying with the relative in Houston,
and planned to seek work in the New York area.
How do you like that?
With an discharge like this, it's going to be very, very hard
to get a job with a three-letter agency like the CIA or the FBI,
they be saying, how do you like that?
I don't.
Couldn't go to Jung Kipperman.
It was good enough for Sandy Kofak's, it should be good enough for them.
Cruiser, oh, this is a good one.
Curse and carry on leashes, fall off the tech on Bush.
I love it.
You go, John. He's butchered up a little bit.
He's desperate, because he's down landslide margin to the polls now.
He's losing like three to one margin in New Hampshire and a polls to Dean,
because of that face.
That Mount Rushmore face.
Sherlock's pretty presidential.
Struckling 2000 for Democratic wannabe, John Kerry fired an ex-rated attack
at President Bush over Iraq and used the F-word highly unusual language
for presidential contender in a stunning new interview with Rolling Stone magazine.
Senator Kerry used the undiluted exploit of the expresses for frustration
and anger over how the Iraq issue was hurt him,
because he voted for the war resolution while Democratic frontrunner Howard Dean
has soared by opposing it.
I voted for what I thought was best for the country.
Did I expect Howard Dean to go off to the left and say,
I'm against everything? Sure.
Did I expect George Bush to eff it up as badly as he did?
I don't think anybody that had carried told the youth oriented magazine
that he expect George Bush to eff it up.
You go, boy. Nice going.
Frontrunning, Tony. Yeah.
Brookings Institution presidential scholar Stephen Hesse,
he can't recall another candidate attacking a president with ex-rated language
in a public interview. It is so unnecessary, Hesse,
it's in a way it's kind of pandering by Kerry to a group he sees his if.
I think John Kerry is going to regret saying this.
And you should regret saying that, Stephen Hesse,
because Tom Harkett from Iowa, when he ran last time for president,
whatever the hell he year that was, he said,
Vulshmitt about the president, about Bush 1.
Vulshmitt. Yeah.
Kerry yesterday angrily said it is war-recorded in Vietnam
on S by a New Hampshire student about charges that it's unpatriotic
to attend the commander-in-chief fuming.
I left them blood on a battlefield that President Bush never left anywhere.
Two polls this week show Dean leading by a landslide,
three to one over Kerry in New Hampshire.
And M&M, one of my least favorite people.
Yeah.
Once the president did a new unreleased song by the
Vituperity Troid Rimer titled We As Americans Includes the lyrics,
F Money I Don't Rapper Dead Presidents, I'd rather see the president dead.
The track, a pro-gun rant does not specifically mention President Bush,
and M&M has published his devoted interpreting what the lyrics mean.
But he said the reference to dead presidents was hip-hop code for cash.
Right? Sure.
Like when you meet a connection there on a street corner,
I'm Derry in 441.
Yeah. I've been given a 20 dead president's, right?
There may be...
The bootlight track is available on several M&M websites,
also appears in truncatedformymtv.com.
M&M's publicist Dennis Denny,
told the New York Post a song,
which makes a case against gun control laws,
was an unreleased first-rat that may have been ripped off from the rap superstar.
It's an unfinished song, said Denny.
It was lost or stolen.
There's been no determination made on where or how it'll be used or when.
The tune was one of several tracks that have found their way into sever space recently.
Seven songs are stensibly part of an EP called Straight From The Lab,
are circulating on fan sites,
peer-to-peer networks, and hip-hop chat rooms.
Oh, by the way, do you know 50 cent in a murder of two people?
Well, that's what he said.
They had it coming.
Every now and then he says,
oh yeah, he killed two people.
They were going to kill her.
The whole area this year found that a majority of American kids believe M&M's delirics are more credible
than bushes speeches.
How do you like that?
You hear that?
A poll earlier this year found that a majority American kids believe that M&M's delirics are more credible
than bushes speeches.
Oh, that's good, anyway.
Yeah.
And I still can't stand.
It makes me sick and M&M too.
Well, here is one of my,
Sam getting a lot of bedtime stuff in here because Lion Six is bringing it.
I know it's going to be bad.
W-A-Q-A-M.
Uh, yes, I just wanted to know if Neil had seen 60 minutes last night.
I talked about it, yeah.
Uh, oh, you already did?
About Abraham and Fitch,
and then the second story about Carbollon,
about the fact that the guy that made the guy disappear,
and the, you know,
no legal representative talked about it.
Oh, you did.
Okay. Sorry about that.
I've tuned in a little late today.
Okay.
Kind of scary, though, isn't it?
Oh, my gosh.
You know, you think that these guys would be rounded up for work crimes.
Americans want to know why we're stuck.
Why we're being shot up at every day because the same stuff is going to happen.
They went out there, they did the right thing, they elected their own leaders,
they did it democratic way,
and we said, oh, no, not so fast.
Then we took the one guy and spirited him away,
and they still won't tell anybody,
including the 60 minutes, what the charges are.
Oh, it's just like here, Patriot Act, you know.
We live in a freedom.
Good luck to his pal.
And I guarantee one thing, he's not working for Abraham,
probably in Fitch.
Have a great day.
Oh, senior, wait a minute.
You're this.
This is going to, oh, I better do the break.
All right, let me get you a little tease.
Black so, you know,
Black so welcome on the biggest drugs company in the world.
Yes.
Black so welcome says,
our drugs don't work on most patients.
Oh, no.
Oh, yeah.
They cost a lot of money.
Yeah.
Arm and leg, but guess what?
Did they work on most people?
No.
No, although it's not for those Canadian drugs.
Now that's right, those those awful Canadian drugs.
Look at that.
Look at that.
A lot of people swooning and falling over to the place right here.
Probably took two damn and he drugs.
Tension horse racing fans,
Pompo no Park.
Harness and card room was open for its 40th anniversary season.
Right now, as I speak,
that's right there.
Samo Casting going on right this moment.
In fact, you know something?
Nope.
I bet you have put on the racing.
Can you mon lake to be third?
Oh, it's the final words of the call
for my good friend Phil Saltsman, his second race.
Again, genuine regard with just a fur long lap.
And there's the second race that fill it up your park.
Where you can be plunging on all kinds of tracks at Pompo for
Simon Casting any day, seven days a week.
The track features a free admission free general parking every day.
Live harness racing in the Polka room open like today.
And every Monday, Wednesday, Friday and Saturday.
Polker starts at noon at Pompo no Park.
And live racing gets underway tonight, 7.05 p.m.
And every Monday night, like tonight,
there's two for $25 dinner specials in the top of the park restaurant.
Every Wednesday night, two December 17.
The Hooters girls will be at Pompo no Park for a dollar nights,
helping serve draft beers and meeting racing fans.
Did you get out to see the Broward County mumbers on Saturday?
No, sorry, let's start somehow.
I was damn it, busy.
Pompo no Park, like I said, also open every day,
seven days a night, a week featuring the best in harness,
thoroughbred, high-rise, summer casting action from all across North America
for you to watch and plunge your guts out.
Pompo no Park, you'll find it a block south of Atlantic Boulevard on Powerline Road
for that new racing schedule.
You can go online at pompo no park.com or call 9.5.4.
9.7.2.2.2000.
Don't forget a great live racing car tonight.
Every Monday, Wednesday, sat Friday and Saturday,
seven oh five at Pompo no Park.
9.5.4.2000.
And low.
This is 4.30 oh five 60.
You ain't no way, yeah.
I said, yo, yo, yo, it's the one to two hour.
Yeah, boy.
Oh, da, da, da, da, da.
Oh, da, da, da, da, da, da.
Oh, da, da, da, da.
I'm gonna keep on smoothing shade to show a little glazed the next time I'm raping him.
I can go to a surgeon, but that gives me the shivers.
I would not want to walk out looking like Joe Rivers.
Where am I?
I buy a little beast, the fat little freak.
I did him a favor now again, afford any.
The reason I dismissed that stinkin' fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up,
and he can't play conestin'.
Hey, somebody talk, over there.
Nobody talk when I ran.
I ran ten, you'll talk.
Look at me, I'm hitting, hitting, hitting.
I'm a thing done, daddy, man. I'm really dead.
I buy a ready one I want.
I don't care.
But believe me, if they make me flip my wig, make a smelly green hair.
I got fired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs.
So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cocktail, placing bets on the jets.
Paradise, paradise, and I'm pissed nobody's assin' paradise.
I'll be sure that not the screw gets when I get the chance.
But the cleaners aren't ready with my line green pants.
How long does it take?
I'll be calling for play.
It was just the little thought, so what I left this day.
I think that's funny, want another sandwich buddy?
I can do what I want, but the management loves me.
Can I tell you something, Mom?
Something you oughta know.
But the longest time I wanted you to be my goal.
You wipe my tight towel, now I am straight, how long?
Who knew who's the good you do?
I don't take no for an answer.
Look at that, it's not you.
Get me out of here.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
Get up, bitch.
103 at 560 WQIM.
Anyway, CNN sure making a big stir must be a slow news day.
We had one more American soldier killed in a drive by a Mosul,
but they don't want to talk about that.
No.
Because the Uptown Theater in Toronto that collapsed,
they're just hyperventilating and forming it to Mom.
And also what's said on there in CNN, cause unknown.
Is it, uh-oh.
Uh-oh.
Terrorist.
It was a dilampated old building and they were doing construction work inside and like
caved in.
Here we have a fourth alarm here which is to pop me 100 Toronto firefighters.
Is there a danger to the firefighters in the cruise?
Well, certainly.
And so we can support the large ID missing question.
We have an engineer here on the site.
We have to ensure that that the missing supported and when it's supported,
then it would be safer for our cruise to move.
I mean, there were some students inside taking a language course,
but like I think five and they said there might still be one person inside.
But, uh, it's not like the end of the world.
So what I'm saying?
Right.
I don't know if it's the most slow news day, cause they're hyperventilating about it.
That was from a city post I just put on.
I wouldn't put CNN on a story for here.
Would I know?
The whole style of black tar paper when we got in there.
What is that?
What is the debris day?
Well, the roofing felt that you see is typical to a flat roof.
Oh.
Oh.
Anyway, speaking of the flat roof society and the flat earth society.
Before you do that.
Yes.
Thank you, Brad, at Tony, the 1.93rd and 4.41 for this wonderful lunch today.
Oh, thanks, Brad.
Okay.
And it's delish.
Yes, it is.
I can almost smell it right here.
Anyway, a senior executive with Britain's biggest drugs company admitted that most prescription medicines do not work on most people who take them.
That's not funny.
Alan Rosas rhymes with Moses, worldwide vice president of genetics at Blacksauce Smith Klein, GSK, said fewer than half the patients prescribed some of the most expensive drugs actually derived any benefit from them.
It is an open secret within the drug industry that most of its products are ineffective in most patients, but this is the first time that such a senior drug boss is on public.
His comments come days after it emerged that the NHS drug bill is served by nearly 50% in three years rising by 2.3 billion pounds a year to an annual cost of the taxpayer of 7.2 billion pounds.
This is English, of course.
GSK announced last week that 20 more new drugs under development that could each year in the company up to a billion dollars a year.
Dr. Rosas, an academic geneticist from Duke University of North Carolina, spoke at a recent scientific meeting in London where he said it figures on how well different classes of drugs work in real patients.
Drugs for Alzheimer's disease work in fewer than one in three patients, whereas those for cancer only effective in a quarter of patients.
Drugs for migraines, osteoporosis, and arthritis work in about half the patients.
Most drugs work in fewer than one in two patients mainly because the recipients carry genes that interference some way with the medicine.
Some of the three analysts at Dr. Rosas comments were reminiscent of the 1991 gap by Gerald Ratner, the jewelry boss, who famously said that his high street chops are successful because they sold total crap.
But others believed Dr. Ratner, how do you like that?
All the crap you can unwrap.
You got it.
But Dr. Rosas is a credit for being honest about it.
A little publicized fact known of the drug industry for many years.
Rosas is a smart guy.
What he is saying will surprise the public, but not his colleagues at one industry scientist.
He is a pioneer of a new culture within the drug business based on using genes to test for who can benefit from a particular drug.
Well, that would be nice to know before you took it.
Unless you're just wasting the money and the pills.
That's just by it needed.
By the way, did you know that Republicans like pork?
Yeah, good.
Before they took control of Congress nearly nine years ago, Republicans often mocked the Democratic practice of larding government spending bills with provisions that earmarked funds for pet projects in particular lawmakers districts and states.
But a $328.1 billion bill that the Republican let houses going to pass today funding a grab bag of government agencies takes earmarking the greater heights and uses it for what Democrats claim are new partisan purposes.
What a surprise.
The bill includes an eye popping number of earmarks around 7,000 by one is to make it a cost of several billion dollars of this spending bill.
And by the way, before we go to the moon, how about if we spend that money on like, you know, Homeland Security?
Shut up.
So we still might be around to be able to go to the moon.
I mean, talk about desperate.
Other spending bills bring the grand total for the year to more than 10,000.
10,000 pieces of pork.
In that long list are big items, items big and small from $100,000 for street furniture and sidewalks in Laverna, Alabama, the $44 million for bridge to treasure island in Florida, a plumb for the Tampa Bay District of House appropriations chairman CW Bill Young.
But more than that, to a degree unseen since their 1995 takeover, the majority Republicans are publicly flooding their power to use pork for explicitly partisan purposes.
Traditionally, the dominant party oils the legislative machinery by setting aside a healthy fraction of earmarked funds for the minority this year when a key section of the spending bill Republicans got stingy.
They were irate when House Democrats voted on mass and July against their version of the annual spending bill for the labor education and health and human services departments.
Added punishment in the labor health and education provisions of the pending bill.
They're denying Democrats the customary minority share of what you domestically are known on Capitol Hill as member projects.
Increasingly, Republican critics such as Jeff, a representative Jeff Flake of Arizona, are isolated voices when they criticize their own party for outdoing the Democrats in the lavishing of pork.
Republicans ridiculed this forever, but now we're in and we'll see how much fun it is Flake said there's no shame anymore.
Among his favorites, an omnipotent spending bill sarcastically that is $75,000 for a North Pole transit system in Alaska.
$200,000 for a program at Cleveland's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and $325,000 for a swimming pool in Salinas, California.
The authorship of some earmarks is easy to determine. Most of the last items, for example, are inserted into spending bills by Senate appropriations, chairman Ted Stevens and obnoxious Republican from Alaska to benefit his home state.
The same is true for a project champion by Senator Robert Burr, the committee's ranking Democrat for a state West Virginia, but a vast number of earmarks are harder to trace because the legislative language does not identify who suggested them.
Ready for that? No.
So while Rome is the burning and your oil is fiddling and they're spending your money like it's coming out of a faucet, but we can't afford to do this and we can't afford to do that.
And the new Medicare bill of course leaves the old folks out in the in the lurch between two and two and five grand.
We're going to the mood.
Boy, if they could if we could just find a way, remember the Chinese of spacemen. Yeah, maybe we could have some fellow passengers for them.
I think I've been all seeing dutch land uberales together on a way up. Global warming could submerge three large Indian cities.
Here's another example of the kind of fairy tales you get from this administration.
I think it's appropriate that the religious nuts and these people are like all tied in together because they specialize in spinning fairy tales.
Global warming could submerge three of India's biggest cities beneath the sea by 2020 unless the crisis was brought under control and Indian scientists warned yesterday.
If the warming continues, there'll be about half to one meter increase in sea level by 2020 and cities like Bombay, Calcutta and Madras will be completely submerged.
Said Rajiv Negama, scientist with the geological oceanography division in the Western Indian state of Goa.
He said a one meter rise in sea level could cause a hundred and forty seven and a quarter billion dollars worth of damage and property to go out alone.
If this is the quantum of damage in a small state like Goa that has only two districts, imagine the instead of property loss in metros like Bombay, he said.
He also predicted the global warming would cause frequent cyclones along the coastal areas and affect the annual monsoon rain, which is crucial for India's from dependent economy.
And for those of you who say, well, who the hell cares about India, George and I were discussing before the show today Florida will be next since your three feet above sea level, right?
See? Not not for long we won't.
No, under the sea.
There's no such thing as global warming, okay?
It's just those three hundred dollar bill I can about that.
Just let the big business people just trust them, okay? They'll do the right thing. Of course they will.
Just let them control those emissions.
How often you attend religious services, we asked in our second poll today, 258 people have chimed in.
Never 149, rarely 63 that's 82.1%. Only on major holidays, 21, very often religiously, 13, 5% fairly often 12, 4.6%.
So we have under 10% of this credit like fairly very into the God squad thing.
That's good. We're working on them. Feeders, not good enough.
We're trying to deprogram the amasses out there from all of this crap from believing the word of idiots that lived thousands of years ago that were so primitive they didn't know that every time it rained it was an act of God.
And let me say it again, who's going to get the concession on that arc?
Man, would you like to have the sanitation concession on that thing before the fact that after 12 minutes after one at five 60 W.
Look at that. The way that phone is now, man, just like it. No, it's just, you know, that's okay. I got piles here, man.
I got piles of stuff, but I thought we'd like interspers here and it didn't you?
Well, I thought that.
Let me tell you about a great place where they're interspersing great value with great service, the name, brand quality.
And that's brandy shoes and pompano beats this year's celebrate in 25 years and doing you folks right in South Florida.
They got a fantastic select. It means a woman's famous brand shoes rock ports echo is Mephisto Timberland Clarks S.A.S. Floresham.
You want them? They got them. And no matter how big or smaller your feet are, they can fit you perfect because they got all the sizes.
Men 6 to 15 women's five to 12 and which from the very, very narrow to the very fat and wide.
And with over 40,000 parents stock in their 8,000 square foot megastore, you can get bet Ralph Reed's life on it.
But exactly what you're looking for is in stock ready to slap on your foot. Brandy shoes, you'll find them in that same great location.
1290 North Federal Highway, pompano beach, open Monday through Saturday, 9 to 9 Sunday, 10 to 5.
All this wicked brandy's men's rock port pro walkers are only 4890.
You can also save up to 57% of the select rock port styles this week at Brandy's.
Stop in the store. Visit them on the web at brandy shoes dot com.
When you get your arrow, put some soy sauce on.
And cloud cut off to me, you know what?
Seven.
Lunch time over all the dinner now.
Four.
Three.
Unless you tell us three go put on and get the rest of the team.
One, two, three, four, four, four, twenty three, seven, ten.
But you live outside on the living room every hour.
And that's how come you gotta come and pick it up.
Yeah, I mean, so the back door.
Yeah, this is major want to come.
A true.
I got off you can create.
How the heck I supposed to be the one time fool.
When you forget to give me a present school you fool.
What's this?
Why you don't give me my sub packet?
I must attack it to put on.
To be taken.
My boy, this is gonna be real bad fight.
You're not about my poor friend, raise.
What do you think he is?
So Todd, chronic Todd and Hollywood says if Bush wants to go to the moon speaking of that bit, why doesn't he move to Arizona with the rest of the scene now old Farts in America?
Just wondering says Todd.
Good question.
And soon one killed is the uptown theater collapses this from the Toronto star.
The rear of portion of the old uptown theater in downtown Toronto collapses this morning,
and came in the roof of an adjacent building killing one person and trapping others in the rubble.
According to Toronto fire chief Bill Stewart, 14 people have been pulled from the rubble and sent a hospital for treatment.
One other person is still trapped inside.
Police would only say the deceased is a male who was confirmed dead at the scene.
Collapse have in 1030 this morning while demolition crews are working on tearing down the shuttered Toronto landmark.
Now you see the difference between the real story and CNN which says,
a cause of the collapse isn't known.
Right.
The rear portion of the old uptown theater in downtown Toronto collapses this morning,
caving in the roof of an adjacent building.
Stewart said while demolition crews were working on tearing down the shuttered building.
Got it? Is it difficult to understand why it caved in?
No. Could you go over it again?
Yeah, just in case anybody from the Miami CNN bureau is listening, you idiots.
They've had all the Toronto firefighters and police on here on the air.
Why can't they get it straight?
Remember what I was telling you last week about reading the crawl on the Iranian CNN?
Right.
Don't think you're ever going to get anything remotely close to reality on that.
Assholes.
Kind of these suck.
Do they?
NRA looks to buy media outlet and be exempt from election rules, speaking of right wing assholes.
Hoping to spend as much as it wants on next year's elections,
the National Rifle Association is looking to buy a television or radio station
and declare that it should be treated as a news organization exempt from spending limits in the campaign finance law.
Just looking for a little bit of a loophole,
we're looking at bringing a court case that were as legitimate a media outlet
as Disney or Vy.
Camera time-order, the NRA's executive vice president, the goofy Wayne Loppa here, told the AP.
Why should they have an exclusive right to relay information in the public?
And why should not NRA be considered as a legitimate news sources they are?
That's never been explored legally, he said an interview.
The nation's gun lobby is talking with potential investors about an NRA broadcast outlet
that is considering all possible funding sources, including gun manufacturers' law peers.
If the NRA were to be considered a media organization,
it would be free to say what it wanted about candidates at any time
and spend corporate money to do so, such as for commercials.
The right wing group financed in part with corporate money is now vandal of the campaign finance law
for money ads just before election that mentioned federal candidates who were on state's ballots.
The four million-member group has long been one of Washington's most powerful and anxious lobbies.
It has spent millions of dollars over the years trying to influence elections toward candidates
who oppose gun controls in support of a position that Americans have an incontestable right to bear arms
and are just as crazy of gun nutters as they are.
How do you like that?
Eh, whatever.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
The reason that we're not getting a lot of response now is because we're not spending all of our time
bemoaning the dolphin loss yesterday, crying up a storm,
and in fact, I'm taking great delight in it.
Number two, all of that out of shape because the Marlon sent punch packing.
Well, it's not too late. You could start. Start one. Bemoaning.
There's not a call on the board there. We're doing screen listeners. Nobody even on there.
Because that's what we should be talking about today to satisfy the South Florida audience.
We got cheated. We got cheated. We got cheated.
Talk about anything that means anything.
Yeah. 5, 6, at last call for calls, man.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a gate TNT in Verizon line.
And if you think I'm taking that line, 6 first, you're dreaming.
WQAM.
WQAM.
I got something to say.
Do you?
I locked my bra. I locked it in my boyfriend car.
All right. WQAM.
Oh, hey, Neil. Good afternoon. Happy holidays.
Happy holidays to you, sir. It sounds like the folks are off to an early start.
Yeah. Neil.
Yeah.
That's one of the few things that's going on down here in South Florida. The sky's still falling.
Yeah.
The sky's still falling. He's turning up the radio so he can squeeze himself out.
Here's the sound of his own voice. Squirt. Squirt.
Wow. That was quick. WQAM.
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir.
I'm pissed off about a couple things to see if I can get it off my chest.
Go right ahead. Pull it off your chest.
First of all, I think why the hell did they let Wants that come back to my am?
They should have buried his ass over there in the sand and the snow up north.
Yeah.
Second of all, why is that right after that game, sir?
In half time.
During the half time festivities, I would have took them out in the middle of the field and fired his ass right on the spot.
Right. Right on the field.
Frontier made a unrest on the PA system and thrown snowballs at him.
Absolutely.
Correct.
And the other thing that I'm really pissed off at is that why is it that in every other country when the government does something that the people are opposed to?
They go out in masses and they go and complain and they close the streets down there and over here, but they're just sitting down and like,
how's their thumbs up their ass or something? I don't know.
They're too busy looking for bargains, man. They're shopping till they drop out.
On a rainy day, Pally, they want that blows, which is good for the Patriots by the way.
We're delighted to see him getting outcoats week after week.
Most of the time except when they're playing like a little girls team or a team that doesn't show up on a given day.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Boy, that came a week from tonight.
Wow. Is that going to be something or what?
Woo! Man. Get the smelling salts for that baby.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Wow. Is that going to be a good one?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes, I am.
Good afternoon, sir. Mary Christmas, happy holidays to you.
I just want to say that.
I'm happy that he's in holidays to you.
That's often launched yesterday. It was the best thing that could happen to them, man.
I'm a season ticket holder. I'm a fan.
And I want David out of here so bad.
I didn't want him from day one. He makes me sick.
And I watched that game on my father.
And he said, one step.
That's either Danish or German.
I said, he's Danish.
Bob, he doesn't have enough balls to be German.
They need to get him out of here.
That's the holiday deal.
I'll talk to you about that.
Thank you, Sally.
See, they are a rubber.
They want to spend the entire day.
We blew it today, man.
We should have done the whole thing on it.
I've done a sports show.
You can take on a nap.
You can take it on a nap.
Sure, I've got a pillar.
Right. What else is new?
Oh, seriously, we could have done the whole damn thing on.
What's the story? What's the problem?
I mean, it's important stuff.
Sure. Yeah.
I mean, aren't we cursed in South Florida, George?
A curse at it.
We're a curse at, man.
First of all, the dolphins just don't even show up.
And just an enemica excuse for an offense in New England
and a snow in a game of the century for them.
Don't even put a single point out of board,
which is kind of hard and football to put one point on the board.
But nevertheless, none.
Zero.
A goose egg.
And then we find out last night that the deadline comes
and goes into Marlins and sent punch packing.
All you want, it was like a hundred million a game.
Something like that.
To keep feeding his fat ass.
I would tell you, you know how I feel about the sports nerds.
But you know the ones that really pissed me off more than any.
Are the ones who try to justify the greed that has caused so many of us
to like just abandon sports period.
About 90%.
I know them.
They still support it.
Oh, you're wrong about that.
And you'll, these guys go out there and they have to go to training
and blah, blah, blah.
And they have the right to put them up in the field.
For like 15 and 20 million a year.
And let me say it again, which I noticed we have an at one call
about the NHL, those phony attendance figures and how the Panthers
are trying to goose up the numbers to impress Gary Beddon.
Who the hell are you, people?
Kid and man.
Alan Cohen, you may be a nice guy.
I never met the guy.
But you know about running a hockey club.
He could stick up.
Wayne's asking everyone for the Chinese army left over.
And all the blockbusters.
There's two, which you can stick in there.
And the automation franchises as well.
Who the hell are you guys?
Kidding.
They aren't drawn flies to that place.
And so what they're doing to every season ticket order,
give it away, offering free tickets for one game.
So they're thinking, and they're even bleeding up to tell you,
oh, well, we want to put on a good show.
So Commissioner Bremen will think that we really have some interest here.
That this is a viable franchise.
Right.
127 at 560 WDQ.
Why not let the number one Asian buffet restaurant?
And we'll coast to all the cooking for this holiday season.
Reserve your holiday party now.
And we'll coast going to accommodate even the largest groups stuff.
Start out that math.
Rodney, see, I'm already tongue tied just from thinking about it.
Start that math.
Rodney eating experience with six different soups or whichever ones you like.
And then sample dozens of succulent on trades near strip made order
through sizzling Asian grill along with their brand new seafood saying,
you can enjoy oysters on a half shell every night.
There's lots more to try the relascan stone crab, middle neck clams,
jumbo shrimp scampi and lots of thermators on the weekends.
If you still have room sample, their hand card prime rib plus
the new Thai specialties too.
The animal coast always promotes healthy living.
They cook all other fine cuisine with only cholesterol free oils.
And of course, no MSD, no starch, no crap.
There were faith reaches a full salad bar.
The new sushi bar fresh rim cocktail.
And because you deserve it, the animal coast features a full dessert station.
So try to save a little bit of rumour just jam something in your pants.
They got Belgian waffles, pies, cakes, pastries, ice cream with all your favorite toppings,
even fresh fruit, the perfect ending to a gigantic pig out of the animal coast.
Three locations for you and sound floater.
They're on sunrise at Pine Island on 44th Street,
column seven and just north of 163rd Street north of Miami Beach.
And also at the intersection of flamingo and pepper grids and prestigious
pember pines.
So take the whole family or book your next business luncheon right now.
For the holidays, let the folks do the cooking for you at the animal coast.
Take out the delivery always available to call 954-5723822-954-5723822
for the world famous animal coast Chinese buffet.
I am local of the 60s, 560s, the radio door is on.
You win!
Stensh of palminor covers over this performance by the Dalton.
The Dalton is a famous animal coast.
Miami has the dolphins there the worst football team.
They club the ball from goal to goal like no one's ever seen.
Oh!
They're on the ground that's where they'll stay.
They're never in control.
And when you say Miami, you're talking toilet holders there the Miami doll.
I am a dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
I'm a good man.
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphins.
Don't bet on them you'll always lose.
They don't know how to tackle.
They don't know how to block.
Their coaches ought to tell them to but benday in their jocks.
Then they would run much faster and even in defeat.
When we go to the stadium we'll see Miami.
And there the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin.
The team that hasn't got a clue.
Miami has the dolphins but the dolphins have no fans.
Just 50,000 assholes sitting in the stands.
They watch the game and all they do is mown and gripe and bitch.
I wonder how Jo Rabi got to be so goddamn rich and they're the Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Oh, Miami dolphins number.
How many teams in a week?
I am a dolphin.
I am a dolphin.
I hear the crowd begin to boo.
The dolphins have J.Fiedler that quarter backs at you.
Run down the field and he will throw a pass over you.
I'll never win a super bowl you shouldn't be surprised.
When he gets cut that doesn't mean that he was certain size in there.
The Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
How many teens in a week?
I am a dolphin.
Miami dolphins.
J.Fiedler calls his signals in Hebrew.
The dolphins have no defense and their offense is a joke.
Like George Bush eating pretzels.
You know they're gonna choke.
They'll always disappoint you when they're in a playoff race.
With fewer points than Pac-Marx on high zingas ugly face in there that.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins number.
Oh what the hell 32.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Miami dolphins.
Now they're through.
Oh.
Okay everybody feel better now?
I'll ride.
I'll be a log of two but I should be a real wake this afternoon between two and four.
My god.
Anyway how often you attend religious services.
Maybe you could pray for the dolphins.
Couldn't hurt.
They'll need it Monday.
316 people on here.
Never 177.
We never go to church.
56%.
Rarely 81.
25 point like I said 82.
25 point five.
Rarely go to church.
That's so let's see together.
That's 82 and a half percent.
81 and a half percent.
Only on major holidays 28.
Very often I go religiously 16.
4.9 percent and fairly often 15.
4.6.
That's 9.5 percent.
9.
Yeah.
Not bad huh?
I'll take it.
I'll tell you who's really getting religion to cockroaches you wonder why?
Why?
The cockroaches are celebrating as the US leads way toward new nuclear arms race.
That's right.
It'll be all there is pretty soon.
The energy and water appropriations bill signed from president Bush last week is being celebrated by cockroaches the world over.
The bill among other things provides funding for research and developing nuclear weapons with first right capability.
Oh my god.
We are now one step closer to nuclear war and if the path we're following is pursued with logical conclusion, the information age will be followed by a radioactive cockroach era.
The tragic irony here is that while the president speaks forcibly about the need to stem the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, his administration is pursuing power.
The policies that is likely to inflame the global threat.
The entire story will be on our website tomorrow from Common Dreams or Dotwork.
I just mentioned that in passing cockroaches maybe have a party for the holidays.
5.6.7.05.60, pound 5.60 on it.
Well listen, he's got his policies have to be good for somebody right?
Right.
The Roaches.
Another kind of you're interested in?
No.
There it is.
Somebody to QIM?
Yeah, I was just wondering being the dolphins are a little bit of a trouble.
But if we remember what happened with the Marlins, maybe we can rally and maybe even get over to the panthers and let it all become one big group and then we can get all three trophies to this.
There you go.
Yeah.
I think you got your thumb on him, man.
Woo!
I think I'll take your thumb off.
Release some pressure.
He's got his thumb on it too tight.
Yeah.
Let's rally behind the city rally behind the Marlins.
No.
No, they just took off and started winning every day by themselves and all of a sudden when they got into playoffs then.
Hey, that wasn't rallying behind anybody.
That was jumping out of Van Wagon.
Only the last few games of the season they had some big grouts when it became obvious that there was something going on there.
There's something going on with the dolphins, all right?
You can smell it.
I can smell it right here.
I can open up the window in Toronto where I can...
Oh man.
That's that dolphins stench.
That common or stuff that Mad Dog's talking about.
That's Dave Wands that just blew a big one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, as far as the Panthers are concerned.
You notice no comment about that.
And of course we have like 10 other season ticket holders.
Maybe more than 10.
About 30, man.
I'm sure you got the same email that I got.
Oh yeah, we want to put a good show on for Gary Beppman to commission her when he comes into town.
So please take advantage of the four free tickets for that game.
So it looks like there's people who really want to buy tickets for this crap or putting out there.
Say only four.
Yeah, only four.
Well, I am sure if you ask for more, you get all you want.
Maybe not four tickets, maybe like four sections.
I want to bring my church.
WDQIM.
Yeah, thank God, me and doesn't live by sports alone.
Right, amen.
You be in big trouble.
You know, the Pedge Packer, where else is he going to get his money and now I have to pay a state income tax?
They're a good point.
Nice to see them.
Send them back to Puerto Rico.
Yeah, okay.
With his fat ass, thank you.
Yeah, screw him.
There's whiny comments.
Yeah, the guy is made when he was in Texas, he was making millions of millions.
And I have no idea how much he's made in his career, but he's made more in his career than in it.
And then all of us put together will make it our lifetime.
Put together, okay?
No question about it.
And yet it's still not good enough and why didn't they even offer me a new raise at one the MVP in a series?
Cry your ass out of town on the bus, okay?
Beener, get lost with your big fat ass and your statue, your monument to yourself on your front lawn there.
What a clown.
And by the way, maybe a few more hail marries in a couple of crossings yourself.
I'll give you the extra few million next season.
Yeah, that's what he needs.
See, he didn't do it up Hail Mary, that was his problem.
Boy, what's the problem?
One of the problem I'm a grande.
What is it?
I'm cool, grande.
Oh, yeah.
You can say that again.
20 till two at five sixty.
I beg your pardon?
Nothing.
What are you saying?
I said, not on a bet I couldn't.
I'm just going to sit here.
I'm not going to do the break.
I'm just going to sit here and wait.
I'll wait until the hell freezes over.
Man, it can't even get on today.
I'm just going to sit here and sit here.
We're sports radio five six.
UAM.
On the North Korean food channel, Chef Kim brings us a basting shore from West Ninsta.
Kim's canine cuisine features shepherd soup and a bulldog broth served with collie coles and a french pooh fries.
What does a poodle like this fetch now a day?
I don't know.
Here boy, Fetch.
I understand, Collie reheats ball too.
Yep, just nuke it up.
The won't that upset the US government?
He's the basting shore from West Ninsta tonight on a Korean food channel.
Violation.
Violation.
Violation.
Violation.
Violation.
I got a great website for you.
And now I can't find it.
No, I'll dammit.
Tontas del culo.
.com.
Yeah.
I'm telling you.
Okay.
Left now.
Really?
Yeah.
Type it in.
Tontas del culo all on word.com.
It'll keep you busy while you're sitting there.
Redford praises Reed, but blast bushes energy bill and Nevada stuff.
Robert Redford, active and long time conservationist Robert Redford, criticizes the motion
administrations, energy legislation calling it one of the worst bills he's seen in his lifetime.
Absolutely correct.
At a news conference before attending a fundraiser for a democratic Nevada senator, Harry Reed,
Redford said the bill was flawed from the start since it was designed behind closed doors
by Vice President Dick Cheney in oil industry executives.
It is one of the greatest disgraces of my time, Redford said yesterday.
It's a bad bill, a horrible bill, said Bobby.
I believe that now for my lifetime I've never known a time more threatening and dangerous
to the American people at large or the country large on a wide range of issues he added.
Redford said the legislation places too much dependence on fossil fuels and not enough stress
on alternative energy sources and conservation measures.
Republican Congressional leaders have ordered to return the measure early next year after failing two senate votes,
sort of two votes sending a bill to Bush November.
How do you like that?
Even Bobby Redford knows.
The nose knows.
5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60.
Come on, let's can early start here.
Call in right now and start be moaning the dolphin and the pushback.
Chica Thruza's gratis.
See there you go grab one.
I'm just reading some of the stuff on this.
I told you but I'm telling you can I put my finger on it or what?
Oh I don't want to put my finger on too much of that.
Now what I'm seeing there 5 6 7 0 5 60 we're doing screenless and it's desperate.
It must be the holidays or maybe they want to talk about important stuff.
I doubt it.
They don't even weigh in.
QA.
Speaking now please.
Speaking.
Still A.
Wait in his finger.
Did you see what happened to his brother?
Yeah we handed on to him.
Wasn't his brother was his son get it right.
God.
So many stupid people and so little time.
Did you see what happened to his brother?
We had the story on three hours ago sir and it wasn't his brother was his son and it wasn't the first time.
It was the second DUI okay.
I just mentioned that in passing.
Did you see what happened to his brother in law?
Oh God.
And I'm sitting here I'm going to like change the world on WQ way in Miami.
We're going to change the world.
Right.
We saw all the problems in the world right here before to a clock no less WQ I am speaking.
Speaking.
Speaking.
Oh Neon.
Sorry.
That's okay.
Don't be sorry.
Please.
It's just it's just the day you know it.
It seems like only two or three months ago they'll be living a blessed city with with the hard gains and the fins and.
Right now look at it.
Now it's a piece of crap thank God I'm not there man.
Oh I'm telling you you're so lucky to be in Toronto.
Right amen.
Please someone ate in a row by the way the Raptors for in a row.
I don't want to rub it in.
Anyway goodbye to Puts.
Okay.
Yeah they'll punch back for you Puts.
They'll be more than happy to pack you know what one of the Puerto Ricans eaten and watch your language.
What's their specialty?
I'm afraid I wouldn't know.
Yeah what is there like a cuisine?
I mean Canada of course we don't have much of cuisines like Canadian bacon and the back smoke meat and Montreal.
Right.
I mean you know not much but Puerto Ricans what is their thing?
One will have to call and tell you.
We'll have to talk to a weekend maybe we can work on it tomorrow.
Hey Ralph.
Yep right that's right PR Ralph can faxist tomorrow let us know what the Puerto Ricans eat that we can see on the year.
In fact I think you're looking at some of it on that website.
It's I am.
WQIM.
Yes Cassie we talked to Laura please.
Speaking she's right here.
Woody.
Yeah.
The anxious Woody WQIM.
Hello.
Yeah Neil.
Yes sir.
Yeah I'm calling about I don't remember a few remembered on one they liberated back that the son of Rumpso that idiot compared it to the liberation of Paris.
Yeah.
No more two.
I sure I sure don't remember the Parisians killing the allies and murdering the allies the year after that they liberated them.
Yeah but these guys just we didn't remind them to welcome us with candy and flowers we forgot to remind them before we started bombing.
That was the problem.
Have a great day Pally.
Yeah they're going to welcome us with open arms and open barrels.
That's what they're doing.
They're not talking about that too much for some strange reason in the media.
They just put it as a crawl on the bottom of the screen.
It's not even a news story anymore.
We had one one person die here in Toronto.
I mean it's an unfortunate thing.
When it collapsed to that old theater that they were tearing down.
But the fact that it matters wouldn't you think that when an American soldier dies in Iraq.
It's a much bigger story than some little cave in building in Toronto.
To the rest of the world.
I would certainly think so wouldn't you.
Anybody with a half a brain cannot see an end.
Certainly not news network because they're part and parcel of the goddamn problem.
And then they put on their dog and pony show there with mother Tucker Carlson and Paul Vagalla.
The right now can try controversy.
All I'm Mr. Ego all of that crap.
And it's all just a bunch of stage crap or like the days when no vac is on.
Have you ever seen when he hosts that show when he's on there?
No.
Really?
Really?
When you see what a great URNList and broadcaster he is and it gets to the end of the show.
And of course he's got that angry look on his face.
Join us again tomorrow for another dish of cross fire.
I mean, they should they should gong him off the stage.
That's right.
Now the gong show that they gonged his ass off of it.
Right.
And with a real fake pony trying to be like a, oh please.
I'll just show business to take insurious stuff.
People are dying who shouldn't be dying every goddamn day.
The whole world isn't a balance of it and they got a goddamn dog and pony show gunna.
I'd rather watch the goddamn Westminster camera call myself.
I am law.
Is this 420 suffice?
It's 2 AM.
The crime site she's only got one eye.
I'm a copeteepig.
Tell them Ellen Chelle, I'll invert the unit Caljabron and GE.
Nord Drop and Run, MCI, World Tom Faker and Fod's KLR and Care McKee.
And Love Ground and Root, Carlisle and the Rendon Root, Murder Docs Fox News and Reuters, some young bull.
Choice Point Democracy by Gated Face Technologies, Chuck Agel's Di Bold, Blocking Out Your Bull.
George Bush is a liar, 6.911, 4.0 Global Empire, George Bush is a liar,
6.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5
5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 6.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5,911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.911, 5.910, 5.9 , shows Book of God, and Seth Production!
I'm so moving, correct.
156 at 560 WQA.
And so we have, I'll tell you,
Arizona ballman since you whipped him in a shape.
You know, that's great about the cockroaches.
I sent it to him to put on tomorrow's website.
He's got it on there now.
All right.
Sean Gonzalez about the cockroaches will be celebrating.
All right.
Once we see that gigantic mushroom cloud, baby.
Like mushroom soup myself more than the mushroom cloud.
Yeah.
Mushroom soup.
Mushroom soup.
Mm-hmm.
Nothing like it.
366 people have registered godliness or lack thereof on a pool.
How often you attend religious services?
The reason I took that pool today was because only 7.5% of the audience on the pool we took
over the weekend said that one thing they disagree with me most about is religion.
Only 7.5%.
Which I thought was pretty dang good.
206 of you say you never go to religious services.
Never 56.2% to which I commend you highly.
I mean, you consider on ticking your nose and spend your time more productively and
enjoyably.
Just don't bleed.
Right.
Rarely 92, 25.1%.
So that's 81.3% either never or rarely attend services.
Only on major holidays 31.4.
So what's that 81.3 at 8.4 is 90.3 or 7?
Something like that, right?
I don't know.
Take your work for it.
Fairly, well, I can tell you exactly what it is because it's 90% because the 10% are
like fairly often 19 and very often religiously 18.
So that's 10%.
Got it.
Got it.
Out of 366.
That's promising, man.
Now if we can just spread the word that God before talking about spreading the dolphin
to the Marlon thing and the panties, yes, spread this.
Spread your cheeks.
He's got a lot of practice.
No doubt.
I'll tell you who's a real asshole speaking of that.
Yeah.
Well, I'll tell you Bill Mar is not only is he a poor man's dick, Kevin.
Bill Mar is comedy for people who are too stupid to understand Al Franken and Michael
Moore.
See what I'm saying?
He's an idiot.
You call it an absolute moron.
Wasn't he the one that wrote that book if you write alone, you're writing with son
with Osama?
Still, I don't know.
Some crap like that.
Should've wore a lot of pancake though.
I know that.
Oh, man.
It's a moron.
And he's never said anything funny in his life.
He's not interesting.
He's not witty.
He's just a little nerd, a little nebish.
Bill Mar is made another stab at career suicide reports the New York Daily News.
The Bush fashion comics, then some of Hollywood's most powerful liberals by joking about
Bill Clinton's sexual indiscretions and a benefit honoring Senator Swoolery Clinton.
New York's junior, junior senator was accepting an Oceana partners award in the LA last Wednesday
for her work on environmental issues.
Mar MCD event, which is also honoring a Marine Explorer, Jean Michael Cousteau, as well
as Ron Howard and his imagined partner, Brian Glazer.
Among the enemies in the audience, Rochie and a board member Ted Danson, Leo DiCaprio,
Highly old, keeper, Sutherland Dianne Lane, Josh Brolin, Jake Killanahal.
Wasn't he in that movie with the little munchkins?
And Kurt Kirsten, Dunst, Norman Lear, and Jeffrey Katzenberg.
Marv began bringing up Bill Clinton's blow jobs with her recent right there in front of
eating her chickens as a witness.
It was just cruel.
Ted Danson's wife, Mary Steinberg, and his longtime friend of the senators, I can't believe
they approved this crap.
The former president, although now there was listed as Coach Chairman of the event, which
raised 600 grand.
Mar also took a shot at Cousteau, sniping.
That must feel great getting a one-quarter standing ovation.
Cousteau walked out of the building shortly afterward.
Representatives for Denson and Clinton had no comment, other than to say, oh, that Mar,
he's an asshole.
Okay, the mad dog, it's time to say taps, baby.
The dolphin season is over.
It's history.
It was ugly.
It was predictable.
It was pathetic.
Bye, bye, bye.
