I would not with Moe for I don't know what 11 minutes of me talking and then the station went south
But I don't know what that was the kiss of death. That was a bad mistake
It's my fault
He's gonna want to use you as a crux year beguide damn day now
I can't wait to see how our relationship sours over the coming months. Oh, it will after today. I'll make sure that
When you find out the kind of crap that he's pulled in this place you you have no idea
I just think the loading between the two of you is a beautiful thing for everyone involved. Yeah, but there's no
It's all legit. I know but the key is that your hate is so much better
Yeah, all right. We're up. We're off can't believe what you do to him. It's just beautiful
It is beautiful all of I haven't called him a pussy
I'll try that later on today. So anyway, we got about what do you think maybe 10 20 people listening on the internet?
Actually, we've got several friends and in New York because I have every
Unemployed degenerate and alcoholic drug addict listening from the big
Yeah, that matters. I just think we have a bigger base this morning than you might believe I had 25
I'm called from New York this morning people complaining they were gonna sue the station because it's obvious
Everybody's sues in New York if you if she gets the cab first you by the time she gets to her destination
I'm served papers on 57th and Broadway. Let me tell you one thing man
All you got to do is say sue in a station will be back on in 15 seconds about my wife
She served me on the day of the Yankee's home opener in the beginning of the season
It was like April 4th and this guy comes to my place and not on the door and hands me a big envelope
I thought I'd win the lottery. I guess I was wrong. Yeah, well, that was a bad story
It was a bad story
Probably was a bad wife too to be honest with you know what happens. They all leave you I was very good
No, I don't know what happens
I'm not really married to a Jewish woman and you know if you're if you get 10 years in with a Jewish chick good good
After luck, I mean by the time I was in the six year I got laid once a month at best
I she started doing her best friend
She she went she went you know she just went south on me
She started doing women and I was left out in the garage holding my package and you know everything
She got all the money though. I sold to her. I'm she got all that money in California
If you if you lose you know, you're little whatever license a marriage you do you're done
They take everything the guy gets nothing it took everything from me and left me up. I'm penniless
I'm a porn broker. I'm swapping
See even even if you like Moe
Which I know you're really in your heart hate him like poison
But even if you like the old man the fact is the notion of you doing a two-man show with anybody else is so ridiculous
Because once you anybody gives you like the smallest opening
If you just you're there. That's it. That's the other that I got a small
We're talking too much and that goes on
I never shut up problem. I'm a mess. I don't think I'm good at anything in fact
I think I'm awful at everything and anything that has anything to do with anything
But the only thing I can do is give me a mic and turn it on and ask me a question
I'll take the thing that I find amazing. I mean I can't even begin to describe you as the fact that
See when I first heard you on ESPN and then you were doing the trasher games somebody sent me a tape of the trasher game
But and I thought this was stick and I kept telling George
How can anybody talk like that for four hours or even for four minutes and not just because if I try to do that
It just tears the guts out of my vocal
And now I'm listening to you and I realize that's your real voice
You know the hockey games the funny thing to think I can stop about was I was always in trouble one of the reasons was
I would call a fight and let's say the fight was down in the corner and and the two guys fought and then you know
They'd separate him and they go to the penalty box
Well, typically the game had restarted they were at the other end on a power play you know five on four
There's two shots already on I'm still back in the corner doing a fake fight the guys got his thumb in the guys
I I used to we do radio only games
I would say that the players were bleeding like the X-Time Valdeez so they're wise at home and Atlanta would be mad at me
And then we lost to the devils one night nine nothing and I said we were taking it in the ass that didn't go over to say
Yeah, somebody told me about that. Yeah, and you know, I just had I would call players that had no talent
I would call them slow plus ease talentless
Workless I make more money than them
He said what's what I'm gonna team? I said everything we have no goal telling no speed no depth no coaching no talent no draft picks no money
New arena no one fills it up
I think I think I thought I was negative. I can't like I said don't count on doing the Panther games
You you talk about a thin skined organization man you you haven't encountered anything like the panthers
I believe that my keen is my friend. I know this guy and he actually is nice
I don't think he's nice to his own family, but he likes me. They are really thin skin no boy
I'll tell him I can't believe anybody not as thin skin is when the Murray's were here. I went to read the Murray's were here
That was brutal and they were brutal. Have you been into the foster he would press boss?
No, I actually have not been in the foster here
But more I've seen it many times, but I've never been in it. It's a great press by the way
I'm good friends with my buddy Joe Bowen who's the greatest
He's a great announcer. I was honored when I met him and you know
I always said that when I first joined the league and got to call the game somebody asked me why you wanted to do it
I said because I love hockey more than money. I walked away from a syndication deal that was you know
I was in like a hundred cities. I was making a ton of money
I walked away for it for nothing and I was cuz I love hockey so much
I said if I could be in the hockey hall of fame someday as a broadcaster
That would be the greatest thing ever. I lasted one season. Yeah, I was going
for Atlanta
really platinum 25 there's a shot
Palma here. It's not me but it was off the track. Let's go here
It goes to in fact
Where do I go? It's the league for Rochester
I am not in for life. I'm in Baltimore. It's on Leafs TV. Did you know there was a Leafs TV?
I do that that what did I call it yesterday this
CBC and what's the other one up there that does the games there's two of them
Yes, I think that TSM were the ones that spent the 24 hours with me. They did everything they even
They even took a shot at taking a dark CBC wouldn't put up with other two other two stayed or two
Kelly Rudy is their top guy
He blows I mean that's torture
Well the funny thing is how they can make a game in November seem like the seventh game of the Stanley Cup finals
Yeah, every game's the end of the earth of it. I like going like Machia. I went to the game
I like going into the old
Montreal formal whatever where everybody changed smoke and smelled like wet dank horse cigarettes
You know, yeah, but that's because they were French. I like everybody in all of the flags smell like that
Yeah, they're about as French as I'm German. Okay people from Montreal the thing
Suck yeah, you're real French okay, probably before same time we we a love boo
Here's the facts from PR Ralph
Put the goddamn show on 96.5 take them off the air that worthless pieces of crap you'll draw more
Okay, let's go on FM on power
At the very least get rid of that Schmidt kicking music and put us on kiss until we get the transmitter fixed all of that chicks the DJ at the hip hop station
I'm trying to get him bow with me. I haven't even been here two days
Anybody's listening on the internet you've been seeing our are you gonna check a calls be near? I was but uh
Beeners in here wearing sunglasses. Take them if you want on rainy's yeah, they're no more cooler than him
I might as well write you want to take a call is about what it sounded a little bit too much like work is in it? Yeah
Because we might have a vast audience out there listening on the internet right now. We're off the air man
I should pay you red to use the studio every and the rumor that I'm here in is that mode drop the bomb
You've been threatening to drop
That's right. I'm here. Yeah, he dropped the bomb
No, I can't I don't want to think about it
Clear out of that did you think that the muskrat actually moves is he like swarms or run on a seat?
You think the muskrat chamber?
You do realize that he's got different pieces for different days
That's not on the air man go ahead and say it. We're not on the air. We're just on the internet. There's nobody listen
Can't believe you're holding anything back. This is just for the web. I feel horrible for no
I know what it's like to lose weight. I'm in it. Here's a call in Miami. Hello
Is this me? Yeah, that's you. Are you listening on the internet? No, I called my cell phones. I can't get you on the radio
I'm going nuts. Yeah, I'll just talk to us anyway. Just pretend like you're on you are on
Why don't you like how'd you like for else first show this morning?
Yeah, so did the other way
Yeah, yeah, I might make a sick he didn't make a sick
Oh mistaken two hours. I was proud of him. It was one of the it was one of the worst coipes in radio history man
We talk about fun. Link at the one-yard line
It was a family
Dude, it was awful
Tomorrow supposedly if god lets me whatever the beesleys can afford to get a new final tune for the transmitter
We throw pass the transmitter that our engineer was smoking a glass pipe is the only thing I saw
I used to be the final
Thank you
Think that's Q. I. M. And we made up a good but at least we're consistent
I don't think at least we went to plan B. We have both TV stations out here in five minutes
And one guy said I was dangerous. He took the mic back from me
Some black guy turned on. Yeah, I moved to 12 years ago. You've been god ever since and
Oh, you say it. I think I'm gonna like you too. Thank you very much. It's for well
For well, there you go. I got it. It's easy. I don't matter
My middle name
Okay, there's our first car. I can't even listen. He just uh, how come you put him on hold beer? I guess well
We'll put anybody in the box to us
I want Neil to give me all of his favorite restaurants to in South Florida that I should go to and abuse
I'll give you the ones not to go to okay. Yeah, that's even better
Don't go to the rascal house all the old Jews go there to steal the pickles in the coleslaw show
I deal with don't go to Joe Stone crab. It's a plastic place where people like mo go to get the
I went and I squandered blended. I swear to god there were 900 Jews and I was the only gentile
Sitting there eating my salmon. I felt like it was oh don't don't say that your gentile
I don't think Greg knows that you never would have got hired if he knew you were a gentleman
I told him now I was married to a Jewish
In fact, there's a big sign on the front door there. It says no goyum allowed. Didn't you see that?
I think I did notice that actually. I mean seriously have you ever worked at a station with so many Jews in your life?
I've seen a lot of flavor around here actually. I'm very interested. It's like a it's like a it's like New England clam shot or red
manhattan
It's meant there's a lot of action here man. There's a lot of hotterdale. No chase that want to do me
There's there's a lot of voluptuous women for a lottery. Oh, hello. There's a lot of guys in here. There's Latinos. Go ahead sir
Don't let him interrupt those
That's what you know like people I should fix it couldn't believe it
I kept turning on a radio actually broke one
Yeah
I can't go out this is our count. This can't be this can't be possible
Yeah, on the first day after all this big build up
What after all the big build up we gave the first day of this big new schedule in alaqob
First thing I do I sit in this this lovely amazing high-end expensive studio and I have a big package sticking in front of my face
And it's kneels big hog leg right in my face. It's enormous. I can't even
I can see as a large hog
dripping with some morning action on it
I
When you're going to be back at the air no
I followed you up and down the west coast
Oh nice did you look like you start like you're from the high desert where they grow that purple
Wait a minute you want a west coast what I'm talking to him you run a west coast no
Not you I'm talking to the show of my net national show I did from lipstick city. Oh my god
There was nothing worse
Christ everybody there was fake the boobs the doctor the plastic the people the food I don't even the drugs out there are fake just every synthetic
Yeah, there's a lot of chicks with big huge Botox lips and big fake rack
And I'm a big fan or you might like that though
Plastic just like all the people in bokeh. That's the other place. How did you land in bokeh?
Who's the girl that does all the promotions around here? She got a big rack the ring she's got a big ass the ring will be
I
I'm gonna tell you something seriously
Even though I haven't known you that long
It's like a matter of minutes and I'd lose all my respect if you told me that you got the hots for durin
No, I don't have the hots for you must not look very close
Morning she followed me around with her big rack and I didn't want to let her
His nose is stuffed up okay
My girlfriend is hotter than a pig on a skill and I call her 34 C
But this woman followed me around all morning tell me to take my shirt on and off and her big rack in my face
I got flustered and the weather and the lightning and the tower and the antenna and all the specs and everything else around here
Oh, right. I'm under so much pressure. What a great debut man. I'm not even good center
And just I don't know don't armadillos with you. Thanks a lot, pali
Thanks, uh, uh, can I listen to the show from
On the
Smolvin joint and turn your computer. Yeah, smoke a joint and get on the internet. Okay. That's what we're doing right now
Well, I know this is one day you'll never forget is this all right? Are you positive? Are you positive that we're not on the air George?
We're positive you're not on the air okay
Now I wanted to say bullshit at least once all right
She's working on me say the effort but I don't like see and I would say it a whole bunch of times
In fact, I'd like to say it on the air, but I don't trust this outfit and then it'll get on the year
And then they'll say oh gee we're on the air and it got a you know, I'm positive a couple of times real quick come on
Come on bullshit. No, they won't do it
Yeah
No, stop it
When I big rate though can you imagine how wonderful that would be I mean see I've been screaming for years about what a bunch of bullshit that is about the American public
You know, I got buys into this crap the word the word police the word police deciding what words we can say on here could say
Can you imagine if we could just say whatever the hell we wanted to I think that would be great for business. Oh my god
I think you already make a ton of money and all I know is that they let me cuss. I'd make more
Mm-hmm. I would make so much money. Do you know? I mean, they'll take any money around here
I've noticed that they got every strip joint in town Christ Joe and mark to their show from two to six its sunrise service at some horror house
Look look up on the wall point him at the sign up there. That's our motto. Just give us the f and money
I'm all for that. I you know, I dominate incorporate that into my show
In fact, uh when we set out the contracts when when advertisers sign contracts on a contract
It actually says don't don't expect you to spot to actually get on the year just send us the f and 1 way
He's here with a car deal the neody else. I told him yesterday
I did the order of cars. I wanted I said I wanted my a caddy Mercedes be my jack then infinity then Lexus and then everything else don't call me
Okay, does that seem fair that I should get like a you know, you should give one to be your boy by the way
This is a guy kid that's driving around a car with no AC in Florida. What do you think?
Mow drive? I know he I think that's a Jaguar I'll take it what he drives me nuts
Drives me nuts
Yeah, yeah, he's got that white expedition
I had a week car stolen one in Pittsburgh one in Chicago and one in New York City
I just had that when they found it in fact now that you know, which one is his George? I don't want to see just
Nuff said
I don't want to suggest King anybody's car because that would be good. No, I carry a shiv
There's way more exciting things to do with a shank than a key
You know, they got a lot of horse on the wall here like you know
You know, we got more calls now that we're not on the year that we usually do when we're on the year
That's amazing. We have to take all those down before he comes back
Yeah, I'm a corner cova's crotch as my favorite crop. That is the bag. I got those for she's a bullbuck. I don't care what any you got
Better big big right
He's got treatments for legs man
I don't even think she's that like important, but what is crotch? Yeah, I think she's just a beard for Pavel and a federon
Here's my number back. She's done all those people Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you great? Say hi to Scott. Well, you can say the word shit
That's great radio, isn't it?
Hey, that's a guy to call this without the other day only we were on the air
Check this. Oh, that one wasn't on. No, he was on, but he heard it on hold. Oh, well, that's great explaining this. I love this
This is good. In fact, you know something. Yeah, this
Moe could do a show. We could save the juice
He could do the show just have his 10 chronic collars call it
We could put him out of hold and we could save all the electricity
Huh, and it can hear each other
Fumble and bubble
Yeah, we haven't even covered the trend yet. Well, we're not gonna do the trend on the internet. Okay, let's wait
Let's save some great Z material just in case you might actually get on a year
Yeah, I don't think we're getting on here. I think something I think something got fried out there
I think it took a direct lightning hit and I think something got fried over man
But you know, even the engineer already went to lunch. He was out there for breakfast. He's already moved on
All right, engineers are permanently out to lunch
Can you imagine working I worked on a station in Sturgis, Michigan once in and I can't imagine going off the air
No, it's near how Indiana. Oh my god. I grew up in Valparaiso. It's near a cold water, Michigan
But it but I can't imagine going off the air and just being off the air for hours and hours and the engineers not saying well
Here's what happened guys, you know, this got fried or the final tube blew up or or something, you know
I've never seen it go over like 20 minutes, but this was a record. I blame Josh Darrow
Yeah, I think so he's a pussy
I blame him. He's right here right now. He felt up the news camera woman this morning, which was a little shot
Believe me anybody in fact don't get too close to him. He'll fill up anything that's
He's the guy whose mom used to go similite he tries to fill up most hairpiece every morning. I've seen that move. Yeah
Uh-huh. He tries to give it the old squeeze that you want to change the pole while we're killing time
What is the wall want to do what? How about we want to change it? No, we want to do that
This is this is just a dry run. I don't want to do the stuff around here. Then what am I gonna have left? Hey when you are gone
George copped a tougher one pole for me. I was two to one man. I was like Vegas. I was up chicks were digging me
We have a lot of quim after that pole we got a lot of what? Quim? No, I'm not what I wasn't talking about that
I'm out of here. I drank some of the foulest bench coffee ever 30
I'll bring your own my
I'm your own
Siv
Yeah, but we'll get you some great free food though. That's one good thing
Yeah, we experts on that. I mean, this is unbelievable. You know if I were you I just get up and leave
This is over the days over if we don't get on by five o'clock. I'm laughing that I've never seen five o'clock
It's gonna go on for I mean the guy's I think we're back on the air. Oh are we?
We are let me double check up saying well, what do you mean you think we're back on here? How would you know I got a quick call? I didn't do it
And the call said
Nothing
You know we're about to be back on the air. What do you mean we're about to be back on the air? What was that?
Like four play. Yes, we are on I just
We're on the air
Let's hear it. Thank you Neil. I just want to thank my local sponsors. I want to thank the management
I want to thank the fans. It was one of the great we love coming back to the community the course
It's just a wonderful day for a great radio this morning. I thought great show this morning by the way
Scott too. By nobody heard it very clean. Neil. I thought it was one of my cleaner shows
I'm hoping to use it as a demo tape. It was it was pristine. That's how good it was
I'm gonna send it off to all the networks by the end of the day overnight now you playing golf with modus after noona
His hairpiece. Let's just say that I doubt I'm going back to the country club for a trip anytime soon
WQ I am I am before a lot of them. That was nice. Yeah, she was back on your
It's only 10 40. It's only like about three hours. That's not too bad
Hey, did you know Neil that George got me a bottle of Jag and I drank it in two afternoons? I drink
Hey, you told me you were a lush here. I usually might you know my grandpa used to have a Scotch every day at five o'clock and look out
Already in her coastal for you know 30 or 40 years. So I do the same thing and George got me a bottle of Jag today
Excellent. Have you drink like a lot of diet coke? I just drink a lot of booze and coffee the coffee here reeks like Aish
I'm sweating. I was in here this morning a news woman. We're feeling me up
The love she was women that work in the station. We're working angles on me. I'm hanging with bean
He's got the hots for Doreen by the way
So before you before you guys get too impressed with Farrell. He's got the hots for somebody for old
I had first show like I was all fired up. It was the greatest day of my life and I just got kicked in it
So stoked you should have seen him. He was jumping up and down doing jumping jack. I mean look at the publicity
You've got look at the buildup we did the pull on this thing yesterday and we had to both both newspapers
Which is a miracle because neither one of those guys owns a radio very jackass gets all his info from Greg and
And then again, Jack had a pond his radio a couple of years ago to pay for its kids education
So we got people writing TV and radio don't even own radios. You got two columns
And we can't get you on the air. I think I'm going out to lunch with your friend Sarni
Oh, are you serious? Yeah, I thought I'd show them the
Boat. You think that picture of Moe is ugly. Wait till you see Jim Sarni. Oh my god. He makes me look beautiful
Wow, that's seriously. It's always good going lunch with a guy
It's a lot uglier than you are because it makes you feel better about yourself
I think you're right. There was a lot of action here today two TV stations
We got a lot of action just a lot of there's a tremendous amount of pressure on these you can tell yeah
Well tomorrow's gonna be better right? Yeah, whatever
I mean now that my balls have shrunk I mean I gotta I gotta go home and get 34 C to get me back up to my flated status
My ego got it today like one of the great things we discovered this morning in our little internet show
There is the for El is a boy. Oh, that's her it
I'm cute the
Like to do it. Yeah, what is it the Q amp? Do you ship me on the side of the head today?
I'm done. I mean that was the best day view ever
I'm having a great day Scott. Oh, just awful. Thanks a lot. I'm a nightmare. I was good job
And how about I get a sit-off morning with big fat beast solid man
He's just in there talking about food and booze and naked women at U.M. and fried parties
I don't tell you some good stories too by the way
Boopie's already mad at me because I call him fat. I don't know what way to look at it
I think he's a great guy wonderful human being fat. He's the cover crap is like he shudts beer and he's food. I love how he do nuts
He loves nuts
Sigma Scott
I can see him tomorrow. I have a great show. I could like to keep it clean watch out for the lightning
Oh my god, this has been
Incredible. It's been a truly
Day a typical QAM day. It's the art. Are you just making this up that we're back on here? No, we are
And the good news is for the people are listening on the internet. Yeah, if there were any
You think there were any yeah, there were a lot. Were there really? Yeah?
Oh everybody that I put on hold after that time they told us that why did I put that guy on hold all of those were listening on the internet
All right, and we got to say all kinds of four letter words several times
Which was very exciting don't tell parents that we did it though because he's a real pussy
Get on. No
Okay, so let's do a break, huh? Yeah, let's go because we got all these spots to make up now and we got to like
I don't know what we're gonna do. Yeah, do fast train. I think we can we can manage it and then we got
Malover not gonna get them all in are we? Well, we might yeah, I'll get them all in
But then we got the one o'clock hour is and don't blame philis for it because it's not the water Nazis fault
It's it's management's fault. We got like a manage hour there from one to two and it's our hours
We got the wrong spots. We don't know what else going on. It's the typical Greg weed way man
You know how to do it total chaos
And by the way all our find sponsors out there in radio land whether your spots ran this morning or not
You will be billed and are expected to pay
1044 at 560 wqm if you're bald then forget about fast train. That's not their bag sexual performance problem call up for well
He can help you out don't call fast train
But if you're to dead end job, this is the deal call fast train today
Because they can have you fully trained and ready for a new high-paying computer career in just four short months
Call them toll-free one eight six six fast train. That's one eight six six fast train
They have locations in Miami. They're in Kindle they're in Fort Lauderdale and in Pemberg Pines
So call today one eight six six fast train they offer you a job placement assistance financial aid convenient
Davin in the weekend classes
So no longer should be working for like two bucks an hour working for some puts a new career is just a phone call on four short months of training away
Jump on that fast train today and call toll-free one eight six six fast train or check them out on that wicked web at fast train dot com
Right now welcome back to the mohara david ashawan your moh mucus
A station where we got a spatial guest journeyness today. Oh, no
Not off the feedlord then that's tape feedlord your numbs go
And they didn't hear me in it
I'm even tired of dropping his date. How is the ratings party? Yeah, I don't want to talk about it
Why was it? I see I thought it was an old nude ratings party
Lawrence told me everybody there was gonna be in the mood. So I shows up naked and everybody ran out of there
Yeah, cuz she showed up naked. No, he told Louie in the same thing
Oh, yeah, well, oh
Here comes our special guest for real right?
Well, uh, what do you know? What do you say?
This is gotta be wanted a premiere radio shows on the air today. Well, you're good. Oh the farts and the bite
You guys are a pan attack. What farts and bite? He's talking about real show moh
Let me tell you something. Yeah, watch out for that spooge offer that guy there is gayer than lifter
Whoa get loaded and hooded
That's a proud to loud in here. This is a sports station. Ah putting the tap of your shirt
All right
What are my hands? No, I'm your two pay. I suppose you want to make me know
I had everybody else wants me for their receptacle. Why not you? There you go
No chance you'll best it. I see an uppity's gated and bokeh every day
I want your job. My job. That's a different kind of rate
I'll have you know I'm the king of the station and you have the
What is the good? All he has got out of here
Hello mo
What's coming at us? These large fellas are here to escort you outside
Give me the keys for the kingdom on the king
Why of course, moh? You can always count on me. Yeah, Miss Carlos and Tim come on. That's the let's go
It's a plug off. Drop that in tight blue. Oh, and just one other thing before you go
Take them away fellas
10 51 at 560 WDQM a real
Interesting place. Don't forget that's our motto. We are radio-ish
That little lightning strike this morning boys and girls evidently. I guess that was the problem
I guess or bird
Or maybe a bird took a giant dump over the transmitter and we went off there at 7.52 a.m
Right toward the ass end of the debut of the 5.8 a.m. Molyn Geldyshow
So for all who uh and of course most spend in case you didn't get up real early this morning or you didn't have the stomach for it
Most spent about 50 minutes in their sucking for else ass so bad for else that he's gonna have to go to the
Proctologist this afternoon
Unbelievable just sucking really really hard you could there was disgusting
You could hear all kinds of sounds on the air. I'm not really sure what it was but I can envision and
I had to break the news to you moe, but he still can't stand you hate you like poison
And came in shortly thereafter once so we went off the ear at the 7.52
In fact the whole for real show with all that big build up and all the newspaper articles jica and
Who's the other one and Barry Jackass aka Greg Reed Jr
And the TV cameras winner channel seven was there was there anybody else?
Yeah six or four one there were like two or three TV stations in there to the film of the debut to tape the debut of the
Scott for all show in the new qa malign up and we're off the air boys and girls. That's the way we do it
Absolutely unbelieveable. So we're during that off the air period for all came in and bonded with us a little bit and just ripped Molyn ass
He hates you Moly can't stand you in fact. He's taking on a petition to get your ass tossed out a bokeh
Eric has that part that segment on the archives already I believe
That's serious
Wow, that's how that's how famous that tape is gonna be that off the air conversation
That's gonna be one question. I called him a pussy. I said where he lives is filled with cheap rich old dickheads
And they all are thieves and liars and they all have mobs on their head
That's a little bit of what for how to say to me about Moe. What a giveaway. Yeah
The rest of you can go on our website boy Eric must be foaming at the month now how did Eric get it because it wasn't on the air net
Right the internet
What oh, that's right. We were still feeding back then
Is that what you're saying or you know that the part where we were on the air but not I mean when we were on the internet
I see the part that we did on the internet
I thought you were talking about the part where Scott came in when we were off the air
So you're talking about the filler we did on the internet right which was how long we do that about 20 minutes
Right about that and we did about a 20-minute segment that's on the internet
It's got all the awards that you know and love are on there because it is the internet at least at this point is still uncensored
So we figured let's give it a shot, you know, let's throw an F and a S-H and one of these and one of those and we did leave several words out though
So next time we go off the air right we'll make a list. Yeah, see you next time. That was one of them. Yeah, damn it
Because he was the dimension Doreen
Anyway, here's the poll- the poll result from yesterday what a day boys and girls what a day
I mean this company can find more ways to screw up anything they could screw up a wet dream you name it
They could mess up the Pope's outfit anything in a world
Because it's just to their nature. It's just the way it is. I guess they probably learned all these church when they're up there in the tree
Would I kid with the banjo and deliverance? That's what Bob Vermuth told me
Here's yesterday's poll result. We asked the well. We're giving the new QA lineup at least what it was supposed to be today and
We asked what's your take?
1590 votes
Don't care only listen to Neil show
532 33.4% a third of this audience you turn only listen to this show
People with extraordinarily great taste but we'd like them to spread it around a little bit because we need the numbers
Love it big improvement 529 33.2% another third you turn third it's okay
165 whose mohauer david at 158 who is Scott Farrell?
116 like the better the way it was
61 and hated only 29
So if you add those two negative categories there's only 5.6 percent pretty damn impressive if you ask me especially for my real
picky crowd like the sound photo radio audience real picky real-life demanding never happy with no matter what you give me
Couple of factors here and like what like what I told you before
Remember we're during that segment we were doing on the internet
We're off the air and the phone is just now granted it was ringing off the whole morning because we were off the air and people
I know what the f was going on but
Just during that segment when we came on the internet the phone was jammed
Right we ought to do that every day is what I'm thinking
Never have it open line. I'm not sure if we did that
Here's the fact that says dear Neil my god, please. I beg of you get the out of that pretend radio station the internet radio is fun though
QA and blows big chunks
Is what it says here? Thank you
Lister George has a good point
Pointing again to my psychic abilities. It says you did say in your yesterday you'd prefer two hours of silence or a test pattern
Rather than having hairpiece how it is your lead in your psychic powers kicking in again
Good point, Lister George. I do remember Santa right so you kissed it and right underneath that facts here
Here is the full color photo. What are we going to have this new and improved mo picture with minus the hairpiece and minus the teeth
Someone told me that they couldn't scan it for me. It's not Brian has sent it to us. We can have it on tour
Okay, so that's not an hour of something big vagina if they could scan it for me
They told me no they could have nothing to do with that. Oh my god who's got a big vagina
A little bit of news out there for the audience people have heard us talk about the lovely Miguel and our promotions department and
The count to find out he's the one with the vagina in that department
Well, we know what the reins got in fact, I think you guys were fighting with him this morning 1057 at 560 WQM
So we're going to have some publicity on TV on well, we'll find out partly
Evidently so keep to your local newscast so it'll be a real hoot
Let me tell you about a place that's a real hoot and that's Brandy shoes and prestigious Pompino Beach
This year Brandy's is celebrating their 25th year in business
Which means that they've got to be doing a lot of things right because any little independent family
Shoestore has been around for nearly a quarter of a century
He's got to be doing something right and they're not little anymore now
They've got a gigantic 8,000 square foot mega-star with over 40,000 pair of name brand shoes and stock weight and for you and your feet all the top brands in the world
They got them all they got rock ports echoes mafisto
Timberland Clarks SAS floor shyman lots more and they give you a real good personal service to even if your feet smell real bad
Brandy's a great place to take your feet for great shoes. There are 1290 North Federal Highway in Pompano Beach open daily
9 till 9 and Sundays 10 till 5 and right now is a great time to buy naturalizers at Brandy's all this week
Because selected naturalizers normally 65 bucks only
90 to 39 90 right now as I speak at Brandy's in Pompano Beach stop then or visit their website at Brandy's shoes dot com
I'm local here sports video 560 she went to you a.m. You got
This is Tom Rokai and we can highly use
Comedy legend Bob Hope is celebrating his 100th birthday
Recently I sat down with the sentage generic and for a retrospective and a bowl of vegetarian chili that took its hole on both of us
Bob is from one heck of a ride
Pardon me. You think you'll ever perform again?
Ah, it's you back here to uh-huh is it true?
Excuse me. Is it true that you used to sleep with the ladies with whom you work?
What was in that chili Bob?
Bob I'll give you a name you give me the first thing that pops into your head and my grip
Rose my clenic
Bob did you give that many a represent a little hope?
Yeah, yeah, that's right. All right, Bob I realize it might be asking
Tramada's favor but you think you can tell us your favorite joke
from over the years
Ah
Yeah
My favorites wow very funny
This Tom Rokai for NBC Daily News
1104 560 wqm happy Thursday 2. How do you like the debut so far?
The debut of the all-new and improved QAM lineup man. We could screw up anything. It's a day beautiful
It is a day beautiful thing make no mistake about it
Here's the facts from Mike who's a little bit hostile. Why is it that the whole world seems to hate Moe Howard David
It's so much. Well, we don't have to ask because we already know we've smelt of him. We know
Mike says uh, Deer and Eo please pass past us on to Howard David. Dear Mr. David
With all due respect, I don't care for your program. I believe you're a good sportscaster. However, you are a horrible program host
I don't appreciate the way you interrupt colors nor your poor attempts at humor
I hope you realize that your program has been deliberately moved back into the night and further into a time when there are fewer listeners
Re-correct. I can only imagine that the Howard David shows a byproduct of your play-by-play duties
Your inability to gracefully accept Neil style and comments as angered listeners
Please remember Mr. David that Neil's been on the air for 27 years in this market
And the only thing late about Neil is his approach to a commercial break once again Mr. David
I mean no disrespect but I'm very disappointed
I look forward to the day you're no longer heard left to right on my radio respectfully
Mike that's what Mike has to say mo and also a for else is uh, you're an asshole
Well, he went on a great lines about mo. Do you remember? Yeah, he's a segment
He wants to show her the world that's uh, you two are a great combo. Yeah me and him buddies
Yeah, he'll never have me back out there to golf the first hole we played lightning struck the green
He turned around faster and grants a grids
he
Came in in bad mouth and just trashed him for about a half an hour this morning and we loved every minute of it and taped it too
And there's Greg, uh, not Greg. Whatever the hell his name is muffin the clearance running around
Oh, you better tell him you're taping him you better tell him you're taping just cool it. Okay
Just take a chill you guys
We're dealing with like a real guy here. We're not dealing with somebody with thin skin uptight with a big gigantic fat overblown ego and hairpiece
Here's our pull question today on the O Rogers calm
And the reason I'm doing this pull maybe you're wondering remember the other day was talking about the uh show
I saw in graffiti on movie olig channel right I'm not wondering
It was pretty interesting. I was I wish I'd have seen it and it was very good
Because obviously this is a visual thing now
I'm sure that even though you know both of you are a little bit on the parochial side and you haven't traveled the world as much as some of the rest of us
Do the limitation of funds right?
Uh, you haven't seen some of the places like in Europe for example
It seems to me it's much more of a big thing there than it is in the US really
Oh, yeah, and Amsterdam there's like places where they're like blocks and blocks and blocks of the real big artistic graffiti
Now I see not the gang scum graffiti like we have no no no
I mean you'll find some of that too, but I'm talking about real artwork what you would call
And you seem to see a lot more of that in the european cities as opposed to the US where everything first of all
Everything is like so hard to write on anyway, plus they'll probably take your answer when putting in literature if they can find it yet
Right, oh, they'll find you
They'll find it these days
What's your take on graffiti is our pull question today
We got the six magnificent choices on the pool. I love to read it. I love to write it
I've never seen any
Only sick people write it
I write graffiti and drill glory holes
And this topic is disgusting where can I see some those are the six pull
uh options today
What's your take on graffiti? I love to read it. I love to write it
I've never seen any only sick people write it. I write graffiti and drill glory holes
And this topic is disgusting where can I see some? speak of drilling glory holes
How do they do that with it with a drill?
Most seriously stop and think about that when does somebody find the opportunity?
Although of course most of you people have never seen a glory hole. I saw one once
Only once
Because the thing about them is that it's not like somebody is taking some kind of a sharp instrument and
In desperation like poking and prodding at the restroom wall
You know in between the two turrets it's funny because they're always very round and like
Very neat really the one I saw looked exactly like somebody had taken a sharp object and gouged it out
Oh, I never saw that. Well you obviously hang out in different circles. T. Y. Park
Yeah
Oh, I can only imagine what's hanging out at T. Y. Park
Have you ever really stopped and thought about this subject? This is an amazing
It really is if you would have seen that movie would have
Open up all kinds of new avenues for it
In fact many of the T-room walls that they showed on it that were loaded with graffiti
Uh, many of them actually did have glory holes drilled in that
They cover all the different kinds and stuff like bathroom graffiti and gang graffiti and no they did not
No, it was mostly bars
Clubs I see stuff like that. Well the bathroom stuff is fun. I mean what else are you gonna read?
Well, that's what I'm talking about although generally speaking
I'm not one of those people that takes a magic marker or my lipstick into the uh turler with me, you know
Huh, I usually leave it with my lipstick in my bag out of the table and make sure somebody's watching
But no, seriously how many people actually take a ruh?
I mean, yeah, I got a ballpoint pen in my pocket every now and then
You're quite often
But not for that purpose in addition, which most people don't write graffiti at least good graffiti with a crappy ballpoint pen
Because it like it doesn't stay. No, you know, you know, you're like same sharpie
Right. Oh, I like totally that one fat broad. She was a little like Doreen. She had a big sharpie
And she was right with it. She was right with it too. I couldn't believe for else got the hots for Doreen
Oh my god
He must be really desperate since he and his wife split up
We don't want to talk about that on eerie told us some amazing things his wife was Jewish
He's not but we're so delighted to have somebody who a is a goi and b is under the age of 100
Because basically our station is degenerating into a bunch of old fossils. That's what clearance pointed out
We got all these old Jews on this station. We got Neil and we got Hank and we got the Mohawar david and Eddie Kay all bunch of old the fuzzy Jews
You know
Let's get somebody under the age of 100 and somebody who's also a goi and we hit the jackpot
If we could just get him on the ear. No, no, no, I know baby can't have everything all at once
That's me. I'm always pushing for a little bit too much. We might have a really good guy on the on the staff and also be able to get his show on here
So the the feral on a radio debut was rained out today. Oh and
Speaking of rained out. I mean even funnier than that is if you look at the newspapers all of them
In the box score of the first Marlon X-Pose game at pp park last night
And you look at the bottom where it has the time of the game and the attendance
It says time two hours and 35 minutes attendance
Zero zero. I realized there weren't zero there more like 250 people actually showed up in the middle of the rain and the what other
Excuses they might have had
250 people show up for a major league baseball game and they showed here
I don't know if they showed them there because generally when they televised the local games there
They're like show only the low shots because they the embarrassment factor and management doesn't want you to see the places empty
But of course this was the exposed telecast that I saw the highlights here
And they they all they pan back and you see the whole stadium and it was like there's nobody there
If there were 250 people there, I'd say at least 80 of them had to be vendors
And maybe like 40 of them were lost people from the hood who didn't find their way home yet
I mean and you look in the and that's got to be an all-time record
It does sometimes it'll say NA you know not available the attendance something like that
But this didn't say that take a look at it all you maven's out there
It says oh the big O zero
Was the attendance at the Marlins game and there's Moana this morning going on about wow
We need to get a new stadium and this is a disgrace and we got a good team and a one six and a row
Nobody cares, okay?
In fact, that'd be a good pull question
Which is smaller the number of people interested in the Marlins games or Moas audience that's a good battle
You know
Because you talk about active indifference about massive indifference
I think there's a lot of commonality there and he's going on about well. We got to get to do a stadium
Forget about it mo ain't gonna happen, okay
Ain't gonna happen this week next sockets just ain't happening
Here's a call from Boca hello
Pretty good pal. How's it going?
I think most sabotage you guys and blue the trend emitter out that way you'd have the highest ratings for the day
That's generally that's generally the story round of building as we think he dropped the bomb
Been threatened drop the big one
For a poll for the Molly should be who was your worst lead and you could have a dfo mo and
Big head and all the other guys. Oh, that's it. That's a good pull. I like it
Excellent thanks a lot, pal. We'll put our heads together
Now I'm gonna swap these spots around because I really have no idea what we're doing apparently seven minute breaks from what I'm here
I beg your pardon. That's what I heard. That's a rumor. I'm doing my best to
To not let that happen, but I mean
We're doing seven minute breaks first of all and of course I feel left out because for all god is hold two hours wiped out there
Mo will only head like the last eight minutes. Hopefully this was I heard everything
He should have done two hours and then we could have come on and done two hours
No, and what I'm saying is that we wound up getting a 40 minute. It's like we had an early marlin game or something
40 minutes. I mean that's hardly you know for guys like us who gets a little time off
You think that we'd get a little bit better break than that
But of course once it came time for this show to be on you can be sure that corso and his engineering buddies out
They're working feverishly to make sure that we didn't get too much time off, you know
Because that would piss them off
1113 at 560 WDQ and we got a lot of long breaks today just bear with us
Okay, we got the gym madness new and improved two to four if we're on the air and Goldberg four to seven if we're on the year
Portal 630 in the Marlin crap marlins of a suppose again. They'll try it again for a big crowd
Any came after the baseball game and look at this they still can't get away
It still says Joe and Mark two to six on his schedule. Clarence can you get anything right you idiot? No
The Neil Deals keep on rolling from our good Paisons Tom Layvin and Joe Preato at Helipodiac GMC here a couple of them going on right now
Neil the old number one gets yourself 0% financing for 60 months on every
2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock
Neil the old number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every two thousand three GMC in Pontiac in stock and
Attention current and former military personnel get yourself an additional
$750 rebate from your friends at Halipodiac GMC and right now here's a Neil end of the month deal
Tom and Joe will take an additional five hundred bucks off on some Pontiac and GMC's most popular models
But you better act right now because today is what?
And this deal is good only through the end of the month so you got today tomorrow and whatever follows that and Saturday
Three days left to take advantage of that and of course
There's always how much got a great selection to dependable pre-o cars prox and SUVs and if credit is a problem
Any everywhere else it's never a problem at Halip even if you once worked with Moe
They'll still cut you deal at Halipodiac GMC 134-01 South Dixie highway that's you us one across from the falls open every day
Seven days a week for more info on these great deals called the Neil deal hotline tool free
One triple eight five three four forty two eleven
That's one triple eight five three four forty two eleven and don't forget all Neil deals subbed to credit a privacy
Needle for details at Halipodiac GMC and don't forget they do be professional grade
This is for 20 by 60
Put out some good reviews
So we'll wait right away
Shell down 20 bucks for a movie pass
Oh, coconut milk he weighs
We're the handful of candy
Through the doors of that marquee
There I had a first class ticket
But I was ladies and men can be see I walked in during my trips
I walked in and I could not find one seat then I walked out on the matrix
It's
We get hell I wait for the DVD
I will say one thing because I'm reconditioning my brain to this new schedule
To this old schedule that we are redoing thank goodness, but at any rate so it's like 11 14 six minutes ago
I'm sitting here looking at the clock. We're in the break and I'm thinking good. God almighty word like this this thing's almost licked
It's almost uh, you know
You want a clock will be here before you know it
Well, one o'clock will be here and so will we
We'll still be here because run till two now
Oy back to 10 to two today although you'd never know it from the way things are going
Here's a call from Lake Worth. Hello
Yeah, finally, I was a technician I left at the scene of the station earlier and um there was a
Power problem and when there was a looper to be a most brat where it flies a squirrel wrapped around a tower
Oh Reverend Jones again, huh?
Wow
Getting a lot of calls about the graffiti and of course that's because the people who uh,
Draught the right the graffiti and draw out of the pictures and whatever else you'd call it
They don't want their voices recognized or they're sitting on one of those voicewriters. We could let more calls on something like this
We could pretend we had one like Rick and such did there you go
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless line. What's your take on graffiti is our pull question today
56 votes only six people write it 22 say that
Only six people write graffiti
Must be a lot of sick people out there, you know, yeah, I love to read it 14
This topic is disgusting. Where can I see some 11? I write graffiti and drug worry holes five
I love to write it to and I've never seen any none well. That's good. That's refreshing. Okay
We have nobody who's never seen graffiti on tea remoils especially although I'm trying to think of any places that you might otherwise see it
And we're not talking about the artwork kind or the gang. We're not talking about that
We're talking about crafted people right and pictures they draw of breasts and penises and vaginas to all of these things pubic here
Poetry huh poetry limits. Yeah, visual poetry
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line. Here's vocal hello
Hey, Neil, did you catch and the demand to show yesterday? No, he did not
He was talking about something something needs to be read down in his contract otherwise he might not be back
I was just wondering if there was a joke or what that was going on with that and then if I can add on another
Another thing to you for all questions
Yeah, who's how are they with that that can always okay great five six seven oh five 60
So it's great to be back on tended to man. You have no idea
First following two hours and 40 minutes of dead air is not it's like following a marlin game basically
All we should be used to would after what 17 month more 15 months of following mo just thinking that we should be pretty used to following close to dead air
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon line. Here's pepper pines. Hello
It's called it's called tagging not graffiti or dog. Oh, geez
Woody boy, they're all out there today. We got Reverend Jones and we got Woody
These are the same people who will listen through the aesthetic when the stations off the air
That's how lifeless they are
Jack knife-tracked trailer on i95 south and the ives-dairy road
All but one lane shut down traffic back to four-lettered airports is clearance. Thank you clearance for your traffic report
You can be the next mark Morgan. Nice going clearance
Here's the call from Oakland Park. Hello
Good morning uncle neoblet to have you back at least a good morning. Yes, sir
I was listening to the radio the other day and something struck me as strange. I never would have thought that this person might be a
Democrat but
Don Schulers having a fundraiser for Bob Graham. Yeah for Bob Graham. Yeah, that struck me as strange because I never would have thought of him as being a Democrat
Well, that's true because most of the jock types coaches players
They all tend to be a right wing and very right wing. I mean, you know all different degrees of a very far to the right
Nice going. We'll choose myster
Yeah, well anyway, I'm just glad that we got you back to this schedule. Keep me a better day in my cab from 10 to 2
Welcome back male. Okay. Thanks a lot, pali
5 6 7 0 5 60 not a big graffiti writers will uh, you know
I remember trying this a couple of years ago the same thing
There was some other show about it or some article about it and nobody will talk about it because they all are in denial
And that's why they only sick people write it is leading with 28 votes
I think that's ridiculous. I mean, you're entitled to your opinion. I don't write graffiti. I do read it if I'm in the mood if I'm sitting in a public
You know, toilet taking a dump. Yeah, well, what else are you gonna do unless you have some reading material?
I mean generally at home is where you have your reading material for sitting on the throne
And when you're out there like it denies for example trying to cause a flood or whatever you're doing
You don't have reading material with you so you sit there and you know might as well do something productive
So read what these people have done. They've taken the time to try to be a little bit creative
Till like reach out and express themselves and to try to communicate with the rest of the world
Isn't that what these people are trying to do? Yeah, sure
I don't want to psychoanalyze them or anything like that psychoanalyze
But it seems to me that these people are trying to like reach out and pass along some kind of a message
Now the ones of course that are hovering it over the glory holes there
They're trying to reach it out and extend like I said the a wonder friendship
Now since the the one that I saw didn't have any graffiti associated with it might I understand that that's normally the case
What glory holes like a glory hole does it have a sign or something around it like arrows like insert here or something like that?
I don't think it generally needs a road map
That's what Ariel Sharon told me so you don't need a road map to no work to do with a glory hole. That's what he's told me
Hi, well, you know, I was right look at this. There's there's nothing on the board
There's absolutely nothing going on here right now we were
Huh after that great morning right after and what I said before was true when for Elle was on this
We're gonna have more calls now when we're doing this internet thing
We're not on the year than when we're on the year. This is unbelievable
This is the typical soft floor to cold shoulder man
It's enough to make you crap your pants with a without the graffiti on the wall
Man, what a bunch of losers
26 past 11 at 560 WDQM are you bald don't call fast rain. They can't help you out
If you have sexual performance problems go get some Viagra
But if you're in a dead-end job these are the folks you want to talk to because fast rain can have you fully trained and ready for a new
High-paying computer career in just four short months
Call them tool free at 1-866 fast-rain. They've got locations in Miami, Kendall for Lauderdale and Pembroke Pines
Pick up that instrument right now and call these good folks. There's no obligation they'll explain it to you
How you can get out of your dead-end job? 1-866 fast-rain and don't forget fast-rain offers you a job placement assistance
Financial aid convenient evening a weekend classes no excuse to stand at that end job one more minute
And your new four careers just that phone call and four short months away jump on that fast train today and call tool free
1-866 fast train or check them out on that web at fast train.com
I urge everyone to complain to this station
To see
I
Hope
solive
And
I'll have a boner, a boner's roof, which is to stand in the back as you both enjoy the show.
It's can't be let into the back, I'm a glory mole.
I'll have my toe-kills in case my time runs low.
And I'll stand here still in the glory hole.
I hope it's nobody I know.
And that's what my head did better to me.
I hope he knows enough to brush his teeth.
But the good life isn't too let me take out the hell I know.
I'll just go on and visit the bottle to the little morning, morning, morning, morning.
Number 33 at 560 WQM. Happy Thursday to you whether you're lucky or not.
Sounds like a bunch of unhappy people down there, you know.
Can't imagine why just because it's got what you have about 30 inches of rain.
Right, on the last three days.
That's the way it goes. Sunny and beautiful here. It's sunny and 70 right now.
It was only supposed to be 72 or three, but since it's not even new here today,
I would be surprised we make 75 today in TO.
Friends came out yesterday. Nothing really exciting, you know.
I don't want to bore the audience with all these numbers because they didn't change all that much.
We went up on this show a little bit in men, a little bit.
Moe was pretty flat, dropped about a tenth of a point.
Maybe no major change. Hanke went down a little bit, a little tiny bit.
No big changes. Power 96 kicks that ass. WIOD kicked ass because of course this was February, March, and April, including the month of the war.
Remember the war? What war? Yeah, exactly.
Well, one was real quick, quick and painless and very well orchestrated on TV.
A lot of heroes.
So there didn't too much change there. A power kick-ass, like I said, a gigantic book.
One else, a party radio. They're disappearing.
They're disappearing. You're falling off the edge of the map.
Remember that horrible day when somebody I don't want to mention, PD Lennie, I think it was,
puts you up to putting Disney on here with me?
That's my opinion. I'm like Disney.
Remember that, right?
And he was gloating and he was trying to push that thing about, wow, power has got all these spots.
You know, they were running all this knockin' power.
But in the meantime, people got tired of the stupid promos and they said, well, where's the beef man?
Where's some good music that we want to hear?
And so now the party's over.
That's my opinion. I'm like Disney.
At Cox Broadcasting. It's a bomb, okay?
So we've had two bombs drop today. The one that had mode dropped evidently on the transmitter.
The problem was a setup deal. Right there just before when Ferrell was going to come in.
And of course, that's the kind of thing the old man would do, you know?
And then say, oh, it was a lightning hit. You know, at the end you see the weather.
It's terrible out there. It was a lightning strike. I don't believe it.
I can read the fine figure of Moe in there. Or maybe, maybe Louri Maze into people at Cheap Channel.
And as a way to get back at a sabotage our plans to break this great new line of the bar.
It's only postponing the inevitable guys.
Ferrell will be on it tomorrow at 8 a.m. right after the moe master.
And by the way, how are you?
Weather permitting.
He hits you.
Yeah, we'll have the event.
We honest, since it is a sports station, put the schedule in the newspaper every day with an asterisk weather permitting.
Like the Marlin games where the attendance was.
Oh!
Here's Pember Pines. Hello.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I get that genius to call before about downshooler couldn't figure it out.
The Bob Graham is his landlord for Christ's sake down here on Miami Lakes.
Yeah.
Who's he going to endorse?
He probably is behind it as right.
And he's got to endorse Graham.
Yeah, okay, great.
567-0560-pound-560 on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Like I said, well, we had a great show on the internet.
I think I'm going to scrap the...
Oh, I'm serious. I'm going to scrap the QA and thing.
And I'm just going to go on the internet.
All right.
I hired my own sales department.
And just will just do a show on the internet.
Say, bye-bye, Greg.
It's been nice, but my hands really been all that nice.
I go on the internet and you can use whatever the hell language you want.
And you can talk about whatever the hell you want and say anything under the sun.
And I have to like, you know, all tiptoe on eggshells all the time.
Right.
That's where it's at.
On the goddamn internet.
We had a phenomenal response.
And now it's...
You hear what it is?
Yeah.
A single crap.
Here's plantation.
Hey, I don't.
All right.
Okay, Pally.
Two things.
Well, maybe three.
Number one.
About eight...
I don't know.
About eight minutes to eight or maybe even twenty to eight.
Shmo is given, you know, introduction to the new gentleman coming on.
And he's like, given a moral.
And he's like, you know, making him his pal.
He's like, you know, he would never say anything good about you or anything.
Right.
Now, he's looking for an ally.
See, he's alienated everybody else in the building.
That's why we're so amusing that once the transmitter took the head and we went off the air
for all came in and we were talking for about a half an hour off the air.
And he just ripped Mo and ass.
I mean, just tore into him like, you're crazy.
He hates him like poison.
Right.
Also, last time.
In an addition to which you'll find this most amusing, Mo, see the reason that he did that,
he brought him in on the show is to try to convince management that the two of them would work great together.
So he's trying to get out of that latent and I think that they're shoving him back further into Oblivion.
He's trying to like work his way back to the original schedule and prove to them that he would be great with Pharrell.
Of course, obviously he failed because number one, Pharrell hates him like poison.
And number two, nobody is on with Pharrell because once he starts talking, you don't get in one word edwized.
Yeah, he's excellent like you, but he still has a way to go.
But oh, last night on the news, Jackie Johnson was given oral to a carrot and two rhinoceros.
Yeah.
And that's one thing.
And also, Neal.
A lot of guys have paid us to see that.
Yeah.
And also, this thing with the cruise lines and the newspapers down here, they kind of had all that money years ago to write how the gambling was no good because they were getting the soft money, the night-reader people and whatnot were getting the soft money about don't vote for gambling down there.
The way all these ships are registered in other countries and the way it's a scam, the way the inspections go, that was a sad thing with those people, with the boiler.
How can you use steam for an end?
I mean, it's unbelievable.
You said it's a sad thing.
How about all the people that get raped on those ships and the fires they have?
I mean, you're taking your life into your hands.
And I just, I gave up trying to talk people out of going because people have this morbid fascination with going on these cruise ships.
It's one of the biggest scams going anywhere.
And the idea that anybody's going to make any money gambling or any real money gambling on those ships, you know, those day cruises or whatever they come.
It's a joke.
It's a farce.
And they're a big part of the reason why we don't have gambling in Florida and have a great day.
Thank you.
Fies, I don't want to do a stand-worth, hammer thing, go through that whole rehash it because it's, what's the point?
There's no point in that.
It's not going to happen.
You're not going to have casino gambling in Florida because you got a bunch of blue nose, Bible thumping, right-wing mugwumps who run the state.
And then of course you got all those right-wing assholes in there, those better, holier than now.
And that's, and you got Mickey Ererson and you got the Bahamas crowd, of course, too.
The Bahama crowd.
Yeah, ma'am.
Because if we ever had casinos in South Florida, put them out of business in five minutes.
Who'd want to go over there and get treated like crap?
Well, by the way, don't forget about our contest.
That's not good timing, huh?
Why not?
Well, seriously, the hot couple's contest number three.
It's up on our poll right now.
I guess we don't have any new entries yet, huh?
Not as of today, I just checked.
I'll be damned.
Well, you guys better get with it.
Thursday, June 15th or whatever day that is.
See, I'm trying to extrapolate from the previous one.
On June 15th, what day of the week is that?
We're checking out.
It's really the day.
Like I said, on Sunday, June 15th.
Monday, June 16th, pictures will be up on the web for voters to choose their favorite of all the pictures that we get.
And then on the following Monday, the 23rd of June, a couple of the most votes wins.
And the first prize is three day two nights stay for two of the Royal Erases resort in Casino.
And then we'll end up in a Bahamas with the round trip airfare on Laker Air.
And we just love the Bahamas doing well.
I mean, the price is right.
You'll have a good time.
And then we also have dinner for two with the pizza loft is one of the other prizes.
And maybe another prize, but we don't know.
But in the meantime, you can get the email us a picture of yourselves with your significant other to neo-rarchers.com and get the goddamn ball rolling, okay?
No pictures yet?
No.
Jesus Christ in the...
I don't want to say it.
I don't want to put myself into a negative frame of mine because yesterday...
I left this seat at one o'clock on a high and even mad dog talked about it.
I was on top of the world.
And leave it to the South Florida thing.
And then of course this deal with either the sabotage or the lightning strike,
whatever happened to the transmitter and our whole new lineup debuted today getting thrown out of kilter.
This is... it's just the South Florida FNW is what it is, man.
Five and the local FISIS is five cities.
The radio is all yours now.
AAAAAAAA!
QAM!
Purchase.
Hello?
Eisner?
Uh... uh... yes?
Mouse!
Oh, Mr. Mouse, good morning, how are you, sir?
I'm not good, Eisner.
Oh, you're not feeling well, sir?
I'm watching the television.
The ABC 50-year reunion special?
Oh, what an amazing special.
What a night to remember.
Yeah, a night to remember for you.
How many times were you on camera?
Uh... I don't know.
I caught a 75.
Oh, really?
It was all about you.
You make well maniac.
You've only built a company out of all 10 years or whatever.
And you rented it into the toilet.
Uh... what did you think of my speech, sir?
I thought it was terrible.
You're awful.
Why did not I give the speech?
Well, sir, since I am the president and CEO of the company, I thought of...
You're an idiot.
Well, we did have some major talent.
I mean, we had a challenger vote at Tim Allen.
Uh, Tim Allen?
Uh, uh, uh, please?
Hold on, sir.
Stop that for a second.
Who is that?
Uh, no one.
It's just to help you.
You were saying about Tim Allen?
That that are not the remux.
No, no, no, no.
We called in sick today.
Oh, that's...
I got paper work up to my big ears.
It's remuxed.
Put them on.
No, sir, so you were saying Tim Allen?
I am on.
Is that remux?
Yes, sir.
Put them on the phone.
Remus, remus, remus, remus.
Stop that for a second.
What did you say?
Hello.
What do you call him?
Who is this?
What do you mean who's this?
How you doing, boss?
Did I just hear you call either boss?
Who's your boss?
Who's your boss?
You're my boss.
I'm your boss.
You're my boss.
Remus?
Yeah?
Why aren't you here today?
You're called in sick.
I've taken some lost time.
You know, like Sibwits does on the army.
Why PD Blue?
Lost time.
You work here, remus.
I've done tons of things for you.
I paid for your rehab, didn't I?
I'm a meaner to talk to you about that, boss.
Got you off the credit, remus.
I need a little refresher, boss.
What's going on, remus?
I'm almost done here, boss.
What are you doing over there?
Put me to goosie.
Are you a goosie?
It's a beautiful boss.
Put the McWamaniac on.
Hold on.
Are you with me?
Sir.
Are you a goosie?
Well, it's been very stressful these days.
You know, with the fall schedule and everything getting ready,
I've been very stressed.
You don't need a goosie in your office.
You're terrible.
What's the rest?
Remus, remus, remus, remus.
Why do we have Tim Allen?
Well, Tim Allen, a major star for the company.
He has not even had a show for years.
I mean, sure.
First of all, it was funny in all the neighborhood of the fence
and you couldn't see his face.
And Tim Allen, making all of the prude.
The running noises, but come on.
Well, he is Santa Claus.
I mean, two hits.
Santa Claus movie.
Fire him.
What?
Fire him.
Fire him.
Fire him.
Fire him.
I'm trying to say something to him.
But I can't speak.
Fire him.
Tell remus.
It's over.
I'm talking to him.
Oh, God.
I'm talking to him.
Remus, Mr. Mouse is talking to you.
He's voting.
I know, doctor.
I can't even read.
Not, doctor.
I'm talking.
Forget it.
I'm talking losers.
Hey, man.
1150, 10th alone at your Mickey Mouse Station QAM.
How many votes have we got on a poll on a graffiti thing?
154.
What's your take on graffiti?
Only six people write at 52.
Boy, there must be a lot of sick people out there, you know what?
Yeah, thank goodness.
God.
Thank God we don't have any of them in this audience.
This topic is disgusting.
Where can I see some?
36.
I love to read it 28.
I write graffiti in Drill Gloric.
Drill Gloric, the host 27.
Boy, no, one of they can't call us.
They're busy.
I've never seen any five.
And I love to write it for.
Oh, come on.
You've never seen any graffiti five people in this audience?
Have you ever seen it?
Do you believe that?
No.
I mean, some of you folks, I know that it's South Florida.
You need a very sheltered life.
But come on.
Anybody that's ever been to any kind like a bar, a club, a restaurant, a restaurant, anywhere,
any kind of a public tea room, or even sometimes otherwise like in a park just on walls, you know.
How about at the office, like right here?
At the office, what?
You mean in the tea room?
Right.
Do we have graffiti on the walls in there?
Not yet, but.
Hey, there's a great idea for you.
Get your sharpies out.
Guys and girls at QIM?
Yeah, start scraping it.
What's with the men named Mo David?
Here's the facts from Ron and Jupiter says funny how the beesleaves can swallow the fact that one of their big money broadcasters has been demoted with no pay cut.
Another town has been added to the payroll, but poor peasant man George can never get his bonus.
And you thought I was kidding the other day when I faxed Slice who suggested transmitter maintenance in the morning.
Right on target, Ron, you got your thumb right on it, sweetheart.
Transmitter maintenance for two hours.
I think it's going to be real interesting tomorrow at about 752, 755 to see if we have like another storm that just passes by our transmitter and just might go off the air again tomorrow.
Wouldn't that be something, huh?
That'd be something.
Because I'm starting to really wonder who the hell is behind that somebody I think got the bomb on that transmitter somebody done us in.
Somebody who's really pissed off and frustrated over the fact that we finally got a line up that looks like we might make some inroads and make some real progress.
Here's a call from Margate.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir.
Uncle Neil.
Yes, I am.
Oh, good.
Got your back.
A couple things.
George and Carlos.
Nice job in your absence.
I think the Scott's girl thing sounds like a winner, what little bit I've heard of him.
Yeah.
Yeah, indeed.
And something, I don't know if you are familiar with this, but you've photos of the Pentagon from 9-11.
Unbelievable.
I'm just wondering if perhaps maybe some of your listeners are familiar with this or maybe it's a hoax.
I don't know if this is a station out of Missouri.
The Power Hour dot com 9-11 update.
Unbelievable, these photos.
And the hoax is our government perhaps is perpetrating on us.
And with that, I would hope there are other words the towers are still there.
Is that where you're saying?
No, no, no.
What I'm saying is that what they're saying is that there's no way that a Boeing 757 could have crashed into the Pentagon.
And when you look at the photos and it's unbelievable.
Okay, what's the website?
It's thepowerhour dot com.
Okay, I'll check it out.
Cool.
Thanks, Pally.
I'm done, man.
All right.
He's done.
5670560, a very marginal response, although I noticed the phones were flashing like crazy.
But being a boy is probably busy trying to like redo the spots here.
I'm making a excuse for you.
Huh?
Well, let me know.
Well, no, no, see, there's something I don't understand.
I want to you said seven minute breaks.
And I thought to myself, well, wait a moment now.
Yeah.
Because I always missed was two breaks on this show.
That's all we missed.
Now, if you're going to tell me that they're going to make up show.
See, people who buy morning drive from six to 10 weren't buying 10 to two.
They weren't buying midday.
That's what you think.
Oh, that's what they thought.
So in other words, what we're doing is we're putting a scam here.
And we've got poor beaner boy in there, tried like, because I mean seven minute breaks.
Based on what we missed two breaks, so I'm thinking like, you know, I'll come in.
We got some short breaks as it is.
Just like who's right along, you know, not a Q and man.
The old scam, old look continues.
We'll let people I thought they were buying morning drive.
All of a sudden they're on the garage show.
Wow.
American, I just say if they were running ROS, you know, run a station time.
We don't have a whole lot of those.
I don't think, you know, right?
Well, they are apparently right now.
I see.
So in other words, if you didn't get on between seven, fifty, two and ten, forty this morning,
we'll get you on sometime.
It might be about two, thirteen in the morning.
Right.
And you'll like it.
And you'll like it and you'll pay the bill.
That's the most important thing.
You'll pay it and you'll like it.
Okay.
And you'll be honored.
What are you laughing about?
You'll be honored to be having us run your commercial or at least pretend that we ran your commercial here on QAM.
And by the way, how'd you like some free mentions too while you're at it?
Huh?
We'll get Neil and Hank and Ferrell and the MoMise, too, to mention your business six thousand times a day,
but just sign right here on the dotted line, okay?
We're going to promote like crazy.
Just like that promo that Sam made that we don't remember?
How can I forget?
Can't bitch in me out?
How come he's not reading that promo for whatever the hell it was?
And then come to find out they never gave us one.
But that's just nitpicking again.
I got some bad news about Amsterdam coming not just the fact that it sucks.
I've got one of the worst stories.
Did you see the story that I fact?
Which one?
I saw them all.
Bad trip ahead for Dutch joint joints.
Oh, what's up with that?
This is called the last nail in the frickin' coffin.
We're supporting you five c.t.
Ju-a-m.
Lick it and stick it.
I choose out both of us.
I choose out in my clever.
I choose my game three days.
I choose out both of us.
I choose out both of us.
I choose out both of us.
All right.
I choose out in my clever.
I choose out both of us.
I choose out both of us.
Oh, three and five sixty WQM, our poll question today.
How'd you like the debut of the Scat for Real Show this morning, 8 to 10 on QAM?
I liked it a lot.
It was great.
What's your take on graffiti, 191 votes now?
We have an ad one call from one person who festers up to it,
who admits that they have written graffiti on a restroom wall.
Right?
Now, also in other places you'll see plenty of it as in elevators.
True.
In some buildings and whatnot, crack houses.
I'm talking about crack houses.
I'm talking about in elevators and office buildings in various other places.
If people are like on the 30th floor and you're going down to the ground floor,
and there's nobody else around, I guess.
I don't know.
I don't know what it is that I thought it would be kind of interesting to find out from these people,
but our audience is usually lie a lot.
They lie.
Oh no, we would never do anything like that.
Okay.
I mean, what is it that motivates people to do that?
I give up.
To whip out their sharpie and start sending messages.
Anyway, here's the bad story.
This is an I told you Amsterdam blows.
It just, and this should give you an idea what's going on there.
Dutch coffee shops famous for selling cannabis are about to see business go up and smoke.
Oh, officials have just put the finishing touches to a measure banning smoking in cannabis selling cafes.
Due to get government approval soon, the law aims to protect employees of all companies from passive smoking.
So there we go with that crowd again.
If it's not the pita people, it's the passive smoking or if it's not the mad old housewives,
mothers against the life.
Any coffee shop that has employees will be affected too said,
2D Prince, director of Dutch anti-smoking groups, Devoro.
Although cannabis is formally illegal in the Netherlands,
its use and sale are tolerated under strict government conditions.
Coffee shops where customers can buy a small amount of cannabis without fear of arrest are a major tourist draw.
Coffee shop owners were a guest.
The whole point of going to a coffee shop is to smoke at Arjan Ross' game,
chairman of the union for cannabis retailers.
You know what they're going to outlaw next?
Sex. Coffee.
Oh.
Just to make sure you don't go to the coffee shop.
Oh, it's got that caffeine in it, you know.
The Netherlands boasts around 800 cannabis cafes,
smoking a joint in the Amsterdam coffee shop,
vise with canal boat tours and trips to the flower market for a place on tourist itineraries.
How do you like that?
So there's one final day in the coffin and that should be the final blow to convince you
which have been trying to tell you since I've been back these last few days.
Do not waste your hard-earned money going to Amsterdam.
It's, they've lost it.
History.
Was Great Vidal lasted?
Error's over, baby.
I guess so.
You waited too long here.
Oh well, although Elle will it to use the apartment?
56670560, 560 on a 18 and T in Verizon wireless line.
Don't forget our brand new line of starts tomorrow.
Weather permitting.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Yes, sir.
I want to put up the feet down your ass.
You're faggot.
Oh, God.
56670560, 560 on a 18 and T in Verizon wireless line.
Like I said, it only takes 24 hours or less for the South Florida crowd to bring you down from your state of euphoria into their state.
That penicil on the map, that hanging, drooping, disgusting thing.
The state of euphlora, that?
Yeah, that's the one.
Here's Miami. Hello.
I'm Galeo.
Yes, sir.
Can you hear me?
I hear you.
Good. I'm under like a downpour.
I just want to make a comment on what that guy called earlier about the Pentagon.
Remember that he was saying about it might be a scam that was never hit by a building or whatever.
I mean, hit by a plane. I'm sorry.
That came up like about a year ago on another website called www.rotten.com.
And the theory behind it was that they were trying to cover it up because allegedly a suicide bomber and a truck just drove right up to the Pentagon and hit it.
And that would have been so embarrassing, you know, such a lack of security.
So there's allegedly that was the cover of the plan.
Well, let me ask you this.
If that's the case, what happened to the plane that disappeared?
Right. That's the one part.
I can't really address too much, but I see, you know, the pictures are interesting.
Yeah, the pictures make you wonder, but what happened to the plane?
You know, it's like there's a little inconsistency.
Wasn't that the one that Barbara Olson was on and went to West of Pittsburgh and then turned around and went back? That's the one.
Yeah. Yeah.
And I guess that maybe it just took off.
They pick up Art Bell and they just took off an outer space.
And another quick thing. I don't know if you're familiar with the little facts, but I figure I share it with you.
Your favorite all kind points are Randy Web.
Yeah.
There's an X-ray came, baby.
Well, that that answers all the questions I had played baseball for the University of Miami from 79.
Oh, and man is he ugly.
I'm okay.
Hey, man. Okay. Thanks for the bad news, pal.
Yes. So that plane just disappeared and it was a truck job, a truck suicide bomber.
Don't forget the UFOs and the UFO and maybe Art Bell done it.
In fact, maybe Art Bell since he and on the air anymore.
Maybe he's the one that screwed up our transmitter this morning, huh?
Hey, no. I think why not wolf think done it myself.
Maybe PD Bulger was out there, did one with our transmitter.
Keeping a great for real off the air.
Seriously, the time that we did on the internet there, those 20 minutes was so much more enjoyable than what this usual crap that we're going through again now.
It's very sad.
So sad.
We'll get somebody before two o'clock.
We'll have somebody call in and admit to writing graffiti somewhere sometime sometime in your life.
I'll admit it.
I'm not like one of those professional graffiti writers, but I don't remember even what the hell it was.
I do remember one time writing somebody's phone number on a wall.
Yeah, I remember that.
And I'm proud of it for a good time.
Yeah.
And I also remember responding.
In other words, there was a message that somebody wrote and I responded like whatever I wrote, you know, because the message moved me to I wanted to respond.
I want to make a statement.
You had a movement.
I had a movement and I wanted to make a statement.
Now, it should please you to know that in my favorite beer bar, the bill of bong in Halendale, there's a lot of pro-neel, nearly graffiti on that bathroom wall.
Is there really a there is?
Well, why the hell are all those people? Is yours? I'll never call me. They're there having a beer.
Somebody wrote it.
See, that's what I'm saying. Somebody wrote all that stuff that you read, whether you think it's grotesque, whether it's filthy or it's sick, whatever you think of it.
Where are they?
I guess maybe they're busy writing it and drilling glory or glory holes.
Oh my God. You got to go to black and decker before you take a dump. I guess that's where it's at.
I mean, it wouldn't be a little bit obvious to walk into a public tea room and have like a power drill up to your arm.
I guess maybe you bring it in your satchel, huh? I think they have to use a whole song.
Because that's the thing now. As you travel around, this seems to be more and more of a thing.
I used to think it was like a fact thing. You know, the guys like with a fanny pack, right?
But now everybody and their brothers seems to have, especially in Europe, they have what do you call those damn things?
They're like travel sacks, right?
Strap over their shoulder under their armpit, up their ass. They got their sack, you know?
And God only knows what's in their sack. Maybe they got their black and decker super power, you know, whatever they got in there.
I know what they got in there.
Water pipe.
No, no.
You're obsessed with that crap, with a drug crap. Even an Amsterdam they're cleaning up from that.
That's the way the past is over with now. All that drug stuff is except here in Canada.
Oh!
Yeah. No, it's interesting. I mean, we also got a little SARS problem.
And we got, you know, that one mad cow. And if you, whether we got some West Namaskitas, but other than that,
it's power size.
If they were moving, we're progressing. And I love the fact that Jean Crche and again the other day,
basically called Bushabozzo, you know, not in so many words, and talked about the gigantic budget deficits and all of these things.
Which it turns out now that $350 billion tax cut is really going to be over $20 million over the next 10 years.
They're doing it with mirrors. Just really sad. And the public continues getting sucked along and sucked along. They're oblivious.
They've got the perfect crowd, man. I only wish that we could orchestrate the perfect audience for whatever crap we're spewing on this show every day.
Because we're doing something wrong. I mean, we're doing okay, but man, to see the way that they're sucking into public with the lies and the bull crap.
It's just amazing how many gullible, stupid, uneducated people are out there. And you know what they call most of them?
What? American.
12 minutes past noon at 560 WQM, the home of the seven minute break. See, if I wanted to be really porky, if I wanted to be real pain in the ass,
I could put a stop to this right now. These long breaks, because it's written in, in granted, that there's only 16 minutes of spots per hour on this show.
See what I'm saying?
I know.
It is written, just like Daniel in the Dianes, Lin. It is written. But I'm not going to be a hard ass because they're paying me a few bucks and what do I care?
In fact, you know, something if they want to run 50 minutes of spots an hour, that's good with us.
Oh, right, boy. Let's talk.
That's right. Let's work. Let's work more pay. That's what we like. Just like the Humper.
Less than a few hours and a lot more cash. That's where it's at. Straighten these Beasley bastards out in a heartbeat.
Before we show the naked pictures of the Beasley's with that Billy Goat and Bob Vermuth.
Well, he's going to really be upset about that story about the coffee shops.
Because he never got to go to him on that first go round. He was too busy on the phone. He was too busy on the phone trying to get the phone line fixed.
That breaks my heart that he just didn't have a really good time in Amsterdam.
1213 at 560 WDQM. You know, remember yesterday you said that the choice driver was faxing me new copy.
A little additional stuff for your Charles Offyery. Right? Didn't happen. Didn't happen Troy.
Didn't happen. You see, so maybe the transmitter had a problem this morning. Maybe we were off the air for two hours and 40 some odd minutes, 48 to be exact.
But the fact of the matter is that the people in that place, they're like in, they're like on a treadmill.
They're fear moving, but they're going nowhere. Nothing is happening if QA. You know, we got a new line up now.
We're supposed to have like a whole new altitude about life, but nothing changes because we have some people refuse to do it.
To bring it forth. Bring it forth, Troy. Are you idiot? Bring it forth. You bald-headed geek.
Roy! Anyway, speaking of bald-headed, if you've got a hair ahead like Troy Stranford, in other words, you don't have any. Or if it's vanishing, if you've got a big ugly bald spot, you know what you can do.
Do we have that picture up yet? The most special? No, it'll be absurd. Oh, boy, I can't wait. All you guys that are getting more and more vanishing here, when you take a look at that most special, sans muskrat, then you'll really understand why you need to see Chuck Alphiery.
Because when your hair is vanishing, you look older, you look bad, you look ugly, worse than usual. And it's not the way to go if you want to get some action.
You want to get ahead in life. For over 25 years, Chuck Alphier has been pedaling his natural hairline system, and it's the best.
That's why even the people, the big shots with a big buck's coat of Charlie, because no matter how much money you've got, you can't get a better, more natural looking head of hair.
You don't want that muskrat, you don't want the holes in the head, you don't want the dangerous pills, you want a real great looking head of hair that looks like the real thing, like it's grown out of your scalp as opposed to fell out of the sky on top of your aid.
If you imagine you need a ride, just when you call, you get an extra 200 bucks off the regular price of the natural hairline system.
So do yourself a favor and get yourself some great looking hair by calling Chuck Alphiery. Call toll free 1-800-321-2413.
I think when you see that picture on our website later on, it'll inspire you to make the call. 1-800-321-2413, or log onto their prestigious website at CharlesAlphiery.com.
Bro, right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
Saint ammonia's, Monty's, who we turn in their own mothers.
I bet you're gonna save that when it comes at your back if they make you board that train.
Right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
Well, it just ain't enough, just have right, feeling the airways with hatred.
The radio was permeated with the likes of Dr. Laura Bill Hendry and Michael Reagan.
They call the clear channel cost are clearly out, they make the message clear.
The right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
They're all right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
For all the table talking idiot to food and get any dumber.
That or not, or to whatever they are told to believe, and worship George as their king.
Right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
Well, the Democrats, who crap their pants like a child that is scary, moving.
At Terry McCullough, who should go home and shut up, but he don't have a clue what he's doing.
The Democrats have a death wish when it comes to deciding who they will run.
And you can color them done.
If they run, jolly vermouth.
Right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
Boy, they're all right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
Who get indicative it isn't them at getting a juicy humler.
Just remember what I said when it comes in your back, they make you for that train.
Right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
They're all right wing Nazi Republican Motherf***ers.
For all the table talking idiot to food and get any dumber.
From 22 to 560 WQM, welcome to our debut day of the new format called Being Off the Air for a couple of hours.
I'll tell you one thing, I thought I was going to feel a lot better about for well being the lead in.
Well, I really feel he let us down today.
No, too. It was almost like he didn't do a show.
Yeah, I feel like he was kind of a weak lead in today.
So Scott, if you're still listening, which I hope not for your sake, but if you still are,
I'll put you up a little bit tomorrow.
Okay, a couple of notches, because this was pretty weak.
233 votes on the pool. What's your take on graffiti?
Only sick people write it 84.
You know, just on the surface of it, that is so ridiculous to me.
Why do you have to be sick to write graffiti?
Maybe when they read the question, they're thinking about all that gang graffiti,
even though you explained it on the air.
No, that's not what they're thinking about.
They know what we're talking about on T-room walls.
Okay, restroom walls and bar room stalls and whatever else, you know.
And maybe on some of these walls.
Huh? No, seriously, what does that mean?
Only sick people write it 84 votes.
That's by far the way leading.
In other words, because other people do something that I don't that makes them sick.
I mean, I'm not into that, but it is, it's interesting.
It's part of life. It's what some people do.
They're sitting in there. They got nothing else to do.
They want to make a message.
They want to send a guy a damn message like Joey Zaza going to send me a message.
That's right.
51 people say this topic is disgusting.
Where can I see some?
49 say I love to read it.
Well, at least that's a breath of fresh air.
I write graffiti and jewelry holes.
37.
That's from the Home Depot crowd.
I've never seen any eight and I love to write it seven.
I ate people never seen any graffiti.
God.
There is something really in the air.
You can smell the net town.
I'm so glad.
I'm so delighted.
So, what do you think of that Amsterdam story?
I think it's disgusting and nauseating and tragic.
And you mark my words.
That's the start.
That's only the beginning.
Next, they'll be cracking down on the red light district.
I wanted them to be wanting to make changes there and to make it smaller and to cut away down.
Or let me do it all together.
Who now knows?
That is a city in the midst of self-destruction, self-immolation.
They're just destroying themselves.
And it didn't take long for the word to get out because boy, there wasn't anybody there.
You could go bowling on a goddamn cobblestone streets.
Here's a call from Davy.
Hello.
You know why I like writing graffiti, Mr. Neil Rogers?
Because I'm crazy.
Here's a call from Weston.
Hello.
Hey.
Yes, sir.
All right.
You know why you need graffiti for territories.
You know those gangs.
You gotta know who were there.
You can't just go in there.
I mean, nuts.
And get the bowling fan toe.
Go Spiner!
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I think we touched on a topping here today that's the way out of the our audience.
Don't get it.
Well, apparently.
Huh?
No, they don't.
This is not in their repertoire.
At least they would like us to believe that.
They're much better than this.
This is something that only degenerates like Neil and George and Bonerboy.
And what about Bonerboy?
You ever written an graffiti?
Written?
No.
Not a word?
Not one word.
Well, you better get with it.
A good little biter.
You better get with it.
You read it, though.
You've read it.
Oh, yeah.
You've seen some.
Yeah.
The thing to me that's where he said is when you go into a brand new restaurant.
But obviously they spent a fortune on it.
It's all beautiful, new, a very fancy restroom, the hotel.
And then you sit down in the throne and you look around and it's just that doesn't look good.
You know, no.
Although it has to start somewhere.
Well.
But I'd wait until the place gets run down a little bit first, you know.
Well, I thought you'd start breaking.
And before the place starts getting a little bit on the smarmy side.
That's no fun.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I thought it was going to be so ecstatic to be back on from 10 to 2, but actually we aren't on 10 to 2.
It's 10 to 40 to 2.
Although at one o'clock I will give you a little preview.
It's the one to 2 hour.
Because even though we have many of those, that always seemed to me to be the definitive one.
Right.
Now we do have some other interesting ones that we'll be using in days to come like.
Oh, my favorite Republicans.
This is Matt Drudge.
And it's time for the real excuse me uploading.
It's time once again for the Neil Rogers power.
1 to 2.
Oh, and I'm sure that the sweetie is listening right now.
Oh boy, don't hold a grudge, grudge, grudge.
Uh-huh.
This is Pope John Paul Linton's.
And if he asks me, the only thing more fun than playing grudge with this Swiss guy is the Neil Rogers power.
1 to 2.
I am Powell.
This is Rosie O'Donnell.
And the clock on my stomach says it's the Neil Rogers 1 to 2.
And the way we go.
Funny how Rosie sounds so much like Mothies days, you know.
Never seemed together.
Mow and Mow.
No.
Never seemed together.
Here's a call from Poppano Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, good afternoon, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it's a regarding graffiti.
Actually, some of it is mindless, but quite a bit of it is very informative.
I mean, I saw something the other day that said don't steal the government hate's competition.
And, you know, it's more information that you'll get on most news broadcast these days.
Uh-huh.
But, you know, really, it's a matter of expression.
And again, it depends who the artist is.
Some of it is very good.
Some of it isn't worth the paint that's used to print it.
Have you ever written any?
Oh, yeah, sure.
I have.
I guess a New York City.
I mean, it's almost hot for them up there.
Right.
That's maybe a soft load is a little bit too, uh, I don't know.
Too out of it.
It's out of the mainstream.
That could be, but you know, you were touching on something earlier about the present administration.
And it's really amazing to me how, um, here's an administration that talks about supporting the troops.
And yet now they're cutting their GI benefits for the next 10 years, which coincides with the...
Nobody cares, my friend.
I've talked about it till I'm doing my face.
Nobody cares.
It's amazing, Neil.
It really is.
I mean, people that I know that are very well educated don't seem to get it either.
But, you know, down the road, they'll be crying when there's something that they're used to having.
Anyway, you have a great day.
Always a pleasure talking with you.
Thanks a lot, Pellie.
Okay, bye.
See ya.
Muslim women fights to keep on veil for driver's license photo.
I remember the guy who called yesterday about the camel jockey.
He called it that was bad.
Yeah.
Although I think he had a point.
Orlando experts in Islamic law have been called to testify in the loss of that Muslim woman fighting for a state order to take off her veil for her driver's license photo.
So, Tana Freeman 35 says Florida's insurance insistence on photographing her face violates her religious rights to which we say,
Bolshmit.
I don't unveil because it would be disobeyed by Lord Freeman testified to the death of her non-Jury trial.
Assistant Attorney General Jason Vale argued that having an easily identifiable photo on a driver's license is a matter of public safety.
It's the primary method by identification in Florida and the nation veil said,
I don't think there can be any doubt there is a public safety interest.
Freeman's attorneys argue that state officials didn't care that she wore a veil in her Florida driver's license photo until after 9-11 attacks and allegations of state denies.
This is about religious liberty.
It's about whether this country is going to have religious diversity so Howard Marx in attorney for the ACLU of Florida.
Both sides plan to call experts in Islamic law of the trial which continues, let's see, what the hell date is this from?
This is from today's website CNN and it says, continues Wednesday.
This thing may be over for all we know.
Nice going CNN.
I think I just saw it earlier.
Court TV is showing it.
Still going on her piece.
What's on court TV?
It was.
It has been.
Well, let me take a puke.
Okay, everybody's alright now.
I forgot where it is.
Well, let me take a look.
Yeah.
You could be a lot of lot if that was some time ago.
But nothing quite with these facts.
Yeah.
Yeah.
No.
It's a great day.
Oh no!
Oh no!
Oh no!
You won't believe who that is.
Or did that have to be agreed upon by the two of you?
Well, it's a case for a junkie, really.
So it's always.
It's that's bits that's not Larry King every night.
That's fucking bitch.
Nancy Grace.
Yeah.
That's the one.
He was.
Had there been an issue to go to a jury?
Do you think this is better tried or better handled by a judge?
Is it supposed to a jury?
I wouldn't want to spectrum.
Well, it must be my psychic powers again because I've had this sitting here in my pile all morning.
And there it is.
And there it is.
And there it's on court TV.
Shocking.
Freeman, a convert to Islam previously known as Sandra Keller.
War her veil for the photo on a photo driver's license she obtained after moving to the state in 2001.
Nine months later, she got led up from the state warning.
It could revoke her license unless she returned for a photo with her face uncovered.
Freeman claims the religious beliefs required to keep her head and face covered out of modesty in that her face prohibits her face from being photographed.
Pala crap.
Any old excuse driving the privilege is it?
What's the revenge anybody else from saying?
Well, I'm going to wear a mask like Zorro because I have a religion that says to me that, you know, I can't show my face in public.
Hockey mask like Jason.
Yeah, like Patrick Frog.
All he ain't going to be wearing it no more.
Bye bye Patrick.
Don't let the door hit you in the ass in a way out you it.
Oh, it makes me nauseous.
Let's see.
Here's a little graffiti for your tea room inspired by George. It says this is from V.
There once was a man named mode David.
It was funny how much he was hated.
A rug wearer with checkered pants each morning he gives into rants.
The morning became lame so cue and button in the new name.
I need a better lead in the old said.
So now Mo gets up an hour earlier from bed.
Let's see it says we'd love to hear the new lineup sometimes.
Somebody better keep an eye on Mo tomorrow smells like sabotage to me.
Yeah.
Somebody better find out who he's in touch with because when I heard the rumor was, I don't want to say who told me, but the rumor was he walked out of there smiling from ear to ear when bolting out of there like at 7.
5.54 this morning smiling like the cheshire cat and you might forget what he has said earlier about it by the way to the losers on cloud about the bomb about dropping the bomb.
I didn't forget.
I mentioned that this morning if he would have been listening.
Who?
And when now we have a new deal of QM we have the the Miguel George and Beener boy the three spicks we have the little it wasn't bad enough we had the Eric business.
You're okay now Eric you're off the hook.
There are paying attention you anymore your small potatoes now they're into Miguel the spick click.
Yeah the spick click has got a little a cat fight going on their little spat.
The spick spat and on the one hand Beener boys tell me that the Miguel is a pussy and then George is defending him.
Okay so I guess when I go to when I go to treasure island on Wednesday we know who's getting a little bit of a feel from a girl and it's not owner boy.
Here's a call from Cooper City hello.
Yes sir.
Good dog.
And back to you.
Did I wait a minute did I miss a break?
Hang on, hang on sir.
How can you let me do that?
Did I miss a break this hour?
We're checking because I'm a bad bad man.
No sirs how did I do that?
We're having a crazy day.
Boy oh boy I'm I am.
Yeah.
1234 we just we just sailed right on by the 25 break.
We must be having a hell of a good time.
Nobody told me we must be I don't feel like it but it must be sensational.
Well can I damn it?
Let me tell you about a really good product.
Olio Med.
In fact I should probably be taking a lot more.
Olio Med soft sales contain the best olive oil you can find not just ordinary olive oil but super.
You know what started that?
It was when we did the internet thing.
With no breaks and no bits and we just you know we started rambling along and I got into the because I kind of like that anyway.
You're like olive oil you're like in olio med because it is super concentrated and loaded with health benefits for you.
Olio Med every day can not produce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol and there are 14 different olio med formulas to choose from each one combining the best olive oil that you'll find anywhere is with vitamins, minerals and herbals to support specific parts of your health from your bones to your blood pressure to your immune system.
Just pick out the formulas that are right for you and I've got three brand new olio med formulas.
One to help you sleep, one to help you control your weight.
Sell Q10 for your heart.
Fix them up today at public's, records, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro, Sedanos or just about any place order it online if you like at oliomedamerica.com.
If you want more information about these stellar products called toll free 1-866 olio med.
That's 1-866-653633.
Get some olio med and start popping it in your purse as soon as possible.
My, my, and local, I'm your sports radio 560C.
You, A-M.
So, God, I'll, W-Q-A-M.
Where the bag is.
Hello, hello, my, I'm Mary and Faith Beardsley.
You're probably not me now, it's me, me.
The White House is hurting.
I made love to JFK.
I has a lick on his neck and suck his ear a little.
Cause that's the way he liked it.
He grabbed my skirt and high it.
Duped off my blouse and spike it.
Yeah, that's the way he liked it.
He had a summer of 61.
That's when I met JFK.
He gave a hug out and had some fun.
Then we went all the way.
Cause that's the way he liked it.
Everybody grabbed my skirt and high it.
Cause that's my blouse and spike it.
Yeah, that's the way he liked it.
We did it in a remote.
We did it in a home.
We made love on Air Force One.
One time he picked me up from school.
For one, three, seven, when Mary and I run,
he got the way everybody.
He liked it.
He grabbed my skirt and high it.
Cause that's my blouse and spike it.
Yeah, that's the way he liked it.
1240.
Oh, I like the way that it is.
20-to-1 at 5.60 QA and we go to two o'clock.
Don't forget.
You forget yet?
No.
Now, what?
They're hanging on the edge of their radios.
If you want to know what the problem in America is,
here's a story that you give you like a little clue.
Boy Burns sleeping friend with hot water in Jackass stunt.
Guyana Ohio, a 13-year-old boy who wanted to make his own version of Jackass the movie,
threw a cup of boiling water on his best friend as he slept causing second-degree burns,
said.
Column Gaffney was charged with felony assault.
Police Lieutenant Jeff Spence and Gaffney videotape the May 19th incident,
and others in earlier weeks,
the boy told police he planned to make his own movie of pranks similar to Jackass,
a movie version of the defunct MTV show.
Gaffney and other boys from this Columbus suburb appear throughout the hour-long video of Pranks and Stunts.
Spence said no one was hurting the rest of the tape.
The MTV show in the movie include a warning against trying stunts at home.
Gaffney's mother, Bernardine DiCicco,
said he didn't know the boys were imitating these stupid TV shows.
They did many stunts that Colin could have been killed at.
He said, luckily he didn't get hurt.
He didn't get hurt.
Now the kid that he spilled the boiling water on,
he might have a little bit of a problem.
Maximum penalty could get in juvenile court as confinement of the youth detention center until 21.
He's 13.
Good, put his ass away, okay?
Right.
How do you like that?
What a Jackass.
How, yes, seriously, how much of a Jackass?
How stupid you have to be.
13 years old.
You don't know if you're poor, avoiding hot water on somebody,
you're gonna scald him and maybe even, uh, whatever you're gonna do.
How stupid you have to be, huh?
13 freaking years old.
Dumber than sawdust.
Dumber than Al Presidente, and that's saying a lot,
or maybe getting carried away.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon.
My feeling about this show so far today,
and of course it was my fault there I screwed up.
In fact, you know something we probably should do another break right now.
Hey, let's do two.
Hey, let's do two or three breaks.
All spots radio, man, that's the slogan of this goddamn place.
All spots radio.
That damn bitch, Scrooan was into this morning.
Poor, poor Pharrell is trying to get on here.
This is his first day officially in the lineup.
We've, Valley Hooded, the TV people are there,
the newspapers, wrote articles about it.
And here, he's got his own problems
of trying to find out when the hell we're gonna get back on here,
which he never did.
And here, Scrooan is in there hyperventilating,
jumping up and down, like Clarence or here,
or somebody else is gonna do something about it, okay?
Like they're gonna wave a magic wand
and get the transmitter back on,
so she can get her goddamn spots on here.
Because like I've tried to explain to you people
for five plus long years now,
and nobody wants to believe me.
WQM doesn't care whether we're entertaining,
whether we're interesting, whether we're amusing,
whether we're informative, whether you like us,
whether you hate us, we just want the money.
Don't you understand?
Give us the effing money.
Now, that's it.
That's the beginning, that's the end, that's the middle,
that's the QAMF and philosophy, man.
Just give us the goddamn money.
Sonny, what are you trying to say?
Get the honey, junior.
I'm trying to say that there are much of graveyard
versus what I'm trying to say.
You should have seen the scene.
She's got some nerve going in there
running around hyperventilating, like,
what are they gonna do?
You know, like they need her grief on top of all the other?
Plus the smell hurt.
Who would have needs to be smelling her?
No wonder for her else that he was swooning in there this morning.
Swooning?
From that bitch.
God, the only person I know of that could even come
with him 15 feet or her without passing out was Roy.
And he didn't smell too good either.
1244 at 560 WQAM.
Hey, I want to tell you something, speaking of Roy.
There are people with fat heads,
and then there are people with fat puppets.
Roy had a fat head.
He was a fat guy, you say?
Right?
Where a foster, he was pretty fat, pretty, pretty chubby.
Balance for life can help you lose that excess
poundage and get back into, like, real clothing
and get your health back.
That's the most important thing.
Even if you don't give a crap out of the people
feel about the way you look.
How about your health?
Do you want to be diabetic?
No.
Do you want to die an earlier with heart disease?
No.
Stroke all of these things?
No.
So let balance for life help you lose the way
the easy, delicious way with their little black sack.
That's the key to their whole program.
They put together the food for it.
And they have chefs that make delicious meals,
and they deliver to you a little black sack every morning
by 6 a.m. to your home, your work wherever you want them to deliver it to.
And in your sack is your food for the entire day.
Three gourmet meals, fresh good stuff,
and two delicious snacks are in there,
which will keep you satisfied all through the day,
while the wait pours off your body,
you'll start seeing results with just a matter of days.
So if you've tried all the other weight loss programs,
the pills, the potions, the magic, whatever wand,
and they have a work for it,
let balance for life do it for you.
No cooking, no counting, no calories to worry about,
no carbohydrate counting, they do all I work for you.
All you do is choose between two alternatives
for each meal every day that you run a program,
and the little menu you fill out, and that's it.
And the rest is a piece of cake.
So call balance for life and start losing the weight
the delicious way, 954-568-3229.
568-3229 or check them out on the web
at balanceforlife.com.
My, and local, this is 440-560.
You're way, you way.
I'll just edit TV.
She's a little crazy, a little unspoken,
but totally liberated.
It's the premiere of my big fat Kurdish life.
But, Tima, have you seen Mariza?
I have, using it right now.
Using, but what does a Kurdish wife need with a razor?
Now that I have, I liberated the woman,
I am the swirling away the veil and shaving my mustache.
Put your mustache in your best feature.
My big fat Kurdish life, that is the night of Al-Jazira.
It's TV today for...
Amen, you need to keep your brother away from the goaps.
They're producing less milk since he's sleeping in the barn.
Maybe that brought in Orlando, maybe she's having her mustache, you think?
They just showed her picture on one of these channels,
and it was from a mug shot.
And now I know why she's wearing a veil.
I see.
1251 at 560, W.D. Kim, probably for the simmaries that Moa out of wear one.
Is that picture on her yet?
He's working.
Working on her head and feet.
Okay.
293 votes on the pool, and a very little response on the phone.
We had a one guy who admitted he writes graffiti,
and that was it.
Other than that, this audience finds it revolting, disgusting.
They have never seen any of these things.
It's only in my imagination.
It's a fact thing. It's a pervert thing.
It's a bad thing, and it's unacceptable.
Oh, and let me just tell you this.
Since these people are so much holier and better than the rest of us,
as always is the case.
In Florence, Italy, which is an old and beautiful city, you've been there.
I'm sorry.
In my history.
In my history, Florence is beautiful.
On the Pontavecchio, which they have all of these bridges across the Arno River,
and of course, naturally, they made some of them into tourist traps,
and one of the particular is the Pontavecchio,
which is where they have all the glitzy jewelry stores,
and the overpriced gold and stuff.
I mean, beautiful stuff, but definitely overpriced.
It's a tourist trap.
Anyway, in the middle of the Pontavecchio,
there's a place where you can sit down,
and you can look over to River and just watch people watch,
which is really something in Florence.
And there are walls in cities that are thousands of years old.
There are walls where people have written,
they've carved their initials, and written the date,
and graffiti, and messages, whatever.
And it's all right there.
In Florence.
Not in McDonald's, not in Denny's Tea Room.
We're talking about in Florence, Italy.
So this isn't something that I'm just dreaming up.
This is something that I'll say again.
I saw the movie, and I'm sure I'm the only one that saw that,
so it peaked my interest.
Obviously, they didn't pick anybody else's interest,
because they don't give a flying cramp.
They don't know from graffiti.
They don't know about writing little messages, okay?
Or writing for a good time called Scurran.
Look at that phone.
Is this amazing?
I realize we got a lot of spots,
and the whole show is screwed up today.
This is what we had in mind when we talked about going back
to 10 to 2, Greg.
This is what we had in mind.
It's running like 47 minutes of spots during the hour
and trying desperately to follow two hours and 40 minutes of dead air.
I think it was sabotage if you ask me.
That's what I'm thinking.
I see the fine hand of the moment in this, don't you?
Oh, well, he was threatening me.
I see the big thick hand about dropping the bomb.
And of course, what better moment to take advantage of the opportunity?
He probably made his contacts up with the man upstairs, you know?
And speaking of our poll about graffiti,
there are 11 of us have never seen any.
107 say only six people record graffiti,
but 11 people say I've never seen any.
Well, guess what?
Don't believe one of you.
You don't think that any of them are those like really gargantuan fat people
that you see on Jerry that have never left the house?
That might be it.
That's our crowd.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,
pound 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon wireless line.
You know what sounds really good?
I'm not going to get any because I've got to stop.
But those client-like bars with the score is the score client-like bar?
I'd like to score one.
Here's Coral Gables. Hello?
The transmitter keeps cutting out still, Neil.
No, come on.
Yeah, just for a few seconds at a time during that last door you're reading there.
The transmitter cut out was that the first time that's happened again?
It's been doing it, you know, often on for a second or two here and there,
which is understandable for fixing it,
but it's been dropping out for longer durations as we go here.
This is the most things I've heard in my life.
Yeah, it is bizarre. I just want to let you know that.
Thanks. Thanks for the bad news.
Okay, so the audience is informing us.
Of course, our other people in the building, all morning long,
a mask of mother all running around like crazy
and we're trying to figure this for reliver going to get on here,
which he did not.
And a mask of duff and clearance, mostly duff,
because he's what else he's going to do.
You know, are they telling you or they giving you any information
as to, well, FPNL is out there,
but what does that mean?
Does that mean that we lost the power out there?
Did lightning knock the power out?
Did we fry some of the parts in the transmitter?
And nobody will give us a goddamn answer.
Well, now we know.
Oh, do I know what the answer?
It was a major power source thing.
What is that mean?
What is that mean?
We got a major power source got fried.
So they were getting no power to the transmitter.
A major power source, you mean like an FPL.
A power source.
Something like that, right?
Got fried and they had to replace it.
So the obvious question.
Now, obviously also, speaking since everything is so freaking obvious,
it must be raining again, cats and dogs.
Am I correct?
Yeah.
Look how it's your window there.
Oh, look at that.
Absolutely.
Raining, sir.
Uh-huh.
And so this could be a new reason for people to tune in all through the day.
Find out his QA am on the air.
Are they off the air?
Can they get their act together?
No.
Probably not.
Here's Cooper City.
Hello.
New.
Yes, sir.
Let me first tell you how jealous I am that you're in Toronto.
I'm stuck here.
I'm ready to cut my wrist just to see color.
Sorry about that.
Yeah, they have the, every, it's a beautiful here.
Now, man, it's 70 degrees today.
The trees are in bloom.
Everything is, oh.
I might even go to Rochester and check out the lilacs.
Well, I'll live, I, I'll carelessly through you.
Uh, let me comment a couple things on the graffiti.
And, uh, one, one, one question.
You know, the olio med, you know, the, they sell in Walgreens.
Yeah.
The fish oil.
The vitamin A.
Mm hmm.
Now, is, is that, is just as good or is it not compensated as the olio med?
Well, it's different stuff.
I mean, I take all of those things.
I take olio med and I also take vitamin A.
Official capsules I've taken every day for years.
OK, and they sell that in Walgreens and publics, right?
Sure.
OK.
Um, and then a reference to the graffiti.
Um, there is a gang in Miami called DME, destroying Miami's environment.
Mm hmm.
And if you drive anywhere in Miami, you'll see, uh, there's two professional, I guess, gangs called Chrome and MSG.
Mm hmm.
You'll see them everywhere.
Chrome's an individual.
OK, but you see him everywhere.
You Chrome?
And it's, uh, the, the, the, the, the, maybe we're talking about Mo again, Chrome dome.
And the last thing, though, I think you had to be held at the Chrome detention center myself.
Can I just read something that I really, really quick, because I'm going to get behind again and be your boys going to have a fit.
OK, reader real quick.
OK, no, how long is it?
It's two seconds.
OK.
Um, um, thumbs up.
Don't come in to sit and think others come into Schmidt and stink, but I come in to scratch my balls and read the writing on the walls.
Excellent.
Thanks, amigo.
Thank you.
What do you say?
I don't know.
I just want to scream.
I think I will.
My life and look all this is.
I'm like 64.
We're the, yeah.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
One, two, three.
I'm coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story.
He couldn't make it as a pop star until he became a soap opera star.
Then he made it as a pop star.
Then he quit the soap opera.
And he wasn't a pop star anymore.
You do the math.
He was where it springfield.
No one was there.
I had to see a star.
I was there.
I had to see a star.
Hey, you people trying to say I wasn't a legitimate rock star just because I was on general hospital.
Rick Springfield is still insurious to know about why he sucks.
Look, you better watch it or I'll...
Or you'll what, Rick?
Sit there and look cute at me.
What?
Bring it on, Nancy Boy.
Hey, hey, I want a Grammy.
Like that means you're any good.
A taste of honey want a Grammy.
Who?
Exactly.
These guys.
Oh.
These heckles beat Elvis Costello for best new artist.
So take your I Want a Grammy theory and shove it Springfield.
I, uh...
I don't know what to say.
Just admit that the only reason you had a hit was because a bunch of women wanted to get in your pants
when you played Dr. Noah Drake in general hospital.
I guess you're right.
What about you?
What do you mean?
Did you want to get in my pants too?
Ugh.
I'm not a ear.
It's a big juicy shopping med look at show business.
To the right and inside the behind.
104-560.
It's our big one to two hour.
Oh!
The first one we've had in a Koonsa.
Oh, oh, oh, oh!
Now McGill, uh, emailed me the cover, the proposed cover for the best of the LCD.
It went, but it doesn't show up.
Oh.
He thinks he emailed it to me.
I think he stuffed it into his vagina.
Because I can't open it.
It does nothing.
Huh.
I just mentioned that in passing, okay?
I'm not trying to stir the pot.
Especially after we've been at stir about, I'm still at a coffee shop.
That is, uh, it's the beginning of the end, I think, folks.
Beginning of the end.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I'm looking at this hour and you do realize, you guys, especially a boner boys, got the log there.
This is the adjimandage show.
Right.
This is the mad dog show.
Oh, right.
Yeah.
Try to tell him.
That's not.
These are our spots.
No, they're not.
We're happy to have them.
No, they're not.
Because they all say one to three.
That's why there are no knee or Roger spots.
There are no live spots.
There aren't the right spots.
And again, it's not because of the water not seen in this particular case.
It's not even because of screw-in.
It's because the Greg Reads got ants in his pants.
And instead of doing thing, the right way would like a little bit of planning and forethought.
And communicating and letting everybody know what else is going on.
Always just die right in their head first, you know?
Just like when they put us on here that first day.
And he hauled us with his family and went off to Chicago because he knew that technically it was going to be a disaster.
And he was right.
He was right.
But on the lighter side of things.
Yes.
Somehow some funny thing got on the website right under Ferrell's picture.
Okay, one moment, please.
If you want to see what Scott Ferrell looks like.
I'm having a hell of a time, but my everything is slow to that.
I don't know why.
Okay, there's Ferrell.
Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha!
Oh, like I said, the one and two hour begins.
What are we hit the jackpot?
Oh, oh, oh!
I have to clear that story up.
What's that?
About those pictures?
Yeah.
Because I missed spoke earlier.
When we were talking off the air about those pictures.
Yes.
I broke into Miguel's office with my lockpicks and stole them.
So Miguel is a pussy.
You were defending him.
You were trying to do the right thing.
Defend him.
Your fellow spick.
And, but if he didn't find out any pictures.
I'm going to find out that Bonerboy was right.
That Miguel didn't want to provide us with any of these pictures.
Well, he got awarded not to.
So he didn't.
I broke into the office and stole them.
He was under orders not to buy a home, Greg.
Buy orders by Greg.
And so he did a free obeyed and did not give us any pictures.
I broke into the office and stole them.
Well, why shouldn't we have fan pictures?
How we like the other personalities on the station?
Even the ones that we don't like.
We have a right.
We're entitled.
Now there's Scott Farrell, who was sitting in my studio in Oles right on the guest mic.
With that finger up in the ear, I think he was getting ready to stick it somewhere.
And I think the person he was about to stick it into is right.
Oh!
It says the bad news is how it in gold.
They've been moved to 5 to 8 am.
As you can see, the change is not sitting well.
Oh, you left the word out.
Yeah, with someone.
Okay.
Or on someone.
Or in someone.
Well, that's everybody in this audience.
It's got a computer needs to go to nearodgers.com right now and scroll down.
Check out the picture of Farrell.
And then they picked your underneath it.
So now, get back to this hour because we've already got loaded up because we got the mandate schedule.
I was starting to really wonder about these guys.
Mandage is on for two hours a day.
Okay.
Right.
And I love the mad dog.
Don't get me wrong.
I begrudge him nothing because I taught him well about more painless work.
But I look at the format that these guys run.
And this is probably lighter than usual.
You know?
But by the time you take me when you're doing a two hour show and a half of each hour's commercials,
Mandage schedule, you know, I was starting to really wonder about these guys.
Mandage is on for two hours a day.
Okay.
We're kind of graffiti.
Well, yeah.
I mean, it was funny to us because after talking to the guys, the breakfast one more.
And I mean, this guy covered like all of Miami and Miami Beach.
And we're thinking, you know, what kind of a job could this guy have to do?
They had all these phones, you know?
And they never did figure it out.
But we did have a big kick about it.
We called him on a speaker phone there.
And you know, had a good time with that.
But anyway, what about you?
One to two.
And you guys have a good day.
Okay.
And back at you.
Thanks, Paulie.
That 13-year-old kid.
You asked, hold.
That's our message to him.
Now, the problem we got, oh, they just came back.
What happened there?
Huh?
The check marks, the dots were out on my phone while I was talking to that caller.
And I was hoping that he wouldn't give a, and now they just came back.
Our internet is down.
Glitching a little bit.
So, could be everything.
Lots of glitching and not enough bitching.
That's the problem today.
We got many technical defublees.
And of course, the excuse will be, wow, you know, it's an act of the God, it's nature.
And it's a, we can't, uh, you know, even on a sunny day, when there's not a cloud in the sky,
and even the pigeons aren't dropping anything.
Even on those days, we can't get our act together, okay?
So don't give me a big sun, Vince, but it's raining hard.
And we just can't keep things going here.
Isn't this the same engineering department that put that thing about, uh,
that big memo under a door that day?
Right.
Not too many months ago, bragging about their 24 or 7 radio stations.
Yeah.
Well, today try 22, 7.
Try 21, uh, 50 or whatever it was, uh, 21, uh, yeah, 50.
40.
30.
Pretty weak.
Pretty lame.
So, now, I'm looking at this.
I tried to ask you this.
I'm looking at the way the way you wanted to hour was, the gym managed one to two hour.
Now, please tell me that there are no additions to this.
No, I worked it out so there wouldn't be.
So there wouldn't be?
So there won't be.
Okay.
So he's telling me that there won't be.
Now let's find out what really happened.
Five and a local, this is five cities.
Pray you though your family.
You and...
I miss Uncle Mutso.
I'm a Muslim baby.
So why don't you give me?
I miss Uncle Mutso.
I'm a Muslim baby.
So why don't you give me?
117 at 560 W.M.
Happy Thursday too.
We got the mad dog 2 to 4 as part of our new schedule.
Oh!
Hank Fordle was 630 and he got the Marlins on Drek.
630 to 705.
705, the expose in the Marlins at P.P. Park.
And that's going to be rained out, isn't it?
I don't know what's going on up there.
We're high looking in the other room just so you know.
What do you mean?
A Carlos was choking on a flamboyle and Miguel was high looking him.
Yeah, Miguel, make sure I coughed up the lung.
Yeah, maybe that's what it looks like.
Maybe that's what it looks like.
Look at that scene.
That'll teach him to start talking trash about the Miguel moment.
Oh man.
You can talk now.
Here's a fact that you thought you wouldn't like this.
The book is graffiti 10,000 years of wall writing by Robert Reisnor.
I tried to call you but had to hang up because there's too many breaks.
I appreciate that, okay?
Believe me, anybody hung up today?
You get special dispensation because this is a wash out, literally and figuratively.
Just pretend we weren't here today.
In fact, it would have been a bonus for all of us concerned if the transmitter was set off at least till two.
That's my perspective.
We were hoping.
5, 6, 7, 05, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line.
Here's a call from the Redlands.
Hello.
Good morning.
Yes, sir. Good evening.
Good afternoon.
I don't even know what it is.
I've been on over the holidays.
First of all, a couple things.
I think you should be the talent scout for that radio station.
Yeah.
First you got George who's extremely talented and not Carlos who's also talented.
He did a great job on Monday.
Yeah.
I don't know if he might hold you there.
He did a great job of what?
Oh, yo, you mean putting the show together?
Yeah, the way he did the tapes and the talks and the music and the bits and just did a really hell of a neat job.
Yeah, he's very talented, but Miguel says he's a hard ass.
Yeah, well, so it's George.
Yeah, that's true.
Okay, about the graffiti thing.
Quite a few years ago, I was fortunate enough to go to Egypt and part of the trip that we took was a visit to the inside to great pyramid.
There's thousands and thousands and thousands of years old graffiti.
Right.
And the most bizarre places in this, inside the great pyramid.
I mean, it's the very top of the King's chamber.
It's like it's almost impossible to get through.
You have to climb all this crap.
And there's stuff sprawled in the walls.
It's like written in 1562 or something like that.
Right.
It's totally amazing.
And that's all I got.
Okay, thanks.
Kind of like something out of small wheel, huh?
Kind of like the handwriting on the wall.
The cave in the bad cave or whatever the hell that thing is.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Horizon Wireless Land.
This is something that obviously a lot of you people need to expand your horizons and develop.
In fact, it wouldn't surprise me if people start writing some heavy duty graffiti in the tea rooms of QA.
I'm starting it right away.
Yeah, lots of sharpies in this building.
I got to go back to that page again and look at the Ferrell picture in the one underneath it.
Not that I need to see Ferrell again, but it's just kind of like a landmark.
The bad news is Howard and Goldie have been moved to 5.8 a.m.
And as you can see, the change is not sitting well with someone or or on someone.
That's even worse than it was before.
Yeah, I try.
All right.
Wow.
That.
That picture is worth a billion dollars.
I'm going to tell you that right now.
Now, who was it that provided that picture to be, no, boy?
Me.
George.
George is in trouble again.
Yes.
And he don't mind.
Okay, because it was well worth it.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's a call from Miami.
Hello.
Hey, Neocon, congratulations on your 10 to 2.
Yes, sir.
Thank you.
You seem to be a little bit too happy about it, seeing that most on the radio station.
But even though you do ask off Rob, sitting in between you two.
Yeah.
Yeah, Ferrell is pretty good.
But what if I call anything?
I forgot.
Okay.
5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
Here's for Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hey, is this the mad dog?
Yeah, it is the mad dog.
Keep congratulations.
I'm glad you're back.
Thank you.
What did you do with my best hour now?
Good.
All right, buddy. Have a good day.
Thanks, Pally.
Okay, there's a happy camper.
We got some of the excited.
I mean, the mad dog people shouldn't be bent out of shape.
I mean, he's still got his two hours.
And quite frankly, I think he's got a better two hours.
Two to four makes sense.
One to three is, one to three is like nine to one.
Neither one made any sense.
They're odd numbers.
Odd numbers.
It kind of like five to eight.
Right.
Five to eight.
Also is a very odd number.
Cock-Cock.
If you take a look at that picture I was just talking about, there's another odd number.
You don't get much odd or not.
That's an odd ball.
I like to see people like making copies of that picture, like pasting it on T-room walls all over town.
I mean, people are going to see that before they die, you know.
It's already up in the building.
Now, line four is flashing here.
I see, but I don't see anything next to it.
Miami.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Tell me something.
Maybe we see there was another insect.
If you're spirit is not, it was trying to tell you.
Yeah.
Port St. Lucy.
Hello.
Daniel.
Yes, sir.
I'm an otherwise normal human being.
The guilty of doing the graffiti thing every once in a while.
All right.
A couple of places that I specialize in.
In an elevator where you open up the little trap door and the emergency phones in there.
I usually write in there if you can read this, your F got H2.
Okay.
And on the like portal, portal, portal, portal S, the outdoor bathroom.
I see a lot of them on construction sites and they usually have some really like stupid races, like, you know, things in there.
And when they spell words wrong, correct, they're spelling and telling me to get a bleeping education.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
See, I can't imagine anybody sitting on the throne and seeing something that they feel is wrong or is pisses them off and want to respond to it.
I'm guilty.
Even though that, even though the first party may never sit there and take a dump again, but nevertheless, at least you're getting it out.
Can't wait to hear you on FM.
What's my beats?
Okay. Thanks, belly.
Hold your breath.
See what is this box that I'm suing you.
The picture of Moe is the scariest side I've ever seen.
Can you play Supermo?
Supermo?
Maybe zombie moe?
Huh?
Maybe zombie moe?
Supermoe.
That's the doi doi doi doi doi doi that goes at lightning speed.
I pee every time I hear this one.
Oh, vibrating.
I didn't know that was called Supermoe.
It's not.
Do-do-do-doi.
And I probably, as a good reason, I didn't know it was called that because it's not.
So there you go.
You got the four-footed price and none, okay?
Do-do-do-doi.
And there's even the next little bonus one for you.
Well, this format today, this is for the bird.
Just everybody go along with us, please.
You always have in the past that we beg your indulgence.
Just pretend the show was never on because quite frankly, like Pharrell's show, it basically wasn't.
We're sports radio five-six-two-a-m.
Oh, right!
Oh, right!
All right, all right.
Oh, how?
I'm Mimi Phanna-start.
It was the summer of 1962.
I was working as a White House intern for the Kennedy administration.
The days of Camelot.
My duties included filing, answering phones, delivering documents, and pulling the president's lap cafe.
It was a very exciting time in my life.
I was 19 years old and never knew what would happen from day to day.
One day, for instance, I might be asked to escort Highly Celassy into the Oval Office.
The next day, maybe, I'd be asked to zip up Jay Edgar Hoover's floral pattern dress.
And of course, pull on the presidential lap cafe.
And I also remember being asked to make President Kennedy comfortable when he finished his daily swim.
It was my job to bring him his towel, his flip flops, and then yank down his speedo and pull the lap cafe.
But the mood in the White House changed later that year with the Cuban Missile Crisis.
During that time, President Kennedy didn't think about sex till after nine in the morning.
My right forearm began to look like Popeyes.
And I had to have my blouse sleeves let out to make room for my cafe puller.
I remember one memory very vividly.
The President and I were alone in the residence watching Beverly Hillbillies.
He was naked from the waist down and was calling the Ellie May as I pulled the lap taxi.
For two weeks following that experience, President Kennedy asked that I wear a rope as a belt.
It feels so good to finally have the secret out and to let my grandchildren know I was a White House Gucci.
At least now they know my grandma's right forearm is so damn freaking massive.
It's 131 at 560 WQM. I'll tell you the missing piece on the Amo picture is great, but the missing teeth.
Yeah, that to me has the greater impact.
You can almost hear them sitting in that glass of pollen and fizzing in the back.
So funny to see Goldie standing in the room while this guy sits there.
It's almost like watching Tom Liker sitting his 55 degree vault of depth to him in LA.
Anyway, it's a 28-till-two. We got the mad dog going up between two and four.
And Ferrell will be on tomorrow 8-10 weather permitting and transmitter working, but it's dubious.
This place is really unlikely.
Here's Hollywood. Hello.
Come on.
Miami, hello.
Neil. Yes, sir.
They should hire guards and put guards in the transmitter just in case.
I think that's not a bad idea.
Neil, I got a poll for tomorrow if you want to use it.
Yeah.
What will happen first?
They will fire Mo David or Mo David will quit.
Okay, great.
567-0560 is Kinney time.
567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Verizon line.
We got many, many open lines.
It's our big one to two hour.
But the audience, so in fact, when you think that a whole bunch of people who had seen this on the internet
would be calling immediately just a thing.
Huh? Right?
Just for some kind of editorial comment.
I mean, when I open a FedEx envelope from Boka Brian yesterday, I just about peed my pants right there in a lobby.
I'm serious.
I just was boarding and shortling.
And there was somebody on the elevator who was coming upstairs.
And I was like trying to restrain myself from just laughing out loud.
It's hysterical, baby.
We're still trying to promote you, baby.
Mo man, in spite of all your denials in your hysteria and your psychotic attitudes.
We're still trying to promote the hell out of you.
Is what we're doing.
Just take a look at that push.
I die, I die.
Right.
One thing that might improve the picture though.
Hey, go up those checkered pants.
Here's a call from Davy.
Hello.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
What's going on today?
Glad to see you on hold, too.
Okay.
I heard a little bit of a rumor floating around about Mr. Davy.
Yeah.
I heard that he's got cross crickets.
Oh, five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T.
And Verizon wireless line.
Here's Fort Lauderdale.
Hello.
Hello, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, one to two hour is awesome.
I missed it so much.
I have all day and I listen and at one o'clock I've been dying.
I flip around, you know what's out there.
Not...
In goes the CD.
But loving you from one to two.
Loving you from one to two.
Thanks, man.
Thanks, Pally.
Bye-bye.
Thanks a lot.
Bring it.
Bring it, baby.
Five six five six seven.
Why do you get so dark cocked doing that?
You know, see the thing that I just still can't get over.
Yeah.
And the audience won't believe this.
I'm sure that most people believe if they've heard for real at all, that he affects part of that.
He doesn't affect any of it.
That's his voice.
I still can't get over that because when he came in this morning for example,
or then even when we did the thing on the Internet together, we did like a 20 minute show on the...
Yeah.
...because we were...
Yes.
He's a real spaz on or off the air.
Yeah.
Jittery, nervous, tics.
Climb the walls.
Yeah.
Maybe he needs a little tricky poo to calm down.
Yeah, little.
Is what he said.
Is that...
I mean, yeah, it's one thing to bring in a bottle of dye coke to work every day,
but to bring in that big bottle of Jim Bean...
...jaka.
Daniels.
Here's, uh, what is this?
Miami, hello.
Hey, baby, what's going on?
Yeah!
Bring more!
I'm gonna get...
Hmm.
Waterdale by the sea, hello.
Neil God.
Yes, sir.
Please tell me that that 5-8 for a gildy and mohower is 5-8 minutes.
Yeah.
Why are you up that early?
Are you up that early?
5-8 minutes.
That's all I want to hear of them.
Okay, thanks.
5, so sure glad I had this one or two hour back, you know what?
No.
Not...
I think 10 to 1 sounds good.
Okay.
Sounds good to me.
Nobody else is doing 4 hours anymore.
Nope.
That's past say.
4 hours of this crap is too much.
And of course the self-order audience, I mean,
he just 3 hours trying to test their material.
That's pushing it.
I think we're gonna have to go back to those movie shows, you know?
In fact, let's pretend we didn't do the ones who was before vacation
they forgot by now anyway.
We'll just do those over again.
Hey, and I got a great idea.
We have a gun.
One hit wonders.
I wish I was your dad.
One hit wonders as well.
Be a friend.
Be very a friend.
Right.
We're gonna start rehashing all of that crap again.
Well, that's all they can respond to.
I mean, when you scrape away the vacation time,
and then a couple of days I'd ballie who this new line up
and the for real thing and all the most of, you know,
really when you scrape all the extraneous stuff away,
nothing has changed.
They still don't have the capacity to discuss.
I mean, I don't care what anybody says.
I mean, they could have talked about what they were doing.
They could have talked about what they wanted like any other day
but they don't understand it.
But the graffiti thing, I think, is pretty interesting.
It's not just some isolated thing that you found in one
tea room on a rest stop somewhere.
It's part of the human condition.
It's something that people do.
It's something that people read.
Something that people write with sharpies and lipstick
and ballpoint pens and paintbrushes and whatever.
Not in Miami, though.
Here's Miami.
Hello.
Hey, where do you consider a good call?
What do I consider? What?
A good call.
Anyone but this one.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Yeah, I just think that it's terrible that Matt Dog is in it.
He's an on during my lunch break.
Oh, gee. You have to change your life, man.
Get your lunch break to the three.
Asshole.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T
and for Rise of Wireless Line.
Stick it.
Oh, right.
See, even he agrees.
Here's Miami. Hello.
Miami.
Yes. Well, hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, this is Mike from Boynton Beach.
Are you the same, Miami?
I did.
Actually, I call the...
It says Miami on here.
Did you tell...
Did you tell Bina Boy it was Boynton Beach?
You know, I told her it was from.
Well, Bina Boy screwed up.
She's a liar.
Sorry.
My question is, I'm just interested in the product
champion light.
I've heard you mention that before.
What do you mean you're interested in it?
Quite often.
Why can't find it anywhere in the office?
Because they're out of business.
They are out of business.
Well, that's what I'm trying to find out.
I've had to a few stores and they said they have it.
They're going to get it.
They are out of business.
As far as I know, I think they're...
They're a...
Well, that's too bad.
It was a good product.
It was a good product.
And I used to get a lot of free stuff, too, so I'm pissed off.
Okay.
21-2.
Now, what are these factors coming across?
Important stuff?
No.
Have we had one call from anybody who checked out the website?
Oh, no, see, when I see these chronic writing again.
Yeah, there's Christ.
Not sure if you heard Mo this morning, but it kept going on saying
the five to eight time wasn't too bad.
Said he gets lots of calls and thinks it's a good move.
He just doesn't get it and can't admit that something sucks.
And just before the lightning strike, he had a caller said,
I can't read this.
Said he had the...
I can't read it.
Chronic factory was just out of control, scrolling.
56670560, don't fax me anything else.
Okay, please.
Please, just just leave me in my misery.
What's your take on graffiti?
That's our poll question that they had.
Damn interesting poll question.
It's an interesting topic, but nobody in this crowd gives a crap,
except maybe two or three people that called.
There's only perverts like me have seen graffiti in my time,
and certainly nobody has seen glory holes.
Even though we have 60 people who say they write graffiti and drill glory holes.
All right.
What's your take on graffiti?
141 only six people write it.
I love to read it 112.
This topic is disgusting.
Where can I see some 84?
I write graffiti and drill glory holes 60.
Sure, I've never seen any 13.
And I love to write it only eight.
You believe that 13 people in the world have never seen any graffiti over the age of like five?
No.
We don't believe you.
I am Lord.
This is sports radio pricing.
You are.
I am Fraa, Ilya, and I'm Rosladyn.
And I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from tools.
And listening to the near rocker, I'm gonna eat the outer.
The guy is.
The story that had ignorant fat ladies clutching their bosoms.
Coming this fall on Fox.
The first of countless TV movies called Sadie Private Night.
We have you surrounded police, the prisoner.
Hello?
Hello?
I'll clear the boy camera crew.
Okay, everybody.
Let's get a shoulder level shot of the truth.
Storling in.
She still have the gag on her face.
You okay, Jessica?
All right, we'll be there in a minute.
You'll be shocked and saddened that how stupid you are.
Getting Duke once again by another spin event.
Cleverly choreographed by the real brains behind the presidency.
Carling Rove.
Who's that guy?
Doesn't matter, he didn't focus.
Let's get some lighting in that room, please.
First white gaffer.
And I want the best boy.
And ring of animal.
Sadie Private Linch.
You will watch this.
Born on Fox.
All right.
146 at 560 WQM.
I think we salvaged a little something here today.
Okay, sure.
In fact, I can smell it.
Put it on a bun and call whatever you want.
Call it a man witch.
Here's West Palm Beach.
Hello?
Yeah, this is the massive report on you to the massive banner.
I feel shy on most weight.
Here's Pemberpines.
Hello?
Neil.
I don't think you can say Schmat.
Can you know?
Hello?
Yes.
You say Pemberpines?
I said Pemberpines.
I mean, I mean, what manners?
Well, he can't get it right today.
What can I say?
Well, I wanted to touch upon with that other caller said before about a crash cricket.
I think it's George that's got.
Okay, great.
Here's a call from Bokeh.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going?
I'm still having any of those old bits with the James Brown Fire alarm.
Remember those?
I'm talking like 15 years ago.
There's one of the Fire alarm and there's one called the house like the home security system or something like that.
You have someone.
Yeah, I've got them around somewhere.
Is it possible a shameless request sometime during a week?
Oh, yeah, I'll play well one tomorrow.
Oh, actually, and actually, oh, by the way, I just want to get one more thing in there.
I'm not in there by a question.
It's like, who are you dating?
Yeah, here's the call from Margate.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Neil.
Yes.
Hey.
Yes.
I can knock it up a young.
Okay, back at you.
These must be the man that's people.
Here's Miami.
Hello?
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, I love your show.
George is great.
Being a voice pretty good.
Did you get the city right for Miami?
Yeah.
Okay.
You get bent out of shape when people don't call, but most of us are sales reps.
I don't know if field and we can't really use ourself a minute.
Well, see, I hate to break the news to my close personal friend, but this is a talk show, see, and I did cut off the calls for seven months, and I had a good time, but the audience hated it like poison.
So we're going to have a call and show somebody's got a call.
See, I know that that's bizarre, but that's the way it works.
You guys can't work out a deal with Nexthel or anything like that?
No, we can.
Because I mean, I would call it time.
We're in, we're inept.
We know how to do that.
All right.
I love your show.
Okay. Thanks, Pally.
Bye.
Can we work out a deal with Nexthel?
No.
Okay.
Just ask him.
He wants us to work out a deal.
No.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T, and Verizon wireless line.
Man, is it still raining?
Are the products still jumping?
Yeah.
Are the products still raining?
No.
Well, hello, Louie.
It's almost enough to make me want to come back.
Oh, no!
Here's Miami again.
Hello.
Who?
Who's on first?
Yes, sir.
Where are you calling from?
Miami.
That's what I just said.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Don't be apologetic.
Okay. It's one of those things.
Your graffiti subject.
Yeah.
Is anybody come up with Churroi?
Is that graffiti?
Sure, it was graffiti.
And let me ask the one thing, while you're at it.
Who the hell was Churroi?
That's, oh, no.
I don't know.
No, they could have found out for us.
I don't even know who started, but it's on everything.
Well, we're going to have to have...
Excellent point.
We're going to check into that.
Okay.
I mean, don't push it too far because it's a terminal.
But let's check that out.
Who the hell was Churroi?
Should we do a quick search?
Okay.
We've all seen that, right?
Sure, I saw it.
Churroi was here.
Let's see.
Churroi was here.
Let's see.
CD.
Oh, look at that.
Churroi was here.
A BBC has got a thing.
The remaining places during the war years, the country was peppered with installation, forts,
ammunition factories.
Most are gone.
Now, what does that mean?
Oh, you're serious.
Yeah, it was a military thing.
Ah, I see.
And the BBC has got one too.
It says during WW2, the phrase, phrase, Churroi was here, began to appear wherever US troops
were.
It was often accompanied with the image of a face with long nose and two big round eyes with small dot eyeballs picking over a wall or a line representing a wall.
Everything else except sometimes his fingers gripping the top of the wall was hidden behind a wall itself.
Churroi is a familiar image whose origin is something of a mystery.
In 1946, the American Transit Association had a radio program called Speak to America.
This program sponsored an nationwide contest nine attempts to solve the mystery behind the origins of the mystical Churroi.
Speak to America found James J. Killroy of Massachusetts as a result of the search.
That James J. Killroy was the originator of the Churroi was here.
Currently is the most commonly believed explanation of the phenomenon.
How do you like that?
Oh, wow.
So in other words.
Oh, he's a little gyre.
Kind of funny looking.
Right.
Like Bonerboy.
So I mean, other Robert Stack is near to solve those unsolved mysteries we can do it here for you.
Line in local line.
We're sports radio five 60s.
You a ff U.A.M.
He prefers a company of men who don't have to.
For that, George and Speedo's, if you want to get noticed on the beach, show up with a Sandy Johnson.
Sandy Johnson swimwear from Mad as the latest looks to get you noticed.
That's because every Sandy Johnson swimsuit comes with real beach sand sewn right into crotch.
So when you walk the leg is down the beach, everyone will know.
You've got a Sandy Johnson and for cows, there's Sandy Gapslumwear.
Where it is, tiny thong, and you'll know why it's a Sandy Gapslum suit.
Sandy Johnson and Sandy Gaps available only at the Gap.
156 and 560 WQM as we bring to a close hour, one to two hours.
Oh!
It's been a pretty weak.
But then why shouldn't it be any different?
I know you've had some appearances.
If you want to see where George is going to be tomorrow on Saturday, look right under most picture.
Oh, look at that.
On our website, upcoming events Friday, May 30th.
Right after the show, George will be at the four-later day on Harley on Federal Highway just out of Oakland Park Boulevard.
When prizes enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs, how come that doesn't have like a time?
Three to five because it had to be moved because of the schedule change.
I see.
What schedule changes that?
Saturday, May 31st, George, and Boehner Boy, Carlos will be at Bill Sivals Boulevard of Savings located on Northway 36th Street just west of 27th Avenue in Miami.
Enjoy free food from Atlantic City subs and some free prizes, crappy QM prizes.
So now what is the deal?
Is Boehner Boy also getting paid for this?
Are you just attacking the law?
I'm paying for that.
Well, I may have pissed me Gullough earlier, so no, I don't know.
Why?
Because you told the world that he had a vagina.
I think most people were aware of that.
True.
I mean, I think we balanced it out in our promotion department.
We got two people, one male, one female, one with a penis and one with a vagina.
Right?
We got Doreen, and we got Miguel.
One of them has a penis and one of them has a vagina.
And I think it's safe to say, never the tween.
She'll meet.
Yes.
Here's North Miami Beach.
Hello.
Yeah, this National Clicker ticket campaign is something more than Ashcroft, Nazi, SSS, Guard, Crackdown,
to pull over anybody they want to, a questionnaire, everybody that they want to.
Absolutely, correct.
I also have to say, you're the man, you're the man, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the one, you're the man, you're the man, you're the man, you're the man, you're the man.
Oh.
Here's Coral Springs, hello.
Neil, my God.
Yes, speaking.
Welcome back to one to two, baby.
Welcome back to a living and breathing hour.
Oh, it's great.
It's great.
I only just one hour to get my lunch and it's a treat to have you.
Well, this counterbalance is the guy that's been out of shape because Mad Dog's not under his lunch hour.
Screw him.
You know, I thank everybody.
I'm getting used to the new routine.
But welcome back, baby.
Thanks, sweetheart.
Bye-bye.
Have a great day.
Don't forget, Ferrell on the radio mixes debut weather permitting transmitter operating eight to ten in our morning right after the mall Howard David and Gellie show.
Okay, she missed it this morning.
We had some real interesting crap going on.
Transmitter cracked out at 7.52 in the A.M., very mysteriously.
I mean, granted we got some nasty weather around, some lightning, some thunder, some fruit flies, whatever's going on.
But 7.52 just moments before the debut of Ferrell on the radio, the official one.
But I'm being there we go right off the air.
And we didn't get back until 10.40.
Right?
All right, you know something?
I think that worked out pretty good.
In spite of the fact we had to run like 45 minutes of spots every hour, but other than that, I worked out good for me.
So what is that?
Three hours and 20 minutes?
Sounds good.
Yeah.
Three hour and 20 minutes of choice.
What will give you every day, Greg?
Puts.
Here's a call from Pompano.
Hello.
Pompano.
Pompano.
Yes, sir.
Neil, how are you?
Great.
Thank you.
Hey, I was looking at your billboard, Neil God, right?
Neil God.
You know, I was thinking that you're going to bring it across over audience to people that are thinking that you're walking about the real God.
Hey, wait a minute.
Neil God, you're going to be the God.
Oh, man.
Neil God.
This one of two hours the best, baby.
I think no mistake about that.
I'm not really sure why, but there's just something about it.
You know, the people are different.
Maybe because they got a little lunch in them.
Maybe, you think?
Sure.
Why not?
Or they got a little something in them.
That might be it.
Maybe that's why they're in a different frame of mind.
Anyway, that concludes this.
Whatever the hell this has been today.
Tomorrow we'll do it right.
Okay, we'll keep the transmitter on.
We'll get Pharrell on.
And now we got the Mad Dog and his great new time slot 2 to 4.
And a Huppercourt till Marlon's time this afternoon.
Bye, bye, bye.
Can you watch your show on FisingTillNQAM, Miami for Mariel?
Not that you have to suck.
