We get tonight my bash it Royce come get whacked with for all six o'clock tonight. Neal I'm having a party if you want to drink heavily with me
I'm sure you'll be there. Are you sure you're doing so great and you're giving tickets to me? I did want to take your advice though on father Geegan
No, you see I know you don't want to see it because you do a sport you're it's gigan you're a sport ever
Geegan now I can attract into some of the gigan gig. Gagging. Gagging. Dr. Gagan is enthralling
I'm listening
You know, you know, I finally figured out why he was so bent out of shape about my show yesterday about the pull
I'm gonna give you two words that'll answer it for you Rick Weaver
Rick Weaver yeah, he is so paranoid about the fact I said and and Weaver did very well in a pull by the way
Oh, he's so paranoid about the fact that he couldn't lick Rick Weaver's ass. He couldn't carry his jock strap, you know
Weaver
You know who Rick Weaver see I'm not Mr.
My am the over here like you see that's why you were both were upset because neither you're both a couple of punks
I don't know any of the people around the podium that may be true Johnny come lately. I think I heard of a guy from my camera
Right Greg was just in here patting me on the head said it's nice to see you guys are doing great. Yeah Greg read
He's in there right now and he's in my house. I'm gonna get rid of Moe. He said how are we gonna get rid of that man?
I don't know they were working on it. Yeah, I think his lawyers got Greg on the take. I'm listening
So he had so he had a little bit of a late start I guess this morning he put that thing on like ass back
Where does I thought it was Rick James when I first came into the building?
He's gonna be this voice is Daniel Boone was doing a morning show this morning
I said what do you mean is a Daniel Boone his hair was like he had a crunskin cap on
And he also stole the football blowout preview from the Sun sentinel today and to mom and a chop off his package
I'm listening. We's not gonna be here tomorrow
He's not gonna be here. I know why he's going so you can sit on the free ride
I've missed my last opportunity to bond with Moe
He's ain't gonna be here the rest of the way. Are you upset? I'm for Lauren. I hope he goes to New Orleans and has
Jumbo Laya ass, which is a combination of soup burn and
Crodd ads in his rectum food that will be good to go with his crotch ride
I know because he's gonna go over there and eat some some spicy food
And I hope when he's doing the Dolphin game with man is they both have just ass fire. I'm listening
I have a good day, Neil you two Scott see I quit giving away tickets you asshole
this is me
This is for you Moe you pressed your lion part who lives this to the show every single day
Yeah, man if you're feeling for place I said young man
If you want to
Brad this your big young man
There's a place you can chill I said young man if you're a $3 bill you can't right there
Jesus Christ and then you make convert they won't treat you like a
Burnt
I
Sponsored pray at the abyss go
Fultures it's fun to pray at the abyss go
Fultures yeah
Then you fish of snowshake and there is no doubt
He's one hundred percent
Out it's fun to pray that the best of all
Sure it's fun to pray at the abyss go
Fultures yeah
They do not persecute you can worship in peace you can marry a girl named Steve
A big stop culture is fun to stay at the abyss
full church yeah
You man you man we will let you run in
Young man you man we see show to not
10 or 6 and 5 60 WQM happy Wednesday to you there moving the monument Alabama baby and CNN would like you to believe this is a big story
Is it a big story? No, it's a bunch of crap
They're forcing it yeah, they're forcing it on us. That's what so late dad or Brian had so little bit to be on MSNBC
They keep it's like revolving cheers one week. They're unfoxed and they're on MSNBC
Then they're on CNN then they go back to fair and balanced Fox by the way. I got to get the Al Franken book
Yes, you did
Huh read excerpts of that instead of the swillery book? Oh, okay, that's not a bad idea
What's the name of the book?
It does say fair and balanced on a cover, but that's lies. What they must have been talking about mo
I'm listening about the lies lies in the lying liars who tell them or something like that
I see at any rate there are a movement of monument and they just moved it
It was two tons in the head of movement and go through a big star to dance. And this is a little bit like alien
Huh, yeah, I mean it won't last as long as alien, but it's on the same level as the once again the oh there is
They had the spout
The audio is concerned we'll keep our and here's all these gets fees all these board again lunatics sitting there
And they're praying and they have their eyes closed and they're blah blah blah blah and the Lord this crazy people
That's America for you. This is the reason that we're in the shape that we're in
Your president is one of these lunatics your president. He's a faker anyway. Well, he's faking it
But in any rate the movers moved the controversial tent commandments monument at the Alabama judicial building
and
Chief justice Roy Moore told reporters
That's what he said. Yeah, that's what he said
Workers inside the building move rope lines surrounding the monument shortly after 8 o'clock this morning and they put this thing on like on a dolly
Louis Armstrong was singing hello dolly in a background and they were ruled it. They're rolling it
They're rolling a big fat one and they got get used up there with their microphone
The commandment in the rotunda of the state
Supreme Court is
Pretty clearly to every judge that's looked at it an endorsement of
Christianity right and it's unconstitutional and that should be the end of it
But you got a bunch of religious fanatic getskeys like this and that's America for it's very very sad
Now I'm gonna do two polls today. How do you like that? Just to piss off mo
I'm listening because I know he's listening right now before his big trip to New Orleans and we sure hope that he has a safe trip
Be safe mo be safe
Uh this morning evidently because I heard just a little bit of it on here
But I didn't realize his performance inside the building was as psychotic as it evidently was partly read in the face hyper ventilating over the pool
We took yesterday and the amazing part of it mo
Is that we had more people vote on the pool even though I and I said we wouldn't get a lot of votes
I mean we had 1200 that they before on whatever it was
976 that's more people than listen to mo in it sure
And it wasn't upset because of the fact that the wow it's the first time I listened and four months and if that's entertaining talking about dead people
Used to be on the radio but now that's not what I've said him and all the fact was that I talked about Rick Weaver and mr. Weaver by the way
Who's as you couldn't lick with the longest tongue in a world mo with John Holmes tongue and penis
Uh, he came in a strong second
So what I'm gonna do just out of fairness
I'm gonna save the second mo bashing pool for a little bit later for a little bit not too much later, huh?
No, we're gonna take a preliminary mo bashing pool and maybe he'll turn out great
Because I know he's listening right now and his ego took a tremendous wall up wait till I tell the Todd Brecht story about mo
I'm letting it all hang out today, huh? Good. No, I am. I'm holding nothing back
Wait till I tell you this story about his psychotic behavior a man who is toast
He's like walking. Oh is it papyrus?
What's the onion skin? You know I'm talking about right to write on papyrus and ancient times papyrus or onion skin papyrus
Whatever that is thin skin man a man who's humorless a man who takes himself very seriously because he's got a drug and an ego
And he's an old funny dutty and everybody hates him like poison and he refuses to accept it. It's not me. It's everybody
I'm listening. Well good have a good time. Okay. I'll be a phlegially to yourself
Like you're listening. Hope you open up bloody wounds and sores like Pharrell said
Especially in your back. Oh
Anyway, so here's the preliminary poll which Eric isn't ready for this. He's gonna be he's well, man
I'll still let him be upset. Oh, Faxid that'll make him ready for it. I have a written it out. Oh, I'm just making it up right now
No, I'm creating it. I see no
Because I know it was the Rick Weaver references that really got him all been out of shape and then he covers it up
Well, that was the worst show and my show is better any day the only problem is nobody listens to your show
No, that's the problem even Greg was just in here
Smirking about that he knows
He knows we'd like to get just like they had the dolly to move that goddamn monument in Alabama and Montgomery
Just moments ago we'd like to put you on a dolly and move your ass out of here. No, but they don't know how to get rid of you
That's the deal that that's the honesty in this truth. I'm listening
Like nothing better to move you to Alabama with a banjo on your knee or on your
Hairpiece and by the way next time get up a little bit earlier and get that thing straight enough
Can you believe somebody that looks in the mirror and comes to work looking like that?
Well, it was messed up in the back to quote him. Yeah
And maybe he doesn't have one of those mirrors, you know, where like the barber does that kind of barber finishes your hair cutting
He holds up the mirror in the back to see if you prove it the way he did handbearer. Right exactly. He's a big hand one
It's it's I'll give you the first pull right now and then Eric can you write it down
You can maybe call him or not is the guy don't know. We'll get it on there. He's the season. He's in touch with it
The pull is the greatest dolphins play by play voice of all time was we did this once before long time ago
We did yes long ago, but we hadn't given more enough time yet. Now he can't bitch about that
uh rick weaver
Bill Zimfer or Moha or David and
Then we'll also put a choice on there. I don't listen to the dolphin games, huh?
I mean we can put the mad dog on there. Nobody doesn't do the play by play
He'd win hands down because he's certainly the most popular if anybody ever connected with the games
But he doesn't do the play by play where the most the best dolphin play by play voice ever
You got it got it was Rick weaver bills him for or Moha or David or I don't listen to the dolphin games
And then we'll get into the real me to the matter since he inspired me because uh
I'm listening he listened for the first time of the show yesterday for four hours
And was just psychotic about how bad that pull was and I had to pull about dead people about how dare you do that
I better print it out that I print it out
Yeah, I did print it out so not Eric can change it anytime he wants
12 minutes after 10. I apologize profusely don't I?
To Mo for not entertaining him yesterday with the our pull
Up your ass Mo. He need to sell your home fast fast cash home buyers buys houses fast hassle free
Fast cash home buyers buys houses in any condition location for any reason
You need to sell your house fast is your house need a new roof maybe flooring any other repairs
Don't throw money away and costly repairs do the smart thing call rod today at one eight six six seven eight five fast
For a no obligation to hassle free offer at fast cash home buyers to help you solve your house problems
Do you have a vacant house?
Maybe you're tired of dealing with a problem tenant?
Are you going through a nasty or obnoxious divorce call fast cash home buyers?
Maybe you're one two or three payments behind you inherited a property that you don't want you want to unload like Mo
Fast cash home buyers can help you call rod today at one eight six six seven eight five fast
And let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind fast cash home buyers will buy your house today
You won't have to pay any real estate commissions either call rod at one eight six six seven eight five fast
F A S T for a hassle free offer and let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems once and for all one eight six six
seven eight five
F A S T
Finished with the sewer of this place
Well, he's an action hero buddy wants to play a brand new roll now
You're terminating great Davis has become his number one goal now
And he's leading candidate according to the new falls
Arnold will run run run to the voters and give us a way
The voters and we'll marry you again with grand name for real
Being that she's not she'll be and like it's not going well. He's been accused of being a woman
I don't read now. I don't read what I'd like to
Excellent
To the voters
What a suck up
10 17 at five 60 WQ I am let's see here's the facts from the name of the book by the way was the lies and the lying liars who tell them
That's the name of the
Al Franken book which is number one amazon.com already how do you like that?
Thanks to Fox News and the assholes on there to give them all that free publicity and then had to drop that lawsuit with their tail with a raccoon tail between their legs
Okay, here we go the poll is up the early poll now. We're gonna leave this up there till what 11
What do you say what do you think what do you know won't need to leave it up that long
Oh, I look at little Jerry keeps writing Jerry. I don't read your facts
Okay, if I go back to typing them out you got a better chance of my at least reading one or two words little Jerry
I don't read any year pull any year of faxes or your pull if I don't think he's got a pull
Here's the poll result from yesterday the one that Moe was so upset about
973 votes we had damn near a thousand votes
Now I'm gonna tell you something uh, there's nobody here
There's nobody in this town
So I'm pretty pleased with that
I mean you can see the results you can track the
number of people who are here based on the hits on our website
I'm serious. It's like a barometer of who's here and who's not
Let's get a hits. Yeah, those pictures of the beast should be up there
And there'll be a big hit quick the pictures of the beast will be on our website
That's another reason to go to the website today near Rogers.com is to see the beast with his raccoon cap on being like Moe Jr
I think I'm a urban kind of a younger shorter squatter
Better looking Mo. Well
Huh? Well, although at least see this is part of the problem when you've got to get up at three o'clock in the morning to do a show
That's five to eight or three thirty one you've got to get up an extra 15 minutes early to put the piece in place and glue it in
You know paste it down realize that time for that
That early in the morning somebody that's as vain as he is
But he's not that vain because he didn't take the time he needed it
He didn't take the time he was in a big rush
He won't be doing that again because everybody in a building was talking about his Daniel Boon do this morning
And about how his piece was like flying off in all directions
It was like a muskrat. We're like a muskrat in it couldn't figure out which direction it wanted to go in you know
Or maybe he had like a family of coons on his head that could have been it but two headed possum
Maybe he's the one that put the coons on my roof a couple of days ago
Anyway, we got thirty votes on the first pool here the best off and played by play voice ever
Oh, I sure hope you to because this this will put him over the edge before his big trip to New Orleans
I don't want to do that. Do I? Oh?
Oh
Look at that. I never even realized we had this dropping malicious
Haha it would be a malicious thing to do wouldn't I'm listening oh, I'm sorry
30 votes the best off and played by what play voice ever was I don't listen to the dolphin broadcast 12
Rick Weaver 11 builds in for five Mohawar David two so far
Why are you trying to restrain your soul figure out who the second vote might have come from oh
Oh, uh, muff was the first one and Mo was the second one. Mo probably got his laptop
He pulled off to the side of the road to vote because we know I'm listening
He's listening even though he lies to his teeth and was the first time I listened to that show in four months
He did a pull about dead people here's the results of the pull by the way Mo because I know you're very concerned
I thought we had a good time with it yesterday sure. That's probably what bothered him
See what bugs you was that people aren't interested in sports. Okay. See that's why for relis so much fun
He mixes a little bit of sports in there, but generally speaking it's with his craziness
It's would just be in a nutcase and with big racks and big these and big packages and would get in stone and stuff like that
That people care about as opposed to like a little bit of sports
Horses that rational right a lot of horse and sluts that rational people care about as opposed to well that little league baseball world
Surrey's in that fluff tanner with a great arm. All of a sudden the bullcraft nobody cares. It's boring
It's ponderous. It's terminal and your pomp pomp is as even guilty hates him like poison
Anyway, who was your favorite soft food or radio or TV personality who was now dead and also one must have pissed him off as we didn't put him on there
Because he's very close to qualifying when you think uh-huh
Micronary 164 one hands down nice going Mikey and let me say it again
Micronary was a good guy. Yes, he was we enjoyed working with her in area and Bob green you helped to kill him
You helped to put him in a premature grave. That's what his business does to people
That's why keep telling all you young punks out there to want to get into radio. Don't do it
Don't do it. You regret it. It's not stick. It's not a joke. I'm begging you
I'm begging you especially if you look good get a real job, huh? Get a real job. No, no
I mean some of us but very few you know they probably say well look at you
I mean you sit there on your ass four hours a day and you're making a fortune
How many people have been it not gone? I'm not gonna with both hands on wood okay, right in addition to which
I've gone through the ringer man to get to where I am now and you can tell by looking at me
Oh, that was that is I used to look pretty good till I got in this business. Oh man
Ringer marks exactly
And stretch marks
Rick Weaver 107 very strong second for mr. Weaver who's on top now with 30 votes
See the people who are the real dolphin, but like for real this morning. I'm amazed that he said that can you believe that?
He didn't know who Rick Weaver was
What he's not from he you don't have to be am I from Pittsburgh do I know who Bob Prince was?
I don't know am I from New York? Do I know who male Allen was? I don't know who those people are
Am I from a Detroit all the way to the liver do I know who earning a hardwell is huh?
Am I from St. Louis or Chicago do I know Harry care even you know Harry?
Oh, yeah, he almost does drooled on us. There you go
So I'm really a little bit of course it's a sports thing and hurrah isn't a sports from plus probably mr. Weaver had a small v
Oh, let's see Rick Weaver 107 sunny hers 96 another good guy
When you said Rick Weaver see I didn't know Rick well enough in addition to which my
My feelings about Rick Weaver were somewhat tainted by Bill Calder because Bill was my best friend at that time and
Bill, I don't know why didn't hang out with him personally just thought that Rick was a real dick
Maybe he was to think he had a huge ego, but I guess that goes with I will say one thing yeah for Zimper of the three people
You know as much as I knew them or know them or whatever Zimper was the one guy that didn't have the big the big ego
Right, it's just a natural over here. We got with me slap happy guy. Didn't a nice workman like job
He and mad dog got along well. He didn't step on each other. He didn't infringe on mad dog's ability to do the thing
To do his thing, you know
Anyway, sunny hers 96 Glen the bird of hill had 88. How do you like that good for him?
Where the hell is it? Oh
And Bishop 85 big Wilson 68 Ralph Redneck had 49
See these Johnny come lately is that have been in the market for like five minutes if you said Ralph Renner could who's that who's that
David Bloom 41 what a what a tragedy good guy
Bill call to 36 great guy jack hole 35 Dave Dixon 30 Kevin Kitchens 18 roby young 17
Alan Burke 16 Larry can 15 Wayne Chandler 13 a wonderful guy. I want to do it just wait a wait
Lee Fowler and Mark Ludnermich had 11 Jerry Wichner and crazy Kramer each had 10
I don't think you've seen the two of them together Glenn rinker eight Jerry William seven Charlie backster six
I see I don't know who that was
You it was for kids mostly creature features remember creature features on channel six in the afternoon
No, he had a unibrow. No, he was the goal with the unibrow
Right Jim Dunlap five Ron Harrison for Claire Mosher for Richard Witt comes still spelled wrong
But less embarrassing and Alan Courtney and Del Frank each had three Del Frank may have been the greatest newsman
Whoever I was in this market. He was
Professional bill Ross Alan Corbett Leijalett Dick Fennel each had a pair Jim Harper and Prescott Robinson one no votes for Gabriel heater
Because I still am not sure he was here more than five minutes and Ron hundred didn't have any maybe that's why he blew his brains out
Because nobody liked him
Oh, I shouldn't have said that because then Greg Budell might think about it, you know
They don't like you Greg. They hate you like poison everybody hates Greg Budell don't think
and of course
Huh see people that take it all serious. It's just a radio show. That's all
Don't take me all up tight
Don't take this uh like the end of the world
It's just a radio show that's all but some people take it serious. I'm listening. Okay. Well, how are you doing so far?
I'll look at that 83 quick votes on there
The best off and played by play voice ever ever
Rick weaver 35
I don't listen to it often broadcast
26 reaver 37 now just change build zimper 24 mohauer davidad 4
I'm listening am I making that up look on your screen in air? Well, what if I went to reload right now?
It'll show be over but you can anybody who can come in here look
I'm not making a sub they can go online themselves and see it on the erudgers.com
4
Let's see him his wife is office
Errogant condescending
You know the whole deal they just see this is what happens and this is this is the best part of his work
Would be on a question even he'd agree with that
That's his best work and they still don't like him because they dislike you so intensely mo because you're such an old hard-ass
Even clearance said that the the beast is lightning up a little bit. He's not as much of a hard-ass as he used to be soft-ass
He's more like exactly like a soft-ass an old soft-ass
Now seriously, I think you know something if you keep rubbing with him as much humor as we're making about this
I think there may actually be something there. I think no. I think there's something
No, seriously. I think there's something there for the both of them because neither one of them is ever going to
It laid with a female or like another human being beside you know, maybe they don't care. So it's then against the world
It's them against each other. They'll always have each other is that friction then against each other
26 past 10 at 560 wq a amp you have kids going back to school
Well, you do want to give them one of the comforts of home a great new bed from dollar mattress
If you call one 800 mattress you can order a new mattress from dollar mattress for your college student and send them up right
In that off-campus apartment. They're going to be hanging out in and smoking a lot of dope in when you call one 800
Macrace this week ask about their low prices on certain perfect sleepers a great option for students
Consumers rated certain perfect sleepers a best buy and if dollar mattress
Even a better buy special student deals on twins and fools and great prices on all sizes and comfort levels of assertive betting
It doesn't matter where that college student is handed either whether
They're staying in South Florida headed to Philly Boston, Yashiva, New York, Washington
Michigan State where they're going the betting experts at dollar mattress can make them feel like they're right at home
Get that certabet now by dialing one 800 mattress
You get service like you dream about from the delivery tamer
Number one in the world and customer satisfaction and when you call one 800 mattress
Don't forget it's a deal that you never heard of before in your life
You pick the day and time your delivery any to our window that's convenient for you seven days a week from 8 in the a.m till 10 p.m
They'll be there on time and your kids will be sleeping well a very first night
With low prices same day delivery free setup and removal. It's easy to see
Like dollar mattresses ranked the best in customer satisfaction anywhere
And please remember that everybody gets a student discounted dollar mattress too. So call him right now
1-800-MATRES or check him on the web if you like it mattress.com
I said to you
Oh Jay moose he conquered television he conquered movies well sort of and now he's conquering the world of heavy metal
It's bullwinkle sings as he
Yes, America's favorite moves pays tribute to America's favorite reality TV dad as he osmorn in
Bullwinkle sings Aussie featuring such antler banging classics as warmosens
Oh
Just like which is that like
Hmm both the best of all riding dictionary
A classic cartoon character meets a classic rocker who's become a living cartoon
You get bullwinkle sings Aussie with songs it be cool to hear
Like
And time to stage
If I come but I ain't the same
Bucky I'm coming home and you'll want to come home with this CD
It's bullwinkle sings Aussie
I'm going up the bale on a crazy train
Hmm
Get that on nobody who's paid best of all you don't need a permit to hunt down this collection
Make a moose call to your local record store and pick up a copy today
It's 1133 1233 it's 133 already. Let's go home
Boy time flies when you have it a good time place 7 before 11 at 5 60 WQA
So let's see we got American kids dying every day and more now have died since May first since the war was supposedly over then during the conflict
Almost 300 dead
We got India is all that out of shape because a bunch of Indians died again another terrorist deal in India and Pakistan already
So there's throats again both of which have nukes
North Korea sends a message to South Korea
We're gonna send him a message
And in the meantime and of course we got a any literate
Grade Z movie actor running for governor of the largest state in the country. That's our smallest problem
And what is the news media worried about?
They're worried about the monument in Montgomery, Alabama in the state house
Marguerite
Whoo and they move it they be moving it about the ten commandments
Mm-hmm my my my
So once again that part about in bowling for colabine where he shows the Canadians watching like the cbc
And like real honest to goodness news and then the Americans watching all this if it bleeds it leads hysteria
They're doing bled shit right on the highway and moving out of the crazy religious nuts. Oh look at that
There's a thing from sugerland canada who commends judge more while it's deport that bitch
Here's the fact that I can barely read bad the ink
Not on our part either
It's his adam stanyans did play by play for north mind the high school something and I can't read the rest of it
Uh adam stanyans who evidently is a big superstar we didn't realize it lifeguard. Okay. What was the movie? They said he was in some uh
Come on get with it forgot
Well you're just not keeping track of the important stuff mr. I'll show that right now
You better get your uh ducks in order in a row
144 votes on our first temporary pool
That's probably more than moe has people listening per quarter hour. I'm listening 152 votes now like I said
Best off see it. Here's the bottom line moe. We're not programming to you
We're programming to the best. I know that comes as a great shock
We're programming to the best audience out there to like have a sense of humor and hate you like poison
That's who we're programming to
So the best idea is if you don't listen I'm listening just like Joe Rose said don't listen to none like easy 101.5
To not some slush turn on k a t
Listen to a Bach and Beethoven through all the slush and nostalgic and have a good time and get out of our face
Requiver the best off and play my playboy's ever was and that is the right answer
Requiting I see you got to also keep in mind that rick weaver didn't do the hasn't done the games for like 10 or 11 years now
Even clearance would admit that the rick weaver was the best
See, Clarence says yes, that's right and didn't he just say that he raised his head you didn't you phony baloney you ass sucker
Man, I'm gonna tell all the stories about you in the beast if you look at it. He now he's attacking George
Oh, he must have the beast must have to put out last night now. He's coming up on George from behind
Ha ha ha ha ha ha
He said he'll see the night at the ramrod George would have read by that
Something about Ramrod
Was I just say before he came in here and got me all thrown off course right now about
Weaver didn't do the games for like what 11 years ago, cuz since we're gonna listen to me forget about him
We're in the middle of our god damn show. Forget about small possubus or a problot talk. What is that?
It's important to holol talk I believe that I believe that
so uh... zimper did a games for nine years
and more than a for like a year this is a second season so it's about ten or
eleven years since mister we've been all games so in spite of that he's still
number one with fifty seven votes
zimper forty four
i don't listen to the often broadcast forty which is probably a lot of us who
watch them on tv note-run on the radio
or just don't care on the other hand and mohauer david only eleven out a hundred
fifty two votes
that's only seven point two percent
while if you were listening i'm listening that would like to just just
burst his ego you know
you you in fact you you can probably hear it on the highway
uh...
you can you can smell it all of the time go with the bag
it's in the bag mohauer i'm listening you will lie in second crack
i haven't listened for four months i turned it on for the first time you call
that a show and he was evidently getting psychotic apoplectic about it all
over the place this morning
maybe that was the diver tension from his the
since slumping hair piece in slumping ratings
uh... he's just in a slump since he is sports oriented
hundred and sixty one votes mister weaver's got sixty one that's what i like to
see real-dolphin fans who've been around more than five minutes
shame on you moh shame on you plus they all know he's still written for the
jets
right seltics
paint his face right paint his his family attends the adolphin games in the
stadium no less in pp park for uh... aka joe robby stadium with green and
white jets uh... crap painted on their puss
right
hats i want to use i wonder who paints the green and white on his wife's
puss
anyway we got a big day coming up today we got fifteen thousand two hundred
fifty bucks as of yesterday for the best of nil uh... two thousand two two
thousand three campaign
yeah he's gonna be in there
uh...
uh...
you think it's finger paint
at any rate
uh... and today it's going away over that because it is a for when you come down
it was it wasn't that good but you're such a filthy perverted the piece of crap
you know
and usually to see the look on clear in his face when he was behind you there
he had i can see the reflux man he had a look of the light of anticipation
even carly siaman
he never had a participation like that everything on the his tightened up
well i sure hope so especially your back to wild
you should see the point we mean he looked like he was ready to whip out the
old k-wai
or maybe maybe who is just making a trip to k-wai other was that they showed a
bunch of muggwams from k-wai that drove down and took them out to get out of
Alabama eight hours or whatever
to drive down among the rest of the could be there for the lord
and for the uh...
ten commandments on the so the audio religious that's out there you don't
understand it you just don't get it or you just don't know that i thought you
were
believe in whatever crap you want believe the rest of us out okay
taxpayer dollars we're not going to subsidize your fairytales your superstitious
all your bullcrab you got it
no didn't think so never will
anyway what is about to say before you start getting hyperventilating about
uh... you and clearance
well he could like a little bit he could like do you like uh... monday wednesday
and friday the beast who's a thirty and saturday and those like and on the
seventh day course we all rest
best of the law and sale today the first of our van hits for the year
at brandy shoes noon to two the love in the girl will be out there can we uh...
can we put that email that he sent me yesterday on the website to that's
beautiful i showed you aric all uh... do it for you during the break
i can do it all right i can handle it i know that comes to the great
talk to you but i can actually you know your old and you know people
so i know for your own now very computer uh... nimble just forward to
aric you'll put it on it's a picture of a guy with an an erection
no no seriously it's a cute thing and will forward in a record a lot pop it on
there somebody already
uh...
it's a lesson how to pitch a tent
to have the one he was lying under the one in his pants
anyway the best of the will be on sale at brandy shoes noon to two to twelve
ninety north federal highway and pop it obit between the land of encopens roads
all of that the choice draper and realize i was going to be there
and i could work here try can tell you about those horrible days he was in here
this morning tell us about those awful days when he was the dolphin running
back and out they suck so bad he'll autograph your boobs he'll autograph anything
you'll stick out
and there'll be free food from a landy city's subs to where uh... our good
friend i wrote makes the difference
and will have the best in the LCD two thousand two two thousand three the new
ones were farting on most grave
you got the uh... cassettes as well howard david mom howard david keychain
you have the best in the old two thousand and one
a limited supply those left and
and as a little bonus we also have a few
mad dog man is keychain we thought we were out so this is a very special
this is a this is like a treasure trove that we've uncovered
we found a mystery hidden box in the back of the book we found a secret box
and was it's grand we're talking about it
what was that covered
was it moldy and and musty
and squashed
where there are sorts of vermin's call around in it was moist
what a thought was under the air i don't want to know more about it no more
i'm listening
so that'll be new into a brandy's uh... just look for the q m van and McGill and
Troy strafler look for Troy's shining a black bald spot you can rub his head
for a very small fee
vip sports book dot com is outflow his favorite sports book they've been around
here for years now
and of course with football comment this is the time the year that all the sports
books are claiming that they're the biggest the best to make misleading
offers by the way i had the tremendous misfortune running into gerry cernoron
my way out yesterday
did you know that ninety nine percent of these bookies are located in the
jungles of costa rica but all those little girls down there this year move up
in class to vip sports book dot com
vip sports book dot com is the oldest of the sports book in the netta lens
first world integrity and english speaking to all right
hundred percent legal in license as well
vip sports book dot com is out for the sports book sign up before the NFL
regular season
and you can bet all the south Florida teams juice free audio long
you want to bet on the dolphins it's a hundred to win a hundred
good luck to you you want to bet the hercones it's a hundred and a hundred
so forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams
and all preseason suns get a twenty percent cash bonus
not some funny money match play bonus
we're talking about the best in the universe vip sports book dot com
that's how you reach them online or can call them to free at one eight six six
vip bets
that phone number again it's one eight six six
vip bets b e t s for vip sports book dot com
where you be the vip
this is for three or five sixty
yeah
baby
yeah
yeah
you
wanted more and you got it the bad dog is back singing more duets on
bandit sings
volume two
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
oh
number eight is back staring up with the great singing more big hits with even more big stars
the mad dog does them all
baby
everything
oh
right
oh
right
yeah
yeah
oh
right
all right
yeah
it's an all new
british invasion with the mad dog singing like a man
oh
right
yeah
the truth is finally out that you managed was truly the fifth people
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
yeah
here's a bad dog's
country
you
oh
yeah
yeah
yeah
The mad dog was just a little ambivalent when we asked him if he wanted to do it again.
Nah, I don't think so.
So we had Luke the Brassi Pam a little visit and tell him either his brains or his signature
would wind up on the contract.
That's some of a bitch's cute.
All right.
All right.
And it's sings.
Bow them two.
Available now if you cool quickly.
All right.
I'm listening.
It's 11 to 11. We hit a natural here at 560 WQM. Happy Wednesday to you
207 votes on a pool so far. Let's get those phones going. What do you say don't answer them by the way? Oh good
Why no? Well, they're screenless all this week because it's the very least that I can do
207 votes the best off and play by play voice ever on you just missed if you aren't watching CNN
If people out there in the audience you just missed jack orkheimer the stargather
She was on there with on CNN with the worst piece even making mosehair piece look like real like Charles Alfieiri
I'm in here. I have never seen nothing like that. It looked like you said it looked like it fell out of the sky
Maybe it felt from Mars. It's the red planet. It was a red piece just fell on this horror-commerce head
And didn't have time to like shove it back into place bad hair pieces man. Not a good idea
Another good reason to go see Chuck Alfieiri, which I see that spots coming up momentarily nice segue Neil. Thank you
207 votes on a pool Rick Weaver the best off and play by play voice ever 78 votes
And when you consider the passage of time like I said it's been like 11 seasons now since mr. Weaver did a dolphin game
That's a great tribute to a once living legend
Yeah
Bill Zimper 60
60 votes for Bill Zimper I bet you know who voted one of the votes for him. Oh right. Yeah
I don't listen to dolphin broadcast 57 and mohauer David had 12
5.7% out of 207 votes
And I realize these polls are very bad radio. It's a bad show. I apologize profusely for doing such bad radio for nearly 30 years in this time
But it's the best of the people old man like me can do and of course saddle with George what do you expect from us?
So we're just in addition to a speaking of that little gravel ovens thick that he's always like picking on your ass and trying to get you fired
And I am gonna do an entire show about him today every everything I talk about no seriously
I it was the farthest thing for my mind until I got in the car this morning
He was ranting and raving about I'll show on dead people yet and then I come in here
Fight out that he was a ballistic and right in the face about it and screaming at guilty and for all and everybody about that show
Rick the janitor he was screaming at Rick the janitor because he thought that he was related to Rick Weaver
Anybody named Ricky ain't too crazy about it. I guess you don't like dick
Only 14 votes for the moment out of 213 that's sad now
What was I just about to say that was so important you were gonna read me or something?
No, no, no, no, no
Since I know that I'm listening you're listening probably right there in your house in Boka which I have the address right here
Not really don't see we wouldn't stoop to that because we don't have to what's the point we keep it right here in the building
There's more than enough to go around you
But the fact of the matter is that like in the last trend and in the last book
Well, let's just take what the last trend because you were on more than I was in July
beat him
And when you when you excreparate what the for real probably didn't that morning, you know
They had a five and then we had a seven one
But when you consider that Moe had about a two and for all had an eight probably
What's could they move them into the night otherwise?
Listen to me the point I'm trying to make and also last summer didn't you beat him last summer?
Well, yeah, yes, so here's little George who takes so much crap from almost everybody out there
He sucks. He's boring. He talks about eating ass too much. He's a guava love and speck all of these things and
It still beats the crap out of you Mo
So what's what's the deal that we do such boring crap and the pull was embarrassing and you're all flustered and full
The bottom line is you're a flustered because of the fact I talked about Rick Weaver and the fact is that he was legendary
He was identified with the dolphins like from the inception of the team practice right and run on for the day that he hung up his jock strap
That's correct broadcast both years the dolphins won the Super Bowl the undefeated the phenomenal year
All of these things I even remember that how do you like that?
As opposed to a guy who comes in here with suspicious origins with the green and white they hated jets and
Sucks up to people like the anxious mark the jets fan people like that. Oh
You see what I'm saying?
So you've gone out of your way to see you ought to be ecstatic you ought to be happy because he's worked over time to turn everybody
Against them, which I guess he does everywhere that he lands and he succeeded in
In his book successes making everybody hate him like and you've succeeded. Oh, I've gone, baby
We all hate you like poison
And I'm if I would have realized that he wasn't gonna be here tomorrow and Friday because naturally
He's got that big game in New Orleans tomorrow that lasted the exhibitionist games
And you don't think that they're gonna be able to get back here in time for him to be up Friday morning
Do a show do you know?
So I see that girl the solo tomorrow and Friday, which means we'll have a real good time in here
Can you imagine how pleasant the environmental being is I can come in like 730 huh?
Because even somebody I don't want to get anybody in trouble, but somebody was saying to me a little while ago
How it's fun to come to work now now that we got for well in there sure as
Supposed to be for for well was here and you know
It's coming during the same period of time and everybody was walking on eggshells and afraid to fart in the hallway
Or they get bitched out for it, you know now it's fun
We said just huddling our little rooms because now from 8 a.m. Till midnight. We're kicking ass on Q.A.M
I don't mistake about it
Look at that
What time did we start this poll what time did I get it up like 1015 1015 so 40 minutes less than 40 minutes
We have 229 votes
And this is just a preliminary poll. This ain't even the meat of the matter. This ain't even the heavy duty
The best off and played by play voice ever
229 votes. It's just changing again 233 vote
Mr. Weaver Rick Weaver 88
I don't listen to the dolphin broadcast 67 those in for 64 and Mo. Howard David had
14
And even 6
Is that in just heads is that embarrassing is that humiliating is that degrading is that just unbelievable?
Don't forget go out and see what's his name Troy Troy the boy the sac canon and Miguel
I wonder if that pictures up on our website. I did email that successfully the Eric by the way
Probably take my mom or two to get that on it. I'll check with him. It is cute. I mean
I'm not saying it's like Earth shaking. It's not like a mole morphs into a Celia Cruz
Quite that entertaining, but it is it's amusing
It's instructions on how to pitch a tent
Even if only by accident case you weren't in the Boy Scouts exactly
5 6 7 0 5 60 I better take one call for SW Q. I am a meal. Yes
Last week when I was
Listening to the real Howard who went on to a major commercial. I flipped over to the other Howard and this caller called up and
Was just telling him how wonderfully was how great he was for standing up to Neil
Yeah, and I'm thinking myself you got to be kidding me. I go this guy Neil
Is destroying this guy verbally. He did the Steve Kane and you think that this guy's actually
Standing up to Neil and it was like unbelievable how he was like same. Well, I'm from Brooklyn in
New York and coming across people like Neil is no big deal
Yeah, but he's from Brooklyn. So what does that mean? What was that proof?
Not much to me. I'm from Rochester. What the hell does that mean?
You know I'm from England. They're all well. Listen. We nobody's perfect exactly. At least you're not from Buffalo
Thank you. I have a great day, pal. Thanks. See you say there you go
They all hate you mode. I can't stand you even Wayne high-pink despises you
He wishes that the ground that you love far down would just crumble I
Have that on very very authoritative source, but I'm not gonna mention no fat names
10 50 hey listen, we got a lot of fat people around here
10 50 7 at 5 60 W. Kimner did I just did I throw away what am I doing here? Oh, I'm doing a Chuck Alphierry
Well, I'm getting way ahead of myself
Because I'm fantasizing about sitting in my nice little studio in Toronto in my apartment
Being really comfortable take your camera this time so that we can see it too. No
Hey, speaking of bad hair pieces like Miss Horkheimer and Miss David
I want to tell you right now that people laugh there
That was the talk of the building this morning everybody was talking about most peace being I've been out of shape
Just like you were
Yeah, everybody say look at that look take a look at that
They were laughing their ass off at you Mo
I'm listening good don't come in here like that again the life you're asked out of the building if you want to look great
I mean like it's really your hair instead of like some horrible animal just died a wicked death on top of your head like
Miss Horkheimer here's the answer for you my good friend Chuck Alphierry for more than 35 years
He's been making guys look their best and he can do the same for you if you got like a little bit of a ball spot
Or maybe like a big glaring empty like a big shiny mirror on top of your head
Whatever it is or something in between Charlie can make it look like it's your real hair
And that's the difference with the natural hairline system. It looks like it's going out of your scalp
Not like some awful thing is crawling around on top of your posts and right now is the perfect opportunity for you to give Charlie a try during these summer months because
Charlie's offering you his summer special hair system for only
549 bucks for first-time customers if you already have a hair system
You can say 50% on service and repair all kinds of hair systems including shampoo and trim and just about always look better too
No dangerous drugs. No, mocey looking piece just a great looking head of hair
And you have nothing to lose because Charlie gives you a 30-day guarantee
You wear the piece for 30 days if after that time you're not getting laid at least 14 15 times a day
Return it for a full refund no questions asked whatsoever
So call Charlie today and you can change your life forever look better and younger than you ever dreamed you could again call
1-800-321-2413
1-800-321-2413 or check them on the web if you like a Charles Alphierry dot com
You
Chamberlain rate me there's a new home furnishing superstar. You're gonna fall crazy in love with it's
bad and Beyonce hey
I'm Beyonce and if you're looking for a selection of bed and bath accessories that's jumping jumping
Then bed bath and Beyonce is your destiny child America's newest pop diva knows
The independent women everywhere want to say no no no to expensive home furnishing feels feels feel
That's why she's open bed back and Beyonce this week. We have padded toilet seats on sale
They saw comfortable and food a
Beyonce knows
Bed and bath accessory and she knows you want to shop at bed bath and Beyonce remember you can't say bed back and
Beyonce unless you
Jesus
Don't give up until you say
Loss of cares and bed bed and Beyonce
11 or 3l pass the one at boy, I wish they would just go away, you know what?
We're gonna have 272 votes on our preliminary pool on our little four-play pool two hot nearly 300 votes in considerably less than an hour
How do you like that? Mo
The best off and played by playboys ever was Rick weaver 106
Don't listen to the dolphin broadcast 82
Bill's in for 69 and Moe Howard David had
15 5.5 percent out of 272 15
They're just voting that way because you talk bad about it
When we bitch about her right right no chance
No
Okay, here's the arrest of the poll we'll get rid of that thing because it's pretty obvious mr. Weaver winsít in for a second
they don't I mean dead last there were only four categories, you know
It shouldn't have been too hard when there were only been three people who done the dolphin games over the years
It should be kind of difficult to come in worse than third
But he came in fourth
And I mean a distant fourth even 69 votes for Bill's infer but only 15 from Moe Howard David had
they don't vote because i tell him how many times they they always say yeah
whatever they vote they vote they feel it
they emoted here's the real pull now let's get to it eric and oh and by the way
be speaking of eric nice job eric as usual lately uh if you go to neo-rodges that
lately uh... well lately he's been a good boy okay he's uh... learned his lesson he uh... is
doing a good great job first of all there's that then what is that called
what never uh... dream in public oh yeah because we don't have the caption on
it but that's okay never dream in public and there's the guy there pitching the
tent
and then there's a picture of yours truly in the uh... sports studio there in
for all studio place him at lovely piece on the beast at a piece on the beast
crowding the king crowning the queen and there he is in all of its glory
the beast with that dead muskrat on his head with a big smile on his
photography by george
that's a beautiful thing
that's a lovely thing
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty let's talk a lot about that monument
Alabama showy or not that's all they're talking about on cd
that's all they know that's all the council which represents over fifty three
hundred clergy across the nation evangelical catholic and orthodox will announce
in a news conference today they'll do that well there's that asshole the river
and pat mojone that mr. ego has all the time from a four-letter from the
christian defense coalition a real one swishy all he really yes
a preacher founding swishy that would be like a pre-sounding swishy
i think you're just making me just trying to deflect again
hey clearance knows he was right up on your ass
wqa m hello
good morning when was the s
which is both fifty right when we praise the soft and announcers yes
i mean i like i'd rick grew on me weaver
we i wasn't a big fan of his because let's face it he had a bit of an ego but uh
he had a big ego he's 21 out of his jockstrap he knew his stuff but uh
there was one guy before him who who i really used to like and uh he's not
mentioned he's offering up both names i know uh Bob Gallagher
who used to be a new director of jail for all right four-director of jail for
and he was the one the dolphins got bombed one night and he said that uh
you know warm up the team bus they're going to get for
impersonating a football team huh i love that and then remember
jokrogen yeah from channel ten sports
yeah he did the dolphin games for a year too i think but by far weaver and
goldberg um excellent just excellent stuff
hey stupid um i know that you guys are you
praise the uh the retired titans on the station a lot they're okay but uh
if you have a problem with athletes who leave sports they go into broadcasting
and then they slam the media all the time yeah and i was going to say you know
if you're going to check from a media company you can you're part of the media but
of course uh mad dogs not getting a check from
the media company right now sure yes well once in a very while
why do we have a lot of money threatens to see when he threatens to follow suit
well you know warriors usually do uh move mountains and that i guess i got a
better contract than he's got huh better contract probably a better lawyer too
yeah i'm not sure about that okay have a great day pali let's see
able sends us this long this must be that professional is really or
whoever this is in the middle east and his lonic world what vital interests are
there for which we should risk our own peace and security orland israel we are
told israel looks after israel first and americans must are looking
up america first is able so it's not some professional i don't know i mean
they're just all crazy there is one sentence in here that's right dozens of
Jewish children have been massacred at pizza parlors night clubs and on buses
and hundreds of Palestinian children of his shot to death and thousands wounded
and that's right i say i say a hubbun dread is not what they say in spain hubbun
dread bafangula right that's right is they say in arland
keep our money keep our people yeah well what would it be does either one of those
the joints have oil nope no
you know this bull crap about well it's the last democracy in the middle i say
let's just get that out of there it's a lost cause and all this crap the road
mad for peace and then bushes on her saying well you know the uh... rack attack
was was a vital part of the war on terrorism if he means creating more
terrorism than he's right yeah because then it worked like a charm was vital
right i mean you know the american public has got to stop being quite so
stupid when he watched this crap on cnn and he watched this obsession with his
jackass right wing born again bible thumping asshole in munchery alabama
and the fuss they're making about that which would come as no surprise
because we know we know all we need to know about religious fanatics
we have we need and every time there's any kind of a story where they can find some
kind of an angle here's Jerry fallwell here's pat robertson here's some other
getskey on air hot kind of china with bull crap okay what what all they got to do with
keep your nose out of american life because if you're religious if you're uh
groupies if you're gasky's if they want to follow you and subsidize you that's
up to them but leave the rest of us alone and quit coming on their pretending
to the tap it's just like the pope the pope telling us to do this and not to do that
and get nervous breakdown about gay marriages what the hell is it his god damn
business what they're doing in Canada or in the Netherlands or any other
god damn place he's the pope yeah right on earth
stones had a few more people in them although they they did have a juggernaut
gathering that's scary when he was in Toronto remember that yeah everywhere
half a million getch keys young people i guess they were just trying to check out the latest
fashions from Italy well jianny for sachi couldn't make it that day he wasn't feeling he was illan
final total here before we get the oh i haven't even given the uh other pull i see i'm killing time
well it's almost an hour that we had the pull on two hundred ninety oh i'd like to get seven more
votes to get to an even three hundred in an hour that would be good not record breaking but damn
near almost alien type especially with nobody in town while we're still kicking ass how do you
like that because you ain't no mr weaver i wonder where i'm always right now he is on
queer street right now two hundred ninety three votes the best off and play by and we probably
should have put uh Joe krowin and bob uh what was his name barker galliger should but nobody
remembers them and it's a long time ago and they were there briefly they're not really identified
of course most only been here briefly too not briefly enough rick weaver 111 don't listen to
it often broadcast 88 bills in for 76 more howard david 18 6.1% lame week really weak desperate
wouldn't you say embarrassing well some people might say that humiliating and degrading now i'll
forget uh uh because i got to tell that Todd dreck story i love the email i'm in suspense about
the hostile email just because Todd made a you know comment about it wait a minute hostile email
that doesn't have anything to do with me no oh okay not that i know of although you might have
in the back of his mind i'm sure you're always at the very least in the back of his mind that guava
eleven spick it's eleven past eleven at five sixty wqm if your carpets have guava on them
well they might they might they might have guava they might have like watermelon droppings they
might have watermelon seed they might have like uh who knows those kind of like uh fennel seeds
if you're like you know flicking them all around anyway whatever the deal is if your carpets need
to be clean here's the answer for and especially right now during these last part of the dog days
of summer dry concepts that's the answer what a stupendous job they do for you just like they've
done in my house for over 20 years when i came home this past weekend it's the first time i've
been in the house and said dry concepts was there a couple of weeks ago and man just like always
no no dog residue no reminders of my dearly departed dog make craft just beautiful carpets
it looks just like brand new and smell lemony fresh it's a pleasure when you do business with
these folks and especially because there's no scams no games no ripoffs they give you a written
guaranteed price upfront before they even start doing the job of dry concepts they dry clean your
carpets are the only people in the world who be doing it and now dry concepts offer you a chance
to say 15% on your next carpet cleaning just call them tool free at one eight hundred two four eight five
oh seven one has to be put on their stand by list and then dry concepts will call you next time
they got an opening in their schedule just like when you fly standby if you're available when
they have an opening they'll not 15% off the regular price so not one you get a great job but
you save some extra cash too so call dry concepts today ask to be put on their stand by list they
might even have an opening for you the day that you call you'll still get that 15% off the regular
price of the job for a great look in brand new carpeting and a poultry and drapes inferniture all
of these things these are the folks you want to do business with because they're the best dry
concepts call them at one eight hundred two four eight five oh seven one two four eight five oh seven one
or check them on the web at dryconcepts.com
we're supporting you five six eight you weigh in
start lighting the candles i'm listening there's no power today
and we are getting tired of it new york new york
these electrical grids
are way out of date
get someone to rewire it new york new york
i don't want to wake up in a city with no AC
and find my food has all spoiled can't watch TV
you
are these big blackout blues
ain't going away too many reportedly shot at Chicago factory until they fix what's wrong with it
in old New York if it can happen here it can happen anywhere
what will they do new york new york
okay and you know why this is going on no to that the american
fucking way two people reportedly shot there's this standoff gunman reportedly standoff
with the thirties and a plant in Chicago and we're showing it now but at least we're not showing
at monument no mo have that do we have the tape of that at least a show we don't have the tape
ready but we were saying when our producers were watching all but we do have that old tape
of curvy pocket so they happen to roughly on her as you know he has a little bit of a problem
on you running from inside this building still even though which building this is
this is great they've got the camera crew there they're picking up the feed from
wlstv in Chicago and seeing it puts it out it didn't even know where it is what it is all
you know it's a plant in Chicago somewhere not sure as you say which building this is
yeah i love it yeah and no identifying markings or logos anywhere on the buildings or on the
vehicles there and once again with these people that you're seeing here in the scene folks
we can't tell you for sure if these were employees that you see here in the in other words they know
nothing but at least they're consistent okay here's the new pool which is already up there and
see we got some votes why don't you listen to the mohauer david at show he's effing boring
he's a pompous old ass his muskrat is on too tight i don't give a shmit about sports or i do
listen he's great huh did i cover all the bases there but he's on too early get out of here i
think he's on a little bit too late in life i think maybe three thirty to four thirty to
a.m. would be sensational like a nice hour break for joan mark then they can come back
and i think they'd have a good crossover with scott scott for real six to ten see that's
the talking ability here is how we're going to get for real on their six to ten right and i think
the only way is to pay the clear crusty old far off and get them out of here don't you yeah
we're let the break fluid out of his wig maybe that's what happened this morning
maybe the beast secretly maybe let the break fluid out of the muskrat and it couldn't
slime on a brace when i got to the neckline so far we already got a few votes the thing went up
there surreptitiously very quietly without any notice but we got fifteen votes why don't you
listen to the mohauer david at show five day at a.m. on highly rated wqa and the rest of the
uh etc he's a pompous old ass ten he's effing boring for his muskrats on too tight one but not
telling up this morning don't give a shmit about sports none and i do listen he's great so far
the big none none mohler keep our eye on cnn for the latest in bricking what number is msnbc on here
and also can anybody tell me how long have they been not carrying i'mus in the morning and i see
i do get msnbc in Toronto on my digital cable uh since 1963 they have been carrying i'mus
back when he was a child when he was 40 uh oh look at this they're not even doing that no
coby celebrity justice that 19 year old broad had the hand his hand print on her neck
right somebody is squeezing your hard enough that you have your hand print on the net yeah
i don't want to like in dead pork poor kobi you know not that i you're flying crap about that
there are a lot of sex moves uh but i don't know too many that involve choking do you remember the
guy in new york who uh got uh convicted for strangling for raping that girl the real good looking
young guy who now is quite not so good looking and not so young oh yeah yeah in the park the auto
in the park the auto were rotting yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah right sure yeah
right what a shame i'm not talking that she died because he looked so good you know
he did he was a good looking guy but that just goes to no it's a good lesson for all you people
out there just got somebody looks good don't trust him you know don't take him home and do all
kinds of wild stuff with him and trust him you know i mean when you're done just make sure they
leave real quick huh or make sure you got a piece under the under like the guy and then
going for connoblein which was nickel's brother there Terry nickel's has the 44 magnum under his
pillow sure and never they wouldn't let the camera in there but the michael more went in there
and shown off there was is it loaded oh yeah what's the point that having a gun you might as well
have a hammer if you're not going to load a gun oh they're going to have a hammer didn't it
fact the hammer was under the other pillow anyway how's that pull come we're going to get a lot
of response on this and again i'm it's not that i'm like piling on here it's just that this guy is
so obsessed with me and went so ballistic this morning not just on the air but also off the
air from all reports even clearance was astonished at how red and the pusso moe was this morning
he said that the last time he saw pusso that red was the beast
five six seven oh five sixty but that's your opens up all kinds of avenues doesn't it wow
man oh here's a horrible story somebody just thanks you'll like it one of your piling on stories
priest is accused of serving alcohol to minus oh speaking of booze now i don't want to say any
particular players name on the dolphins but there seem to be a lot of rumors going around town
that somebody who keeps getting injured like thumb injuries and is out for a month uh like
said a pop every now and then you know i mean he doesn't yeah everybody likes a good soda pop
now and then isn't that interesting how they call it pop where i'm from and also in Toronto
slight in the in the pizza joints it's a slice and a pop the northwest also a bucket of hands
is to call it pop and here of course it's soda because the new york influenced because the
new yorkers if you said pop in the york they pop you really can i have a pop right in the pit push
in the city but an upstate in the york it's pop all of course that's short for soda pop that's
all it's not like a we're illiterate around in soda is short for soda pop now see to me soda is
an ice cream soda we've been through this before about a hundred times but to me a soda is an ice
cream soda right club soda no you ordered drink you have this in a soda scotch and soda
yeah yeah club soda as in scotch and soda but if you say soda period pop there it goes again
picking on the old man poppy a Roman Catholic priest in Pittsburgh was charged today with
involuntary manslaughter in the death of a drunken pit football player who fell see how do you
like that drunken football player who fell through a church ceiling after a cookout at which the
priest was accused of serving alcohol to underage drinkers no i'm here all kinds of stories about
Brian Greasy and i think it's disgraceful i'm not sure if the stories are disgraceful or fias but
nevertheless the Reverend Henry Crotchock resigned last month as pastor of saint maximeleon colby parish
in suburban homestead that's Pennsylvania Billy gains an 19 year old sophomore died about oh my
goodness died about 20 hours after falling June 18th at saint end church which is part of Crotchock's
crotchock was charged with six counts of furnishing booze to minors one kind of reckless
endangerment and one kind of involuntary manslaughter authorities say gains teammate david abdual
no relation to paula was exploring a crawl space in the church ceiling with gains who fell
through and smacked his head on a church pew the crawl space was about 30 feet above the church
sanctuary church officials in Pittsburgh refused to say where crotchock is staying is attorney
david sir kony did not immediately return a call for comment gains a wide receiver and kick
returner from i james i jamesville merlin are you ready for that i jamesville i james
a ms i jamesville merlin and abdual was staying to i jamit that's what clearance said
when i asked him about the beast he says when you get that opening what he do he said i jamit
gains wide receiver and kick returner from i jamesville merlin and abdual was staying
temporarily at saint ancheers because of fire destroyed their apartment police investigated
why the players were sure booze despite being under twenty one and autopsy showed gains blood alcohol
content was point sixteen percent higher than the states of the eliminate point one percent for
adult drivers in other words he's a little bit intoxicated here's another good book for you
somebody faxes big lies by jokhonison who's a great columnist also co-wrote the hunting of
the president about what the right wingers did to boba which i had that book in trono i haven't
read it got a lot of books that i got a read yet including that new uh what is it called again
liar liar pants on fire they've got about 30 liar mo dirty lying liars it's called lies and the
lying liars who tell them by al franken get grab it squeeze it twenty six past eleven no lies for
my good friends your creator and Tom layman at halok pond act they give you only the straight poop
band including right now the two thousand and three niel deal blowout sale let's go on out as i
here's how it works niel deal number one they give you zero percent financing for sixty months
on every single two thousand three potty act or gmc and stock you know i ate so much bacon this morning
that i have like a flaming ass right now i really do if you're there's an image if you would
have called me a flaming asshole i'd say you know you got a point i'm serious i just i mean you
saw how much was in there that could have felt like an army quick doing that we do we love you
how is the quit over feeding you maniacs niel deal number two get up to a four thousand dollar
rebate and every two thousand three gmc and potty act in stock and on you current and former military
personnel get an additional seven hundred fifty dollar rebate from all your close personal
buddies at halott you can still buy a two thousand three potty act son of iron unbeatable price of
only eleven thousand nine ninety eight or a full size year for just fifteen thousand nine
ninety eight hurry and now because inventories are limited and at halott you can still this is
amazing test drive any vehicle on the lot for twenty four hours take it home take it to work
bring it here to qa and turn it over to us and of course halott's also got a great selection
of dependable pre-owned car structure SUVs and this i've been telling you for a very very long time
for a coupons age now if you have maybe marginal credit a couple of blemishes on your credit report
like George it's still you don't have any blemishes not they maybe not on your credit report but
after that french kiss from clearance this morning there's a big one on your neck on your ass
anyway if your credits of our general it's not a problem because at halott they want to make
you deal in a will halott potty act GMC will find them in the same great location they've been doing
it great for thirty five plus years now one thirty four one septic see highway that's US one
across in the falls open every day seven days a week if you want more info on those nial deals
called the nial deal hotline tool free one trible eight five three four forty two eleven
that's one trible eight five three four forty two eleven don't forget all nial deals subject credit
approval see our good close personal buddies at halott for all the details at halott potty act GMC
where they are professional grade
six four eight one six four eight and one of them the four of them the three
and like this criminal a nice
a right
California free show
a free show a free collection day
the Schwarzenegger ho
Schwarzenegger ho
he doesn't stop to the name
he doesn't stop to the name
and they're right there
the hustler
the hustler
the likes of two ladies
races to the ladies
and for Gary Coleman
Gary Coleman
would almost fit on your plate
almost fit on your plate
California free show
California free show
it's a weird election day
things are looking down
all of them are looking down
for the golden stage
for the golden stage
and October 7th
October 7th
for the silent phase
I'm in a phase
I would vote for red
for the baby
was held today
a
California free show
California free show
it's such a freaky day
like I said we got one
26 till noon at 560 WQF
look at that schedule
we got Joe Rose in today
oh look out
he's another punishment
disturber
Little dog Joe Rose for the mad dog
who of course is on his way to New Orleans
for the ball game
Then for a look at this we got the Humber back today.
Oh right.
Thank you son from Vegas another tough assignment for Hank 4 to 6 30.
Another tough two and a half hour show that in fact it's not even that you want to know why why because of the ballgame beat on tomorrow.
It's kind of like a Friday before a Sunday.
So we got the Dave wants that show 5 to 6 on tape.
So thanks on for an hour and then for like a half hour after the wants that show nice going Humber.
I love it.
What a scam him and they learn from the best.
In fact, mad dog told me when he was in here the other day on Monday.
He said I learned from the master less work more pay and they're doing a hell of a job of it.
Then you got Marlon's on deck at 6 30 Marlon's who've lost 6 out of 7 but miraculously are still tied with a Phillies who are who lose every day.
For the wild card at the moment, but Arizona's on it.
They got like 7 teams now within 2 games for the wild card.
Marlon's at the pirates tonight, 7 0 5 after the Marlon's on deck.
Eddie K follows the baseball game.
Jo and Mark overnight.
Now you almost let me forget something very important today.
Hey, don't forget because people are always saying, oh, all you do is rip and rip.
You don't fat rich reminds me of my mother.
It was about fat rich.
Yeah, well, you didn't tell me to remind you to say it on the air.
That's when I was talking about it.
I said, don't let me forget.
I want to mention it on the air now because he deserves credit.
It'll inspire him and he deserves it.
I mean, you know, about 20 or 30 near death, about 30 near death experiences may have inspired him, but nevertheless better late than never.
Right.
Better late than dead.
He's lost 120 pounds.
So I'm at Pompeo last night for the summer casting.
My friend Derek had the luring riders to refuse on it.
So he stayed like, thanks for staying away, Derek.
You're a great guy.
We love you.
But you know, he was considered enough.
He didn't want to give us whatever he's got, especially me.
I don't want before I have a trip and I'm getting a hell out of here.
Yeah, when it be something to come down here and get sick again, that would be bad.
That would be bad.
That would be bad.
Especially since I've been so healthy except the last time I was here, I had that little stroke.
From being lethargic and being fat.
And he inspired me, fat rich last night.
That's inspirational.
He really looks good.
Slimy looks for him.
He looks great.
He needs to get like, like maybe one size smaller shirt, Richard.
No, he's still crazy.
He's still wearing those same pub tents and it looks kind of like ludicrous and pulling up the pantaloons.
But as fat people, we're used to pulling our pants up, you know.
Huh?
They have suspenders now.
Oh, I see.
Nice ball, where do you keep it up?
He look great.
Jason and sunrise faxes me an article from the news insider.org about the message behind a blast.
You when was hit for a reason already had that on our website that maybe not exactly the same article, but we had it on there.
Also Jason says the people in Alabama wouldn't care for was the Quran instead of the Ten Commandments.
And Jason, you are absolutely correct.
Of course not because they don't care from the Quran.
They don't care from the Mormon Joseph Smith and his 14 tablets take to and call me in the morning.
They don't care about that stuff.
All they care about is the Christian Bible, the Ten Commandments and the Christ name and all this other crap, you know.
In Colourment Goium, that's the biggest problem in America today.
Stupid people and in Colourment Goium, that's our poor for tomorrow.
That's a good poor, huh?
I mean, we did that thing about what bugs you the most on Monday, but I think this is the America's biggest problem.
There you go.
George W. Bush.
Stupid, stupid, stupid, idiotic people.
Exactly.
Evil douish.
Evil douish.
In Colourment religious assholes.
We got a whole lot of them.
Don't let me forget.
Amor Grants.
Don't let me forget.
All right.
You won't like this facts though.
Whatever.
Although I don't like the facts either, I am so sick and tired of people who keep asking me about this.
It's stupid.
Hello, Neil. Welcome back.
It says we'd like to know if the battle between you and Moish, stick or not.
Oh, yeah.
I am tired of that.
There's no stick.
Okay, the only stick is I say to him.
Stick it up your ass.
I don't do it appearance without three people asking me that.
No, there is no stick.
And in spite of the fact, remember that time he was trying to like suck up for whatever reason?
Because he was looking for an ally when Joe Rose started on leash unloading on him.
So he thought he would turn to me as an ally.
You're turning the wrong way, Mo.
Maybe that's why that piece is drooping.
Forget about it.
I mean, ordinarily, I'm not the kind of person that holds a grudge, but in his case, I'll make an exception.
Because there's so much crap that he pulled starting with trying to get your ass fired.
And then of course all the crap that he pulled on me and this show and everything else.
It's unconscionable.
Not to mention the other people in there that he between Carolyn and the Beast and you name it right on down the line.
The man has just pulled off too much crap.
He's alienated everybody, but including the salespeople, including Todd Dreck.
You know, that sexual harassment that the corporate meeting that you had last week or whatever the hell it was, weaker two ago.
Yeah, last week.
So he goes in there.
It wasn't the meeting you were at because you were on the air.
So you went to the second one, but the preliminary meeting with Greg Reed supervising, which I still think is amusing.
And anyway, he goes in there and Todd says, damn, hey, Mo, something about, you know, mode this mode that.
Well, needless to say, he don't care for that.
And I forget the rest of what Todd said.
Something I'm using, something that nobody would pay any attention to.
So lo and behold, the meeting ends.
Mo drives home to Boka.
And within moments of his arrival in the house.
There is an email pops up on Todd Dreck's email.
Todd Dreck.
Do we have some kind of a problem?
Is there something I've done to offend you?
Do we have a whole defensive, psychotic email pops up over over nothing from him from Mo.
He emails people.
He calls the hotline calls the house line.
He emails people.
Right.
See, my best suggestion, and I do, you know, you play a lot of golf, which is for people who are bored to tears.
Get a life.
Find a hobby.
Take up Ma Zhong.
Take up a part easy.
Shuffleboard would be great.
It's good exercise.
There's probably more exercise than that than golf.
You could have just turned around and said, you talking to me, asshole?
I'll take you out.
Something is something to Todd.
Todd comes up to his knee.
Right.
He could have just stepped on him.
Right.
He could have stepped on him.
He could have stepped on him.
He could have hit him with his bag.
That's the thing, but you're missing the point.
It was all over nothing.
Right.
But, you know, if somebody says something to you that you don't like.
Like what?
Like, uh, hey, faggot.
Yeah.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Let me find out.
I say that to me, as my name don't wear it out.
Hey, Nelly.
Hey, Nelly.
You know, something.
You know, you don't call me that.
Hey, asshole.
You know, you, you just tell him right now.
I don't have any problem with any of the things you just said.
Right.
But just a, for example, you just say it right there.
It's like, hey, asshole.
Don't, uh, you know, you'll call me that and I won't call you something, you know, make something up.
Anyway, this fac says, goes on to say I'm glad that I had that exchange with you right there.
It says, um, if not, how does management love those great picks of money on a website?
Management has no control over our website.
Management, I'll say that, but I can't say much for them.
They got nothing new with our website.
And please replace George with suds.
Your share would double or more.
It's not personal and strictly business.
It says somebody again, pick it on you.
Even though you kicked ass in in July and in the summer book.
Right.
And even though suds wouldn't be in the building if it worked for my efforts.
And even though suds as much as I love him, he can't do the show alone.
When Rick would be out sick, there was a tape.
There was no reconcensual.
He's a good sidekick.
He can't do the show alone.
For some bizarre reason, which we've never been able to figure out.
I asked him about that.
What he said.
They just wouldn't let him.
So the theory is you can fill in all these blanks.
No.
As, uh, no.
That's something to do with it.
Why?
Maybe Rick had to.
Oh, there he goes again, picking on my close personal friend Rick Riley.
That's not, that's a lie.
Oh my god.
Did you think the theory?
Something to do with it's possible.
No, I don't believe that.
He just doesn't, uh, he, he doesn't have the presence to do a show alone.
Do you know what I'm saying?
No, I don't know how to explain it to you.
Have you heard his thing?
Have you heard him do a show alone?
Yes.
Okay, I didn't.
He, I don't know.
I don't want to pick on suds.
He's listening right now.
He's a good guy.
Love suds.
But it's just not, not his bag.
I'm listening.
See, he's even, uh, imitating Yamona.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
18 till noon at 560 WQM on a great Wednesday, man.
It's phenomenal.
We got the mad dog in the, we had no, we don't.
We got the mad dog going to wait in New Orleans.
We got Dave Hagen who took the call that day that prompted your roast to go ballistic on the air.
Yeah, that fake call that never happened.
Maybe, maybe, maybe with suds, fake in most voices.
Yeah, we're listening.
I'm listening.
He suds does a good mo.
18 till noon at QA.
And by now, I am positive that you heard me talk a lot about laminits arussian.
How laminated wood flooring from laminits arussian is the easy, the smart, the low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring.
And that natural wood flooring is so expensive, by the way.
Laminits arussian is the best place to find laminated wood flooring at affordable prices from the top names in a binus.
Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art, Uniflor, and Quickstep, they got them all.
All the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers.
Here's another reason why I'd be calling laminits arussian.
Their prices will floor you.
Right now, you can get their summer special for just 1995 bucks.
Let me say it again.
Just 1995 bucks gets you up to 380 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring.
It is positively unreal.
And laminits arussian will match any legitimate written offer too.
For a free and home estimate with positively no obligation, call laminits arussian toll free, 1-877-773336.
What could be easier?
They could be a free carpet disposal, fee furniture, moving at 25-year warranty and years and years.
A beautiful easy care laminated wood flooring.
Call laminits arussian toll free until that old, that old asshole Neil Thurde to call.
Won't bother me.
Call 1-877-777-10, that nasty old faggot Thurde to call.
1-877-777-3336.
Right in local, we're sports radio 560.
You ain't, you ain't.
Pants can be as big as today.
Pants can be as big as today.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as far.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as far.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Pants can be as pretty as you.
Sだideo Break them down anão
If you think you are a Los Angeles
built computer. And I said your site is my home page excellent but I can't
listen live, can't vote, can't buy a CD. All saved page cannot be displayed if
Carlos or someone can tell me hey Dennis you got a great sense of humor. Carlos
saying here no mo won't hear him no mo. I can tell you what my internet settings
for my tools menu ought to be I'd appreciate they'll also have a visa rated by
the new CD. What do we do? It tells us a problem with his internet service provider
to me. He needs help with his tool. Please help Neil if you call me I'll
personally give my credit card number to purchase the CD. No what we should do
is give him a Miguel's number. What do we what do I do with that? Do I be
having it? You got it? 305. Wait a minute 305. 650. 650. 01. 56. 0156. I should be
writing that down here. 305. 650. 0156. Yes. Call Miguel direct leave a message
if he's busy servicing Doreen and leave a message in there and he'll get
back to you Dennis and he'll arrange it for you. As far as the internet thing is
concerned it's probably something in his settings he's got a brand new
computer he needs to set it up right. Presence is I can't vote no mo and that's
bad because a lot of people want to vote on no mo. Where the hell is that drop it?
Oh so here's the result so far. On their second pool now it's interesting he's
doing a little bit better on this pool than he was on in fact quite a bit better
than to play by play which everybody thought was his strong suit you know the
one with the lemon green pants and lime jacket. 144 votes why don't you listen to
the Mohauer David at your own QA him he's a pop his old ass 58 he's acting
boring 40 I don't give a shmit about sports 22 I do listen he's great 15 10.4
percent well we may and his muskrats on to tight nine out of 144 now out of
those 15 I do listen he's great how many of those do you think he probably voted
himself nine oh okay well I mean I'm sure he's up there in Boker right now
listening even though we claims he don't listen to this show and lies through
his teeth about it I mean I just how can you possibly go through your entire
life being having to lie about even a little tiny things and make it a big deal
I it's just a man in search of a life why bother what's the part well exactly
what's the cops it's called being obsessed obsessed so anyway good luck
Dennis and thanks for doing your thing for us now we got something very important
come up at noon what do you look like that for noon to two today we got our
he vandead oh that's right well it's big in a hit so anyway the guy in Chicago
was shot he's still alive and the part I like is he's in custody but they don't
know whether the cops shot him we shot himself but he's still alive so in other
words if he shot himself he's a bad aim you know like you shot himself in the
foot probably not a good idea and he shot a couple of people inside the factory
and the whether they're dead or alive they still haven't bother telling us yet
and that's it and now Leon Harris goes on other stories because it wasn't you
know just a couple of shootings in America is no big deal small potatoes disgruntled
disgruntled the employee so the best of nil goes on sale that's our first band hit
of 2003 excellent well that's right Miguel won't be there when he calls because
he's out of the van hit right now that figures so call and leave a message and I'm
sure Miguel will get back to post-haste pronto the best of nil goes on sale
today at brandy shoes in fact I don't know where David was although I think he
was in date County maybe he wants to drive up the brandy's why not I mean Dennis
whatever they were noon to two just moments away they're in fact I'm sure they're
probably there right now not only Miguel but also the lovely Troy Stradford will
let you rub his ball spot for a very minimal fee
trough 90 North Federal Highway in Palmito Beach you'll see the Q&A right there at
Brandy's that's between Atlantic and Copen's roads Troy Stradford's there the lovely Miguel
is there free food from Atlantic City subs if you're really nice to Miguel if you
whisper in his ear he'll let you like take a look at it and of course we got all kinds
of stuff in the van to pedal here for the abandoned pet rescue all goes to cheerity the
best in the old 2002 2003 CDs which are just just assimilating you got it man also
on cassette you got the Howard David keychain and oh Howard David had keychains and
then you got the a few limited supply left so grab more hot today is a good time
to go out there and get them what else you're gonna do not much the best of
Neil 2001 a limited supply those and that's also on CD and cassette and Jim
Mandage keychain if you have both you could do your own dolphins broadcast that's
correct you could do that was great he said suck by it it's a little it's a
little muffled I wanted to clarify the mad dog did say suck not that you have to
suck I just want to clarify that because Greg and Duffie very nervous and it's
a you know
I'm always worth I'm at a quit right now so that's a good idea get one of each get
the more Howard David and the mad dog you can have him talk to each other my
my favorite is when most says when most says yeah that's my favorite okay so that
gets us up today go out there and pick up a bunch of crap but I'm telling you
this is what what's going on here today we're the show almost it's like almost
noon already and then we got our big gigantic one to two are that you try to
talk me out of the other day which is that again oh don't be doing that no
mole that was a bad bad idea there's just nobody here don't look at me I mean
there's nothing I can do but there ain't nobody in town and you know the I was
thinking last night driving home from the track I feel so bad for those of you
are forced to be here round you know you're round because if the traffic is as
much of a nightmare as it is now like this morning was very heavy duty coming
to work if it's like this now when there's really basically nobody here right
what's it gonna be like in November December like in January February well what's
it gonna be like then it's like death but look on the bright side yes we're in
broard yeah but we come to work in date right across the party line just we
just get away hey well you I guess you don't have to go on 5.95 listen I don't
a candle drive go down that you live down there no I know but sometimes I'm
trying a lot of media down there sometimes and it's just it's not marriage you
can't get there well it's probably a good thing unless you go and do a
Hall of Pontiac then it's a good idea to get down there she's stuck that in
there so time I'm happy yeah want to keep everybody happy why don't you listen to
the Mohauer David and show us our pull question today on the O'Rangeers.com where
we have the fantastic picture of the beast and his new do it's a lovely thing
and me sticking it and then the other beautiful picture of a guy who looks
like he's ready to stick it in almost anything
Mohauer David at pompous old-ass 61 he's effing boring 46 I don't give a
Schmidt about sports 27 I do listen he's great 16 10% his muskrats on two
tight another 10 so so far considering everything unequal he's not doing that
bad when you say right considering who we're talking about WQAM yeah
where's that I can get those key chains working you get him today yeah at
Brandys 12 90 North Federal Highway Pomegranates between the Atlantic and
Copens between now and two o'clock is that like a bar or something a restaurant
now Brandys is a shoe store but after you have to pick up the CD you can hit
the local bars there's plenty more right right right right right for the
like the rounds with it all right thanks a lot okay have a good life now let's
see are we doing we don't have a lot I'm not really sure what's going on
here no we don't know if I've got one of these repeats I don't know because I'm
getting so far ahead of myself I keep like throwing the pages of log in the
Schmidt can you know I'm saying no what I it's not important for you it's
important for me that I get all this stuff lined up over here I'm not I'm not
really paying off a lot of attention that's all right nobody else I mean I
get I get paid the same with the right pay a lot of attention or like not at
all I prefer to ladder Mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q a m
of
mentally
mac
No one should say this cause it is crap
I could have made me just special in my ass
No one would see a movie with a three pass
Cause no one said I'm movie-fied
It's powerful and the big star
Because if you admit the worst movie by far
And the thing that really hurts it must be we sure
Now everyone knows I'm movie-re-device
We as nuclear programmer are either progressing nicely
For that more US soldiers killed in Fallujah in Iraq
They're every day they're dying, they're dying over there
And the public is more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the more the
yeah, you ought about one of each you can have Moe and the and you ought to be about one of each you can have Moe and the of Moe and the
unedog fucking back in an
unedog fucking back in a bad side by each back in 4
on the back side by each back in 4
forth 5 You need. 5 You need. 5 you need. 5 You need. 5 you need. 5 you need. 5 you? 60 needs. ...
$5.60 and $5.60 on the A Government Place.
but $5.60 were adequate on the A component facilities are adequate on the A component facilities were an offer and could hire some staff and European dining and visiting staff and dancing Vayde and
in My House to be an offer and to be an offer and could hire some staff and food equipment staff and broth shop staff and so on.
housingNo docs must borrow our second leaf huncha
working on food."
kitchen Storage紥ow
That's better than I expected
He's a muskrat. You know his muskrat is on too tight. Oh, he does have
It says he's muskrat is on to that. No Eric. It's his muskrat is on to tight not he's did I write that?
Where did Eric just screw up again?
I'm sure it's a Eric's band come on Eric it with it his muskrat not he's muskrat is on to tight
Jesus are you a literate or what Eric get with it?
You know for a pompous fact guy that talks at you good game now because that Eric or mole
That we're talking about
But Eric has done a spectacular job since we a Schmidt-Candat little a
Beener turdburger that you had in here that little a professional puddle of trouble rub it in and now you hear this morning
Ferrell is still making Carlos this guy quit talking about Carlos for well
I mean you can do whatever you want, but that's just my strong suggestion it would be a good idea
Maybe he could hire him back to produce that you know, I keep talking about dumping the beast
I think they fit in like a glove up your ass. I think they fit in perfect. I
Think it'd be a great match
Well, we just want every way to know and I'm serious. I'll put up a thousand dollars to build that statue for Scott Ferrell
Just what we were seriously we were for Lauren
Yeah, we had basically given up any hope of ever getting back tended to
Of ever being able to come in here in the morning or even just start to show in the morning whether I'm here or not
By long distance and have everybody in a good mood. We had given up all of these things
And then along came Ferrell
Right and of course clearance and Greg just I mean
They they were using them like a human wishbone each one had a hold of one leg
You know what I'm saying? That's how that's how much they were obsessed with Ferrell now of course Greg loves him
But when he was in here earlier Greg read says to me
He said and I you know, I don't want to tell tales, but he said he worries me a little sometime, you know good
I said yeah, he worries me a little bit too, but he's great
That is good the fact that he worries him because it means he's like right on the edge or maybe a little bit over the edge or maybe like
Way over it, but whatever you know
Yeah, I mean if you're gonna have great success you're also gonna have to have a few schmilkies over a two Greg
I'm sure that one of
I'm trying to think how many what what you used do we have in like
Executive positions in this place. I was gonna say somebody's name that he fell
Maddie Bell is Jewish. That's right. What am I thinking?
You can tell about Maddie Bell by the smell
But he swell and he ought to go to hell. No, but seriously. He's he's Jewish
Yeah, he's the the second way to explain what spielki's mean Greg. He can he can give him a few 27 past noon at five sixty WQ
I'm speaking of spielkeys
She's no Ray
I was coming. I don't know who she is either. She's a young lady who works here. She's heavy set
I should know who she is, but she works over like on the other side. Maybe she works at power
And she was telling me she lost 88 pounds on the atkins. You know what I'm talking about no very nice
But anyway, a lot of people are on the atkins and you want to know why because for many many people it works
It's a great way to lose weight
It's delicious. You need all kinds of stuff
The only problem with it is can be very one-dimensional and really boring
Which he was complaining about that too
So if you want a bunch of other great things that'll help you stay on the straight-and-year-old path keep you on your atkins or other low-carb diet
The story ought to be shoppin' as the lights of west bokeh because it's entirely dedicated to you two atkins diners out there
They've got over 900 low-carb and sugar-free products in this one fantastic store
And they're getting new ones in all the time like the new low-carb instant cup of soup all you do is add water to it
Pop it into microwave. It's a low-carb meal on a cup and four delicious flavors
Be sure and check out the simply delicious low-carb muffins for a quick breakfast
They have your own individual-sized cheesecake a little one. They got Judy's low-carb peanut brittle unbelievably delicious
Carburet ready to drink chocolate and vanilla shakes their low-carb meals in a can
The at last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars
This is like heaven-sent because these have no multitall so you won't have to worry about
Spending all day in the can and they've got almond snack cakes blindies and six different flavors
All kinds of good things waiting for you like low-carb hot cocoa apple cider
Blindies brownies and no forget the great selection of low-carb pasta sauces
Dressings chip chocolates in their world famous carbolite ice cream too
You can try anything of the store before you buy it and all the atkins brands products are on sale all day every day
Atty lights. They're open daily 10 to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of blades and 441 right next to Boston market
Call them toll-free at 1-877 low-carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com
Delights of West Boka make no mistake. Abooted. It's your official atkins retail service
You
There was in no farmer who lived on a ride he said in the middle just shaking his fist at some boys who were down by the prick
They're feeding the water their hands on their marbles and play things and at half past four
There came a young lady she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass
She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white bluppied
She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children so they would not spin
While the boys in the barnyard were shoveling refuse and litter from yesterday's hut
While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eyes at the fellow down by the dock
He looked like a man with a size of a home in the country with a big fence out front
If he asked her fun lightly she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to fits
And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender hands with a movement so quick
And then she'd been over and suck out his candy so tasty made of butter Scotch
And then he spread wood cream all over her cookies that she had left out on her shelf
If you think this is dirty you can go f*** yourself
26 to 1 at 5,60 WQAM the home of the a mad dog who's on a way to a New Orleans
Now he loves a place like New Orleans that's his kind of joint
I personally do not like New Orleans in any way shape or manner it is filthy and scrotesque
And I still don't understand although you know I realize what the come back with me
You can go and get drunk anywhere right I mean this business about keywashed and New Orleans
You can get drunk anywhere you have a great time and get plastered
Yeah but how many other drunk people are there
Are where wherever you happen to be getting drunk at you mean up the block
5th third man
No seriously and then people would say well you know why do you go to Amsterdam
People gonna have sex anywhere they want you know people are going to Amsterdam for sex and drugs
Stuff like that I mean I was shame on them
But I guess maybe that's a good point
But perhaps it isn't as readily available or it's not as erotic or exotic or all of these things you know the quantity
quantity of what drugs or sex both yes
Just a whole different ambiance just a different aroma and atmospheric booted you know
Just like here in America everything has got to be like oh it's like unclean and uptight and uh you know
It's it this is no wonder people are so stressed out here see that's another thing about living in the Toronto part of the time
That's not fat boys it
See I all I did was see the shirt I didn't even see any other part
I knew it was that fat turd what do you want well by the way I got my panther tickets my season tickets yesterday
No parking passes see I'm glad he came in there for a moment
No seriously what kind of crap is that they're trying to get season ticket holders
I get my package yesterday my big package
And no parking passes
Now what was I just saying before that that was a hell of a lot more important until I started pressing in America
And it is because people are uptight right life is so much less stressful in Canada a much less so
Even with the SARS and the blackout in spite of all of these things it's still more laid back and less stressful
It's less stressful in places that have less of whatever we have indoor plumbing
And we have plenty of indoor plumbing in Canada
Yeah
Yeah lots
Well not the part of Canada I was visiting
Well I'm sure I'm going to bring the bodies
They wouldn't let you in any part where they have like indoor plumbing
Oh they let everybody in
Not no mole
WQ I am
Hello
Yes sir
He sounds like me
How you doing welcome back
I just wanted to get a phone number or how I get older
3.05
Uh huh
6.50
Uh huh
0156
Okay they take all the plastic or what
Oh yeah whatever you got
Library card
Library card
Library card is good
Oh okay
Thanks paly
Thank you
WQ I am hello
Retire sir
But not too good today you have to have the rasp
Retire that was him
Oh yeah he was it
WQ I am
How was David Thomas Elmeas
Now the king of the king of Jim Man
Hey do I have to dump that?
Not what
Spend it
I don't know what he said
Speak in English okay talk it a talk walk it a walk
Why don't you listen to the Mohawar David and show we ask he's a pop is old ass 97
He's effing boring
82
I just changed again I hate that
Pop is old ass 98
Effing boring 82 don't give a shmit about 4.50
I do listen he's great 29 10.4%
His muskrats on 2 tight 18 out of 277
277 and we had what before 303 on the uh
Dolphin broadcast that's 580
It's 12 not even 1240
See so even others nobody in town he can knock our poles all he wants that
Daughtering stupid old ass fool he can run around here making a clown out of himself
With his muskrat with his davie uh
His Daniel Boon a thing waving in the breeze I was gonna say davie crocodile
Well what is a davie Boon a Daniel crocodile or Betty Crocker
And with his Betty Crocker hairpiece waving in the breeze whatever he's wearing this week
Why does he why does he he just puts on such a show in here and everybody's talking about him
Right and he'd be like is in denial like oh no everybody loves me
It's that goddamn pipe smoker and act uh well got a guava love and spick
Right we turned everywhere
Yeah we turned everybody against him all
Anybody believe that? No
No Mo WQ I am hello
Hello Neil
Yes sir great to have you back
Uh huh
Hey there's a real interesting article on today's uh fun sentinel website
It's pretty funny mom refuses to pay male stripper for poultry performance
Hmm
Otherwise he didn't live up to her expectations
Yeah yeah I came up a little short I get with a stay they actually assaulted this guy some people went to the emergency room
Other people went to jail. Are you serious? Yeah where what where did this happen?
Wheeling Illinois
Oh wow yeah it's on the Sun sentinel website it's pretty funny um but it's great to have you back and please tell Hank that
Albert Poole holes does not put up unconscious numbers
He does put up unconscionable numbers
I see
Thank you sir
And when your name's to them be sure and stop it conscious dreams you'll like it
I'll see you there
Okay
In fact there's an interesting little Italian restaurant it's called sand what is it called?
Sand
St. Thomas
I know it doesn't sound Italian well they have a state in Argentinian steakhouse and they also have an Italian right next door
Which is pretty good okay and you can sit in there in this a
Trident restaurant and
And of course your people watching everybody's walking up and down the root of S.O.L.E. and the Vormorce
Thoth and across the way is the conscious dreams place when they have
They have seeds and mushrooms and herbs and stuff
Conscious dreams
Well you could bring some spores back no I could not spores. I'm not going to jail for you okay
Especially with all the crap you get down here you don't need any help for me here
We are doing a show in the middle of little Jamaica man in the middle in the middle of crack capital USA
Yeah
And this guy's worried about my brain you some crap crack crack crack back bores
Oh that's a good dropping we need clearance this order off to say spores
That would be great
I think I heard your head on it sports yes
Come on, Muff you can do it just sprinkle some in your hair and then we'll dust your head when you get here okay
Don't forget check out the bee speaking a hair as I'm putting that lovely thing on his head on his big round bowling ball head this morning
And then that picture that that's a beautiful thing with his a muskrat on his head
He hasn't looked that good in a coons age. He's wearing his coonskin cap
Not to mention of course the guy would have pitched in the tent
19 to one you know I I found that yesterday my on my email from Miguel
I thought he was emailing me something about you know the campaign about the vestigial and and it's got like all these
You have to scroll through all these other people that have emailed it to each other like a like a Daisy chain
Chain letter and man like everybody in their brother has the email that and then I finally got to the bottom and it was like
Well worth a trip
19 to one at five sixty WQM maybe if you have kids going back to college very soon
It sure is that time give them one of the comforts of home a new bed from dollar mattress
Just imagine all the things they can do on it by calling one 800 mattress
You can order a new mattress from dollar mattress for your college student and send them up right in that off-campus apartment
That you're probably paying for when you call one 800 mattress this week ask about their low prices on
Certain perfect sleepers a great option for students
Consumers rated certain perfect sleepers a best buy and dollar mattress will give you even better buy as you'd expect
Special student deals on twins and fools great prices on all sizes and comfort levels of
Sirt of bedding too and it doesn't matter where the college student is headed if they're staying in town or headed to
Philly Boston New York Washington the bedding experts at
Dallamaatris can make them feel like they're right at home get that shirt of bed right now by dialing one 800 mattress
They'll give you service like you can't even begin a dream about from the delivery team ranked the best in the universe
When you call dialamaatris at one 800 mattress you pick the day in time of delivery within any two our windows seven days a week from
8 a.m to 10 p.m
In other words when it's convenient for you and your kids will be sleeping well the first night
I've been using them for years and years McGell uses them George uses them anybody with a brain called dialamaatris
With low prices same day delivery free set up and removal
It's easy to see why dialamaatris is ranked the best anywhere in customer satisfaction and please keep in mind that
Everybody gets a student discount too at dialamaatris
So call them right now and do something good for your kids call one 800 mattress
That's one 800 MATTRES or click them on the web at mattress.com for dialamaatris the easy-to-smart way to get you a great night sleep
Coming up tonight on inside the behind the true Hollywood celebrity music biography profile story
They were one of the most creative bands of the 80s
But all that goes out the window when you get a song in a John Hughes movie they were orchestral maneuvers in the dark
Oh wow did you like it to meet mothering mouth? I think so once maybe oh my god
She was so totally my idol
There's just like not one girl that I knew who do not want to be Molly Ringwald the marketing people at inside the behind
Decided to let an ordinary woman who came of age in the 80s conducting interview with Andy Mcluskey of O MD
Well, you see we were really influenced by some of the experimental keyboard bands like craft work. Oh, did you not want to sleep with Andrew McCarthy?
Well, I mean if you were a girl. I mean maybe if you were gay were you gay look?
We talk about the importance of OMD to that hope period could we you were like so lucky to get a song in pretty in pink
I bet you thought like wow I get to meet John Crier
You know he's overlooked, you know, but he was like hot too John Crier was just like as much as the 80s
It's like Andrew McCarthy was it's true. What about the music? Oh, I know every time I hear the beginning of that song
I am like so back there thinking about the movie who did that song anyway?
What you little? Oh
You mean you're free or Kestrel maneuvers in the dark. It's the oldest equation in the music business
Get a song in a movie kiss your career goodbye. It's a big juicy stopping what look at show business tonight
An inside the behind probably still one at five sixty WQ am don't forget how many days left to Lohan Grammys
But third man, I think it's eight. Okay. It's gonna be great and there's only eight
And who may be singing there, but the late
Is an a great that gave a coming on though. Celia Cruz
Look at his zombie fire
You think they're gonna bring her back
Well, they never did barrier. She's still on tour. All right. Let's hear it for Celia
Is
Oh, but he started that I'm so glad I usually only play that first line. Oh, man
Over the top. I mean just out of control
Sounds like a an old Cuban abuela. Mm-hmm probably wasn't old Cuban abuela when he came right down to it
This is disgusting a politically prominent Brooklyn rabbi
Oi use the seven hundred thousand dollar federal grant for disabled preschoolers as his personal ATM
Prosecutor charge yesterday by the way, how about that Pat Turnillo? We had that on our website
Using the money from the teachers union you see all the stuff that he was using all the trips in the
What a piece of crap pat and it comes under he's got the tubes in his nose because he needs oxygen
You know maybe there is a god. No, God anyway getting back to this reby
The charges were leveled against rabbi Milton Balkany the 57 year old director of the bias Yakov girl school in Burrow Park
bias jack-off girl school
Prosecutor said the Department of Housing and Urban Development awarded balcony the grant in December
1999 to build a preschool for disabled children
But Manhattan, U.S. Attorney Jim Comey said ball can't use the money to line his own pocket and reward others
I mean, this is what makes it extra disgusting a federal grant for disabled preschoolers
The rabbi allegedly gave three hundred thousand dollars to a son of law in Israel
Cox a hoist and five thousand dollars to another son of laws import business in Ridgewood in the Queens
Some eighty three thousand dollars allegedly went to other rabbis and Jewish schools and organizations in Brooklyn another 78 grand was on personal bank account
Prosecutors also said balcony used grant money to pay his life insurance premiums credit card bills for dinners and clothing
I'm sure was a kosher of course and personal federal income tax
The French lawyer Benjamin Braffman said his client is innocent
We are confident that we'll be able to demonstrate that now one penny was misappropriated that every dollar was indeed used for the benefit of learning disabled children Braffman said
balcony is known and controversial for his political fundraising prowess
He was dubbed the Brooklyn Bungler in the 1980s for his ability to present candidates with individual donations in bunches
He is supported among others former Mayor Rudy Giuliani and governor George Pataki
So he's a Republican by Cracky generally speaking
New York Daily News probe in 2000 detailed his role in corralling daycare vouchers for families in four Brooklyn Orthodox Jewish communities prompting a federal probe
Questions were also raised several years ago after former Senator Robert Dull helps secure a federal grant for balcony
Dull was running for president of the time and blocking. He was a big fundraiser like I said George Lane Oberolas
Cox a hoist you have no shoes far bison piece of crap you 50 years no questions asked
And you know that guy that was in there with father Gagan. Yeah, put him in the cell. Maybe he can make a visit. What kind of crap is that?
Yeah, I see him. Okay. Why the skinhead? He was molested when he was a kid right?
Just wondering if you didn't talk about it
What is there to say about it? He was a skinhead who was molested by a kid and get revenge and uh, right?
Oh happy day and he was just in there by coincidence. No, of course not. No, of course not. Oh well. Yeah
Well, we just happened to be in there and there was only one guard on duty at the time
And he was out to lunch. Can we get the address so we can send him a fruit basket? He was busy
How many years should they give this rabbit?
At least minimum
Now speaking of a scumbag Jews of Astor from New York
Why don't you listen to the Mohawar David and show?
314 votes. He's a popus old ass 112. He's effing boring 97. I don't give a shmit about sports 52
I do listen. He's great 34 or 10.8 percent. He's great say 10.8 and
He's his muskrat is on too tight 19 all the way at least this morning kind of let his hair down a little bit
I was good
Maybe he's taking my advice
If he would just buy this hair down a bit now we had 400 boxes of 1230
At Brandys and with that big one and two comedy vets hour coming up
Which we'll continue through this week now next week after Labor Day George will be here on Monday because it's Labor Day
And I'll be damned if I'm working on Labor Day and I'm playing all kinds of long. Good. Have a good time
I don't give a fly track whatever. What's per hour great?
But then starting next Tuesday September the tooth
Right
Well, it's got to be the first is Monday it's Labor Day not that huh?
So next Tuesday September 2 we will attempt although that may be a bad mistake
No seriously because there are a lot of people who go away for their last gas summer vacation this week and last week these two weeks are like hopeless
Feel it out. You don't think that's where we don't have to make no commitment
And even if we do we lie a lot we change our minds. We always keep our options open. That's all
I'm not gonna sit here dying anymore. I mean like today has been good
We had a lot of calls only a couple of idiots which is good. We like a couple
So anyway getting back to Brandys I want to pump this hard because you got another hour and seven minutes and
Miguel is there and like I said, I want to pump it hard
From now until two Brandys shoes is the location 1290 North Federal Highway in Pombo Beach between Atlantic and Covins
We thank our friends at Brandys for being a part of this whole thing twice Bradford is there. He'll give you like an autograph
I bet
In fact, he'd be he'd be amazed if anybody took his autograph. He may pay you to take it
You'd be amazed with what how many people care about Troy?
Mm-hmm. He's a great guy. Yes, he is
So you'll never hear me knock Troy's draught for it
I mean every now and then he screws up on the count
But that's because he's in our sales department, but he's as personally he's a wonderful guy
We like Troy a lot. He does care just sometimes, you know, no, and he really is conscientious
I mean, he's a little bit slow
But he's a good guy. So anyway, he's there with Miguel who's not slow, but just paranoid because he's Cuban
And there's free food from Atlantic City subs where I remember makes the difference of those great sub sandwiches
Which you notice I have eaten nothing but the bacon please how he's going to begin tomorrow on Friday, please please
No, I didn't know what that was there was a
Styrofoam container in there because usually it's just those little aluminum foil things and there's a few strips of bacon
I open up that thing
Right, and there's like 700 pieces of bacon in there so I brought it in here figuring out a few
I had to hold them for every every strip
All the white one
Well, but they're there had to be 50
Maybe not blowing, huh?
Maybe 30 man. Yeah, at least there was a lot. I mean, I ate like a russia of bacon and
Then all of a sudden I'm talking to my good close friend from a fast train here this morning and
No, I am glad that you know our conversation at that point was winding up
We talked about all kinds of stuff we ripped Moe and asked I was wondering what the beads of salt performing on your lips
I made a b-line
Magic room and thank goodness nobody was in there. No, no, it was it wasn't aromatic. It was just like quick and powerful
It was like a jodaphrac. It was like a purge. I mean, woo
Talk about heavy duty
Bacon induced when there's a lot of grease a lot of fat and grease in there and
Of course the grease makes like for sliders
So in any way it was great. There's the a total now nine wow. That's pretty good
I will not only make the thousand like I said I want to go for two thousand a day of brandy guy
This is good. I'm telling you this year. We are gonna raise a hundred grand net net for abandoned pet rescue
They do wonderful work. I know there's a lot of other good animal places, you know, and we can't do them all
But I also don't believe of doing like you know a whole bunch of different places need to give one place five grand and three
You know you divide it up. It really doesn't have any impact and
I hate to say this because my mother's probably listening, but and by the way, I'll see you tomorrow or Friday, honey
I'm not going there on Saturday because I'm going you know, I'm not going there
So I'll go there tomorrow or Friday and if you don't like it. I'll see you're one of these days. You know, I want to get around it
Well, I'm good and ready
Now what was I just saying about my what inspired me about?
No, what that was I just saying it was a rescue you were talking about a bad bad about the dogs
Because remember I did the show that day, which I'm embarrassed for doing that show now
That was a show mocha to rip before that was a bad show. I mean it was it was okay, but that was terrible
The dog show and people coming that was that was a terrible show the dog breach
Yeah, that was awful started out
Yeah, I just bad it's crappy radio. That's not my bag. Let's dog smarter. Right. I mean he wanted to rip me for that show
I would have said hey, you know what? Moe you're right on you silly old goose and by the way your hair is falling down
but
I'm thinking about getting a dog
For here or there are no, I can't handle dog where I am. I'm talking about for here
You think I'm going to be the one to clean up dog crap. I'm all done with that
Moshley, let me say John is thinking about getting a dog, but I'll just I'll just you know
I'll just visit him once in a while, you know, I'm the days when he doesn't crap on the floor and the dog too
1257 at 560 WQM VIP sportsbook.com is South Florida's favorite sports book and they've been around here a long time
I bet you're a coon's age and of course this time of year with football season starting all the sports books
They're claiming they're the biggest they're the best and give you a big song in advance
But did you know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica? You might never even see him again
This year move up in class to VIP sportsbook.com VIP sportsbook.com is the oldest the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands
First world integrity English speaking you might even run into some of them in a red light district 100% legal in license to VIP
Former be it conscious dreams VIP sportsbook.com is South Florida's sportsbook
Sign up before the NFL regular season you can bet all the South Florida teams juice free all year long
You want a bet on the fins the fish. It's a hundred to win a hundred you want to bet the Hurricanes
It's hundred to win a hundred so forget about ever having to lay a hundred ten to win a hundred on your home teams
All preseason setups get a 20% cash bonus not some funny money match play bonus or crap like that
VIP sportsbook.com. That's where you'll find them on the net or call them tool free at 1 866 VIP bets
That's 1 866 VIP bets VIP sportsbook book.com where you are the VIP
This is sports where you'll face it. You way yeah
Just the one to two hour it's a phenomenon
Rosanne is back and she's starring in a brand new unscripted reality sitcom sound familiar
Well, it will when you see the Roseborn
You loved her in Rosanne you hated her in her talk show now
You love to hate her in her new reality show the Roseborn
Bites office she weighs as much as Anna Cole and swears as much as Ozzie. She's the one and only
Roseans back in the Roseborns coming soon to ABC
I try network King
Hey, my basic cable I got who lose her eyes. I'm coming after you
I'm
He's bad
I
So many thought I have before with that
Fans are
Starving
It's the most anticipated new book of the year the latest in the Harry Potter series and this time
Author J. K Rowling shocks fans everywhere by killing one of the main characters
Who will it be will it be Hermione will it be Dumbledore will it be Harry himself
Who will be run down by a former priest driving a tan
Viewer can find out when you read Harry Potter and the Bishop of Phoenix on sale now at
Bucks Amelia and Ramazon dot com
I've been to every one
I've been to every
So I'm to find a
Pikachu
You're one freaking Pikachu
I have cried
I have
I
was
One
I
am
But I still
have
any Pokemon
Yeah, I still
can I find any Pokemon
I've been in every store
And I can't find
But the song is so freaking hard
To find Charizard
Where the junior York has a last resort
But they were not at every horse
But I've got a plan
I've got shopped in Japan
Cause I still have
And found any Pokemon
No
No I still
Last night I dreamt of
Can say go
Just like he never let my side at all
I'd wait with hope
They can say go
He showed me
Just how to handle the ball
I should always stay how to vote
The back of breath was kind of vote
I took off my clothes
He kept on his plea does
I miss coming round their base
And sliding into his face
Get the shower with Jose
Must finish the live-on
Now in a supermarket near you
Caned Millie Vinyl
Yes Millie Vinyl is in concert
Lipsinking to pre-recorded music tracks
It's all canned
At about 20 bucks a concert ticket
You'll pay premium prices for canned Millie Vinyl
Redelabel
Caned Millie Vinyl is all artificial
It's all hair and no talent
Hopefully it'll have a short shelf life
Caned Millie Vinyl at your local supermarket
In the fruit section
Just look for the wrapper with the dreadlocks
Now we're up to our long distance dedication
And this one is about kids and pets
And a situation that we can all understand
Whether we have kids or pets or neither
It's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio
And here's what he writes
Dear Casey, this may seem to be a strange dedication request
But I'm quite sincere and it'll meet a lot if you play it
Recently there was a death in our family
He was a little dog named Snuckles
But he was most certainly a part of us gonna start again
From coming out of the record
Play the record, okay?
Please
See when you come out of those up-tempered damn numbers, man, is impossible to make those transitions
And then you gotta go into somebody dying
You know, they do this to me all the time
I don't know what the hell they do it for
But damn it, if we can't come out of a cell record
I don't understand it, is down on the phone
Okay, I want a damn concerted effort to come out of a record that isn't a f***ing up-tempo record every time I do a f***ing deaf dedication
Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week
It's a god last f***ing damn time
I want somebody who uses f***ing brain to not come out of a f***ing damn record
That's up-tempo and I gotta talk about a f***ing jaw dying
Boy, this f***ing ponderous, man
Ponderous f***ing ponderous
I've broken through her bedroom window
And by the end, she did my wick
Now what I did, I knew, was a dribbler
But that ain't no to do if you play for the fish
Against my girlfriend forgot to tell me
That another bitch was someone else's wife
A friend, a servant of them was being innocent
And I found out when it changed me with a knife
Why didn't that bitch tell me?
It was too dark to see
She'd be in bed with her own bed
And that's killed the bitch, not the bitch, you know, bail me down
Absolutely
109 at 560 WDQM, happy Wednesday 2
We got 351 votes on our second poll, not too shabby, I would say
Why don't you listen to the Mohawar David to show that's our poll question
They were trying to find out how come most everybody hates him like poison
He's a pompous old ass, 126
He's effing boring 113
I don't give a shmit about sports 57
I do listen to his grade 359.9
And his muskrats on 2-Tight 20
Speaking of people with muskrats, don't forget to check out the beast on our website
And speaking of the beast, he will say this, I don't see him much eaten, I don't see him eating this stuff from how he's
Well, we will, you know how fat people are, you're sneaky, you sneak it in
Yeah
Like Clarence said, he likes to sneak it in when the beast ain't looking
Anyway, the beast is back on balance for like the reason being because he realized that it's gonna save his life
He went off the wagon there for a little while, his parents were trying to kill him
And he said, I screw you guys, I'm gonna go back on this black sack
And that's what it's all about, the little black sack
Remember the little black brown coupe?
No
We got the song in there, little brown coupe
Well, you gotta have your little black sack from balance for life because that's the key to losing weight
All the food you need for the entire day is in your black sack and they delivered right to your door
By 6 o'clock in the morning, at your work, at your home, at your pup tent, where you're pitching a tent, wherever the hell you're hanging out
There's no cooking, no shopping, no cleaning, no worries, no calorie counting, no nothing
They do all the work for you
And the weight just melts off your body and believe you me when I tell you, with three gourmet meals and two delicious nacks in the sack
What I say, two nacks in the sacks, snacks in your neck, back
There's plenty of food in there to keep you full all day long, keep you going, you won't be starving on this program, believe me
And you have a little menu you fill out once a week, those are the only choices you have to make
You choose between two alternatives for each meal and snack every day, and it's your own program
And that's it, and they deliver it right to your door and it's delicious, made with the freshest, the best ingredients too
So you'll start seeing results almost immediately if you call balance for life
Call them today and finally once and for all, get rid of that excess weight and get into better shape too
Call 9-5-4-568-3229
9-5-4-568-3229, or get all the information about their program on their website, balanceforlife.com
Live and local, here's for 20-5-60-2-8-2-8-1
I'm scared
I might use it as a baseball bat, but my true rules out, both of us
All right
I choose out, in and where I'm
I choose, fight, yes, release
No constriction, feel no good
See you around your neighborhood
Well, I got no class
And I got no principles
And I got no intelligence
Discrack down out of my mind
I choose out, both of us
I choose out, in and where I'm
I'm at your boat, call, release
Hahaha
The Xbox though
A
I am a stealier, a victim, I have a fact.
Popsin' won't get stole, I breath. Jesus, fix that back.
Jesus, face it, super, if we never shut up, choke.
Popsin' won't get stole, no more. We should choke, choke.
The pope's power to dump. God gave him the grass.
The pope's power to dump. He likes his bugamad.
The pope's power to dump. He's a gloomy head.
The pope's power to dump. The pope's power to dump.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
We're checking to win a deal.
We should fake safe, fella, watch that.
Chills for cats and take up hell.
Our knives just got it, Johnson.
Token, children, that ain't choked.
Four ain't proven, hope.
First and shot can be a choke of marijuana, smoke.
The pope's power to dump.
God gave him the grass.
The pope's power to dump. He likes his bugamad.
The pope's power to dump. He's a gloomy head.
The pope's power to dump. The pope's power to dump.
Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
The pope is getting higher.
I'm higher. I'm higher.
I'm higher. I'm higher.
I'm higher. I'm higher.
The pope's power to dump. He likes his bugamad.
He likes his bugamad. He likes his bugamad.
He's a gloomy head.
The pope's power to dump. The pope's power to dump.
The pope's power to dump. He likes his bugamad.
He likes his bugamad. He likes his bugamad.
Take that.
Take that.
He likes his bugamad.
He likes his bugamad.
Alcatel.
Alcatel.
Slippin' them on fire. Alcatel.
So it on the TV.
The grand and more exact.
Those laundry heads must all be smoking crack.
I got a funny feeling.
They won't be too inject.
No.
Alcatel.
Hey, wait.
Alcatel.
Alcatel.
Ready, aim, fire.
Alcatel.
Blow my palm.
Blow my palm.
Blow my palm.
Blow my palm.
Blow my palm.
Alcatel.
Today.
Alcatel.
Alcatel.
Welcome to Temptation Island.
And there they are.
Direct from the motor city.
Motown.
The sweet sounds of the temptation.
Come sit down, relax at the Temptation Tiki bar.
Sit down on the leather capsule.
Or head on over to the eight-two-proud of vague thunders.
With a lady, vague freely.
And if you happen to get separated and you know because it's a big place.
And you lose your baby on Temptation Island, you can go over to the...
Since I lost my baby, lost and found.
And it's not, don't worry.
Because there are plenty of lovely ladies all around.
Oh and guys, when you're done shaking, they can on the beach rolling around in the sand with your lady.
And you head on over to the guys shower.
Just don't look back.
That's right, you roam with the fool.
Temptation Island.
Be the mapper and the scuba flatly accepted.
Who's that group of Muslims?
Helping terrorists.
It's a bunch of backward-thinking fundamentalists in the Taliban.
Who are those fanatics?
The adults feel with hate.
If you're caught stealing, it's your handle and you hate the Taliban.
The Taliban can.
The Taliban can cause the rule of Afghanistan but there are up to no good.
A Taliban man, he doesn't give a damn about his country's starving masses.
Show us where the Kiberpasses, so we can go and kick their asses.
Welcome.
Who keeps on the women, covered at the toll?
It could be Osama under there, you'd never know the Taliban.
The Taliban can.
The Taliban can cause the rule of Afghanistan but there are up to no good.
I didn't know you liked to do it in the rapids mode.
That's a man like Dignando.
And I like men.
Don't hit me with that horn.
What?
Did you think this thing was a good look?
No, I just watched this horrible video.
Let me get a good look at you.
I'm going to get a fence over the sea.
It's a fence over the sea.
It's a fence over the sea.
Well, you can push me over, boy.
Why?
What is going on?
No way.
We're heading for a waterfall.
You can take a bullet but don't trick.
Why not?
We're on shore.
Yeah, the wood.
And not a fighting message got me in too.
Yeah, let's see who dropped in here, Jam.
Hey, fellas, Dylan.
I'm Georgie.
That's my uncle, sister, Jam.
Howdy.
And this here's my brother and my pal, Martha.
I heard it.
Mama named us after all.
All the bushes in honor of the greatest president in this country ever had.
George Washington, Bush.
Well, it's real nice meeting you and I.
You ain't doing anywhere, sister.
Oh, see?
Here are my good Christian friends.
Drop your jersey and get on your knees.
You two, girl, friends.
But wait, I'm a boy.
You sure sound funny, but I like your lips.
Don't you?
No!
No!
That pipe down.
Now they you'll get used to it.
George, George.
No, no, no, no.
Yeah, you'll be feeling like a woman in no time.
I got a bad tip.
You get the hurt.
I suppose you want me to steal now, huh?
Don't cheat, how you gonna?
You're not gonna put that on me.
I'm going to put that on me.
I'm going to put that on me.
This is the Neal Roger Show.
This is your brain.
Any questions?
Forget Bored Shorts and Speedos if you want to get noticed on the beach.
Show up with a Sandy Johnson.
Sandy Johnson swimwear from men.
As the latest looks to get you noticed.
That's because every Sandy Johnson swimsuit comes with real beach sand sewn right in the
crotch.
So when you walk the leg of down the beach, everyone will know you got a Sandy Johnson.
And for gals, there's Sandy Gapswimwear.
Where it is, Tuddy Thong, and you'll know why it's a Sandy Gapswim suit.
Sandy Johnson and Sandy Gaps are available only at the gap.
Let's go to the head!
Water, 14 feet above the keel.
It's like I pick a wrong week.
Quick smoke.
In a forky.
In all three holes.
And in boardroom six.
It's like I pick a wrong week.
Quick drink.
When can we get on the way, dammit?
Get that finger out of your ear.
You don't know where that finger's been.
That's five compartments and it looks like a big tile and all.
She can say it flows.
With a first four compartments, briefs, but not five.
I'm the barber at Stairway.
Not five.
The leg I pick a wrong week when I'm fed a beach.
The water will spill over the tops of the bulkheads.
There's no stopping.
Get heat!
Get the fire in the barn.
From this moment no matter what you do.
Me, John.
Big three.
Titanic.
We'll find her.
I just want to tell you both good luck.
We're all counting on you.
Well, I believe you may get your headlines from Mr. Smith.
There's a sale at pennies.
Jack, I want you to draw me like one of your French girls.
Where's this?
Where did you get that dress?
It's awful on those shoes and that coat.
Jeez!
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure.
That's all the little too close.
Here's not all this just a little too long.
But while they've grown in,
I've built them on each other.
And here's got a really big travel travel.
The public's cream if they let it out.
Here's got a really big travel travel.
Fishing for gold.
They got a really big travel travel.
Fishing for gold.
Fishing for gold.
They're all crazy.
They're all crazy.
They're all crazy.
They're all crazy.
They're all crazy.
When the child becomes a ship of war
When the squad of back gets lonely
He likes receivers that are wise
Some people say that number rate is gay
They say Troy loves the big brown egg men
He goes down on his knees, Eggman
His guy's he likes to please Eggman
He loves to snap cowboys on their behind
Rack them
I can't some balls to squeeze Eggman
Don't let him cause he likes it from behind
Look at the age head
My current memories be disobey
Put your pens on me
So age head
I can no longer be cause you see my prostate
We're not meeting
But still I think I'm 23
I know dated I found 82
And I've got to keep my teeth healthy
And with you
Yeah I'm so aged
But I can still keep rocking you
Listen former bath president of the United States Al Gore
I've recently poked my head out of the shadows of oblivion to take pot shots at the president
I have reappeared
Much like Puck's the Tony Phil, the groundhog creature that reappears each year to determine
whether or not we'll have an early spring
I wish it to be known, but it was I who was responsible for saving the lives of those
nine minors in Pennsylvania over the weekend
I had asked the media to keep my name out of it as not to appear a spotlight hog
However, I feel the American people have a right to know the truth
Here's what happened
Upon hearing of this unfortunate accident
I will race to the thing
I lowered myself into the mine using an old Ron Popeo pocket fisherman and some bailing wire
Down, down, down into the depths of darkness I think
Never thinking of my own safety, but rather of the safety of those men on the ground
When I reached the miners they said to me
Hey, you're the guy that invented the internet, right?
I said yes
We all had a Mike's heart lullaby made, which I brought with me down into the hole
And then we sat around and reenacted the fart thing from blazing saddles
I thought you should know the truth
And now, much like the groundhog creature Puck's the Tony Phil, I'll flink back into the darkness of oblivion until I am needed again
This is Al Gore, sleeper hero
Oh my God
Don't lie, all the Harper
Don't go down every time I see
Don't go down every time I see
That retard it didn't win
Don't go down all my TV
He's President of the ****
Rap out the kid muscle in, and in our kingdom in India
I don't know why they would want this guy, but not easy
First person in four years
With President Thumb's ****
Oh what I get to know both were small
And get to we all voted for
Why?
Here you want this
Don't go down every time I see
That retard it didn't win
And this drunk in rich kid
Don't go down easy even
Some are them me
Rap out the kid's President Thumb's ****
Yeah, don't care what it's up
You got a man by her front
Roll up the Christian
Roll it on, what's best
You and I will have no fear
We've got a great leader
With President Thumb's ****
President Thumb's ****
President Thumb's ****
President Thumb's ****
Thumb's ****
My life and locals
This is 4.2560
You ain't way, you ain't way
When they 10 may call me Melanoma
I 10 until I'm almost in a coma
How Y E my amy
And they never ever use any sunscreen
Sun with me, 10 with me
Hope you don't mind I'm a little freckling
If I hear the sun till we get Melanoma
I think like a bun you can smell the aroma
Our lights are all on, but there's nobody home
Hey Melanoma
I spend the day at work planning
That when I get off I go tanning
I get naked and fake fake kids
How much longer is my skin gonna take it?
My astrologist and numerologist have to help me find a dermatologist
If I'm in the sun till we get Melanoma
We bake like a bun you can smell the aroma
Our lights are all on, but there's nobody home
Hey Melanoma
We lie in the sun till we get Melanoma
We bake like a bun you can smell the aroma
We've got lots on our skin bigger than a mesh redoma
Hey Melanoma
Hey Melanoma
We don't care if we get Melanoma
We've got the best tan from here to Arizona
We're glad we don't have genital condoloma
Hey Melanoma
Hey
Hey Melanoma
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Hey
Gay guys got your back remember of that
Cause that's where we're looking for love
It's where you're cracked that
The sped a shell by me and fake cheek
I got left face on hair and been a lezzly
It's an old make fun don't poke your nose
That's a queer cake boy life silent joke
Stop your gay jokes and start being silent
Cause you might get a taste of homosexual violence
Cause we don't play your butt's my target
Like a dog in a territory
You're a gay market
When you feel with a ray band bomb
We're just buying the parts that we want to get our hands on
We are the F-A-G sets her.
We know both the traitor.
Don't you forget.
We are the F-A-G.
Really all that hard to swallow.
Shulton's saving for me.
Let me see you just prance with me.
Just prance with me.
Now slide.
Ooh, right there.
I'm gonna see you do some waste then.
Oh, perfect.
Make drizzling.
That's it, baby.
Just, ugh.
Whoa.
Now look what you went and did.
Oh, I gotta wipe this off.
Oh, gee, because it's everywhere.
Shulton's saving for me.
Somebody have a moist towel.
Okay, look, let's cut this crap out.
You're no duty, Garland.
Let's go.
This is your old man.
Ow, he's getting mad.
All right now, everybody get around.
The candy man's here.
What kind of protest do you want?
Sitting, loving, anything you want
as long as it's non-violent.
You've come for the right man because
I'm the candy man.
Boom.
Boke the organize a boy car.
All the bells of my car
Turn the other cheek
Turn the other cheek
Put that the blade up
Rub for both of real and for a week
The candy man
The candy man
Oh the candy man
The candy man
The candy man
Cause he mixes it with love
And it's the system of revenge
Pull this part down just long
But let's just blow
We're even worse than trees
But even worse than trees
Who can make his own clothes
Not afraid to cause the scene
The candy man
The candy man
Oh the candy man
Oh the candy man
Oh the candy man
Cause he mixes it with love
And it's the system of revenge
The candy man
And the same concerns
That he represents
Masked him to six and Asians
All the other religious persuasions
What a very few part Asians
Hope can really take a big
Take a big
Take a big
Take a big
Take a big
Put the mask
Without the dinner
Or a black restore
The candy man
The candy man
Oh the candy man
Oh the candy man
The candy man
Cause he mixes it with love
And it's the system of revenge
Yes the candy man
And cause he mixes it with love
And it's the system of revenge
Oh the candy man
Oh and the orphan
King of Catholic resistance
You're the better to do what I say
Or I swear
I will start myself today
Now that he is on the ticket
Here onward
Governor's all we hear
Yeah
If he's voted in, there'll be a big change
You're gonna feel the burn
You'll feel the pain
Yeah
The laws he plans to pass
Include
Want to pump you up like a blue
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Tell me
Tell the whole thing I hear you curse
You'll love me, I'll miss you
Never see the kids
We'll get them training
The lunch boxes will not be waiting
Tell me
That I vote for a movie star
Me and Chess with the heavy bars
I hope you're ready
For a gun
A gunless watch
Link around here
150, 10, 2, 5, 60, W.
We got 1400 today over at Brandy's
Not too bad, not shabby
For abandoned pet rescue
You can still catch him over there
Nice ten minutes if you're in the hood
If you hurry
417 votes on the Polespear
Not too shabby
That's our second poll of the day
Why don't you listen to Moe Howard
David in the morning
He's a pompous old ass
151 he's effing boring
129 I don't give a shit about
Sports 74
I do listen he's great
49.5%
And his muskrats on
2.23
Speaking of Brandy's there's a lot of good reasons to go to Brandy's
Not just today but any day
There are 1290 North Federal Highway and Poppano Beach open
Daily 99 some days 10-5 there
The numero uno shoe store in South Florida
They've been doing a great for you for over 25 years
And the reason that they're still around is because they give you a tremendous selection
Unbeatable prices, personal friendly service to make sure you get a perfect fit every time
And this week it's the end of the summer sale
30-50% off on all famous brands at Brandy's
Rock ports which you'll find Brandy's has more styles than anybody else in town
S.A.S the largest selection in South Florida
New balance all sizes from narrow to wide are in stock weighted to slap on your foot
And Floreshine with over 4,000 pair in stock right now
They're unbeatable for you and your feet Brandy shoes in Poppano Beach 1290 North Federal Highway
Stock you've got dog sled runs you should lose with guns what a way to entertain
And you fish for ice you think hockey's nice cause it's played without a brain
Who can I die who knows you give me my all star game I want it's back now
The space falling Canada makes me a blue child
We're down in Jamaica in the catapene they got the best herb that you ever seen
Ask anybody in that table or wood they tell you district country where the gun's a beautiful
Rustamman has some he want to sell and from a mile away you can detect the smell of smoke
Smoke guns a smoke smoke he light pop display fan talk smoke guns a smoke smoke smoke smoke guns a smoke smoke
The gun's you're good you take care of lots of herb in the gun and sack
Smoke it every day until your lobsters like with all the money that we have made
Jamaica doesn't need any foreign aid American tourists home here and say got nothing like this in the USA they smoke
Smoke guns a smoke smoke they light pop display fan talk they begin to pop and choke smoke guns a smoke smoke
They're here they gun you're good
Mama tell her son you are an ostomans you like to smoke the giant slip whenever you can
Many people coming here for miles around to buy the work for you buy the ounce and they pound
Rustamman say to her mama you like the gun you're good tonight and then they smoke smoke guns a smoke smoke they light pop display fan talk
Smoke guns a smoke smoke smoke guns a smoke smoke smoke they gun you're good
Jamon
I got warped they're called suppliers
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Oh
Yeah
We love those things down there
Can't feel hard I'm hang on you
Get in the heart, get in the tank
Go see the later man
And get those guys that think of you
And it's so long I'm in the back down here
I got the devil work
I will have the devil work
I will have the devil work
I will have the devil work
I will have the devil work
I will have the devil work
To f świ oc
Bye, bye, bye.
Akite go to check the Roger show on 5-6
