Hey, by the way, Moe quit sucking around Joe. He says you don't want no party. He hates you like poison
But I'm listening
Hey, Moe, Joe hates you like poison
Oh-oh-oh-oh
Contact you
Row in my life. You said it's world potato
Because I've been looking around
When excuse to explain my words
Hey
You can't recognize me
Hey, great
My daughters have leached out my endless need
And I keep children around
And they sleep inside my bed
Are you sure?
People say that I am gay
That is why I marry you
Some are really
It's great to wait to come and take
With this song
That's really bad
Blame it on my child
You've turned out all those toys
That I never had
The only chance I show in my life
With my children and I'm using them
Before you judge me
And call me free
Let me find and hug
And say
Let's go, Muria, look at me
I blame it on my child
That damn fat guy, I can't stand it
10-03-560 WQM Happy Wednesday to you
Boy, I'm going to tell you there are certain little group of people
Without whom we'd never have anything to talk about
You know what?
Yeah
We didn't have Boza to clown there as president
Who just made that embarrassing speech in London
To a fixed house
If we didn't have Michael
Michael
Talk about
We didn't have Rosio Dona
Right, there's only about like 10 people
It's always been this way
Our good friend Howard
I didn't know which Howard you were talking about
And then of course
Don't forget
Recent
Helmines
Helmines
Okay, that's enough for you, Rach. Good on you.
Small potatoes
Michael Jackson reportedly sought for arrest on child molestation charges
Popstar Michael Jackson has been accused of multiple counts of child molestation involving a 12-year-old boy
And a ward has reportedly been issued for his arrest, says ABC News
The official documents in the case have been sealed
Because it involves a minor insensitive charges
But court TV says, citing anonymous sources, that a Santa Barbara County, California judge cited a rest warrant for Jackson
Between 60 and 70 investigators from the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Department of the DA's office
Carried out a search warrant yesterday morning at the 45-year-olds
45, can you believe that?
Yeah
Well, here's the queen, seriously, if she don't look like the mad hat or where that hat or the purple hat
No, I'm serious, nobody wears that hat like that
It's a real nice hat, come on
Oh, come on, all the mad hat or in Malice and Wonderland wore a piece like that
There's the queen with George
She says, oh, if you think of the only queen in this house, you've mistaken. Anyway
Between 60 and 70 investigators and the DA's office, carried out a search warrant yesterday morning at the 45-year-old singer's home in the Santa Inez Valley official
Said they spent several hours at the ranch
Court TV's Diane Diamond said law enforcement sources told her and the rest warrant had been issued
Which would allow Jackson to be put in handcuffs in all 50 states
Oh, right, yeah, don't we want to see that?
Yeah, I do
The search was part of an ongoing criminal better late than never, land
The search was part of an ongoing criminal investigation sergeant Chris Papis said in the statement
But authorities declined to elaborate they plan to hold a news conference today
Papis denied an arrest warrant had been issued but if court TV says it, you know damn well, right?
They don't mess with the truth, right?
Brian Oxman, who was represented the Jackson family members, the pastor of the investigation involved a molestation allegation
He said the investigation is about a 12-year-old boy devolves a molestation allegation and maybe masturbation at the station
Oxman said in the statement sheriff deputies have been investigating the case for musters in an ambulance that's already come and gone
Well, what's that all about an ambulance?
I don't know. Maybe bubbles are ruptured something. Did he die?
No, actually bubbles got too old for him. See if anything gets...
I'm not joking about that. I was in that book the unauthorized biography of a pitiful
There's a forensics van on the scene. Here we go again. He said this is insane, said Mr. Oxman
Jackson spokesman steward backerman told ABC News that Oxman was not authorized to make official statements on the singer's behalf
And a statement released the last night Jackson officials represented said he didn't know what the investigation was about
But that the entertainer would cooperate with authorities backerman can then the malignant hoard of media hounds
Those brownie hounds who claim to have the inside pooped scoop
A rogue's gallery of hucksters and self-styled inside sources have dominated the away-sense reports of a search in Everland broke
Speculating and by the way, I don't think there is any search all those pictures we just seen I think it's like we're the head of the man on the moon
Don't you? Sure, why not?
It's a hoax. Hoax. This is the big hoax
So anyway, Michael Jackson may wind up in handcuffs to which we say, yeah, long long overdue
Anybody buying that he's the daddy of those baby? No. No. The him and Lisa Marie ever. No, no chance. Not a Chinaman
Chance and I noticed Johnny cock me now. It didn't take this story wasn't even Luke warm yet
Before already there were starting like a king last night on channel surf and there's our good buddy Larry
And he's got his panel there's what's your name Nancy Grace and all these other regrave robbers are there?
Well, you know Michael listen Michael and they're starting all over again. So like I said, thank you Betty Betty Muff
Thank you to Ilyon and Maris Grissiass and all of those people
Because otherwise what though would we have to talk about right? Hey man?
Because the public doesn't care about all the important stuff and we know that like a rack like that
Like the fact is all these innocent people dying every day of all shapes and sizes and varieties for no reason at all
Based on a bunch of bull crap lies. Yeah, they're Arabs
Now I'm talking about the herbs and the Americans and the Brits and whoever else and innocent people
Anyway 1229 votes now. I want to say this Eric
You're doing a great job on our website, but I have a feeling I could be wrong
I have a feeling either Eric there's only one or three possibilities
Okay, all right because it started on Saturday
I noticed either Eric has done something different on my stats page there so that the measuring that hits on our website
Everything is like a different thing which he hasn't have it at doing that when at least expected
Either that happened or after for well God can the audience is gone. That's the number two possibility
Or number three everybody's bailed out of town because of the FDA a
Everybody's just left because you keep telling me that when you're driving in there's no traffic normal this week
No, there hasn't been a lot of it and it's too early for people to be going away for Thanksgiving
Now I do notice in the October trend that we talked about yesterday that the sports nerds man today rule or what?
Absolutely wow six three in the morning
In men we had a six five afternoons a seven nine so our run has I mean we were number one in our time slot
But our run is rule of the worst on the station is over and I'm glad I'm glad to see that I hope it continues
You know what I mean? Okay, no, it's too I mean as long as we're number one we get the bonuses what are we care?
It's too much for us to let the man dog in a hopper are curious for while let them mode do it then we've been said let for well
Nobody can't do it. He's not here no more. I'd be nice to get that station overall bonus time
Well, we're still number one and men right still a five six number one and men baby Q a m
So that's the rest of the world we know I think it's time to do take a moment catch your breath. Yeah, that's it. Don't you think?
What's that from? Huh? Is that one of those jingles? The next group is more great stuff from Pam's that yeah, that's that jingles thing
But I like the way he says take a moment catch your breath. Yeah, that's what Greg ought to do before he hires anybody else. God. Just take a deep breath and sit back before he gets so carried away with your sports craft.
We asked yesterday what was the number one bad idea of last century now we're getting a ton of votes on our polls because the first one we did yesterday
What was the first one about Joe Rosen and it wasn't even worded properly. We left out we're I'm listening to both I like to for all that I'm listening to Joe
And let me say to get more Joe hates you quit sucking around Joe is complaining bitterly in a hallway
And George can verify this he was a spy that Moe keeps coming in there sucking around it doesn't get the message
He don't want nothing to do with the mole my street doesn't want to smell him. He doesn't want to see me doesn't want to pet his muskrat
He don't want to any part of that old part he invaded the show. Yeah, he invaded the show. He don't want you in there. He's only got two hours for Christ
He will coot stay the hell out of there quit inviting yourself in man a man who came to dinner and wouldn't leave
We asked what was the number one bad idea the last century 1229 votes United Nations creation of Israel in the middle of a billion people who hate them
213 that was the worst idea
But I think that road map is
Then we had a really good battle for second place the supreme court stopping the Florida whole count the 2000 election
192 people said that was a bad idea and the mole my steer gave him a nice run for their money
Absolutely
Even the hanging chads had a like a run like hell to stay away from oh WQA I'm giving Mohawar David at his own show
184 very strong with respectable third place nice going low give it to us all the crap you can unwrap he's got it
Secret service in 63 for going the limo bubble top in Dallas 88 and let's see today's Wednesday Saturday's the 40th anniversary of November 22
US Congress impeaching Bill Clinton for lying about blowjob 78 Hitler opening a second front against Russia's 70 Al Gore picking Jew Lieberman for running mate
61 Lyndon Johnson escalating US involvement in Vietnam 51. How come that didn't have more?
Chris Darden let's have OJ try and then gloves 45 US Congress passing for a vision
41 not a good idea
Marsher Clark allowing in the nearly an all black jury 38 in the OJ case red socks owner selling Babe Ruth to the Yankees to finance the Broadway show 37 and they've never recovered
Neville Chamberlain Munich agreement peace on our time 31 we left off Kissinger pieces in our hand in Vietnam remember that yeah
said peace in our hand didn't say a piece of what even though we could smell it. I think he was talking about Nixon
I think he was talking about Dick Nixon Neville Chamberlain we just did that 31 the FCC deregulating the broadcast industry they butchered they killed it for us 29 thank you assholes
Coca-Cola changing its recipe 28 it's a classic under comp Pepsi
lawmakers creation of nap to 19 in dear regard they I'm sure the six will make excellent bodyguards eight syndicators giving magic Johnson TV show six Fox Network Chevy Che show six and Ford Motor Company the
Edsel sucking hind wind in last place with four that was a good poll thank you Sean and Hollywood thanks to everybody who sends in their poll suggestions we got a
period today we got two polls first what about these fact of these gay marriages which will get to momentarily see and then took an
interesting poll and even though you see these national poll results they're online poll I thought was pretty damn
interesting which will get to momentarily and later we're going to do that thing about is Britney Spears really a good role model for your
daughter why not why how about how about a good role model for somebody else's daughter damn there you go
there you go for everybody else's daughter but not yours 10 13 at 560 WQ and hey you know I was just they
showed that KFC thing on CNN before you heard a little bit of it and they're talking about low carbs everybody is
talking about low carbs because just about everybody in the world is on some kind of a low carb diet they realize that
refined carbohydrates kill too many of man bad for you and that's why you love the lights of West Bokka because it's an
entire story devoted to you people who are smart enough to realize that refined carbs be bad everything they have in
the stories either low carb or no carb or sugar free they got champion like drinks and five delicious flavors
they're back walnut brownies by control carb sudden to like chocolate chip cookies they got bagels and
bread cheesecakes and muffins brownies chocolates pasta sauces chips dip soups ketchup that great
carbolite ice cream with almost no carbs individual size cheesecakes and four flavors quick and easy cup of soups control
carb brownies and seven different flavors just chocolate vanilla egg creams blood stoked mints Judy's low carb peanut
brittle and La Nuba jam seven gourmet flavors to jam on and lots more stuff over a thousand items and stock you
can try any of me for your buying that's great and they're open every day seven days a week from 10 to 10 and
also every day the actin's products are on sale all day every day at at the Delights of West Bokka you'll find
them on the North East corner glades in 441 next to Boston market for more info you can call that tool free number
one eight seven seven low carb that's L.O.W don't forget the WCAR B low carb run the web it's low
carb dot com for all you low carb fanatics out there you'll love this store D. Light's a West Bokka your official
atkins retail center don't fall down by my and look all this is 420 by 60
you're clueless right now Bill I don't like it unique in a horror
I'm a tow Bt heck till the nil and chill I live version unique cows you're run and GE
oh
mc i world time beggar and bot's tail are in here Mickey oh
10 long ground and root Carl Island the Rendon group murder Doc Spock news and Reuters on your move oh
choice point democracy by gated based technologies Chuck Aagles eyes old blocking out your vote
George Bush is a liar
sure it's going 9 11 for a global empire George Bush is a liar
can't easily on a lead get by house I keep fire
Dick Cheney Wolf will which Richard Pearl another dick Andrew Card Carl Robin mark right to kick co
feel push get push George P and daddy Bush pressed a ninkle lump and no well not to mention
Marvin trader Bob no fact stabs the I.A in the back runs well says all is well another soldier
outspoken democrat in the mail they get interact on a hand well sewn that before their time
George Bush is a liar yeah I call this corporate me oh
cargo that's in hard on George Bush is a liar and the sinister media as you believe in it
George Bush is a liar the song is something that'll never get on to your channel
George Bush is a liar the trader and the lady in the criminal piece
George Bush is a liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar
1019 at 560 W.D.C. I'm happy Wednesday you know I just realized it's Wednesday George
and you know when you're like that what are we doing oh we're doing a big special one to two
our cuz it's Wednesday are we ever dropping at baby oh wait Michael Jackson tried to drop that
baby board not dropping it you could do a Michael Jackson block I'm a girl said that
call from Miami and line six is movie important to see what better take it before I do that the
first poll today here's Miami hello Miami all right he was right yeah I told you
movie important day I told you that it won't ready for me let's try pember pines that'll be
better hello hey now sir you let off one main thing on your poll yesterday what was our
creation of the irs yeah that's a good a good bad idea yep all next time yep next
already thanks pal and hey up yeah let's see now see it and took a thing on our website a
poll last night which ordinarily pay no attention those because they're a dime a dozen but they
had over two hundred and seventeen thousand votes just a little more than we usually get and the
question was crap do you well my other question now whether you agree with the should not and
here's the question I remember it now should the Massachusetts legislature pass legislation to
make game-merge legal 217 thousand plus votes 44 percent said yes 56 percent said no so these
stats that they're giving you nationwide about well only 30 a 5 percent and like 60 I think
they're saying 34 to 65 percent like two thirds of the country are against it now granted 44 to 56
isn't that close but it certainly a lot closer than they would lead you to believe they lead you
believe that most everybody lives like an abelene Texas or something and some kind of a
the end of the thought big it you know or everybody lives in Dave County in the country
and as a result is pointing fingers at bullgarons and madacos and all this other crap you know
obsessed with that factory they're not because most people are too worried about their own goddamn
lives right if you ask me I could be wrong here's our first poll today what's your take on game
marriage is a no way god didn't create Adam and Steve why should I care absolutely absolutely
everyone should have equal rights civil unions are okay but not marriage and only for members of
the priesthood while I had to put a little bit of a very little boy we don't want to get too heavy
duty do we they don't want to marry each other and we certainly don't want to put nothing about
neverland and they're because that would be bad taste it gets my grip michael says it's really bad
taste especially if they're over the age of 12 that michael's action thing man that should have
people just foaming it them out long overdue so you can get away for a while michael you can
fake your way through but the bottom line is we're on the other one I heard nobody wants any more
of your stupid records nobody wants to go buy your crap that your peddler nobody wants to see that
grotesque push and so I started to say before that the johnny cock ring was sticking his nose into
this again every time michael jackson services johnny cock ring force a habit I guess has to open
up a push the only difference being that I guess he forgot to take a look recently see because johnny's
always coming to the defense of black guys usually who are guilty is like oh jay yeah but oh jay's
a little bit blacker than michael if you catch my drift like a black on the inside is that what it is
he's dark on the inside I guarantee that I won't say it's like what evil he's evil is what he is
well let's see we got a few votes on there already this is pretty promising 21 votes popped up
immediately what's your take on game images absolutely everyone should have equal rights nine
only for members of the priesthood four why should I care three civil unions okay but not
marriage three and no way god didn't create adamant thief two I love the people to say that that's
why I put it on god didn't create adamant thief it's always the ones who are the most
limperisted who are talking like that more like adamant eddie would be good you know adamant eddie
little problem over here in england or don't have palace wants to investigation today and how it
hired a journalist with a fake reference to be one of the servants assigned to serve president
bushes party boy don't sound of it isn't no it doesn't get the daily mirror newspaper claiming
you have exposed a security breach it buck and i am pala said its reporter be given full access
to queen lizvets residents on his first day on a job two months ago the mirror said reporter
ryan perry had been due to serve breakfast this morning the key bush aids because now it's like
three in the afternoon over there it said perry quit his job as a royal footman at midnight
twos day we're keeping told this is the biggest security operation of all time it seems to me
to beg her belief oh don't you love the way they talk bugger it seems to me to bugger belief
that we could get to a situation as we did last night where our journalist was detailed with serving
breakfast on the presidential floor this morning and at the state banquet tonight i'll see
that i think they got the bushes confused one and two because this this bush hadn't been on the
floor yet the first one he had a little little problem i hate like that brine brine greasy
syndrome when he was in japan the other problem fallen down i'm desperately looking for this damn thing
i can't find the thing there it is british prime minister tony blares office had no media
comment on this uh... go for on this uh... what do they call scuffle on that's not it what's the
where i'm looking for good a gap f up i see we have airy confidence in the british security white
house spokesman clear bucans they see referred all of the questions to british officials in other
words we don't want to touch it i guess you all heard that we don't want to touch it
bucking and palace was conducting a full investigation of the incident a raw spokesman sent
on condition to ban an enemy security outside the palace was heavy this morning had the
official welcome ceremony for bush the mirror published photos and depicted rooms in
bucking and palace where bush in his wife Laura arse staying and said peri had a full view of
the presidential couple arriving Tuesday evening how do you like that it was one it was a plant
it was a ringer something about security reminds me like i'm nine eleven that thing with the
white house in the pentagon how is that possible if you thought about that have you wondered
yeah briefly how the hell it's possible that they weren't scrambling just like a media of it i mean
they knew that one plane had been hijacked and then of course within just a matter of minutes they
knew that at least another plane had been hijacked how come there was like all kinds activity going on
they were coming up with a present he was sitting there with that stupid look on his
puts in that classroom in serisota i mean what are we talking about is michael more asked you know
they think we deserve some answers i screwed up on that first break so we'll swap those
spots michael was of george's back because he faxed me the log pages in uh... reverse order me bad
yeah no probably trying to just play a little game on the cif i was alert which i was not right so it's
both are bad i screwed up because i just accepted and you also faxed me to polls again well just to be
sure just in case i lost them like that story is today good thinking when you give to be old and
sena well bob isenberg should know something about that ten twenty six at five sixty w two and big
news our friends at howl upon a aggmc just moments ago i'll maybe like days ago we're voted the
number one potty aggmc dealer in david county in customer satisfaction that's why tomlayman and
joe preator and all the good folks with their have lasted so long while others have come and gone
over thirty five long amazing years they've been there stop by howl at potty agg can check out the
potty ag vibe normally retails for over twenty grand but you can buy fully loaded run out for just
sixteen thousand five hundred bucks plus tax in tag and don't forget that howl it is your trek head
a truck headquarters and maybe your trickhead quarters to with over three hundred to choose from
a blue the eucon and eucon excel and coming soon the new envoy xuv which is the most unique s uv
in the market hands down great nil deals are waiting for every day to howl at potty aggmc one thirty four
oh one south dixie highway that's us one right across the street from the falls open every day seven
days a week for more details called any arrangers nil deal hotline tool for each day still like me
one trible eight five three four forty two eleven that's one trible eight five three four forty two
eleven don't forget all nil deals subject to credit approval see the friends at howl at four
tails howl at potty aggmc and bobby isenberg reminds us that they are unlike him professional grade
ah hello hello
ah
oh who is this the maid no this is the wife talia
braaaah i like to speak to Tommy metolia
hello Tommy motoblomer events braaaah
what you what you what you what you
girl no no no talia
talia let me talk to the devil please hold
oh
yes
oh
you got the phone
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
oh
you lost your job
ah hey i didn't lose my job i stepped down
or sure however you want to paint the picture whatever you have to tell yourself in order to
save some sort of face you do it but you will lose your job
oh
actually it's kind of nice to hear your voice what kind of nice to hear anybody's voice
what you're talking about
yeah can you hear that
that's my mistake in wife let me tell you
it was cute for maybe five ten minutes a day but if i got to stay home with her
every day i'm going to go crazy
you're getting your just desserts Tommy metolia that
devil all we do is eat Mexican food
chimichangas burritos postitos i got more gas and exon
and you deserve to have the bloat
oh listen michael i'll resurface somewhere i'll start another label
sure you will so you can destroy the career of other budding artists
are we going to Chevy?
yes honey we're going to Chevy
thank you very much
all right oh jeez if it's not Chevy it's Chee cheese if it's not Chee cheese it's uh
what's that drive in place?
i don't know what you're talking about i called to beret you
and all i'm getting is dribble and chimichangas
oh
admitted i was the reason you were forced to be fired
right i know because i'm very very very devilish
uh oh i was a living in america i was a living in america
all right hey look mikey i got to go okay i got to take over the taco bell
okay Chee cheese you want to come with us?
no i don't want to be seen with you you are at the devil
so at this point i am finding myself having some sympathy for you
all right all right i got to go there mikey let me tell you something if i were to
fart right now after neighborhood would go up
you know what that reminds me of what he says he doesn't want to be seen with him it's kind
like Joe Rosan about Moe he don't want it if people see him that Moe is in the studio with him
because he doesn't want him there speaking of Moe yes he's real pissed off about those best
anneal uh things that were running why is that because in some of them uh they're
they're you know you're playing excerpts right of bits that are right about him and and he don't like it
well you know what he can blow it out his old ass i think he is well what do you mean he don't like
he doesn't like it first of all let me ask you this question did we put those promos together
no evil evil Tommy did evil Tommy and production did it which Tommy is a great guy and Tommy did
because he knows that those are some of the audiences favorite bits see if you're really behind
our charity drives since since you didn't donate a dime moe and supposedly your your help on
the salvage by letting us use your likeness your voice your uh centurion tones on our uh the key
chains uh then just dummy up okay don't be bitching and belly it can about you don't like this you
don't like anything that's why everybody hates you Moe that's why you're damn near beat out the
hanging sheds you came in a strong third in that port yesterday on the worst idea of the past
century i have never and the fact that they had that six three in the morning that has to either
be an aberration or the a handful of moe liquors they got the pulled or it was all for real you know
it was all for real it was all me me me me me me me me me me could have been who now how long is
but regardless whether he's got a six share or a point six share which he's had those and they
make any difference he's still the same piece of crap okay we don't care whether you like the
promos or don't like him and by the way if we've had a for real key chain would have raised a
hell of a lot more money for abandoned pet rescue than we're doing with your steps in fact i think
even a mad dog one all right the old ones from a couple of years ago are going better all right
Miguel they are he uh had to go to a meeting yeah absolutely a Tommy here right now we got Tommy in
there yeah I'm not that I'm complaining Tommy's fine but uh you I mean I'm gonna put all the stuff
on the five families and Miguel had to run off and well what kind of a song otherwise once again
I mean Tommy's got another job there in the building so once again what they do with his oh is there
anybody is there a body here we got going there and push the buttons and play the goddamn spots
what kind of crap is that I say we kidnapped Miguel and redefine no I say we kidnapped a Greg
Reed is what I say okay we get nothing but leftovers on this station we're making a more money
than God that bitch scruan who sitting back there with somebody's a toes in her you know where
yeah she likes the toe job toe jam toe jam yeah jam it jam it honey skanky bitch
but I mean seriously what kind of business is this it's bad enough that they brought in for
else boyfriend there who was like uh I mean wow uh if the audience could only know
that was the strangest piece of work I've ever encountered he made beater boys seem like a rocket
scientist he made me he made beater boys seem almost human you're close personal friend
man oh man the strangest looks and expressions and just oh like uh just it totally incompetent on top
of that but nevertheless so we had Miguel for a little while now we got Tommy and probably next
hour will be like maybe Robert Gryper will come in at which point I'll get up and walk out I'll go
out my living room let me know if he percomes in okay all right all right I want to I won't do
the show with that prick on the I just don't want to part of him he should have been fired a long
time ago in fact this this coming year you know how we make new years resolutions it's only the
middle of November but I'm starting right now for 2004 that's gonna be my I don't try to get
anybody can't I don't like like Moe is always doing I'm not interested in depriving anybody
else of a livelihood even Moe but in Robert Gryper's case that's where I draw the line I'll make
an exception oh what you never saw he said can he said dickhead he's a troublemaker in a backstabber
and he does more damn things wrong and shows up on whenever how he feels like it because he's a
professional student has been going to school for a hundred years and now the rumor is he's got a
girlfriend that's the rumor the girlfriend's name is Ted I believe I heard a confirmation on that
on what Ted oh give me a break what is that what does that look like what could that possibly be huh
I heard actually not not bad looking get out of here get out of town maybe you better
worry about your date yeah that's right maybe you better on jade maybe your name is Clarence
he's not real bad looking well pan-frican voka faxes and says how about a countdown clock on your
website with zero day being the day that moe Howard David Dodd-Ozzi contract is up what do you think
absolutely yeah I don't even know when that is plus he's I think his contract he must be extending
it farther out than I am because I got three years and a month and a half not that I'm counting
but the one he extorted them and we're standing yeah we all know about that Moe we love the way
you try to pull this crap and then keep it behind the scenes behind closed doors he can't stand it
in fact I wonder he and Jack Thompson get along so well because they like to pull all their crap
behind the scenes and then oh well don't play me for that don't talk about that I have nothing to do
with that you know but I'd like to give both of them all the credit for all of the dirty deeds that
they do so Moe you're right in there in the same category same smell so he and his agent extorted
Greg and we're sending his contract to what they're 25 25 something like that so we don't know
also what says last week you said nobody don't dislike our carny I did say that at least that's
what I think you said yes Patrick that is what I said how about a pull see the problem with Patrick
is he hasn't been listening either long enough for you mr show which is unacceptable how about a
portalist other people that nobody don't dislike it wasn't that long ago we did that remember right
we already done that Patrick and Bokeys is I would and then and he insults the injury Patrick
guys he says love you show them websites so we love you to Patrick but you really really
shot yourself in the foot with this one this is how we put emerald on that list oh my god I
despised emerald somebody that nobody don't dislike I don't know anybody that does like him
no Patrick emerald a gassing pancake you must be the only one we said uh
Georgia's the only one who likes iron chef and you're the only one who likes emerald and I'm the
only one who likes uh Tyler Florence because he looks good webber hello guys name who
for instance Tyler Tyler Florence he's a cooking guy on a food channel oh I don't care
about his show he just happens to look pretty good you know me yeah anyway and Eric by the way is
diddlin he is a trip I'll tell you Eric I mentioned the thing about the the stats page on the website
and so now I'm seeing numbers that all of a sudden that this isn't supposed to even change
until two o'clock this afternoon two fifteen and now all of it because I check it religiously I'm
a student of this that's why I'm still on the air Eric okay I'm not just like some fat
slob who said throughout eaten all day although I just the fat slob part how so he's uh so he has
been doing something so my immediate like nervousness and concern about that obviously is uh because he
he changed the uh thing again on it you know what I mean he changed the uh asperatus
quite changing our asperatus Eric now I know that that call online six and Hollywood's
going to be a great call here's Hollywood hello hey deal that uh you're having to see take on take
back the media the true nine eleven the video now you have to go to that website and check it out
it puts bush in the classrooms why everything was going on September 11th and it's incredible
it's incredible where do I see this you go to take back the media dot com and then it's
slash true nine eleven okay and it plays you the whole video side by side of the event
11 okay and it plays you pushing the classroom on the other side of the screen it plays them side by
side so you know is he picking his nose on this one or not uh I know he's not picking his nose but
he's reading why people are jumping out of building yeah yeah he's still a little fairy tales yeah
that's what he does best okay thanks pal I'll check it out I told you that'd be a good call take
back the media dot com ten forty one see my psychic powers again it was either it was either a good
collar was right to hire you son of a bitch or something like that my day isn't complete until I
hear from that guy he's my favorite he'll be here he'll oh he'll be along it's uh so let's see
next hour we're gonna have like I think Greg is gonna be sitting in or Greg Reed is gonna sit in
there and do the thing and they will probably have Dorine and then uh what other sloppy bitch can we
have come in maybe maybe screw-on he come in there and like uh hold down the fort right you can
squat on the chair oh man you remember that Randy chair can you imagine if uh screw-on we're
squatting over that thing mm-hmm talk about the strummy for lunch ten forty two at five sixty
now I have to go get a replacement well talk about a Rubin sandwich what oh nothing
anyway if you if you can't stand the thought of that or looking in the mirror because you got that
big ugly ball spot like the mole man absolutely it's a pain in the ass let's face it if you want
to look good I mean if you don't care like me if you're an old fart and you're still doing
pretty well who cares you know like Wayne Wayne don't need any here because he's got billions
but if you're one of those guys who figures your life could be a lot better you might get a little
bit of action maybe even get ahead in the world with some here Charles Alfie Erie is the place to go
the natural hairline system he's got is the best looking thing anywhere in the world nobody
even knows it's not the real thing that's the key every other piece man it looks like a piece it
looks like a silly wig like where the man who put the dud in Dudley Rick Dudley to coach of the
panthers he's got the most stupid hair piece even rivals the mole man it's so bad so if you want
people laugh and at you go right ahead but if you want to look great call Charles Alfie Erie and
you have nothing loose but your ugly shiny bald spot because everybody gets Charlie's 38 Guarante
after 30 days if you don't love the way it looks and feels and smells if you're not getting laid at
least 15 20 30 times a day Charlie give you a full refund no questions asked and if you mention
the orange is when you call it again extra 200 bucks off the already low regular price so get
your hair back from Chuck Alfie Erie the smart way not a mousey look at muskrat call 1 800 321 24 13
1 800 on guess what guess who's birthday we forgot yesterday
who
oh my son Mickey mouse 75 yesterday happy birthday Mickey 1 800 321 24 13 or log on to
Charlie's prestigious website Charles Alfie Erie dot com
oh
coming next year the king of pop for the trade your hometown
touring to benefit the carbon-classy school for wayward boys it's Michael Schatz
oh
five
yes Michael performs all with his graces from all these with the Jackson five
that's right from the time this tunes with the Jackson five to the classic solo work
Michael Jackson's benefit to our aims to please
oh
Michael Jackson
be
one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes to hang out and Michael Jackson's
dressing Michael Jackson's benefit
um hey yeah Michael yes Bobby is that your real skin color
it's inside the counts but I know a game that we can play to find out
everyone's a good fly you know it's time to free willies say say what you want
but you know who I give a mention we don't know how to read but then tell boys give me
and here's a rousing finale yes Michael sings the song he wrote for the showrun of the world
with the Vienna voice choir backing him up
oh
Another great Michael Jackson classics.
Mike Billy's jeans, D&O out of self-rime, and of course smooth criminal.
Yes, it's Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Cardinal Clancy School for Wayward Boys.
Get your tickets now, boys under 10 of it and free when a cup of wine no one.
They're back, they're white, they're really really tight.
They're back, they're white, they're really really tight.
Oh, that's a 10 before 11th.
Thank God for Michael, you know, what that would be, I mean, like I said, they're people dying
all over the world, people bowing each other up.
We're sitting on pins and needles waiting for the next shoe to drop.
And Michael's a pedophile.
Wow, canoville, huh?
What a surprise.
What a shock.
161 votes.
So anyway, Eric says he hasn't ditto with our thing.
He's ditto with his own thing right now.
But so that's a bad omen.
I mean, everybody's left town since Friday, I guess, or our audience is bad moves.
Once for our left, that was the end of QAM as we used it.
Once knew it for a brief few months.
Glorious months.
Think that's possible?
It's possible.
And I think now that Tommy is there, I think it's very apropropriate for Tommy to apologize
to Moe for making those promos.
You know what I mean?
Absolutely.
That had excerpts from us ripping him an ass and making fun of him.
Promos?
Do you want to apologize?
Tommy?
I want to apologize.
He don't want to apologize because he hates him like point two.
I don't want to put words in your mouth, but he hates him.
Like everybody else does.
Why should Tommy be any different?
Especially now that he looks like human with his hair back.
Like, you know, like a guy.
161 votes on a poll.
What's your take on game marriages?
Absolutely, they said.
Absolutely.
Everyone should have equal right.
64.
Seems like a no-drainer to me.
Right?
Like I said, 67 out of 168 now.
Why should I care 43?
In other words, my own business sounds good.
Civil unions are okay, but not marriage.
25.
26.
Whatever that number says.
No way God didn't create Adam and Steve 16.
And only for members of the priesthood 16.
I don't know.
We had 16 priest listening.
Did you?
Love.
I think we have more than that.
I think that's a beautiful thing.
Oh, they're all listening right now.
They're hanging on every word.
How's it going, father?
Pulse who does public evenly split on what the gays can change sexual orientation.
This from the A and P.
Every shot at the N P.
Tommy doesn't know what he had up with.
The call on line nine.
That's his Miami.
No matter who we have in there, whether it's Tommy who just was dragged in there,
kicking and screaming or McGill or a Scott or anybody else.
It doesn't make any difference because they still put line nine is in Miami.
See?
You see that on the screen?
Let's go to line nine in Miami.
Hello?
There he is.
It's always him.
It's always making a difference what it is.
Nobody in day to brow is going to call on line nine.
It's like a toll free number.
They already got a free number.
So it's kind of like holding up a billboard saying,
hey, it's me again.
The misfit, the professional crack, the worst of all of them.
The one with like four different voices with the a all the crap.
It's me.
But it's a good thing we get him on here because we keep him off the street.
For a few minutes anyway.
Oh no, for four hours.
Here's Miami on six, which is always an adventure.
Hello?
Yes, sir.
Hey, you might really consider those my numbers for the six to ten hour.
That was back when the four of Marlins made their run.
Right.
We've discussed that.
October was a humongous sports month because it was the playoffs in the World Series.
And so the sports shows did huge.
And we did like less well.
I mean, we were still number one, but we were like small potatoes.
The sports shows had huge months in October.
Yeah, but that's because people don't want to stay up for two o'clock in the morning watching a Florida Marlins game.
So, you know, the sports halls, that's what they do is they tune in first and then on the way to work.
Right.
Yeah, that's when all the of front running phonies, the bandwagon, Jeppers, were hopping aboard and getting all whipped up.
Hey, let me ask you a question.
I'm your poet the other day, the about obscure movies.
Let me ask you, what about Glengague, Glen Ross?
Would you consider that obscure?
I mean, I don't remember here anything about that one.
I mean, it's fairly obscure.
I mean, it's, it was a pretty well known movie.
Plus, when you look at the people who were in it, I mean, Huck and Epi of Scare.
True.
Is it great?
It's great.
Fabulous.
I'm going to watch you again this weekend.
You just inspired me.
It's just the fabulous effect.
Yes, you're right.
When you have a sale department like we do a QA, and you got to watch it every day.
Any how far along are you in, dude, where's my country?
How far along?
I've finished it.
How you finished it?
I'm doing the, I'm doing the Al Franken book now.
Nice.
Nice.
We're having a good one.
Thank you, too.
Yeah, dude, where's my country?
Everybody's got to read that.
Everybody's going to watch bowling for Columbine.
Everybody must read, dude, where's my country?
And everybody read you ought to be reading or listen to me read it on the ear.
See, I don't think they like that.
Who do they hate?
What?
The audience, I think they hate it.
No, seriously, we had such a poultry turnout of a hits on a website yesterday, 152,000.
It's like at least 60, 70,000 sure to what we usually do.
So like I said, you either, no, seriously, because I take these things, it's very important, isn't it?
No.
Well, I mean, you know, I got to do something.
Something to pretend that is still here.
You know, it can't go on forever, right?
Why?
We can't be the king of the hill.
No, no way.
It can't be a forever.
Let the mad dog do it.
Let the Humper do it.
It's his...
I can't show it.
I'm talking about him.
He liked the hop on it.
Yeah, it was hilarious.
But it's just, I think, and of course, when it's for real God, can, now all of a sudden we've got a major turnaround there, you know?
You know what I mean?
Ah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
And we got Joe, which we love Joe.
And he did pretty good.
I don't know how to interpret that poll yesterday, which was my intent.
Keep it real confusing, because it might have turned out bad.
Poll suggests public evenly split up other gains can change sexual orientation.
See, I mean, where did that come from?
What does that have to do with the price of peanuts?
I mean, that's so stupid.
Mm-hmm.
God, are you...
Some of you people really need some serious help.
And this is what's wrong with America.
One of the main things that there's so many ignorant, ignorant people who just are...
I don't know what kind of a planet you're living on, man.
What kind of a cave you're hiding in?
Why would you choose that?
Why would you choose that?
Of course, it's like...
It's like, it's just to be black and people...
Right. That's a bad comparison, because you're born black.
Well, you're born whatever the hell you are, too.
They know that.
There's no question about it.
It's in your genes, baby.
It's in them genes.
Just open up that fly.
And there are pops right out.
It's in your genes.
Usually when I say that, they run.
The public is evenly divided on whether gays and lesbians can change their sexual orientation.
And white evangelicals are the most likely to think homosexuals can change their ways.
Again, what is the prize? What is shock?
Too bad they can't change theirs.
Yeah. Too bad they can't become like part of the human race.
Oh, but the Bible says, and Jesus says, is an abomination of the eyes of the Lord.
Yeah, blow it out your ass.
You silly.
I'm telling you, the religious people are the dangerous people.
Look all over the world, not in history.
Just today, right now, this minute.
We got that born again, Bufo over there in the London.
They're all laughing, they're asking, they're running around protesting, screaming and carrying on.
And in America, what we heard about Michael Jackson, all right, we're talking to this.
The BBC has made a big, semi-subout, that story, too.
The Michael Jackson story?
Good.
You know what I'd like to make a big, semi-subout, is Todd Dreck.
I think next time I come back to town, he needs to be hung like Mussolini.
And believe me, from what I'm hearing from the sales department and screw in, he definitely ain't hung.
But he should be.
What a piece of crap, man.
Seriously, this guy is making money from all that phony agency stuff.
He's got an all commission from these accounts.
And he must have naked pictures of these people because he doesn't do anything for him, you know?
Right.
Man, we hate you, Todd.
In fact, you're a close second to the mole man.
Even Tommy would agree.
Absolutely.
Todd Dreck is the anti-Christ junior.
Hey, if you're underpaid and overworked, you'd like a new high-paying career,
but you don't have four years to waste in college and maybe the money to go along with it that it takes.
Here's the answer for you.
It's not a big deal.
It's just one simple phone call.
It can change your life forever.
Just call 1-866-FastRain.
And be sure and tell the good folks at FastRain that Todd Dreck turned you onto the whole deal.
FastRain can have you trained in Certified for a brand new high-paying computer network professional career
or a high-paying medical computer specialist career, and is little as four months.
That's right.
You can be fully trained and ready for a new career as a little as four months.
And by the way, Todd, your $100 check for Band of Papers yesterday.
Like I said, changes nothing.
You're still a major asshole, and we hate you and wish you would die.
FastRain offers day, evening, weekend, classes, FastRain offers job placement assistant,
and even financially, the people who qualify.
They've got six convenient Florida locations, four right in South Florida,
so there's about to be one nearby you.
So if you're tired of working for peanuts, if you're tired of moving your legs on the treadmill,
and your life is going nowhere, change your life, get a job, and a big paycheck that goes along with it.
Check them out on the web at fastRain.com, and make that call.
Get off your ass and stick your finger in it, make that call.
1-866-FAST-PRAIN.
I am law.
This is for 20 or vice-cater.
You weigh out.
Wait in gentlemen.
Michael Jackson reveals the secret behind the pitch of his voice.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
And downcrotch.
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
All right.
A met up priest when I was a lever.
He said he would save my soul.
But we made a detour on the way to heaven.
That into his bedroom we did take a stroll.
Well, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
I told him.
Pulled up his rope and went, then thank you, ma'am.
I got my lesson by the preacher man behind the rectory.
The next day I felt like a sinner.
And I showed up to get communion.
But on my tongue that was in wafer.
And it wasn't while a tripping up my chin.
What should I do?
He was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Pulled up his rope and went, then thank you, ma'am.
I got my lesson by the preacher man behind the rectory.
He was standing in his underwear.
I told me to bend over and say it prayer.
Pulled up as Roman, man, man, thank you, man.
I got molested by the preacher man being a directory.
You know, that Michael Jackson tour bit, which is a several years old, it's one of our
oldest best of me old disc.
Right.
That has to be the best of all time.
You know, I listen to that and the, it's just brilliant.
You know what I mean?
Right.
I mean, vocal Brian stuff a lot of it is brilliant, but that, that thing is just phenomenal.
Is it just me?
No, it's great.
Doesn't it just blow you away?
I was speaking of blowing.
The ceremony was held unusually in the forecourt of Buckingham Palace inside the
fortified security.
It was the Charliewood lady where it is.
Beyond it, there were some demonstrations, but they were small and scattered.
Some just a lone voice of protest.
If you think there was a, oh, you'll know.
Opposition is expected to build.
But so far, day one of the visits can be, yeah, the big stuff is going to be on Thursday.
That's going to be going to all hell's going to break loose.
A rat.
Here's the fact is, what chapter are you reading today?
Love it.
Well, and they're serious, too.
They like the, because I read this week, two chapters from the Al Franken book,
lying liars and liars who tell them.
And the one chapter was about Ann Cotter, that's Skanky bitch.
And the one yesterday was about Bill O'Reilly, that line piece of turd whose whole life is in the spin and dry zone.
They were both great and funny.
Yeah.
But I'm telling you, the audience hates that. They don't like it.
What do they know?
I'm just saying it like those seven months.
Just ask Tommy. He'll tell you. He hated those seven months while I didn't take any phone calls.
He's one of those people likes the calls.
If he's happy to be listening in between doing all of the great spots.
That interest. Huh? That's not true.
Hates that. Miguel hated it.
Duff hated it. Clarence despised it.
Guaranteed didn't tell me that to my face because naturally,
none of them have the balls to say the name of my face being a hot shot that I am.
You know why Clarence hated it?
Because I didn't read no stories about points.
That's the deal right there.
If it's not about points, those guys don't want to know from it.
And muff, I mean, she don't really give a crap on what they're about points.
But because the station is supposed to be a station.
Therefore, he's got a pretend that she cares, which is why she shows up at the dolphin games and the Marling games.
Yeah, she's got to be real.
Talks nipper.
Was she likes that part?
So that's the deal.
We'll find out today.
In fact, let's do it.
Don't answer the phone time.
We'll do a screen was real quickie.
Okay.
You got it.
And we'll find.
Oh, they always like the toughest assignments.
Yeah.
I don't even know why we answer the phones on the show.
It's what my wife and father anymore.
Damn good question.
Why do you answer the phone?
It's like me being here.
Why do I even answer the phone?
It's almost always something I don't want to talk to.
God.
Hey, Izzy, you're a good guy.
I hope you're a thing heals up.
But don't call me up here anymore.
Okay.
Just leave me alone.
And the same for PD Lenny.
Don't be calling here.
I mean, people that have no business even have the phone number are calling here.
God.
Try to get away from that place.
And they still won't leave you the hell alone.
Okay.
So that's a quick, we'll take like a quick survey.
Before we go on.
Yes.
And I'm not exaggerating.
This is the fifth time that we've gotten the five page George Bush resume from the same asshole.
Oh, stop sending us the George Bush resume.
It's older and still we already had it in the first place.
Anyway, we already know about it.
It's not that we don't want to stop.
Every day from someone who don't want it.
You idiot you.
You schmuck you in your, you schmuck.
Well, as soon as it starts coming, just press the stop and cancel.
Oh, you know, I've been.
God.
What kind of crap is that anyway?
You're dimmer with us.
Okay, we don't want it.
It's not funny.
Oh, look at this.
Here's a guy with a beard made up and dreaded.
You can see it Prince William's 21st birthday.
Now the home secretary has announced this to be a review of palace security.
Oh, that was the guy who had to crash the Prince Wills of the birthday.
Remember that?
The guy with the lovely pink outfit.
So we'll do like a quick screen listing on the reading those chapters, the Alfred.
WQIM.
I guess it's okay for you to chase 14 year old kids around.
Now I'm chasing 14 year old kids around, Reverend Jones.
WQIM.
Okay, good.
This was a good idea, wanted it?
A-huh?
WQIM. Hello.
Luca.
Luca.
Luca.
Luzza.
Luzza.
Here's a candle when I was already unhold.
Hello.
How you doing, sir?
Hey, um, okay, about these same sex marriages, you know?
Yeah.
You know, I don't know like, I mean, okay.
Now we know what the American public knows and everything, right?
But the gay, I know what?
You're gonna know what?
Well, we know that let's say a little more than half is opposed to the, you know, to the other side, which is the, yeah.
I can say the 55-45 deal.
Yeah.
But what about the gays?
Now what is they, uh, you know, how do they feel about the gay sex marriages?
I don't know, I don't know, like do most gay men want to marry by the gay?
How do they feel?
Yeah.
With their hands?
5670560.
We're going to a tremendous response on it.
See, I told you, they don't even want to talk about it.
They, it's so we've all lived them.
They don't want to hear me or read those books.
What?
You think they do.
You like it?
I love it.
I love it.
I love it.
That's what it was great.
I don't like it.
I don't really like it.
They don't really want to hear all these great calls like these last year for we had so far.
WDQAM line one is working.
Hello?
Mo, like, Steinpack.
WDQAM.
Yeah.
Have you heard that Rick Sanchez has his own talk show in the afternoon now?
Yeah.
Who cares?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I just thought about it.
Do you want to know?
Do you want to know why the things in Iraq aren't going so well?
One of the, uh, he had charato's over there.
His name is Lieutenant General Ricardo Sanchez.
Did you know that?
He's squatting on it.
Were you aware of that?
He went away.
I'm not talking to him.
He went away because I punked the button.
I'm talking to you, not him.
I think I want to talk to him.
Anybody calls me about Rick Sanchez in the middle of a very important survey that I'm doing here?
You think I want to talk to this?
Boozel?
So Rick Sanchez is a general?
Yes.
General pain in the ass.
WDQAM.
Hey, I like huffing nails, please.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
How come it doesn't sound like Neil?
That's amazing.
I don't know why it's me.
Believe me.
I'm looking at it and it's mine.
Trust me.
Nobody else would want it.
It's me.
Neil, have you finished the Al Franken book?
No.
You still read it.
I'm still in progress.
Have you gotten to the supply side, Jesus?
Yes.
That's awesome.
It's a cartoon near the back.
It's fantastic.
Also, I think the reading's great.
It's humorous.
It's enlightening.
It's awesome.
Okay.
I'm Mark Kiedhanna.
You and me, enjoy.
That's it.
Thank you, everybody.
See, there's three of us we like it.
But the general audience out there, that's not what they tune in to the world famous Neil Rogers show for.
They want to hear a bunch of assholes on the phone and believe me.
We're not going to let them down today.
Are we?
No.
No chance.
No way, Jose.
Anyway, Brittany says I'm a fine rule model.
Let's go to our second poll.
Once we get off that fag stuff.
Brittany Spears and Sishie's rule model for young girls, despite her revealing outfits and her new album would sexually explicit lyrics.
The BBC said a couple of days ago, and I got to write my hand now in the story too.
And a picture of Brittany showing her big, not anywhere in Lug J.
But she's got a ample ass.
Mm-hmm.
And she's got a big smile on her purse.
It's a generous amount.
And she thinks she's a rule model.
So we'll find out if you people out there have daughters or if you had a daughter, who you think would be a good rule model for them.
You think it might be Brittany?
No.
No.
Why not?
She brings a lot of money, George.
She brings your home a lot of cash.
You okay?
So could a lot of people.
Dollar a holler.
Deputy QAM.
Hey.
Hola.
Ah!
Deputy QAM, though.
Let's talk about the bullfighting.
Ah!
Wow.
Deputy QAM.
Yes, Neal.
How are you doing?
I'm doing pretty good.
I personally found those eight months when you did all the stories.
Seven of them.
I'm so glad you're ready.
Do I ever heard you do?
Really?
Absolutely.
Now let me ask you this question.
How old are you?
50.
Say that's the problem.
You're an old fart like me.
Well, yeah.
But you know what?
As far as I'm concerned, this is a pivotal time in the history of our country.
Yeah.
Don't get too carried away.
I'm not going to change nothing here.
I will say this.
The Florida election, I think, in 2004 is going to be the pivotal deal again.
Exactly.
And you know, you have a voice that we don't have.
And you can get out there and you can tell us what's going on.
Okay.
You know, I have a full-time job.
I don't have time to scour and read all these articles.
And when you were reading them, it's awesome.
The fact that you're reading the Michael Moore book is fantastic.
And I enjoy it every day in our listen every single day while I work.
Thank God for us, Pally.
Thank God for us with a brain larger than our small toe.
There's a few of us.
You're the man.
Yes.
Have a great day.
Thank you.
Today we go on our second.
Here's one of those in between all the other, 40 or 50.
You're gay.
You're a pervert.
You know, all this other stuff.
You know.
From when it's after 11 and 560 W.D.C.M.,
and don't try to like use me or any other faggot there to cover up the Michael Jackson business,
don't try to play that game, okay, because the fact that it matters is that we're talking serious here
between Michael and the priest, Samuel Crabbe, Dylan around 8 and 10 and 12 year old boys,
and the answer is unacceptable.
Unacceptable, Michael, there he is now on a BBC.
While his supporters claimed there were so many friends and staff at the ranch,
any impropriety would be noticed, the singer used a TV address to proclaim his innocence.
These statements about me are totally false.
No.
Today, the Lisa expected to give more details about this latest investigation.
The singers promised them his full cooperation.
Don't you love the BBC?
I mean, it's opposed to that.
I'm not even watching CNN normal.
Because if anything happens, the world BBC heaven right away.
We won't miss anything, but at least at least though, when there's a story they like, you know,
no matter what it is, as opposed to like, I don't want to hear about Scott and Lisa.
Peterson, no, Mo, do you want to hear about that?
No.
No, Mo, he did it in Fry's ass.
That's all.
I don't you think he done it, Tommy?
Yes.
I think so, George thing.
So that's it.
You're convicted by a jury of your queer peers, and that's it.
You're done.
Scott, Fry's ass.
See how simple I was?
Didn't cross the taxpayers a dime.
1113 at 560 WDQM survey.
You like the reading?
You like that Al Franken book and colder?
Bill O'Reilly?
What do you say?
What say you folks out there?
You got anything to say?
No.
We know that.
Give it a ball.
Give me the ball.
Hey, if you're looking to replace that terrible carpeting in your home, let me tell you about a great idea called Laminants R Us.
They're the easy, low maintenance alternative to natural wood flooring, which looks great, but it costs you a damn arm and a leg.
Laminants R Us is the best place to find lemon-edited wood flooring from the top names in the universe like
Peridor, Pergo, Wilson Art Unit 4, and Quick Step 2.
And all the Laminants R Us flooring is installed by Pergo Certified Instaulers 2.
Here's another reason to call Laminants R Us.
Their prices will floor you.
Right now you can get their fall special for just $1495.
Just $14.95 gets you up to $295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring, which is positively.
Unbelievable.
It is.
And Laminants R Us guarantees you they'll match any legitimate written offer to.
If you want to rein home estimate, no obligation, do this marketing.
Call Laminants R Us toll free at 1-877-7733-36.
Nothing could be easier.
They give you free carpet disposal, free furniture, moving a 25-year warranty, and years and years of beautiful, easy-to-care for laminated wood flooring.
Call them today and tell them that cranky old neil-tour-de-de-call laments are us.
toll free 1-877-7733-36.
Live, find, and local.
We're Sports Video 560.
You a...
You a...
Music
Music
The freak going Debbie Rowe got married down under.
Did they make hot monkey love?
I can't help but wonder talking about wacko.
Chaco.
Chaco.
Michael, Michael, got wet.
Megan loved to Debbie Rowe with a lullaby in their bed.
Debbie's been ejected with a seat from Michael's loin.
When the baby pops right out, he'll have a drop tan on his groin.
That's because wacko.
Chaco.
Chaco.
Michael, Michael, had sex.
Debbie said she'll be his wife.
Just keep writing those checks.
Love an 18.
He might have to write it.
I guess he didn't write the real big one.
Is that the problem with this 12-year-old kid?
Well, they're still working that out.
They're still negotiating.
Maybe that's why they're cops in there right now.
They're going to use it like as a lever.
Right.
These people say they won't be bought off.
Is that what they're saying?
That's the guy.
There wasn't a guy at Dennis.
The other kid said, he wasn't going to be bought off either.
But then when he saw all of them zeros on there, he said, oh, wow.
Now we're talking business.
Okay, what do we got on this first survey?
Which Whitney Schmidt candidate here pretty soon?
283 votes.
What's your take on game marriages?
Absolutely.
Everyone should have equal rights.
123.43.4%.
Why should I care?
71.25%.
So you put those two together.
You got like 60, almost 69.
Uh-oh.
Civil unions are okay, but not marriage.
39.
I think what they're trying to say to her is marriage sucks.
And I'm sure you can probably.
And the marriage is not a civil union, by the way.
Now, it's uncivilized against no question.
No way God didn't create Adam and Steve.
29.
10% of the audience says God didn't create the Lord didn't create Adam and Steve.
It was Adam and Jack.
And only for members of the priesthood, 21.
How to tune in 83 votes.
So that's, uh, fairly, I don't know what, what do you call it?
Pinellar.
Anyway, here's the, yes, it's done.
I want to get to the second poll.
Britney says I'm a fine role model.
Despite all her nudity and her ravine outfits and her new album with sexually-exposalers,
she said, all little girls ought to be just like me.
She's fine.
Hot and rich.
In a regular interview to be broadcast, the 21-year-old pop star said parents should not be worried
if their children want to copy her.
They like to be just like Britney.
I'll be honest with her.
This picture here, her push-down look all that good.
She's got bad angles.
Does that it?
That ankles?
We can't see your ankles, but you can't see your hands.
So that's just fine.
Bad ankles.
I probably have more older fans than the younger ones.
She said, yeah, probably one of the 70-year-old guys in there.
Look at this picture, just go on crazy.
Probably a little older fans than the younger ones, but I think the reason why everyone talks about the younger fans so much is because the parents are concerned.
And in the end.
In the end.
You can't say that sweetheart.
In the end, they shouldn't be concerned because they should trust their kids.
Spears said.
Something about spearing in the end.
Five minutes, I think.
The five-minute major in a game is conduct.
She also defended recent magazine photos.
I was saying I just recently done some covers that are a little bit explicit and sexy.
A lot of people do think this is very overexplicit, but that's their opinion.
And some people think it's under-explicit.
Right. Some people want you to be at all, sweetheart, like right now.
Spears who kissed Madonna at the MTV video music awards also talked about her relationship with the singer.
She's like my godmother in a way.
I don't listen to that many people.
I'm a very stubborn person when something tells me not to do something I do it.
That's just my rebellious nature.
She said, that's why she stuck her tongue deep down, her down is true.
Even after Christina Aguilara had hers and they were in her tongue too.
Exactly. And after Dennis Rodman had something there as well.
You can ponder on that for a while.
Not all the list green in the world could read.
Even forget about list green. How about Mr. Clean?
Even that wouldn't do it.
Here's our second poll of the day, which I think is kind of interesting.
Tomorrow we'll do the guys, so to speak.
Can I say we'll do the guys and I'll just listen.
Okay.
Paul, see I would put on playboy TV, but we got so unlucky that time.
Yeah, I don't want to practice on your finger.
Oh, see? No, no, that was okay.
Wasn't that fine?
Don't put your logic on here.
Like she wants a swirl or tongue around the head.
Okay, and that's fine.
He does it.
No, she didn't say easy does it.
I know.
Heavy, heavy duty is what she's doing.
She's twirling that thing around in her finger too.
Anyway, what famous living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter?
If you had one, in other words, if you have daughters, fine, but even if you don't have one,
that don't exclude you.
Just pretend that your daughter was Brittany and she was about 25.
And she, anyway, here's our list so far.
Brittany Spears.
Obviously we got to put her on here because she says she's a fine role model.
That's what she says.
Oprah?
I don't think most people want their daughter to look like Oprah, but they like them to be a billionaire, right?
Sure.
And very famous and admired and unmarried and fat and fat and disgusting and neurotic.
Maria Schreiber.
She's the wife of the governor of California.
Hillary Clinton.
Hillary Clinton, the ice princess.
Who won't want their daughter to be frigid?
Georgia's choice was Jocelyn Elders, the former secretary of H.H.S.S.W.
whatever the hell it is these days, right?
Who had a resign because the right wingers got all bad out of shape just because she said
that masturbation wasn't so bad and talked about condoms and stuff like that and talking honestly to kids about sex and they said,
oh no, you can't do that.
All right, wingers had an nervous breakdown about poor Jocelyn.
And columnist Maureen Dowd, who of course puts a lot of tough words in her stories just to screw me up, but we love Maureen Dowd.
We are proud of Ms. Dowd.
I also wrote on their Natalie Maid's and Susan Sarandon just because...
Susan?
Well, don't put too many on here because you'll steal the audience's thunder.
Susan Sarandon and Natalie, who?
Means the Dixie Chick.
Oh, well, I don't know their names, the Dixie Chick.
Well, she's the one with the mouth.
Is she the main one?
That's right.
Okay, Natalie means...
She got fat.
And Susan Sarandon.
That's all right.
She still got that.
And Dixie Chick, we're going to show them a thing or two.
Okay, then, Dixie Chick, we're going to take off all their music and not sell them under them records in the store and MCDs and stuff and then we're going to show them a thing or two.
Not going to our president.
Yeah.
Not going to our president who just left London.
He's back up in the tree in Aintry now playing the strumming of Anjo.
Oh, you talk about the usual deer in the headlights look he's got.
Oh, brother.
The stuff that they've been showing here.
He talked about a fish out of water.
Wow.
He doesn't know whether the strut or put on his goulashes or his fedora or is killed for that matter.
Wouldn't that be great if...
Ooh, don't say it.
No, not...
Oh, right.
Just let it go.
Now, walk away.
Here's a couple of facts.
This one says, you might be surprised there are a lot of people love when you read those articles.
I'm surprised.
I am.
I can't believe it.
I'm at work.
Two jobs.
Don't have time to read.
Keep up the good work.
Thanks.
And what is that name?
Javan.
Javan?
Oh, it's...
No, it is.
It's a Jamaican because it says at the bottom.
It does say that.
So it's Javan, the Jamaican.
Javan, thank you.
Also, this other one, which you...
Are you just going to send me all the facts that the same person sends you to keep looking my ass?
Only if they promote the reading.
Oh.
It says, oh, I see.
So in other words, this is going to be a skewed, a helter-skeltered skewed pole.
Hate the calls.
Love you, Neil.
Keep talking.
Don't retire.
Is what it said.
I'd like to retire this week.
I'm tired of it.
You're retired.
Actually, I'm not.
Actually, I feel pretty good because I'm hearing I'm not there.
The week that I was there.
Well, I picked the right week, I guess, with all the crap going on.
You know how to do it.
I sure know how to pick a man.
My timing has been impeccable.
I come down here and for all gets canned and all this other crap is going down.
Oh, brother, what a loony tune plays that was.
And then, of course, sitting there for a week without other Scott.
Wow.
The audience, there's no way we could explain it.
Unless you've encountered sometimes somewhere in your life, a creature of that nature, of that origin.
You just, we just can't explain it to you.
One of those people, you say, where are they hiding the ship?
We don't clap, can't hide it in the basement.
Where are they hiding the ship?
And when did they get off it?
And when did they go in the back?
Man.
Scott Jr.
He was, he made Bina Boy seem like Emily Post.
Tope.
Refined.
Oh, she was like the...
That's the idiot lady.
Yeah, she also was on a serial box.
26 past 11 at 560 WQM.
So what do you think?
I think we'll get some of names on that list, don't you?
No.
And don't answer the phone time we were doing screamless now.
Is Miguel coming back or is he just walked out?
He threatened to come back as soon as Todd's done with him.
As soon as Todd's done doing him.
Hey, Todd, I know about the other stuff, but I know about that.
I didn't know Todd was into those things.
Todd did say he'd like our polo.
Hey, imagine this, speaking of Todd Dreck.
Zero closing cost on your next mortgage.
Zero application fee, zero credit bureau fee, zero discounted points.
It's the last mortgage you'll ever need.
The revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group.
Now with an interest rate, amazingly astonishingly breathtaking the low of just 1.95%.
That means if you have a $200,000 loan, your payments are a mere
$738 a month.
Once you be financed, you're getting a new home mortgage from financial group.
I guarantee you, you'll never pay closing cost again.
You want to find out more about it?
Call 1-800-940-Lind.
Grab yourself real financing power.
Grab it.
With the low rate mortgage, you can move to your next property with a further cost of expense.
Only one mortgage from financial group is what we're talking about.
For details, it's 1-800-940-Lind.
It's a whole new way to buy.
Zero underwriting fee, zero doc, fee, zero prepayment penalty, zero closing cost, even when you move to another property.
How can you beat that?
So get financing at just 1.95%.
Call 1-800-940-Lind and never, ever, never pay closing cost again.
Call 1-800-940-Lind.
Either an equal housing lender, restrictions apply, rates subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
My life and loss.
This is 420560.
The way to weigh.
Gementich, I am a pussy.
Still a king of power.
I'm telling you.
I can still get down.
I can still say, oh, to where that glow.
I proud of it too.
And the little kid.
Cause we love them too.
But now it days it's different.
Especially when I dance and move on.
Cause if I move around too much.
Take the place you're spending far off.
And say, I'm back.
I'm back.
Still move to the prove you know.
Oh yeah, I'm back.
I'm back.
Do the spade in my lower back.
You know I'm back.
I'm back.
Get a king of power.
Cause back.
When a pamphlet rim begins to run back.
Cause in my free month days, we're back.
I'm back.
Number 32-560-WD-Q.
I'm a bad dog at 2.00-A-Humper at 4.
And then you got your panthers preview at 7 o'clock tonight.
Cause the panthers are home against the New York Islanders.
New York.
The Islanders, not who are not that bad this year.
They're okay.
At 7.30 and then 80K after the hockey game.
Jo and Marco were night.
And of course my close personal friend.
Absolutely.
Yolte in the morning.
Let's see.
Lorelistner faxes and says tonight at 9 o'clock on the Sundance Channel.
A documentary about the 2000 presidential theft will be on.
I found this to be as chilling a documentary as I've ever seen.
While I didn't see the CBC broadcast, I heard it on your show and feel a bit of the same quality.
Please urge as many people as you can to see this tape it and pass it on.
Hey, see it tape it and pass it on.
Glad you mentioned that.
What?
Glad you mentioned that.
That tape that you played.
Yeah.
Twice.
I'm still writing comments on that from people.
Positive.
Are you really?
Yeah.
I'll see.
I thought they hated that stuff.
Well, I don't know.
It's hard to read this crowd.
I just think that one for all of our can on Wednesday.
The QM just.
That was the end of us.
We're finished.
They're not hard to read.
Huh?
They're not hard to read.
Remember?
Whatever.
I suggest the latter.
I don't know.
It's just because so few people get the sun dance channel.
Everybody needs to see it.
I sure is how long I don't think I get no sun dance channel.
I don't even know what that is.
I don't think so.
It's one of the movie channels actually.
It's.
It is.
I don't know.
It's.
Yeah.
Do I get the sun dance in my pants?
Probably do.
We get it.
I get it.
What do you mean you probably do?
Because it's a movie channel that you get most of the movie channels like HBO Showtime.
No.
No, we don't.
No, I don't.
I got a whole bunch of other movie channel like Bravo.
Sundances like the independent film.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
I get it.
What is this?
He's just died.
Oh no.
My TV just throws up and the whole thing just the whole mechanism here just you know what I'm
saying.
That's not a good old man.
Anyways, all fine.
If I had this sun of hell or not.
That might be the beginning of a communist plot.
You think so?
Come on.
We're going to the end of the world.
Okay.
Let's smit-can this other.
A poll here.
Eric.
We have three hundred and what three forty six and I see that the alunis out there got to a red
The other good thing we're getting to solve it there. What's your take on game marriage?
Absolutely everybody should have equal rights 147 42 and a percent why should I care 88 25 and a half percent put those two together
They got about 68 percent
Civil unions are okay, but not marriage mr. 45
No marriages no way God didn't create Adam and Steve 38 and only for members of the
priesthood 28 of 353 they're pouring in now
God didn't create Adam and Steve okay Adam and Steve he created a man and a woman which of course is why we want all our women to like
Bend over a doogie style and back home. Yeah
Okay, see that argument. I think went out the old window you know, I mean
Once all you guys started getting obsessed with that anal crap
I never argued the point and there's nothing worse than anal crap
Mark says I want to thank you for your reading list and thoroughly enjoying Franken's book on lies and lies to tell them the chapter on
Bitch slapping Goldberg. That's not Hank. That's Bernard Goldberg on his book and like a facts
I hope you keep reading excerpts from it each day. I'm a little ahead of where you are
So it's fun to go over it again
Every Democrat and government should be required to read this book the way they can go into talking to chose arm
It's time to go after the lying right wing my next book to read is hey dude. That's not hey dude
It's hey Jude dude. Where's my country? And that's the the what is it? The book on the house of South and how we protect them
It says Oprah had her book club. Why can't you have yours? You're not even as fat as she is says Mark
No, I'm not as fat and not as rich and nobody. Oh listen to the show no more
Hector says this is cute on the subject game marriage as a friend of mine's a divorce attorney
He's thrilled about gays getting married not because of my friend being open-minded
But he can't wait for the divorce procedures to start good point Hector
It'd be a cottage industry as they say at the old cottage in cottage country anyway getting back to the story I started a half an hour ago
Yeah, W.I.M.
Yeah, sir. How you doing?
I'm why you don't know how franken's book I've already read right when you get to this part about
This about Bob's news and British, right? You know they try to try to
This was Indian guys that every time you bring up the subject that Clinton had a chance to get been live and then do it
Mm-hmm. Just got named Margaritza
With box call of them on affairs experts
When you get to that chapter in the book about that reason the answer to your audience about this guy
This guy's so full of crap that he wouldn't believe it. How did he?
It's probably a pseudodemean government and
This reason I just want to pray that little sense because I really don't have that much material
But I want to begin to that sense about my three jobs. That's the same
Okay, you can let your listeners know about this guy that Bob news right to parade out there
Asked a foreign affairs expert and he's the one that saying Clinton had a chance
That I was trying to broke up there between the suit needs government and Clinton to bring in been live
It's a home to the hard watch man. So you're not saying that Fox is unfair and unbalanced or you
You can read that past and see your girl your listeners
I'll only look for it during the break. I look for maybe I'll do it today
Okay, all right, thanks pali. Have a great time
Even gelacles are for more likely to stay homosexuals can change
Catholics and mainline Protestants fall in the middle and more secular people are most likely to say they cannot change since Scott
Keter a poster with Pew Research Center for the people in the press the people in the press
The survey reinforced the finding that religious attitude sharply affect feelings on gaze and gay behavior
Those are the high level religious commitment opposed gay marriage 80 to 12 percent the poll found that opposition to gay marriage has grown since mid-summer
With 32 percent in favor in 59 percent opposing in July 53 percent said they oppose the now 59 quarter this
Political attitudes sharply affected beliefs about gay marriage. What a surprise. Aren't you shocked? No
Four and five of those who say they would vote to reelect president Bush opposed gay marriage while those who prefer that a Democrat when the presidency are evenly split fitty-fitty
Younger and I see here's what I don't understand about young people 18 to 30 really young compared to me. I mean
60 percent are bush liquors. Okay. They're the biggest demographic of people who support Bush great watch
But on the no but on the issues they don't agree see if they make any sense to me
Younger adults were far more likely to say they favor gay marriage and those between ages 20 and 30 about evenly split on
favoring or posing it
Opposition grew steadily as people age increased among those they waited here this among those in the 60s and 70s
Opponents on number supporters by more than four to one the old fogees man setting their ways. Oh
No, we can't have them faggots getting married enough to children stuff like that. We're gonna go to hell and I had basket
That's hand basket rhymes with casket you'll be seeing one soon
Americans with college degrees were closely divided on a question of gay marriage 49 percent oppose 44 percent in favor
In other words a younger and more educated people say a lot of hell not and older and stuffy or in more right-wing people say
No, no, the Bible says this and you're gonna write in hell is what they say much like what they say kind of like for out you're gonna write in hell, baby
Let's bring them back for a couple of weeks
I'll go get it the survey now what we need him because we're a tourist man
I'm telling you we got some real problems here
And I don't think that the powers that be are aware of it. They're they're still basking the glory of that marlins month
That October that phony month, you know all the sports shows man sports talk is where I said I don't think so
I don't think so it's pretty damn boring
The survey found the public is moved toward widespread opposition against discrimination generally against homosexuals
Despite the opposition to gay marriage now. Here's another good when I love this and I feel so guilty now
Not you now you understand I've ever done anything I
Just think about it. I say most Americans 55% say they feel that homosexuality is a sin
While 33% disagree 55% of America, which is why America continues being in the stone age
Far far behind the rest of the civilized supposedly civilized and educated world
55% it's a sin 33% say nay. What would you get if you asked those same Americans about lesbianism?
Oh, they like it. All right. Where can they see it? Mm-hmm?
10 highly committed. Oh, here you go 9 and 10 highly committed
They should be committed white evangelicals and nearly three quarters of black protest and say homosexual behaviors are sin
Oh the Lord done it the Lord done it. He saved me from my self
How do you like that? I mean America you just look at what it's made up of man
I don't want to use the word morons, but they're sure a lot of running out of the loose. Okay. We got that other pull up there now with
I say Brittany if I had a daughter I
Like to have her just like Brittany. Hey, we'll only one exception. Don't bring Justin home
right
No, can you imagine all the hot looking?
You can't pick a shoes. You got to take the good with the bad. I see well
How about if your daughter brought somebody home that looks like think Justin think about no, thank you. Yeah, you sure you're positive?
I'm out of here and all that money. Okay
You go girl
18 till no at least if he's sure to be spread it around a little bit, okay?
In fact, it looks just and looks like somebody spread it all around right on his push 18 till noon at Q.I.M
We got that big one of two hour come up. It's Wednesday. I don't know. I feel pretty good today
I don't know what it is if you like that. Hi, is that what it is? Is it Wednesday? It's um thing?
I don't know there's something in the year plus I'm not breathing that real humid stale air of some flora no mo
And I'm not smelling that backtrack from
Mozans
If you're looking for a fun original gift for somebody's birthday and a bus area for the holidays make somebody's day by setting them a
Vermont teddy bear just call one 800 829 bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you choose from over a hundred
Hand-fired bears delivered with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box
You can shop online too at Vermont teddy bear dot com
It's a lot more personal and fun than those flowers which die in no time at all and believe me your teddy bear will be enjoyed forever
You won't believe the reaction you'll get you some bears like the birthday soup bear the Thanksgiving turkey bear or
Babies first Christmas bear they got bears for just about every occasion all of the bears are handmade in Vermont and guaranteed for life
The quality is positively earned the late one it is overnight and Saturday delivered guaranteed to so call for Montetti bear toll free at
1-800 829 bear or shop online from on teddy bear dot com 1-800 829 B.E.A.R. and tell them that ancient
Neal told you to call Vermont teddy bear
Anyway, here's the fact that says the Sundance channel is Robert Redford channel which primarily shows movies that have been shown at the Sundance film festival
It's usually only available from your cable satellite TV provider as part of their alpha platinum titanium coated jewel encroached a total viewing package for 600 a month
Thank you very much. Maybe I do get it here. I don't know if you lot the funky things
You'll be pleased to know that I had an unplug and plug did you hear did it do anything on the ear? Oh, yeah, it was now noisy and
No, seriously no oh well, that's because I don't have the pot open for the TV
Not only will life change on the ground see but not I got it open so everything's back
Thank goodness for that because if the world comes to an end we want to be able to report it first right here on a show
Okay, what famous living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter if you had one and maybe you do
Maybe you don't but just for fun 46 votes Hillary Clinton 15
Susan sir, I'm not saying anything a Susan surrounded seven Jocelyn elder six
Oprah six marine doubt five Britney Spears got four. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with having a daughter just like Britney
bringing home the bacon
Rhea Shriver
bringing home that hot meat
Rhea Shriver three and Natalie mains from the Dixie's he's got the big
She ain't got none. Okay, Mr. Smarty pants. Huh? That's because she got fat. She got nothing so far
WQ a hello
Good morning. Yes, ma'am. Our lady finally must be psychic. I was just thinking we haven't had one lady call her all day
Well here I am and it's good news all right not only do I love your reading of the Al Frankenbook
But it changed my life really yes my husband has stopped watching
Bill O'Reilly because of your reading yes
Oh, I still I feel like I accomplished something at the best news I've ever had my life
That's blocky bully Bill O'Reilly
Okay, thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you great news
How do you like that? See to and got a word something see the problem is we're here for waiting's and money and not to
Accompanying but I don't know I'm starting to do that was money. That was funny stuff
What the book the Al Franken's okay now? What is the one? He's talking about Fox something with
What one is that I?
Attend the White House correspondent dinner with and
Annoy Carl Roe v. Pearl Paul Wolfitz and the entire Fox News team, but that's not it
I'm looking at the various chapters near to try the our friend that called earlier the chapter on Fox that might be it
Chapter on page 58. Let me just take a look
What nothing well? No, I was whole thing about Rupert Murdock and Roger Ailes and all of these other far buss and a right wing assholes
But there might be a thing in here that he's talking about about the Indian guy the Indian guy
Then he had on his the guest talking about the
Chainscape of Osama Yamama
Don't don't say what's Dodd
If any program on a Fox line up represents the network's credo fair and balanced
It's got to be what has been called the highest rated show on television
Hannity and combs. He's got handy in big print and combs and little teeny tiny letters
Every everywhere he presented here. He's got handy with big letters and combs and little tiny letters and for example
His chapter on Hannity and combs, which is after the little righty one
He says he says Colmes rhetoric and every time he writes to Alan or Colmes, it's in little tiny letters
Colmes rhetoric may not be fiery, but at least there's not much of it and the state of the Union show team Frank and did a little
rudimentary content analysis
They counted how many words and it he said and then they counted how many words
Combs said in tiny letters then we compared them Hannity and huge letters
2086 combs and little tiny letters 1261
So there you go. I haven't found the other thing and I don't want to do it on here
I'll do it while I'm playing all I'm bit stirring I wanted to our dean leads carry a new Hampshire Democrat primary
Howard Dean extended his double digit lead over rival John carry among luxury voters in New Hampshire's Democratic presidential primary
Accorded away pulled a choked Wesley Clark losing ground
Oh general if he'd hang out more with the mainstream people instead of the old Jews at the delis
He might be getting a little more support, you know
Although they're primarily our committee delis in New Hampshire
Dean the former Vermont governor was favored by 39% of Democrats and independence planning to vote in the January 27
Primer Carrie had the back in the 23 39 23 and the pull by Marist College's Institute for Public Opinion
The other candidates were in single digits 14 undecided 14 percent
Single digits so when New Hampshire's a tourist race 39% for Dean and 23% for the scary John Kerry
Oh, I love this story. Well, I don't love this story, but I mean just I wonder I wonder who wrote the book of love
Palm Beach this is from the Sun Sentinel no less which we rarely even waste our time with us two fish rappers in South Florida
Palm Beach County woman faces eight to 16 years in prison for having sex with a 13-year-old boy. Are you familiar with this story? No?
Now obviously it's you know not kosher having sex with a 13-year-old boy even a 12-year-old boy is Michaels about to find out but eight to 16 years in prison
You think that might be just a little heavy duty a
Little bit a mother of three. Well, how much what would you say six or seven?
Okay, a mother of three pleaded guilty yesterday to having sex with a 13-year-old boy and supplying alcohol to other teenagers who regularly hung out at her house
Wester Lake worthwhile her husband was at work. Oh
See for that
Amy Dwayne 37 agreed to a plea deal at a leave her in the fate in the hands of Palm Beach County circuit judge Jack Cook
She faces eight to 16 and a half years in prison under state sentencing guidelines
Sheriff detectives arrested Dwayne a data entry processor in elementary school and her friend debris far of a
Girl Scouts register in May after both women admitted having sexual contact with boys at Dwayne's home
According to court records
Neighborhood junior high and high school students told authorities that the two women allowed them to drink and smoke at the
Pinyon Drive House when Duane's husband a firefighter wasn't around but wait there's more
Yeah, what does that mean the drink and smoke and we'll get to it just relax
It's calm down. You're like her husband right here. You're holding that hose too tight
Dwayne first told investigators that she and the victim were really good friends but later professed her love for the boy
Dwayne maintained that she had sex with the victim this business like a throwback. What was that brought in?
Very Kate let her know there you go
She maintained she had sex with the victim once but the teenager indicated the sexual relationship might have started up when he was 12
According to BS oh reports are not Palm Beach County the teenager told authorities they had sex at least three times
But who's counting?
Apparently he was the victims mother set Tuesday that Dwayne a woman they had considered a good neighbor had an ongoing
Sexual relationship with her son the family is still trying to heal from the damage done by Duane the mother said the
Sun sent was not publishing the name of the mother prevent identifying the victim a juvenile
The mother said she approved of the plea deal because she's sent in one to go to court and she didn't want him to go through the
embarrassment of a trial
Duane didn't speak at any length at her court hearing as she pleaded guilty to a single kind of ludor
Lasbias battery and nine misdemeanors counts to sail about called a persons out of 21 as part of by the way to a legal
Drinking agent Ontario here is 19
I just mentioned that in passing okay as part of the plea deal probably don't you think it's a little more realistic than 21?
Yeah as part of the plea deal prosecuted is agreed to drop a second kind of ludor Lasbias
Behave battery she declined to talk as she left the courtroom with her attorney
Let's see well there you go. It's got some more comments the attorney said this and this one said that but that's the story
I mean obviously a grotesque unacceptable act but
8 to 16 and a half years now if it comes to fight out Michael Jackson is convicted of having sex with a 12-year-old boy how many years
We should we give him about 30 man there it sounds reasonable to me
30 hundred okay. I'm for that
Okay, let's get some names for this poll here and quit the dittle and around because we only have one more hour before a big one
A tour which is shocking to me who's running the board now Tommy?
Stomach still Tommy. Well, what Miguel just leaves the building he just left
We don't know he was supposed to go to a meeting for 45 minutes and come back to relieve me but right
Maybe went to relieve himself. There is no relief
Hillary Clinton's got 23 what famous living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter if he had one
Hillary 23 Oprah 12 Susan survived in 11 Marine Dow 10
Joy-Sloen elders nine
Why do they call her Joy-Sloen? I mean, I know that was her name. It's not spelled like that
Maria Shriver 7 Britney Spears 7 and Natalie Manners is finally got means whatever her name is miss manners. Natalie means has got a pair
But they're getting kind of like heavy and the bloated is what I'm here. She's got oh she got pregnant
Vixie one no wonder one of them Vixie chicks might have been afrikin with
Hicks
To get her kicks on root. It's love 56 four to them and I like the 60
Licks yeah, yeah, that's it. Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing you can get your licks there guys because men
They've been doing it right for guys and South Florida for 40 years in that same location
40 long amazing years. Well, that's like almost some kind of a record
2650 Northwest Fifth Avenue and Miami fashion districts is where you'll find Shelley Bloom's and it's Shelley Bloom's cold
Years will find fine men's clothing suits and sport coats slacks dress and sports shirts size even shoes if you want to be a
Stapid dresser unlike most of us at QAM. Here's the place you ought to be doing it as to find people at Shelley Bloom's
What the secret is is staying in business in town for the past 40 years and they'll tell you the three keys to their success are
Service selection and price simple as that George UR Monty suits that sell from
1395 bucks to 1595
Self-rone 795 bucks at Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing even offer a fantastic slice of Italian suits starting at just
225 bucks each you'll say acha peakia the selection is fantastic the service is great
Thousands and Zillions of suits in stock at all times and their alterations are unbeatable too
So if you really want to look snappy you want to find great deals
Unbelievably low prices. This is the place like it's been for 40 years. Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing is 2650
Norse Northwest Northwest Fifth Avenue and Miami fashion district opened Monday through Saturday 913 a.m. Till 6 p.m
Stop by and tell me old meals since you buy Shelley Bloom's fashion clothing
By the local
60
This mark Morgan is the 12 to 1 hour on Q8m
Hi, this is Jocelyn elders and I'm mad mad at those right wing sons of bitches that force Bill Clinton to fire me
Just order the hell they think they are all I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers
Maybe if Jesse Holmes had buffed the chip or new gang rich had butters of corn a little more there wouldn't be so upside
Flawing the dog never hurt anybody and if people did a little more of it we might save some lives
Hell of Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey he'd even be in less hot water
Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal
We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like
C. Dick run when you see this run get to the doctor because you picked up a bad case of crowns crickets
Folks we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in there are too many kids out there
Taking a baloney ride and parking there y'all in hair harbor now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle
Pump the python walk the door
Wax the carrot or tickle the taco we'd all be better off
And that's all I have to say now I'm going home now
I see if mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toaster and hail oyster and
Burn the brillo 12.02 at 5.60 WDQ. I'm it's our gigantic new into one hour and of course one to two we've had like a layout
You know are we laying out? No, we're having fun. Oh
Anyway 101 votes what famous living person we like to see as a role model for your daughter if you had a daughter
Hillary Clinton 26 students ran in 15.Oper 14 jesslyn oldest 12 marine doubt 11 maria shriver 10
Britney Spears 9 Natalie means four we'll get some more names on here this hour
I just thought we just put on there a sabre deo Connor
Why not?
She's got a kind of nice attitude. She don't mind with clearance. So token Thomas looks up or dressed
She's a bitch. It says I know you I agree with that. It says you don't agree with her politics
Harbor can you please include sabre deo Connor?
Because okay, she would be my choice based upon accomplishments not ideology it says there no problem. We'll put that bitch on air
Visible nasty hateful bitch right wing sell out
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T and Verizon wireless on speaking of right wing
Where's the break on work?
Anyway, let's uh look at these calls man. Where the hell is the scream of section here come into QAM hello
Hey Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, buddy? How you doing?
Pretty good. Hey
Nicole Kidman
Yeah, any special reason
No, I just think that any any more of the way
Society's gone. She's a typical prototype woman
Okay, husband cheats on her taking care of her kids
Also wanted to put a plug in for Joe Mark and Ian Villag for the eight o'clock hour
Okay, thanks. All right too late
Although they did well on the pull after Joe you know blackmailed me and to finally put on the show
I don't know
Okay, there you go
Nicole Kidman for you know kind of like mixed reason nothing too exciting. It's not like all that enthused about a day
No, oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT&T. Let's build this list. Let's go
Let's go. I know that date counties all out of business this week. Everybody's out of there
They're all hiding. That's why one of the reasons we're not getting the usual response we get on our website
All the people in data like gone in hiding
TV they're famous to Broward and stay in hotels. Yeah, I wouldn't be surprised at most of the hotels the motels in the broward
The hotel's we yeah, no, certainly when you imagine that they're loaded. I would imagine because tons of people are like working in
Broward who ordinarily are working and living in day. They're just they got that loud and anticipation of government
It was what a at the FDA a lots of visitors from out of town
You know with the media that's covering it lots of people there to get their push on TV and make a big sauna dance
And they're all I'm not knocking them because I happen to agree with them
But the fact of the matter is the way that they want to accomplish their ends ain't going to get the job done
Right right and my main
Feelings are what those poor bastards who are in business trying to equal living out who had a clothes down their shops
And board off the windows and the van moves to Broward or Palm Beach where would he'll he went and
Hope that when they come back to fight everything's still in one piece. That's that's not a way to live, you know
If you want to protest go
Throw a rotten tomatoes at the government do so go to Washington don't let come to Miami. We already got enough to risk man
We survived alien
We survived the hang in chads. I've got that t-shirt. We survived the joker rollo. I mean for Kranala
We're even surviving me or pinga picanha. Why do you want to do this to us? Huh?
So I feel for them people
W Q a m hello
You knew
Yes, sir. Why would you let me let him clear and put that on your website during the 14 year old kid?
No, were you cut the crap cut the baloney
W Q a m hello
Yeah
Talk to me. Oh speaking
Yeah, yes, sir. Have you seen that five-part thing that's going on the history channel about the possibility of
Lvj kill Kennedy. Yes
I don't know if you're mentioning it has been over the last couple of days and that it really leads to the fact
Ha, we're not here controlling our own destinies in this country. That's for damn sure, man
And um, I just want to want to bring it up because in case some people have a scene that is the fact that
We can't trust none of them. Well, there's there's a book on that I forget what the name of the book was
It was really just uh not that long ago. I'll find out
Yeah, well
And I learned you're reading the story because when the idea working
You gotta try to catch the reels during any place you can and I know I can turn to you and hear it
All right, thanks five five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on it
You wouldn't remember the name of that book about Lvj it was like a strange name no
We'll figure it out
We'll put it on our website eventually
Get a lot of names to this list. No WQ a m hello
Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, let me turn my radio down
I haven't talked to him and let's see all day I just got in the car
But I wondered has anybody brought up the I know you're in the kind of the conspiracy thing like I am
Why is it that Michael Jackson's house was invaded on the same day that Massachusetts brought up the gay marriage thing
Yeah, I'm sure took a that did cross my mind they were talking about that last night that if there was anything that could take
George W and all the protesters in England off the front pages of the newspapers and off the top of the newscast
This was it these two stories. Well, what I'm thinking the illicit is a lot of I think mainstream America
Probably has never met a gay person or they don't realize they have
They associate Michael Jackson with being gay because he's a child molester
That's right and and and they're so that's so far, you know, removed from each other. It's pathetic
And I think that's what they did it for to bring out the Michael Jackson thing to overshadow and get
You get public opinion against the gay man. I think I think outside of the priesthood. I don't know too many gay child molesters
I think you're right there, buddy
I'm gonna go and you two good point
5 6 7 0 5 60 yes the America, you know, and of course another
Democrats are gonna have to deal with this and everybody's ringing their hands. Well, why not?
Okay
Quit beating around the bush if you've pardoned that expression. Let's get right down to it. What do you really think?
Okay, I mean are you like really a hundred percent or you're like 50 percent? I mean, uh, you know, what kind of you will have to start?
Oh, but gee, this is the last thing we needed the audio audio and all that other bolt crap, you know
You know, it reminds me of reminds me of Bubba although Bubba sure got elected in 92 by a pretty good margin by a huge margin
Right even though he said the first thing he was gonna do was like get rid of that whole thing in a military
Right with the ban in case of military and then of course the right winger said not so fast Bubba that lasted for about three minutes
They said well not so fast. That's when we got Don't Acts don't tell
Okay, I won't
Don't ask don't tell because we're watching in the back and we'll like drag your ass out of the closet and then
You know, embarrassing disgrace you
Now what's this stuff you send me about Bernard Goldberg
I just was of his readers in bias now his new book. He's added again. Yeah, Bernard Bernie Goldberg's an asshole
5 6 7 0 5 6 you let's get some names for this poll for this poll. Let's get some names on it. Okay, let's hop on it
You think okay?
W Q a m. Hello
Yes, sir
I got a question about this same thing marriage stuff
Yes, you know, I've been hearing this about months and months months people talking about how
Marriage is ordained as far back as history can find in religion for appropriation
well
If you put the religious argument into it and say that you can't allow things such marriages because it's against a certain religion
The first amendment to the Constitution state the Congress shall make no law
Respecting the establishment of religion or
The what else do you expect religious nuts to say they're always going to use the religions excuse for their bigotry
Now always done it. But the thing is Congress can't create any law respecting any you know if you're gonna put religion into it
Then it's a question of what religion there are freestyles out there that think the same thing marriage is fine
So if you're gonna put religion in that law you have to say
Any ordained religion has the right to choose for themselves whether they're going to sanctify a thing
I think what you're gonna see is a real ugly thing now because now right off the bat as soon as Massachusetts rode yesterday
They're calling for this constitutional amendment which of course is gonna take
Two and a half years because it's got to be ratified by two-thirds of the states
And it's gonna be really divisive and hateful and full of crap and all the usual old evil stuff and a you know be rattled back and forth again
It's it's really sad
Sure, what do we make us win through all that waste all our tax dollars and waste all this time to be used for right much better legislation
It's gonna go before the Supreme Court be struck down because I remember I asked me of blowjob gate all over again about all that impeachment crap
Well, the government cannot create any law that is
discriminatory against the person
It's easy to say that but for example an abortion which you're not doing their best to overturn roe v
Wade and we just got this partial verse birth abortion bill
It's the same thing and of course the courts step in sometimes and then when it goes to the Supreme Court
God only knows what they're gonna do because he's got it stuck with his right wing buddies up there which gave me a
Understand that but the whole question before the courts on abortion is not
Completely religious. It's based on sure. Sure. Sure. Absolutely. It is
The question is based on what things are when you leave
I mean, I'm not gay, but I just I think this whole thing is much to do about nothing
It's wasting every one's time and pissing off a lot of people. I'd rather be it's a red herring man the red hair
I'd rather see my tax dollars be wasted on something else that could actually affect people well
They're doing a good job with that too believe me anyway. You have a great thing and you too
They're doing a great job of wasting our tax dollars over a hundred billion pumping into a rack their pump in it
People dying every day in the public is sitting back. We're like that. I'm serious man. It's just it's scary
Yeah, it's really scary how many stupid brainwashed mindless people are out there
Just no interest in anything else outside of their own little narrow lives and that's it
By the way on you up gay people up there you want to get married hop on a plane come on up to Toronto
Come on up to Ottawa you'll be right out here come up to London, Ontario go to Detroit and hop on the uh old
Bridger the eternal and head over to Windsor
And tie the old knot you'll be sorry by the way
Speaking of red herrings you know one of the best out-floor to dining secrets best kept secrets is right in curl springs
The gold co-cephaloo grilled is celebrated. They're one year anniversary. They got three and a half stars from the Sun Central Showtime Dining Review
They get ten stars from George because when they brought food in a couple weeks ago
He said it was so good. It was almost obscene. It's fantastic
The gold co-cephaloo grilled got lots of great specialties that sound great and taste great including mango plums salmon
almond-crusted mahi mahi orange honey glazed sea bass and crab and shrimp stuffed trout
There's a great bar atmosphere at the restaurant with an extensive wine and martini list too
Big gigantic martinis and happy air only five and a half bucks from four to seven p.m
Every day seven days a week the gold co-cephaloo grill you'll find it in curl springs at
2752 North University Drive right inside the beautiful walk shopping center for reservations called 954
255 fish
954 255 fish you can dive inside or outside large parties and private functions. Welcome to by the way the oldest fish on record and captivity just turned 65
All right, you know that no
65 years old and old and old fish happy birthday to the old fish
Experience the best kept secret lunch and dinner dining. It's the gold co-cephaloo grill and curl springs
2752 North University Drive inside the amazing walk shopping center the gold co-cephaloo grill where you always find great seafood and great prices too
We're sports radio 560
You a yeah
For years you've frosted swakers to bring you 100% pure fruit in our delicious jams and jellies
Well turns out we lied
So that means we're introducing a brand new line of products just for those whining it picking bastards who demand truth and effortizing
It's our all-new toy order products from mother swuckers
Yes, there's sort of strawberry but some grape and practically peach and just like you they're all a bunch of mother swuckers
So for all you who've got another better to do an analy jelly you can all eat this
With a name like mother swuckers each gotta be food
possibly
Don't step on me again Mason process of 18 at 560 WQM 139 votes on this second poll today
If you had a daughter maybe you do have a daughter who would you like to be a role model
Hillary Clinton 40 open 19 students around an 18 Josh Lennel to 16 marine Dodd and Britney Spears 13 13 for Britney
Maria Schreiber 11 Natalie mains has got five San Bernardino Connofore and Nicole Kim and has got the big oh
Probably because she was murdered Tom Cruise and they don't want to touch it. Can you blame? No
560 705 60 pound 560 only 18 teens rising wireless line
Everybody Q I am
Yes, sir speaking
Sounds like me
Okay
Yeah
And well, let me ask you something. Why do we care about that?
I mean what would be the cash all the fame for that right
Oh, that was my bed. That was the best call you right there all I can say is
Chris be cream donuts our kosher with our tax dollars are subsidizing it
How do you like that them Dan Jews are ready to get well? I want my feet donuts got damn it
So probably worse for Duncan donuts, you know, by the way your donuts suck pal. Okay. I like crispy cream a lot
Well, that's okay. So get your coffee at the Duncan Donuts and then hop in a car
Why do you drink it just write on down a road a few blocks and go to crispy cream and get some great donuts?
Had some Duncan Donuts coffee this morning. Duncan Donuts blows. Okay. Their coffee may be the greatest
But I don't drink coffee number one number two. I shouldn't be donuts anyway. No, you should not that was a great call
Let's say I told you if you go through about three thousand
Sooner or later WQ I am hello. Hey, Neha. How you doing? I'm doing okay. Hey listen. I'm still just about for real
Yeah, I love that show. I love it. It pissed off my Republican boss beyond belief which made it better
Well, what does Pearl have to do with politics?
Nothing just well with my boss is we're going right wing bush liquor or whatever is family value
Oh, I see the family values. You's a little bit too risque too over the top for your boss. Yeah
He I mean he got Christmas even heard me listen to it. I work and all the stuff
I want to tell you something really bothers me and maybe I'm maybe I'm reading something wrong of this
But I I'm Thursday and Friday
Unlike some of my colleagues if I could use that term. I told exactly what happened
Whether they like their not knew the audience with most of our listeners who unhappy with what happened
And I told it exactly the way it was and there are a lot of people didn't want to hear exactly the way it was
They wanted to hear me go on and say oh our management's out of their mind
The blah blah blah blah and just rip grid read again
Well, I did rip him for what he deserved and that was hiring a guy
Which he knew what he does in the first place and then firing him for doing what he knew he should have done
You see what I'm saying? I'm sure Greg deserves to be ripped for that
But in this other case when somebody tells you you know the real world when somebody says hey
We're taking a lot of heat because of you like last year it was me
How was the one it was my turn with that kind of ease of business and they tell you look you can't do this again
Or you're gonna lose your job. We're gonna fire your ass unless you're on moron
Let's have some kind of a death wish you say okay. I don't need to do that. See what I'm saying
Yeah, stupid with an awesome show
Right exactly that that's right
It was an awesome show with but the problem was you dealing with a guy who just has a death wish
What if he like went way in with like
Such someone to call him fast down with that help now
Well the word the word is out of control
Well, he's not coming back not on this station
So he didn't buy city and let me say it again
He he was not going to be fired. He was going to be suspended
And when the two guys when clearance and dub called him up on that Wednesday a week ago
And the guys who've been supporting him and saving his job for a couple of months because he keeps going over the edge
And they call him up to try to tell me he's going to be suspended for two days
And you can stick it up your hand up about you miserable
Faggot about all this other crap. Well, you think you're guys going to keep his job doing that
I just got just voted my arbitrarity got diarrhea to him and you him and you and how I think my vote doesn't count
What do you need to help?
Well, it helps you yeah, it's gonna help great get a higher revenue for that time spot because I'll have a higher reading right
You know my guy's gone well
I'll I'll continue as we enjoyed working with him
He was a lot of fun. He was a hoody was getting big numbers in there
Which obviously shows in October
But you have to have a certain sense of survival. You know what I mean in this world
You just can't go off and do whatever hell you want and like eight in between eight and ten
I don't want to hear sports. I want to laugh
Hey, well, what can I tell you?
I think he has tolly we love you. Thanks a lot. All right. Go ahead and get married. Okay. I'm gonna do it
This week
Anybody out there in the street. Hey, come on up. You look pretty good. Let's get married
I mean the for a week at you know dwell on that
I mean what I just said I have the feeling that there were a lot of people
A enormous numbers of guys out there who are really unhappy with what I said. There's the infride you know something
I'd say it again because that's just exactly what happened
And for me to like go and the defendant defend and defend you know what reminds me of back in the Randy road days
Yeah, here's another person if you defended her
95% of the 98% of the time, but if there's two percent of the time you said what no
I think she was wrong about this or or whatever it was oh my god
I thought you were my friend that who uh all I remember those days sure do
Nobody supported her more than I did at iod and yet I still wasn't good enough
Because if you don't support me 100% 100% of the time then you're a piece of crap and you're a backstabbing phony
Well, that's full crap
And we had a good thing going here
But I I was aware of all the stuff that was going on behind the scenes and how long can it go on and I told here's
I'm the one guy. This is what really frost my ass
The one guy in this market who's got the balls and to talk about jack Thompson by name on friday
Which I have no compulsion with doing because there's nothing to prevent me from doing it
Why should anybody who's pulling all this crap behind the scenes can get some kind of an exemption?
I don't know
He's a public figure for years and years now. He's been pulling this kind of a crap
And I told it exactly the way it was and when somebody is on your ass and on the stations acid on your license
There are things that you have to do to survive because if we don't have any license
There is no Scott for well showing there ain't no neo-rodger show there ain't no no show okay. They're ain't nothing
It's a matter of staying in business. It's it's not rocket science
And if you're that much filled with you filled up with yourself and that got that kind of kind of gigantic ego
Then there's a problem there and a problem there
Obviously is following this guy from one place to another because he gets canned everywhere
He goes because he cannot stop he cannot stop going way over the line and like I said last week
He doesn't need to do that
He's off the wall. He's entertaining. He's funny. He's unique. He's all of these things. He doesn't need to go there
But he can't stop
And to me it's kind of like childish, you know
It would have been like if I came on here the next day after meeting like a year ago
November when a year ago now and would have started playing the unexpergated condolese in the next day
I mean it has to be a crazy person
What would be the point
Yeah exactly
George you're fired. Yeah, I've heard that before. Yeah, I know
That's what the most said right?
Yeah, nice going most so far. Yank had anybody fired you just a just a waste of time and Joe Rose says stay down out of his studio
Yeah, he does and now he died now. I see people think I'm making them that up your witness
Joe doesn't want anything to do with it. He made it very very clear crystal clear
Okay, Mo stay down out of there. He doesn't want to conserve with you. He don't want nothing to do with you
It can't stand your ass
So don't come in there pretend to suck around now after after in fact he went so far Mo
Well, Neil. I now I realized I shouldn't own sooner was all Joe stick Joe roses the real ass hole around here
Yeah, he goes from one to the other trying to deflect because of the fact that everybody hates him
You know, so trying to like suck up to me that didn't work either Mo you're still a piece of crap
The most I'm sure is the most unacceptable human being I've ever met in my life in her outer radio
I just never encountered anybody so full of himself and full of crap
In addition to what you show a soda and boring man. It's just ponderous
Unbelievable Mo
Anyway, let's see Rudy says it was great listening about Bill or Riley, but one person is more obnoxious is Sean Hannity
Please read out frankins of chapter about Sean Hannity while I will be next
And Alan Crohn's and teeny tiny letters you really have to see the pages. It's so funny because he's got
You know Sean Hannity and big letters and Alan coams a little teeny tiny
Uh
Alex's I hope you read this in on the air want to comment what you've been talking about today
Wanted to know why people feel it's the responsibility correct the world who cares if you have two guys
I want to get married it doesn't insult me bother me or harm me in any way the people should worry about their own lives
Which I'm sure it's not that great since they can't control their lives
They want to control ours if guys want to marry each other and it's supposed to go to hell then that's their problem right
Maybe they want to flame in hell if they're flaming
They're not taking me with them for what they do. I live my life the way I want net freedom
God gave us God and quotes says Alex nice going Alex
You're a little chronic but nice going
Yeah, when people start worrying about other people's sex lives then you have to really wonder
Yeah, what the hell is going on with them, you know?
Who are they doing
27 past noon at 560 WQM if you got a really menial crappy job
And you've spent a lot of energy, but it's not worth it because your paycheck is like squat
Here's the answer for you make one simple call that could change your life forever
One eight six six fast train that's the number to dial because fast train can have you trained in certified for a real honest
A goodness high paying computer network professional career or a high paying medical computer specialist
Greer and there is a little is four months just four months out of your life is all it takes to get on the road to real success
That's right fast train offers day evening weekend classes
They offer job placement assistance and even financially the people qualify to
Fast trains got six convenient Florida locations two over in Tampa
Which quite frankly who cares about that but for in South Florida
So there's bound to be one close by where you live convenient for you
So if you'd like to get out of your dead end job say goodbye to your boss
As kisses ask goodbye pick up that phone and call fast train right now get the training for a real skilled job
And a big paycheck that goes along with it
Check them out of the web if you like first at fast train.com and make that call and please don't forget tell them that the illustrious Todd Dreck
With a capital D totally to call Todd Dreck fast train. It's one eight six six
Fast train
Every good Christian knows a game
To play
If it's not so very hard to do
The name of the game is the Bible
I said if you were to put it to where we do tell people you know the way
Invite them to your house
They're possessions away
And then you burn it down
You can get somebody to believe that
You make the Bible say it's true
You can be
Will always work if you pick up the poison is
Oh my god
She
Speech to crop out of her kids
Yeah
And only nine days away from another big anniversary speaking of a rinse and a cool aid
Jim Jones, and I know they tried it out. Some of these survivors from Jones, don't you see that?
Yeah. I mean, why are we commemorating that? Is there any special reason?
Well, we should remember it if not commemorate. Why is that? Because it was a bad thing. And this
is what can happen to you if you believe a preacher. Oh, in other words, if you believe a cult like any of the other religions.
I know. I can't say it's always a bad thing to me. And I got sucked in years ago back in those boring days when I used to do shows with guests on KAT
and WS News. And wow, we have to deprogram kids from these cults because they get brainwashed. And they take away their
ability to think. And I remember asking in those days, because I used to like argue with all the priest and the rabbi's and all the mother goyum.
You know, well, what's the difference? What constitutes a cult? And the answers were just shocking, mind-boggling. Well, you know, something with a strong,
you know, like a father figure. And I'd say you mean like the Pope? Oh, yeah, like that. Oh, no. And taking people's ability to reason for themselves away from them.
Oh, you mean like all the other means they so-called Judeo Christian and all the other Muslims. Of course, all of these things.
Every religion is a cult. Okay, it's just that some do a better job of it. And some are more accepted by the guy, their mainstream media, who I don't have the balls to take them on. That's the problem.
So all of this business about gay people and gay marriages and the straight people and slavery and all this other crap. And women are like, see, when you're looking all the religions of the world and see the way that women are treated,
how dare the so-called Western religionists point their finger at the Muslims and talk about the way that they treat women.
Huh? Right. It's all the same crap. It's all the same. Cravitch is a different way of doing it. That's all.
The Judeo Christian tradition has a long rich history of subjugating women and making them 10th class citizens. All those Middle Eastern religions. All the same. Right.
All of them lunatics. Crazy people. And if you don't believe me, take just take a look at the news. Just take a glance at your pants.
Airbeade, they're busy. Get on each other. Well, here's another illegal settlement over here. And because we think that one of the terrorists might live in this block, let's just blow some houses up. And maybe some of his relatives will die too. And that'll teach them a lesson.
At least they won't be doing no suicide on them. Yeah. And of course we're doing the same thing now in Iraq. There's a good story on our website. There's a lot of good stories on our website. Nobody's going to it anymore. That's okay. They're busy.
But there's a great story about that about how we're doing the same thing in Iraq now as part of our desperation to try to find a way out. Just wholesale laying waste. Yeah, laying waste. Well, so in other words, if a bunch of houses are turned to rubble and are happened to be some innocent bystanders, some panoramas innocent bystanders, and some bunch of kids in there. Well, that's just the way it goes. It's more collateral damage. And we don't count them anyway.
We make sure that there's nobody in those groves that we're cluster bombing right now. Right.
This in this cute. I want my daughter to grow up to be just like Richard Simmons.
Oh, okay. Oh, man. Maybe a little bit more macho than that.
He's a real asshole. By the way, if I mention that in a long time, I know what I've heard.
5.6.7. Oh, look at this. Look at this. Oh, man. This is really something. This is more. Huh? There's more coming. Yeah.
Okay. This is from a Google search.
Coral Gables attorney, Jack Thompson is filed a letter complaint objecting the renewal of clear channel's license for classic rock station WBGG.
9 before lottery, big 106 on the basis of the station's carriage of Howard Stern's syndicated morning show.
So you see, it isn't just Scott for well. It isn't just this station. It's any station that wacky Jack, he doesn't approve of.
He's appointed himself as the moral censor of what you people out there can hear on a radio and watch on TV and see on video games.
Any other damn thing. Thompson provided notay tapes or transcripts with the complaint, but asserts that the FCC cannot disregard this informal objection on the basis of some of the rules.
It's a legislative to provide transcripts or audio recordings as these have been provided the FCC by the undersigned and supportive past formal decency complaints about the Howard Stern show only to be ignored totally by the FCC.
This in itself is an abrogation of legal duties of the FCC. Don't you like the tone of that? Yeah. How do you do this? Yaudi, yaudi, yaudi.
And what I thought there's more of this. There's another page coming. It's coming.
So it's I hear it clicking back there already. So there you go. That's it. I think it's time that you people should go behind the scenes rather than all this going on quietly, which is why it's a damn good thing that I exposed the momyster a long time ago like last year for all a crap.
He was trying to pull or getting George fired interfering with this show. Stirring to pot the try to like interfere with everybody.
He can't whether it was everybody on that show the beast and what calls her name Carolyn Carolyn.
See out of sight out of mind. Well, this is just a little bit more on this. More on. More on. Oh, look at this. This is a letter from this is a response from the FCC attorneys, I guess.
Concerns the captioned application for the renewal of license of big for Lauderdale followed by clear channel for the reasons set forth below the informal objections are denied and the application is granted.
How do you like that? The informal objections led to the biggest broadcast in decent programming and violation of 18 yaudi, including the Howard Stern show and the near Roger show and argue that such broadcast.
Now, how do you like that? The near Roger show is non big radio WBGG and argue that this broadcast warranted an aisle of bigs or license free new application.
I sure hope that wacky Jackie didn't mention my name in regard to his complaints because the near Rogers is not supposed to be mentioned by a self-same.
For you to agree with the he signed or revoluntarily ten years ago or more than that.
However, because none of the objections included audio tapes or broadcast transcripts, the commission cannot determine whether they provide a basis for further inquiry or denial of the renewal application further examination.
The renewal application reveals that a grant they're able to further the public interest can be in necessity in light of the above and pursuant the audio to the informal objections are denied and application to renew the license of big FM for Lauderdale are granted.
Why, everybody good at the FCC didn't even have that got WBFF instead of BGG and this one per gram.
If that's interesting, including the Howard Stern show and the near Roger show, the near Roger show is non big 106. What the hell did my name get involved in that again? Jack?
There we go. I'm saving that. Look at the US sincerely.
Since early what? Linda Blair?
Holy cow, the name of the broad that wrote this response was Linda Blair.
That's the power of Christ who pays you.
The power of Christ who pays you.
Audio services division. Mass media bureau. Linda Blair. How do you like that? She's a real head turner. I'll say to that.
I'm saving that and pass that along to the proper authorities. I'll tell that right now.
Get my name involved on a station. I don't even work for them. Which my program may even heard. I wish it was though because it's FM with a big signal.
There's a fact. What? Wouldn't that be nice? Yeah, it wouldn't be. Wouldn't that be nice? That's what Brian Wilson said. Look what happened to him.
Here's the fact it says the suction from always just pathetic and desperate as he tries feverishly to backtrack and back pedal.
Now Neil is okay and Joe roses a buddy. You won't work. We all hate you. Mo everybody. We hate you.
I was going to be the benefit of the doubt says the facts are but listen. You're gloating and backstabbing last week after your friend Scott was canned showed everybody your two covers as a nasty talentless bitter old piece of crap. Very well said. That's the best facts we've had all year.
Excellent. Got your thumb right on it.
1241 at 560 WQM imagine this when you buy you when you get your next mortgage zero closing cost all of these things zero application fee zero credit bureau fee zero discounted points. It's the last mortgage you'll ever need the revolutionary only one mortgage from financial group now with an interest rate of just 1.95%.
That means if you have a $200,000 on your payments are only $738 a month. Once you refinance you get a new home mortgage from financial group you'll never ever never pay closing cost again. So call 1-800-940-Lind. Grab real financing power with low rate mortgage you can move your next property without further cost or expense. Only one mortgage it's called from financial group.
If you want more details call 1-800-940-Lind. It's a whole new way to buy zero underwriting fee zero dot fee zero prepayment penalty zero closing cost even when you move to another property. Get yourself financing at the amazingly low rate it just 1.95% call 1-800-940-Lind and never ever pay closing cost again.
Get more info today by calling financial group at 1-800-940-Lind. The Reneku housing lender restrictions do apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Reneku housing lender restrictions do apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Reneku housing lender restrictions do apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Reneku housing lender restrictions do apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Reneku housing lender restrictions do apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Reneku housing lender restrictions do apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
The Reneku housing lender restrictions do apply rate subject to change monthly 5.19 APR.
Hello. How much?
He said the administration looking for a leader in Iraq who can control the religious fanatics and control the ethnic from killing each other.
Who is going to control the religious fanatics in the USA?
I am saying that what she said and have respect of the people and a very recognizable name.
You know, I just think of it. Before we were in that, they had a guy like that.
Yeah, right.
Hey, who's going to muscle?
He was a brutal dictator, but in the meantime, they had like a law and order and the...
If he had a child and he could have...
Did you hear the new West?
They cannot produce gasoline.
So, Hollywood and vice-gazolin from one of its subsidies in Kuwait for $2.57.
And then they sell it at a huge level for $25.
And $2.25 a gallon, the American taxpayers pay for it.
That's really nice.
That's...
We're in a wrong business man.
We're in a wrong business man.
Oh, yes. That's right.
That's right. The Hollywood and the United States made that like bandage.
And all the, you know, the weapons, you know, a bunker-busting bomb cost $18 million.
A lid out of defective cannon barrels.
Hey, if I were making cannon barrels and I would have to...
I screwed one up and I would have to sell it to a junkman for $500 or the taxpayers for $18 million.
Hey, I would sell it to the taxpayer for $18 million.
There you go. Why not?
Just as much fun as a price.
Thanks a lot, Kelly. That's what you have when you get another...
Another dick in the White House?
Couldn't have said it better myself, Terry.
We miss Terry Griffin. She's a sweetheart.
Yes, she is.
We worked with a lot of nice people over the years, and then we worked with some assholes too.
You know, this fact you sent me, this is a great idea for a pull which we've never done.
I didn't, I don't think we have.
This is good.
Because they sure don't like today's pull, but yeah, I'm going to show you something.
In fact, I'll bet...
No, I don't want to see it.
No, listen. I bet Mo's life on it.
Okay.
Tomorrow for part of the show, you know, a lot of these we do two pulls.
I mean, why not do two pulls? It's more fun than doing just one.
But that's what I always say.
Where if we do the same pull with your son, who'd you, you know, who'd your son like the old model?
Do you understand?
I guarantee there'd be a Zidane Morvots.
You'll see. You'll write a lot more names on it.
It's part of that same thing I was talking to a little while ago.
Who the hell is my husband?
I mean, people, you know, want to do something with him.
They want to do him. They want to use him and abuse him.
It'd be better than that.
It's more compatible women out there.
Right.
And anyway, maybe I'm wrong about that.
Maybe there won't be any names on it either.
Maybe it's just a bad idea.
But I don't think so.
I thought it was kind of cute.
But this thing is good.
The American Phil Institute hums the top 100 movie songs, which is just a cute headline.
Anyway, they're going to honor the songs of Hollywood and it's ongoing celebration of American movies with AFIs,
100 years, 100 songs.
America's greatest music in the movie.
The three hour speciality broadcast next year.
And we never done nothing like that.
So I'm putting it in my TV thing.
It's been not like that.
I'm putting it in my pool pile.
I have an old pile of pools over here and I'm sticking it right on top.
That's a good idea.
Maybe we can get some more names on this pool today before we close this sucker out.
Because it's not good.
Here's Orlando. Hello.
Hi, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How's it going today?
Pretty damn good.
That's good.
Hey, the last couple of days you've been reading Al Franken's book.
Two days ago it was Ann Coulter.
Yes, it was.
You, Riley.
Right.
Man, you're reading his, he said next chapter about the O'Reilly yesterday.
He said, we'll get the Sean Hannity later.
Next chapter.
I would love to hear that.
I don't think you have time today to read it.
How about Tamara?
How does that sound?
Tamara sounds good to me.
That's what man.
He's an asshole.
Okay.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Mother so many assholes and so little time.
He's talking about Sean Hannity by the way, not Al Franken.
You know what I didn't get one call or one facts from anybody who said,
oh, don't read that stuff on here.
And of course, I know if we take the polls, it's a different story because a lot of people like to pile on our poll.
Yeah, and load it up.
Hannity.
In fact, the heading of chapter 14 in Franken's book, it says Hannity and then it's much smaller letters and combs.
This guy is a panic.
He's right on target and he can take the most depressing grotesque stuff and give you a little chuckle to his grade.
I'll say it again.
Michael Moore and Al Franken, president and vice president, and they can like alternate.
You know what I mean?
Like for six months a piece, then we'll like switch positions.
That's a balanced ticket.
I shouldn't say switch position.
Sixth and four say Hillary.
They'd like their daughter to be just like Hillary, frigid.
Twenty five, Joyce, a Jocelyn Elders, Susan, Surrend, and twenty four.
I'm telling you who I loved all of she's dead.
And then people are going to say, you know, the usual homophobes and right wingers will say,
oh, that's because she was a dyke.
It turned out was Barbara Jordan, man.
I loved her.
She was brilliant.
She was articulate.
She had balls.
Well, she was.
But I mean, she was great.
Remember Barbara Jordan?
No.
The Congresswoman from Texas?
No.
I wasn't into politics, uh, whenever that was.
It's not that long ago.
You have to be schmitting me.
You know who Barbara Jordan was.
Barbara Jordan was black.
Right.
Big, heavy, real outspoken, liberal, great, no take, no crap from anybody.
Barbara Jordan was great.
I can't believe it.
I've heard the name and stuff.
I just never heard of the chairs.
I was sitting in the other chair.
You can't sit over there.
You can't sit over there.
Get me.
I'm a little goat.
I shouldn't know because you put clothes on hole.
I didn't have to, but that's good.
But, uh, now Miguel's heard of Barbara Jordan.
Right.
Not.
I'm working with a couple of banana boat people.
I can't believe this.
I bet you if Tommy was still and he wouldn't hurt him.
He's the end of drugs.
I'm sorry for, I mean you've got to be kidding me.
I've heard the name.
I just never sat through one of her speeches.
I didn't watch C-SPAN.
Oh my god, you don't have to watch a C-spander who Barbara Jordan was
Boy that just it just leaves me limp
My whole political interest is relatively recent. Oh here speaking of a stone. We got somebody in Miami. It's his stone. Hello
Yeah, yes, sir. How you doing? Are you stone?
Yes, don't I go excellent?
Well when I heard you read they got Jake Thompson name I could stand Jake Thompson's that Thompson
If this is the same jerk who is a chronic writer to the land here
At a real page right he is a jerk
I mean these guys think I think you're being very kind
Okay
Anyway
They're telling that we'll be fine. Oh exactly. Oh, we're fine very well
So and you'll listen to what you like listening to and he ain't got enough of us about it and have a great thing
Yeah, it's very simple Jack if people have listened to this show or Howard Stern or whatever
They'll listen to it and we still have for real if it weren't for you. I want the audience to know that very clearly
Okay
Because there were no other outside agitators
There was nobody else trying to get the guy came and that's the whole reason that he was taking all that heat and taking all that
Flack and crap and of course you'll notice nobody writes about that because everybody in the newspaper including jick and all
Yeah, there's not understand. They're also intimidated. They're terrified to put the guys name in the newspaper
Less heat come after them again, plus they don't have the agreement like we got against him with me
Which he can't touch me and by the way, I sure hope they didn't mention my name in that big one
Oh six because he might have to pack a toothbrush and some other
Cootraments very soon if he did
Talk about in clear violation, but then again, it's the kind of hanky-panky you expect happens behind the scenes
Nobody ever finds out about right Jack
1256 at 560 wqm if you're looking for a really fun original neat gift for somebody's birthday
Maybe like Mickey Mouse happy birthday Mickey their anniversary for the holidays make somebody's day by setting a Vermont teddy bear
Just call 1-800-829 bear and a friendly bear counselor will help you choose from over a hundred hand-capted bears
Delivered with a card and chocolate and a colorful gift box
You can shop online to it from ontetaybear.com
It's more personal and fun than flowers and it'll be enjoyed forever
I mean flowers are dead no matter of hours and they're like a distant memory
And you won't believe the reaction you'll get to with a Vermont teddy bear
Choose from bears like the birthday suit bear the Thanksgiving turkey bear or babies first Christmas bear
They got bears for every occasion all the bears are handmade in Vermont and guaranteed for life the quality is
Unbelievable overnight and saturated delivery guaranteed to so call Vermont teddy bear toll free at 1-800-829 bear for a really neat gift or shop online at Vermont teddy bear.com
That's 1-800-829
B-E-A-R
Be sure and tell that fat Neal told you to call
It's not just the 1-2 hour. It's a phenomenon
Happiness
Peace a sense of well-being a sense of self-worth
It comes from the inside out. It doesn't come from the outside in
Suke
Is there at all
Text is matter
Fors there's only not
No, they'll frame it when they won't
He's a misdi noticing no et al
Never one should see
Crazy
That's crazy.
Dr. Phil, why?
Do your eyes do that?
Dr. Phil, try.
Do some of your own fans.
What makes you think that you do have the right to judge him for gain a few penalty
of your money?
What's the point?
What's the point?
What's the point?
What's the point?
What's the point?
What's the point?
What's the point?
You're not up, just leave and take your son in case
You decide and watch the TV
Put the finger up their butt
Where's your white bump to know?
White bump to know what Christians do for fun
Venus being violent in the corners
Whilearming their nuts
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know
When Christians do perform
Posting white and tasty from the faculty
It's hailing back to macaroni and cheese
Gun holes in the digi, just in case they reproduce
That's just about all they're allowed to do
White love to know, white love to know
White love to know, white love to know
White love to know, white love to know
Do they get it swollen, putt, while feeding out their guns
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know
When Christians do perform
Do they polish up the fish
I'm tailgating of their truck
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know
When Christians do perform
See that standing heat and sit back down, I can't get you
And my shirt all down with a twelter like a fru
Live a life of boredom up to heaven, you go
I'd only smile the bun, pouring at home
Whoa, white love to know, white love to know
White love to know, white love to know
Yeah, I'd love to know, white love to know
White love to know
All right, back to my next video
New this fall on Fox
It's a late night talk show unlike any other you've ever seen
Thicking a pop snuggles into his king-size bed with war milk and cookies
And interview some of Hollywood's hottest young celebrities
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey no
This is Michael Jackson in bed with an Oscar nominee who was currently starring as the voice of Movy and Disney's New Animated Adventure, the younger book 2
Please welcome my special guest in my bed, Hayley Jordan Azman
Oh, do we have to do this in your bag?
It's innocent. It's very charming
I let my children sleep with very good.
Oh, so tell me, Harry, Joe, Osmond.
How was it working with lovable bear balloon?
He's not real, Michael. He's a cartoon voice by John Goodman.
Hey, look what I could do with this.
You never know who's going to be sleeping in Michael's bed.
I'm here with my next guest, Snuggler Love in my bed.
It's a big TV star.
The child will play simple, which is son and n.y. p.d. blue.
Hello, child, will play simple, which is son and n.y. p.d. blue.
Bye, my heart.
Would you like to play a game?
Child will play simple, which is son and n.y. p.d. blue?
Sure.
Put put on this mask.
I'm here with you.
Having so much fun, me and my children play this game with very good all the time.
Put the mask on.
I'm here with you.
Touch this one time.
So grab some more milk and cookies and join Waco Jacko for some late night TV like you've
never seen before.
It's sleeping with Michael Jackson.
We can't eat son-falks.
Down there, get down there, you're moving wild.
I dropped in on the floor.
I was turning blue.
I'm bad right after you.
I never thought that I would die at the same time that Johnny has to do.
Shuffee, ambulance door.
Shuffee, ambulance door.
Where's nothing else you can do?
Johnny and I are three food of pickups that come in and pass away with the boy named Spoon.
I think I may have thought something when I think to pass on with that day.
I always thought you were a fool.
Well, every show I could believe.
Oh, there was Italy, it's all from the alcohol and in the cocaine.
I was a star of the two.
And that was both of the two.
So ladies and gentlemen,
I'll break it down now.
Have you been introduced to?
Tell me something called the RIA.
Break it down.
I knew one Saturday it would all come down on me.
Although there's been three years and I got off the whip for breath.
So I'm saved goodbye to those songs I've promised.
So they said three songs on a loud.
So I'm paying for them now.
Mama, listen.
Senior reader, RIA, soon lost.
Now the fun is over.
And now we are soon no more free soul.
Sharing our music isn't too many hard.
It ain't heard no one.
Now everything you discover,
All complaints and everything.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
When summer rolls around,
there's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch
with a nice cold glass of country moment lemonade.
The only thing they could make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me.
Now I'll wait a second.
A pretty little naked girl.
Yeah, that's what I meant.
No, no, wait.
A pretty little naked girl who puts a hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real gentle like it.
No, no, no, I got it.
A pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh, talking dirty in my air,
throwing me on the porch and has her way with me.
Yeah, yeah, that's it.
She just starts pounding me man, riding the hog screaming,
do me baby, do me.
Give it to mama.
Yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Oh, forget the damn lemonade man, just give me a naked girl.
Come on, I need for a ride.
He's a super star.
He's a super star.
He's a super star.
He's a super star.
He's a super star.
He was hanging in the tree, he was speaking in the ring or in the bell.
He was in his pants, can't keep it in his pants.
So he ate the food and they had a kiss.
That's what things got in real.
He said, look, I'm pissed.
And it seems that when she said,
if they both look back on the outside,
she's not being worth it to strive.
Can't keep it in his pants.
Can't keep it in his pants.
That day in Eagle Carrow,
he won't look back but not old.
But now he's chasing my home.
No more words he could speak.
No more words he could speak,
unless it's here's a word she.
Now, COVID knows he's got a good lawyer
to paint the cheerleader on these two.
His wife won't say a thing
with a field of honking ring on these two.
Yo, you will put the ring on.
Who's gonna be next girl before you come on earth?
I don't know.
The stings are so crazy.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
I'm so deep in your eyes
The poll shifted more and more every time
When he leaves his house as a recover,
And Booster Runny is gaining info.
Such funny things for me to try to plain.
The emphasis is that three days, the tips to plain,
Cuz I know I don't understand
Who the hell's supporting, Gary Coleman.
I think you're not just fine, didn't they?
No, they were great.
Come on to chapter one.
I love the way that baby ends, don't you?
Man, real abrupt.
Come back to one at five, 60, WNVQM, we got the mad dog stand by, he'll be here two to four.
Hank Goldberg at four, we got Panther preview, any interest?
Panther's against the islanders tonight at the Macarena, preview at seven again, time seven, 30 with jugs into the clown.
And then you got after the game, Eddie Kay and Joe and Mark overnight, two to five in the morning.
You know what, it comes to having your carpets cleaned in time for these holidays coming up.
Thanksgiving is just a days away and then of course you got Christmas and Shannuka, New Year's, all of these things.
Why not do it now?
Call our good friends and draw concepts.
When you make that call, ask them how you can say 15% on your next carpet cleaning.
When they get done, you'll be amazed. I guarantee you.
I'll bet you most life on it.
You'll look down on the floor and say they just look like brand new carpeting just laid on the floor.
And that's exactly what they do, which is why I've used them for over 20 years in my home.
They make even the schmutziest looking carpets look just like brand new, because they dry clean your carpets.
They leave them sparkling, clean, vibrant and color, soft to the touch smelling lemony fresh, they grind a couple of hours.
It's like somebody came in with the magic wand and performed a miracle on your floor.
They're doing it right in town for like I said, a coons age.
And not only that, but they do a spectacular job on your oriental rugs in your drapery and a pulse for all of these things as well.
And to give you a written guaranteed price up front before they start the job.
All the way around, you can't beat these stupendous jobs that they do for you at dry concepts.
Call them today, tool free and get your house looking really great for the holidays.
Call 1-800-248-5071.
That's 1-800-248-5071.
Clean today, entertain tonight with our friends at dry concepts.
And love calls. This is Forth Real by Sixty.
The Way to A.M.
Part of the same old seafood restaurant.
Here.
Skip the red lobster and come on in to Erica's Red Snapper.
Erica's Red Snapper is very popular.
That's why it's the only Red Snapper open 24 hours a day.
Everyone loves to eat Erica's Red Snapper.
And if you have a large party to entertain, no problem.
Erica's Red Snapper will always find a way to squeeze everybody in.
Even if she has to open the back door.
Erica always keeps her Red Snapper fresh.
So when you take a whiff of her Red Snapper, you'll never get that icky fishy smell.
Things around Erica's Red Snapper can get a little hairy.
And that's why Erica's Red Snapper is happy to provide protection to whoever asks for it.
So don't wait. Come on in to Erica's Red Snapper today.
Red Snapper for the snapper lover and you.
I'm going to give you an update of what took place just now off the air.
Because I think it's important to hear this.
Howard just called the radio station Howard David, who I get along with great.
I thought he called me an asshole saying I was trying to stir it up.
My point back to Howard is don't listen.
Listen to 101.5.
Let me see what age group.
101.5 for Howard.
Maybe 102.7.
Some easily listening love music.
So you could focus on your wife and your family and the grandkids instead of listening and always calling the radio station.
He's becoming Howard, the caller, like Howard from Boka.
Howard from Boka.
It's like it, you know, it's okay.
So anyway, he's listening.
So just wanted to get the message out and don't call my show to just for a record.
Don't call off the air because I don't want to talk to you.
And I don't want to hear you on the private line.
Congratulations. You know the private line number. That's great.
But don't call because you're not coming on this show.
You've got your three hours five to eight.
Monday through Friday.
You can talk all you want, but you're not coming on this show.
And we'll leave it at that.
All right. I got nothing against you.
You seem like a decent person.
And I know you've been getting that taking a big hit on the radio station from everybody else, but it's over.
Me and you done.
There's my story. It's sad but true.
I'm a sex addict and I want you.
I love sex.
Every way.
So grab some lotion.
Come on. Let's play.
Hey.
Oh.
Hi. How you doing?
Who's your daddy?
Who's your daddy?
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
I used to think it was a crazy thing.
My mind was always on my thing on my way.
But there's no answer. I'm fired from jail.
I saw a president around around mail.
I love to get it while I'm hard at work.
Grab my zipper, give it a little care.
I don't get it from my wife.
I'm a man.
That's why they call me president around around mail.
There's nothing sexually out of new.
Come on out there bring a friend out there.
I'll see if I'm a window sail.
And come to Mr. Sexy around around mail.
I can't see if they got a mob.
I can do you two words where I don't get yourself into a mob.
Cause I knew all the cakey stuff I'm a hobo.
I'm not a prey and I can please say yes.
I'm a sexer like I can't face.
You've got heavy good up sale.
You've had it from run around mail.
How you doing honey?
How you having a mind on fire drinking food?
Hey look I'm on a safe shirt.
It says I'm the president.
I love hugs and jokes.
I love you.
I love you.
If anybody has a opinion
dissenting from all way
we'll place your name into the system
and send a me out the stage.
Don't even bother to question.
Just follow and don't fade.
Everybody's turning classes.
Classes USA.
In the act of patriotism
you're watching all of you.
Everyone does a speech on.
So what do you do?
This does this forlations.
And all you might let go.
In bush, other landation
that's as USA.
You've got to hate those Jews.
And Clinton's liberals too.
Believe everything we tell you.
And the state run new.
Black war and forth for bread
feel up your escalaries.
Arruven, say, new bush, venue.
Classes USA.
We don't mind to see our jobs go.
A side of Canada is good.
We're passing painted by jail.
We know, don't need no stupid books.
All that war is crazy.
The tax is arisen with.
Everybody's turning classes.
Classes USA.
It's the heavy metal consumm of the year.
Heavy metal media featuring the king of heavy metal.
Heavy metal, heavy metal.
Heavy metal, which does the gas too?
Hanziosaurus.
Hanziosaurus.
Lincoln Park.
Heavy metal in trend.
Heavy metal media.
Hanziosaurus.
Heavy metal in trend.
What's the matter, pal?
Prozac not working.
Lithium just doesn't seem to do it for you anymore.
Are you unable to cope?
Then you need to talk to your doctor about new.
Fug at all.
In laws coming for the holidays.
Fug at all.
What's writing you again?
Fug at all.
Wife being a pain in the ass.
Fug at all.
Fug at all has been prescribed in Europe for years.
And thanks to a loophole in FDA regulations,
is now available in the good old US of A.
Patients using Fug at all should be aware of the following side effects.
Oilie discharge.
Spontaneous air loss.
Shenatol shrinking.
Historical blindness.
Kidney stones.
Unsightly nail fungus.
Reckle bleeding.
And worms.
So, when the pressures of everyday life get you down.
I need this on my desk by seven o'clock.
The test came back positive.
I'm pregnant.
Honey.
Just reach for that little blue bottle and say,
Fug at all.
Alright.
Oh.
You and I went to the bar.
We drank some whiskey from the jar.
We got drunk all over town.
Then I asked you to go down.
You go up to it.
Like a master but soon there.
Was disaster.
The food sure went down easy.
Now you're saying you're queasy.
It felt good just like it should.
But then it's done.
Cause you were drunk.
You spilled your guts.
Puking on my guts.
This drunk in horror is really quick.
I looked down to see her last snack at come right back.
Puking on my sack.
I thought I could get a decent hammer.
But dinner on my boner is a bummer.
And now my laugh is full of crap.
Cause my monster take off your console.
Spill your guts.
Puking on my guts.
I was hoping for a decent BJ.
But now I am wearing Chinese buffet.
All my bones were getting louder.
Now my laugh looked like cramped chowder.
Nasty slut.
Puking on my guts.
I should have held back my froth.
You will laugh your lunch.
Now my laugh turned to disgust.
Puking on my nuts.
Puking on my nuts.
Oh!
126 at 560.
Don't be come.
103 votes on it.
Who would you like to have your daughter admire?
Be a role model for your daughter if you had one and maybe you do.
Hillary Clinton, the ice princess, got 83.
She wins hands down your pants.
You ready for that?
No.
Would you like your daughters both to be just like swallery?
No.
Students are random 34.
Marine Dow 33.
Jocelyn Elders 29.
Oprah 28.
Britney Spears 28.
Toria.
San Jose O'Connor 24.
It's 24 for San Jose O'Connor.
Oh my god.
You go girl.
Maria Shriver 18.
Natalie mains 14.
And Nicole Kidman's got a dozen.
She's got the old dirty dozen.
26.
Past one mad dog coming up at 1 o'clock.
If you're looking to replace that tired old carpeting in your home, here's a really great
idea called Laminants R Us.
They're the easy low maintenance alternative to mighty expensive natural wood flooring which
looks great because you're an arm in four legs.
Laminants are us is the best place to find laminated wood flooring and they get all the top
manufacturers in the universe.
They got pergote, peridore, Wilson art, unifloor and quick step and all of their flooring
is installed by guys who really know their craft.
Pergote certified in stardars.
Another reason to call Laminants R Us, they're priced their solo.
They are unbeatable.
Call Laminants R Us.
Their prices are like I said, the lowest in the world.
Right now get their fall special for just 1495 bucks.
Just 1495 gets you to 295 square feet of beautiful laminated wood flooring which is
positive to Lee.
Unlucky.
And Laminants R Us will match any legit that would not for two.
For a free and home estimate call Laminants R Us tool free 1 877773336.
Nothing would be simpler.
Free carpet disposal, free furniture moving.
They give you a 25 year warranty and you get years and years of beautiful easy care
laminated wood flooring.
Tell that old Neil, tormented call Laminants R Us.
It's tool free.
It's 1 877773336.
5 and local.
This is 560.
The radio is all yours.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I walked into a liquor store, but it got a total of fun.
I asked him for a pint of Horge and Beamy's.
It's not the end of what doesn't mean.
The butter is too English and I'm all.
That cornered the alley.
Hell, I think I've been Pakistan's speak English.
Melay.
Are you going to go back to the war?
I'm going to go back to the war.
I'm going to go back to the war.
I'm going to go back to the war.
I came here many years ago to learn my ABCs.
I don't say much is grossiest.
I said pretty much.
So get yourself to a classroom quick here in America now.
Stop making me sick.
No butters be English.
Come in a mile.
Oh.
Don't vulgar that you're my friend.
Has it over to me?
Don't vulgar that you're my friend.
Has it over to me?
Roll another one.
Just like the other one.
It's the same to be a father quick.
And I need another hand.
Don't vulgar that you're my friend.
Has it over to me?
Don't vulgar that you're my friend.
You're having a hold down.
Roll another one.
Just like the other one.
This will say to be about you and I don't have another hand.
Don't vulgar that you're my friend.
Has it over to me?
Don't vulgar that you're my friend.
Has it over to me?
Don't vulgar that you're my friend.
Just press this button.
Don't vulgar that you're my friend.
You're having a hold down.
Oh, right.
We're talking today about why men cheat.
I've just done it because it felt good at the time.
I didn't think about it and I didn't concern myself with my wife.
She just got boring so I got to run and around.
And I'm above reproach on that.
If you want to chase women, go do it.
So what about Alan and Aaron here?
She's pregnant.
Do you want this marriage to work?
More than anything.
Are you willing to allow him to cheat?
Do you believe that you can look your fiance in the eye and say,
I want that instead of you and go do it?
Definitely.
And you get it.
You get women.
Yes.
Do it in front of her.
Right.
More with Alan and Aaron in just a moment.
Coming this summer to a theater near you,
it started out as an innocent weekend rafting trip with the guys.
Until...
Deliverance 98.
Since it is hot, film TV stars as they make the jump to the big screen.
Deliverance 98.
Starring Kyle Kinney and Cartman.
Margie Benover, a squeal like a pig.
Get away from my head.
I said squeal, fat-ass.
I'm not thinking I'm getting hensy goat.
And I don't want any of the goat.
Watch Hillbillies take turns on all the self-part kids.
Oh my God, thanks for the good kitty.
Deliverance 98.
This summer.
Don't be a deal goat.
Tell me to see the moving guy.
I'm kidding.
I filled my tank up.
I was either now I'd be helping finance 9-11 by giving money to Unicael or Abacol with the car liable.
That turned my lights on last night.
I was having a lot of pain in James Baker's green things.
I made two dudes today.
I was either now I was providing bathwater to the Middle East.
Well, that ain't so bad again.
Every time you light a marijuana cigarette,
you're helping to finance run new overlords and breaking the law.
Based on the old movie Refermedness.
Let a gentleman up is the schedule of old manguide.
I just spent every per joint.
Now I'm way past you know.
For now I will jump out this window.
This message made for by the community to keep the market in the dark ages.
And they're doing a great job, by the way.
22-2 at 560 WQM 221 votes on a pool.
And Hillary is untouchable.
When you touch her?
No, that's awful.
I rest my case.
What famous living person would you like to think is a role model for your daughter if you had a daughter?
Hillary Clinton 89.
Woo!
Susan Sarandon 36, Marine Dowd 31.
They'd be proud to emulate Marine Dowd.
She's a little out.
To asshole in elders 31, Britney Spears 30.
Don't they always say you respect your elders?
How many's Britney God?
About 30, man.
Oprah 29, San Rodeo Carter 27, Howdy Pressing.
Maria Travertine 19 Natalie Mainz 15 and Nicole Kibben has still got that same wrinkled dozen.
22-Till Mad Dog time at 2 o'clock.
If you're fat you've tried them all.
You've tried the watermelon dyke, the atkins dyke, the skatkins dyke.
You've tried stillman and the swillman, all of the others.
And you're still fat.
If you fail them all of the others, maybe because you're like not too smart.
Maybe you just don't understand it.
And that's why balance for life will help you out because they do all the figuring out for you.
They don't have to let you worry about carb counting or calorie counting because they do it for you.
Like I said, all you have to do is worry about reaching down and grabbing your black sack.
And what's self-respecting guy don't want to reach down and grab their black sack?
Or just, anyway, just reach outside the door by 6 o'clock in the morning.
Every morning it's there waiting for you.
And inside your black sack from balance for life are three gourmet meals, two delicious snacks, everything fresh and delicious.
Nothing frozen, no chemicals, no pre-fabricated crap in a box.
Just really good stuff.
And plenty of food in there to keep you full and happy and to satisfy it all day long so you won't have to be cheap neither.
And don't forget, balance for life is the only company that should pick between two choices.
For each meal every day that you're in a program, you fill out a menu once a week, you fax it back to them.
And exactly what you want, it's in there.
So let balance for life finally help you lose that weight.
If you're overweight out of shape, if you're disgusted, we've earned pub tense.
If you're diabetic around a verge of it and I beg you, believe me, you don't want to go there.
So call balance for life at 9.54, 568.32.29.
9.54, 568.32.29, you'll start seeing results on that scale within just a matter of days.
You can get more info about them to on their website balanceforlife.com.
We're sports radio 5.60, UAM.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
Oh.
You pointed all your life for them to return.
Okay, maybe you haven't waited all your life and don't give a rat's ass that they're
together again, but they're playing just for you.
Simon and Garfanto.
One night only, one hit only because they're tired.
It's the return of Simon and Garfanto, barely live and on stage.
Get your tickets now.
For Simon and Garfanto on their live, which is fairly tour.
Come to think of a future self of baby Sidermen go to a movie and stand.
Alright, who's that group of Muslims?
Helping terrorists.
It's a bunch of backward thinking continentalists in the Taliban.
Who are those Panadi?
They're not filled with hate.
If you're caught stealing it's your handle and you take the Taliban.
The Taliban, the Taliban, because they rule Afghanistan, but they're up to no good.
A Taliban man, he doesn't give a damn about his country's starving masses.
He shows where the driver passes, so we can go and kick their asses.
Welcome.
Who keeps all the women covered at the toe?
It could be Osama under there, you'd never know the Taliban.
The Taliban can, the Taliban can, because they rule Afghanistan, but they're up to no good.
So I want to meet a BBC news there on the sports segment.
And I see a bunch of Brits acting like real assholes, which of course they always are.
And it looked to me like they were a Namdaam square in Amsterdam.
I said that can't be in Britain, that's an Amsterdam.
And then there you have back the way, there was like the world palace and it was Amstadam.
They're getting ready for some big soccer match or some cramp like that.
I said.
And I said Goddamn, that's Amsterdam.
And it was, I just mentioned that in passing and you'll be interested in know they're acting like assholes.
Did I mention that?
Yes you did.
151 at 560 WDQM, hey listen, you're an idiot if you don't get you a new actress.
So the older one is lumpy and bumpy and not doing you good and your back is hurting from it.
You're not getting a good night's sleep.
You feel like crap.
You'll feel a lot better with a great mattress and dollar mattress.
George knows it, Miguel knows it, Bill Cabrara knows it, fat boy knows it, I know it.
And the reason I know is that it's been calling them for years.
Every time it's time to replace the mattress, you make them one simple call.
You don't get sucked in by those betting in departments stores that rip you off because they got a big overhead to pay.
You call 1-800-MACRUS, that's it.
That's all you do.
You tell them what time you want them to show up.
Any tour window between 8 a.m. and 10 p.m. 7 a.m.
and they'll be there.
No shell games, no phony claims, no phony promises, no bait and swish, just unbeatable discount prices on the best goods in the world every day, including now,
Steer and Savannah's Foster.
So don't get sucked in by those so-called giants in the mattress industry because they rip your ass off.
Pick up the phone right now, call dial a mattress.
They'll be knocking on your door no time at all.
You'll have a big smile on your push and you'll be slipping like a baby tonight and for years to come.
1-800-MATTRES, the easiest pieces shopping you'll ever do.
1-800-MATTRES, or online, it's mattress.com.
I'm in love.
This is sports 20-O-Fikes-It-You-Way-Am.
Projects could I could hear the word asshole?
Have you ever turned on the radio and said, that song makes me sick.
Girl, well now, KOPEC-TAKE Records presents, songs that make you wanna throw up.
I've got the dots, a goner, a chuck on you, I've got a head case, a spew in you.
Stand away from the door, pick this up like I...
Yes, I'm songs that make you wanna throw up. You get to sting.
I'm a king.
A firefly, whoo, my Lord, call me.
A complete bar for rum, and who could forget their classic?
Puk, puk, puk, puk, puk and whoo?
Puk, puk, puk, puk and whoo?
Puk, puk, puk, puk and whoo?
Puk, puk, puk.
You know you make me wanna blow with my groceries.
I pour my chalmal, I pump my puk, puk, puk, puk.
I pump my new girl, I keep on human.
If you can do the puke it, sounds that make you want to throw up.
Bye, bye baby!
Coming next year, the King of Proph, heard it for your hometown,
touring to benefit the Cardinal Classy School for wayward boys.
It's Michael Schatz.
You know my girl, ladies and pinkies, I've got a very fast but tight.
Michael Schatz!
You know what?
Because I've found a lady child that's gonna marry a physical wife.
Michael Schatz.
Yes, Michael performs all of his great hits,
from oldies with the Jackson Five.
Still learning the ABCs, I'm getting down on my knees.
Removing the younger age ABCs,
taught on me, baby, you and me.
That's right, from the time the students of the Jackson Five,
to the Classics' filler work, Michael Jackson's benefit to her aims to please.
The people that surround myself, we're not too bad and I'll
to call me big brother, so I'm a better file.
And I know what to do, file, I just sit for a while
and beat it, beat it, beat it, fuck it.
No, pop.
I ain't beat it, beat it, beat it.
Michael Jackson.
Sometimes I'm so depressed that I just sit around so
can't wait before a call, from a calling call again.
When I'm home alone, sitting naked by the phone,
I ain't beat it, beat it.
And be one of the five lucky boys to receive backstage passes
to hang out in Michael Jackson's dressing room.
Michael Jackson's benefit to her.
Hey, yeah, Michael, yes, Bobby.
See, is that your real skin color?
It's inside with cats, but I know a game that we can play
to find out, and simply fly.
It's time to free Willie.
Say, say, say what you want, that you know who I
give a affection, but maybe don't know how to read.
But then don't boys give me reaction.
And here the rousing finale.
Yes, Michael sings the song he wrote for the show
or the world with the Vienna voice choir backing him up.
I don't like girls.
I like me of children.
They are the ones who turn me on and hate.
I hope they win.
It's a choice of making.
I like school.
But it's true.
We make the greatest name.
Here are other great Michael Jackson classics.
White Billy's jeans.
And of course, smooth criminal.
You have to Michael Jackson's tour to benefit the Carmel Clancy School
of the Forward Boys.
Get your tickets now.
Boys under 10 have been in free when a cupid bind no one.
They're white.
They're really really tight.
They're really really tight.
Oh.
Bye bye bye.
The middle-wide show I'm classic.
I'm going to be playing for my hair.
