It's not time he's in Miami. He's doing all week. His vacation is over the party is over
Niel. So anyway the two stories I wanted to get to know it's not the first of which is
Martina Navar to love his mixed-devil Sparger is in hospital right now. He's suffering
from a parasite. The city has tapeworm in his system. Yeah.
And that's our love. Welcome this overhead is so goddamn loud. What is this crap in
here? I'm going back to a good studio. I play heavy metal music. I'm not talking about
your crap. I'm talking about my in here. The speakers. Is there enough people in that
room for you? This thing is a piece of turg man. You can smell it. They always smell
the piece that I smelled in the parking lot. Oh yeah. That was bad. You know here's the last
story. That was good this morning. I pull up in a parking lot and there's Moan Geldy
the welcoming the reception committee. Yeah. That was the idea is made. My day is made.
No. Boba Boba Boba. And it was still picking dinglebirds out of his car. I think he flicked
a couple of my vet. Oh Jesus. So whoever's Corvette Downer, they're beautiful convertible
vet. He thought that was mindy flicked dinglebirds on your convertible top. Yeah. That's
some other guy from sales. Is it? I don't know who's it is. We can't figure out who's
it is. I can't believe we got somebody here with good enough taste to own a vet. Although
don't get a convertible because the tops rot out down here in case you haven't noticed.
You know what I had my favorite. Do you remember the goalie? Do you remember the goalie
Norm Merrickley was awful. He had a miracle. He had a miracle. He had a miracle. When
he made a save it was a miracle. Yeah. He had a Corvette with a with a letter top and we
got back from a road trip one day and somebody gets sliced open the roof. How about that
Kujo huh? Yeah. He's getting. Hey. What he deserves. How did he get injured? There's
slice in him and ask with a ball. Pean hammer. There isn't a big white. Go to Boston. So
we took a ball. Pean hammer. Wacked his ankle with it. There is nothing quite like going
to a hockey game in Toronto every night. It's an event that is not your backyard. There's
nothing like being in Toronto every day is an event being here. Yeah. There's no events.
In fact, being all the years of taking their tool on screw and the whole sales department
was lined up to give me that phony meat and greet and eat and you know that crap meant
to go. What the hell happened to that bitch? I don't know. Seriously. Have you seen her lately?
Yeah. I see. She's just tired. She has aged about a hundred years. Oh my god. If you
sit out to her, she may break down and go into a rubber room. No. Seriously. No. Listen.
Am I right, George? I think the best thing you have. I was here in June and since June,
you know, how many years she's aged? About third man. Yeah. She's in. I think you're like a
Portuguese washerwoman. She looks like a statue of me in front of the building. Listen.
Statues. I will pay for it. I'll pay a thousand dollars. I'm not joking. I will pay a thousand
dollars if there will in this company's will to put the bill for a stack. If I'm out for the bill
to build a statue on in front of the building for you. I love that. I'm serious. I want to be in
a court act to know that the five share and man and I heard you suck it up to moat this more.
Don't you have any self respect at all? He's not going to do anything for you besides stabbing a
back. I eat free. Okay. Now that we got numbers, Mo. Now that we got numbers, Howard, and he's
going right along sucking your ass. Who the hell? You guys can. He thinks he's got great numbers.
Yeah. He's got a one and you got a nine. Yeah. No. No. Seriously. You do realize that I
told you this on Thursday. There's 10 points in there. Okay. Yeah. There's 10 points. You're
number one. That's all right. No. Listen to me. It's a five. Well, if I would have been here
the whole time, we'd have had a 12 share. But George did okay. Did good. I think so.
Yeah. You know, you know that is because they had a seven point eight share in the afternoon.
And June or July, whatever in hell it was. The hammer's just huge. He was never on. Oh, you know
who the secret weapon is, don't you? Terrific. Yeah. There you go.
Josie rules. Josie rules. He's got a 40 year old. Josie. He's the guy in a play.
For the closet superstar who came with an ace of that or a plan crash. Anyway, Joe Rose on.
We. So there's 10 points in there. You divided by two. The six to eight and the eight to 10.
And you get the five share. So you got a tool and he's. I'm going to do this now. What is this scientific
method? You use between six and 10 a.m. There's a five in men in July, which is what you guys
have in order to figure out you you deal with two to our segments. So you double the five to a 10
to then you divide. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. The average. The average of the day. Exactly.
Very good. It's about time you did something good. So you're saying so in other words, you have a
nine and he's got a one that is sweet. I was what I'm thinking. You know, I'm just making it up.
I'm just wishing and praying and hoping so that October 15. When a summer book comes out and you got
like about a seven. Yeah. In six to 10 a.m. that means it's 14 points. I mean, you got a 12 and he's got a two.
I see. I did. You have a 12. We'll have an 18 and the afternoon will have like a 15.
The highest ever got in my career was in Philly on Ys B. I had an 11 share at that 10 to 11.
11. 5 on WNWS. Many years ago at night. What's the highest you've ever had in your career?
Because you've been number one like a hundred. The median age was a hundred. The one WS news. I had a
listen to this on W. I. N. Z. 10 to 2 back when I started doing this kind of talk. Yeah. I had a nine
share in 12 plus 12 plus. We had a nine share and in all the other demos. We were like 14s and 16s
and 18s. Yeah. That's unbelievable. But that was on a real and nice God Pete Folger and a cheap
channel. Yeah. That's a station. We had a nine share in 12 plus. Now they've done in a fraction.
I talked to that guy. Oh, I offered him the world to do this show up against hammer three
to seven. Yeah. The ball is the higher. I mean, what do you think he thinks of me now?
Scrum. You're like the guy that I have to problem with him. What are you talking about?
Any problems with him? She has a car down. Because you don't know him. That's right. Oh, you're so full of
craft. You don't have any problems with anybody. I'm glad I don't know him. I don't want problems.
You come up with us as you want this one dead. I want your car back and everyone else dead.
My wine is you suck everybody's ass. I want to know how that lifts your new life. How can you have
anyone? I want to tell you what you got to play the other day. I hope you're having forgotten
since the plane. He's talking and keep talking and keep talking. It doesn't matter. I can
talk into it. In fact, if you listen to your left speaker, you'll hear me and the right speaker.
You're like, I have for real. That's what it works. It's like a bleeding ulcer. Oh, and I made a
premature evaluation speaking of the vacation parties over after Labor Day is when we stop playing
the Bits R between one and two. Today we are still doing that. I think that's great. It's
great. How many calls did you have in your two hours today about three? I had about 30 minutes.
Get out of here. I walked in the other room. There wasn't a single call on the board.
When I had our first call, I heard this morning coming to work with Moe was one. One.
Oh, God. And they're desperate to try to get his ass off the air. The whole call was spent trying
Oh, you're terrible one. Good. Go away. Yeah, because you won't hang up on him. Because he's a pretty
woman. I took about 75 calls to different people that want me dead in New York. Yeah. That's about it.
Mm-hmm. I never worried about that though. I don't need callers to get off of this. So,
did you wear out screw in or what? Is that what it is? I think she's looking a little
like that. You must have done her up against the Wall and that sales or a fist for hours.
She looks like she's just a screen. I think she wants you to do it. I think she knows I can
be. I'm sure she looks like a damn scrubbleman. She looks like she ought to be scrubbing the floors
and the turlits here. She wants to do me. Oh my god. I can't believe it. You're so good. I think
you can do anybody including her friend. Oh, God. And now she's got some sick living with her.
Do you know Roy Foster? I think he's got the play for the dolphins. I think he's done gay. Do you
remember Roy Foster? What? Yeah, no, I don't. You don't? I don't know who that is. Oh my god. He's got a
big slong. That's why he worked here. I guess you didn't take any notes at that meeting last week.
Mr. At that sexual harassment. I didn't hear him. The Beastay, Midget Bridget,
stripping at Tutsi's handbook. I want to tell you something. For Greg Reed to be conducting a
meeting on sexual harassment in the workplace would be like Adolf Hitler conducting a meeting
about anti-Semitism. You know, I mean, what are we talking about? Welcome back to Miami.
You have a nice day. You two scots stay away from my vet. Listening. Well, congratulations. Get alive.
I met a priest when I was a living. He said he would save my soul. But we made a detour.
I'm a way to heaven. And into his bedroom we did take a stroll.
Well, he was standing in his underwear. Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Both up is broken. Where may thank you, ma'am? I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
The next day I felt like a sinner. And I showed up to get communion.
But on my tongue that was in a wafer. And it wasn't while I tripping up my chin.
Forg's work. Well, he was standing in his underwear. Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Yeah, yeah.
Both up is broken. When may thank you, ma'am? I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
Welcome. Yeah, he was standing in his underwear.
Told me to bend over and say a prayer.
Both up is broken. When may thank you, ma'am?
I got molested by the preacher man behind the rectory.
10 past 10 is break time at 560.
That's a good scam we got going across over with Scott, you know. That's a good deal.
No, it's already time for the break. Yeah, let's go.
And I haven't even said hello yet. It's your ain't nice to be back. God, is this place suck or?
Oh my god.
And you're right. There's something that came in here. Everything's wrong.
They dicked up this studio over the weekend for the sake of the guy named ballgame. Well,
this is ballgame radio. They don't care about the show. We got these gigantic numbers.
They're all in here sucking my ass. Oh, gee, congratulations, Neil. You did it again.
You know, all this other bull crap. And in the meantime, they have no respect for these studios.
That's why I'm going back to Toronto right now. See you.
This is unacceptable. It's not just any your money. Right.
The levels are the levels are nightmare because they come in here over the weekend.
And remember all the lies they told us six years ago. Oh, yeah, that's going to be the
near Rogers studio and nothing else in there. Yeah, they were and we're muff is sitting right now
where she's sitting in the other room. That was going to be the production studio right now.
We're going to run a lot of ball games through there. Anything in there? No, just muff.
So let it let's window though.
It's a great time in Chicago by the way. I also agree with me that this place blows.
1284 votes on Georgia's poll over the weekend. Good poll by the way. I like that pulse about time.
It was easy. Was it was an easy VH one was doing the I love the 70s business.
Well, I sure was nice seeing the sales department in here this morning all lined up to suck my butt.
Man, they were picking dingle berries out of parts of my body that haven't been discovered in years.
And scruan, I'm sure she looks like a death boil over.
And who is that girlfriend of her she brought in here? Who's that? I don't know.
First I heard that late age turn, you know, you know, how those old bag. I mean,
those old one explain it to me. Yeah, well, a lot of moved to Holland. They like plug up the die.
He's see if you catch my drift 12 minutes past 10 at 560 WQA. I'm here in South Florida and steamy stuff.
Florida where it's hot. It's raining and it's I got the critters in the attic again.
I think I got a family of either like possums or coons in my attic. Yeah.
Or a mixed marriage of possum and coons. You think it could be a possum and a coon?
Hey, if you're on the adkins diet and you're desperate to lose that weight when you go into the supermarket.
By the way, hi to my friends at public. I saw some of our listeners in there yesterday morning.
Wasn't too exciting, but no, there was some nice people in there.
But anyway, the lights is the number one low carb sugar-free store in South Florida because in
public and you're other supermarkets, they got your meat and your cheese and your seafood and that's about it.
Everything else is loaded with carbohydrates, but at the lights they've got over 900 low carb sugar-free
products in stock and they're introducing new ones all the time. Try the new low carb instant cup of soup.
What you do is add water and pop it into the microwave. It's a low carb meal in the cup and four delicious flavors.
Be sure and try the simply delicious low carb muffins for quick breakfast.
Try your own individual size cheesecake too. They got a low carb hot cocoa,
low carb apple cider, blondies, brownies and low carb pasta, sauces, dressings, chips,
chocolate days and their famous carbolite ice cream too. Now it's Judy's low carb peanut brittle with
unbelievably great taste. Carbohydrate drink chocolate vanilla shakes. It's a low carb meal in a can.
And at last chocolate crisp and chocolate mint bars with no maltatels to keep you off the can all day.
I've been back in town for two days and guess what I got already? IBS.
I'm serious. I had floaters in that bull this morning. You could have built an apartment complex.
The lights don't forget all the adkins. I'm serious. That two days in this town and already I'm floating
over here. All the adkins brands products are on sale all day. Every day at Delightsy Ropen daily 10
to 10 you'll find them on the northeast corner of Glades Road and 441 right next to Boston Market.
Call them toll free 1-877 low carb or shop them on the web at lowcarb.com.
The lights of West Boka make no mistake. A boat and it's your official adkins retail center.
Some German lump this is schools when you'll try six. You will you.
But Drugs back in……
Yaargh.
otototot…
I am mohar with David, he crept it and I'm ancient, all over my own face are blue and red is purple, babe. I don't know why they take me, or why they always wait me.
It must be because I've got this blue and red is purple, babe.
I'm laying on my arm like a rannick now he mappellacowat. I got beans on my nose and nobody knows that under my clothes I wear fancy hoes.
But that don't mean that I'm gay. If you take my arms and head you ought to see my legs. I might as well keep on smoothing shaved to show a little glazed and next time I'm raking it.
I could go to a surgeon but that gives me the shivers. I wouldn't know what the walk I'm looking like during rivers.
Where am I? I'd buy a little beast, the fat little freak. I did them a favor now again afforded me. The reason I dismissed that stinkin' fat bastard is because he wouldn't shut up and he can't play conestin'.
Hey somebody talk over there, nobody talk from around. I'd wrap ten you talk.
Look at me, I'm big hit. I ain't no square. I'm a ding-dong daddy man, I'm really dead.
I buy a penny when I want, I don't care. But believe me, if they make me flip my wig made a smelly green hair. I get fired myself and even happens to the greets.
Westwood once said you'll get out of here whilst we break your legs. So now I sit by the pool, life's as good as it gets.
With my paladin cartel, placing bets on the jams. Paradise. Paradise, I don't kiss nobody's ass in paradise.
I'll be sure that the screws when I get the jams, if the cleaners aren't ready with my lime green pants. I'm gonna visit take healthy coins and play.
It was just a little thought. So what I let this day. I think that's funny when I knock on sandwich buddy. I can do what I want but the management loves me.
You're gonna tell you something else? Something you ought to know. But along this time I wanted you to be my home.
You wipe my tight bow, now I have straight bow bow. Who? Who? Who? Who? Who? Who?
I won't take no for an answer.
But it's time. Not you. You're not out of it.
I have been pinched.
I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it.
I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it.
I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it. I'm not out of it.
Huh? We have got to have the worst signal in the history of mankind. Now let's test it. Let's check the equipment. Now listen carefully now.
Is that a good idea that I'm coming out of it?
How that sound? Pretty low level too. Everything here is low and is hard. Huh?
Is that a good idea that I'm coming out of it?
Even Cecil Cruz ain't sounded too good today. And this is real money in here. Do you think it's the mic?
It could be. Maybe. Maybe because you were on there. We're trying to like defruit the microphone because you have that fruity sound, you know? When you're in here?
Okay. Not as much as when you're in there. Not as bad. A little bit. But it may get pretty sound real fruity. So maybe that's what I'm trying to find.
That microphone's got one of those little dip switches on the top of it.
It's got a dip spit on it. Oh, I pour a screw in. I don't think she's long for this world. She look really bad. All those dalliances of hers would bring everybody else there starting to catch up with her ass. You know what?
Wearing tear. Oh, yeah. Wearing tear. Like old tires. You know? I don't think there's too much tread left on that. It's you.
No, man. Don't tread on her. Oh, to late now. Oh, man. Don't tread on her. And of course you remember that thing with a symbol with all the snakes and everything. I think there's something symbolic about that.
Roy. But anyway, screw it. Now seriously, am I wrong? You saw her. I know you want to say too much because you have to see her all the time.
She looks like death boiled over. She looks the same as I. No, she is not today. No, she's not.
Her hair. Her hair is like all madded down like. Oh, man. She looks skinny and scabby and skanky. I'll make an effort to take my.
I never thought I'd see the day when she looked as bad as she smelled. I mean, she really is nasty. But anyway, so it ends speaking of nasty sales holes. They're all lined up there to give me the big greeting this morning.
It's so good to see you all. I crap. You know, all the insincere, including Todd Dreck. And oh, Vick and Irv's is coming on here, by the way.
Good. From Rochester, they open up in here. Don't you remember we had to call just a few days ago about Vick and Irv's?
Did I know that they're here in Yadi, Yadi, Yadi? Or was it Adam, who called me about that? Huh? No.
Anyway, so Fat Boy comes waddling in here just to show that nothing has changed here in QA. And he comes waddling on his cane.
Here's a man on a cane who's nearly died a whole bunch of times because he's so fat. And the first thing he says to me is...
Hi, a pally!
No, beside that, even before that. Did you get those ribs from Tony Romas out there? I heard you talking... and he's pushing food again.
And then Todd Dreck has given me, well, do you want food from it? Vick and Irv's it? No. I don't want any food from anybody. I had how he's bacon. That's all I'm eating in here all week.
This starting right... it wasn't even like 9.30 yet. And already they're starting in... oh, you want this right now?
Didn't I make that very clear last week? Yeah, that always works.
I'm not eating any food to make you assholes happy, okay?
Yeah, but what about a... and Fat Boy? Yeah, you can be damn sure that any of the ribs that I didn't eat that he shoveled down, including the bone.
But he just sucks it down.
Hi, a pally!
He's a sick person. He's absolutely got the illness. He's got the disease. He's a professionally fat person who ought to be in a gutting...
Institutionalized in a rubber room before we put him in the pine box in the piano case. He's a case.
Now, look at that. We got a call on there. I eat really. Is it not really a call? I don't think it is.
Here's our call.
Ola.
When is the ass?
Yeah, you're right. It was somebody... they were diddling around and getting breakfasts or something like that.
Well, no, we're going to get a lot of calls. People saying, hey, welcome back, Neil. And the sure nice time you're back in town briefly.
Aren't we? Sure. No, we're not. I was monitoring for else phone out there for he was on for two hours yet about three calls.
And I also want to say this. What is this under? Is this... oh, I see.
But third, man. Because the buttons here are not updated and they're CCS. This is a... this studio is unacceptable. This is not fit for prime time or anytime.
Don't answer the phone. Let me do it. Let me do the... you don't have to do that. You're under a lot of pressure in there with those buttons and everything.
Oh, that's why I went out.
No, don't. I wasn't doing it. Not a good idea. It doesn't do anything. Oh, it doesn't do anything. Oh, damn it. They just stuck him in there just to get us nervous again.
They're big and big. We're so sad. We have their big and black. Yeah. Most grand. Oh, I'm welcome. Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let me give you the results of Georgia's pool. But let's get a real call on here first. WQAM.
Hey, Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. All right. Welcome back. Thanks so much. Yeah. George R. Wright, but he's just not funny enough.
No, he's not funny at all except looking. No, he's kind of funny looking. That Tuesday Thursday stuff was killing me. Yeah. I like it. I want to say thanks.
Yeah, I wasn't real. Call you had nothing to say. Just suck my ass and ripped you a little bit, which is part for the course on the show. That's all we do.
Suck Niels. Ask ripped George a little bit and then hang out and I stay right there. That's all I can do here. Don't you understand? Oh, I do. That's their level.
The 1284 votes on the pool from Friday. What did you like most about the 70s, George? Axt. These sexual promiscuity 358. Number one. That of course is absolutely correct.
Audience finally gets one right. They got the right answer. Although the music was in lead for while 353 or close second. And I would agree that that's right.
The end of the 70s 205, which is probably a bunch of punks that weren't even born until 82 or something. And no idea what it's all about. There was nothing wrong with the 70s, especially as compared with now.
Oh, baby. Oh, to go back. Turn at clock back. The drugs. 172. All right. The toys 42. The toys. Yeah.
You mean like featuring like stretch arms, like all those. Yeah. Gizmos. The movies 42. I would agree movies. There were great movies in the 70s. The TV 33. There was some pretty interesting crap. Candy. Huh? There's some interesting things.
And mostly crap. Yeah. The candy 26, the clothing 21, like the belt bottom pants, right? The hair. The hair 19. I was just going to say how about to do and the platform shoe rhymes with do 13. So mostly the sexual promiscuity and the music. Right.
About having lots of books about this. The party to a case of Gacy in the sunshine band. Or Gloria's Gina or whatever like that. Here's the facts from Michelle who says, welcome back. I look forward to hearing you on a daily basis. George was very interesting on his days.
That spelled with the G spelled with the Jay honey, but that's okay. But you can't. What I wanted to know is if you've watched the reality show of Nick Mama La Leche and that stupid bitch wife is Jessica Simpson. No, I have not all you know you. No, no, I haven't seen the show. You can't escape the promos for it. I haven't seen him. I don't watch him TV. Right. Well, no, I haven't seen it. Oh, it says you've got to see a lot of you get to see a lot of Nick without a shirt on and stuff like that. I must see. All right. Now we're talking. But on the other hand, you have to see the wife and the bitch is super stupid and dirty. Oh, she's down and dirty. Jesus.
She's a sloth apparently. Yeah, and he can't stand there because he's a neat. Well, she's a sloth. I mean, she's a slut in spite of all her goody two shoes. Christian, a bull crap. I could have told you that. She doesn't know how to do anything for herself. Not even her laundry and the so stupid. That when she read the lap.
She read the lap for a can of two is saying chicken of the sea. The lap label. Michelle. That's called label. She has LAP when she read the lap. She was confused.
Type. Oh, Michelle made a typo LAP instead of LAP. L the book. She was confused thinking there are chicken in the sea. You should catch me a mustard that he comes on.
Tuesday's the 10th 30 and MTV. Well, aren't there chickens in the sea with lips? When are you going to have to van hits Wednesday at Brandy's because I don't trust ordering your stuff online. She says an updates on beater boy. No, we're not talking about being a more. Anyway, she says I would.
I think he's cute. Oh, Michelle. Michelle. How sad. Well, maybe he was cute until he turned into a puddle of oozing cray. He was never cute. 1027 at 560 WQM VIP sportsbook.com.
Is soft Florida's favorite sports book? You know, who wasn't here? Gary Sarner wasn't here to greet me this morning. I wonder how I'm in such a good mood. Let's keep it that way. VIP sportsbook.com's been here for years.
You know, this time of the year, all the sportsbooks start claiming they're the biggest or the best makeoff kinds of misleading offers. But did you know that 99% of these bookies are located in the jungles of Costa Rica?
This year, move up and class to VIPsportsbook.com. VIPsportsbook.com's the oldest, the biggest sportsbook in the Netherlands. First world integrity and English speaking. I'll still believe 100% legal in license too. VIPsportsbook.com is soft Florida's sportsbook. So sign up before the NFL regular season.
And you can better all the soft Florida teams juice free all year long. You want to bet on the dolphins. It takes 100 to 100. You want to bet on the hercones. It's 100 to 100. So forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams. All preseason sun ups get a 20% cash bonus.
Not some funny money match play bonus either VIP sportsbook.com sign up online or call them at toll free 1 866 VIP bets. That phone again is 1 866 VIP bets for VIP sportsbook.com where you be the VIP.
I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a
sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not an sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. I'm not a sportsman. What does that mean about guys or men? I'm not a sportsman. what does grip koong? Well, and the men are, and the men are, and the men are, and the men are, and the men are, they're more often men. I'm not a slashable. Gargoyles of the situation are, and the men are lesser than women. I think a lot of men like lions壹 women. Don't be really honest. I'll be and not as a word and
Now, by pumping, but this is a government, this isn't a gym.
Not pumping.
Speaking of pumping, there have been some allegations that you have...
Oh, that's a trick.
Careful where you tread small report to man.
Well, there have been reports that you have strait in your mouth.
To trick?
To trick?
To trick?
To trick?
It's I'm in the clone.
It's very nice.
Thank you.
I'm going to pump up sacramentos, the governor.
I would be the best governor of California since you were with Humphrey.
He was never the governor of California.
Exactly.
It's onion dip cologne.
1033 at 560.
He's 13 points behind Busta Mante and they haven't even come out with a big scandals
about all his dilly-dallying daliensis, his pecoridillos.
Yep.
That's coming out any day.
And about the fact that it was his father, grandpa, it was a Nazi.
The SRIPS.
Was it?
It's on our website today if you want to go to NeilRongers.com.
You can also order your best stuff, which so far I've got to be honest with you.
It's pretty slow.
That's because nobody's been in town.
Right.
No bad news.
This is sound better because the overheads is getting progressively worse.
This is becoming worse.
This is becoming worse.
Because I can...
No, no, I'm just saying it's like it's tinny.
It's like I'm in a...
At a rate.
At a rate.
Huh?
At a rate.
At a rate.
Whatever you didn't hear a course or whoever else is dicking with a studio over the weekend,
man.
You can take those dolphin broadcasts and stuff them up mosaics, okay?
For today only, every time that you come out of a break into a new segment, the microphone
will sound different.
We'll just keep playing with it.
Yeah, we'll just keep dealing with it.
No, it doesn't sound right.
And I always tell you that when I come back.
You're right.
And you think it's my imagination, but not that you're...
Oh, brother.
No, no, seriously, this is bad.
We apologize, folks.
Although you probably can't hear it anyway.
Because...
There's the QAM signal.
It's going to be digital.
Wow.
Digital puking.
Just think of the snaps and pops.
Oh my god.
It's going to be light.
You're going to think that there's cereal popping right in your goddamn radio.
Yeah, they're going to think they got rice crispy's right in your radio.
They have serious radio.
World-Hop cereal.
$4,770.15 for abandoned pay rescue on a Best Emile CDs and the MO Howard David and Keychain
so far.
Yeah, that's what I say.
That's pretty lame.
That's weak.
We're going to raise $100,000 this year by hook or by crook, okay?
I'm...
I'm cereal about that.
Oh, you know something?
You know why this is off, though?
George?
What?
Why?
Because it doesn't include my 10 grand in there that kicked the whole thing off.
There you go.
Right?
Right.
Well, let's add that on there right now.
It's only been officially like three solid weeks.
Oh, but I'm just saying let's put the one in there right now and it makes you feel better
about it because that's part of the whole ambiance of the thing.
Right.
And remember the olden days we had in the record stores.
We had totals coming in from five different places.
Right.
And now we're going to depend mainly on Miguel who's back from his honeymoon this weekend
and looks like hell warmed over.
He looks like him.
He's been doing scram instead of his wife.
No, seriously, he admitted.
It takes a big man to admit it in a minute that he just about swooned during the wedding ceremony
and his knees buckled and he was like, he talked to Chipacabra was going to come to the
house.
I don't know what the story was.
Apparently, the grooms and the best man and everything were all huddled around him
in case you should fall one way or the other.
Oh, I don't understand that.
What is that all about?
I guess he's really a pussy is what it is, huh?
Yeah, but he does a good game.
Mr. Macho, Mr. Kubanissimo, you know, but he's a real pussy.
Right.
But he admits it.
Does he?
That's got those kind of balls anyway.
So 14,770 and 15 and the first of our van hits with Miguel will be Wednesday.
That's why I dragged him into it at Brandy's.
We don't know what time yet, but at Brandy's shoes and pompato beach is going to be the
first opportunity you'll have to go out there and find the best meal.
2002 2003, which I'm going to give you some of the things since Eric didn't bother about.
You know, Eric's been doing a wonderful job on the stories.
Thanks mainly to me, but we don't have the list of the bits on her yet.
And we got the more hard David of keychain.
We got the coffee mugs and the t-shirts, which nobody will buy those anyway, but we got
them on air near rogers.com.
Ignored it right on your website.
Best of meal 2002 and 2003 because we didn't come out with this last year unfortunately
because we got a lot of really lazy do nothing people around here.
Invade my whole the night is on air and reekay.
I love that.
Oh, you see he had his mole removed.
Yeah.
And there was a little bit of blood and he was swooning like maybe it's just a Hispanic
thing.
I thought that was the magic mole.
I thought that's where all his talent.
Miguel was swooning what talent.
Miguel was swooning at his wedding and in reekay was swooning at his mole removal.
Did he keep it in a job?
That's what Greg would like to have here a QA and a mole removal.
I'm a lesbian is on there.
Ben's my guy.
We got Mickey and Eisner.
We got some of those.
Not enough though.
I see we only got a pair of those.
There's a really, really long I see.
Eisner.
We got Popra Winfrey a fat ass rosy, which is one of my favorites.
Fourth, which is not in the DCS by the way.
Oh.
This is unacceptable.
This is not.
I may have to get on a plane like a dare to and go back.
This is Bush league what we got here.
I got 700 bits in there.
I got all the bokeh of Brian's stuff just about everything he ever did.
We don't even have the Mark Eisenberg laugh in here.
You don't even know where to hell it is.
I don't know where they got it from.
They pulled it out of their ace.
Oh.
Christ.
And if I want to play like one of the mojo drops.
Absolutely.
I got to go in here instead of like right on my button over there.
You people need to upgrade though your act down here.
Of course a lot of that had to do with Beenerboy.
You should have seen Skippy tell me all about Beenerboy.
What a big smile.
Turning all red in the face.
About that episode.
About Beenerboy damn near dying on the floor right in there.
Damn near.
Damn it.
We got the ginger mow gay union here mow Howard and Oz.
Just goes on gaze.
Poiple veins.
The classics.
Shakira sings other people's hits.
My name is Hi.
Hiya Pally.
If you can't find Osama, Bommi, Rack.
That's one of my favorites.
There's been stuff on here Fox News Heather.
There's Miguel by the way who's going to be out there Wednesday at Brandy's or else.
At noon.
Don't look like he parked up a little bit.
Do you gain some weight or what?
I think he's going to be out of his way.
You know, see?
No, he's going to be a fat ass.
He's been married for like a couple of days.
He's always a fat ass.
Fox News Heather and all the other political ones are the uncensored.
The uncensored version.
So you can hear like the F-word and all that good stuff.
Oh, there it is.
What's that?
The Mark Eisenbergs last.
See how come the gale is the one that's the one that's the one that stole it.
Oh, you're really not.
You're a slip-and-man.
You really are a slip-and-you spend too much time in his room.
And this, I don't think I can do four hours.
It's an end-good thing I decided to do one or two with the bit still this week.
After Labor Day, we'll go back to serious four hours.
Stop and think about it.
Joe and Mark, two to five.
How many hours is that?
Three.
Okay?
Mo and Gildy, five to eight.
How many hours is that?
Per-row, eight to ten.
How many is that?
Two freaking hours, man.
My God.
A dead man could do that.
Pivot Manage have a scam.
Yeah, that's right.
Me, ten to two, four freaking long excruciating hours.
Man, a dog, two to four, two hours.
The Humper, four until usually about six thirty when a Marlins Andreck comes on, like
Tomorrow Night.
Right?
Two and a half hours.
Top three.
Okay?
Any K, talk about a scam, any comes on after the ballgame.
So if it's an extra inning game, he's unlike from 11th, 30th, one in the morning or two
whatever.
Although, actually, on nights that he actually does four hours on nights when there's no ballgame,
he doesn't have that too.
But other than me and Eddie K, so we're getting screwed, man.
Too much work on his hand.
Too many of these damn shows.
Tuesday and Thursday was perfect for you having no idea.
Oh, no.
No, sure, that was great for a dotting old fool like me.
That was perfect.
I think I'm sticking with that.
I'm not Tuesday and Thursday.
That's all they're going to get out of me.
Let's screw him.
Right?
Mo?
Yeah.
Get your keychain.
Get your best in the ill and get with it already.
Let's go.
Let's go.
I feel like I'm sitting here like it's a dry run.
The thing sounds like crap.
There's nobody in town still because unless you got little kids, there's no reason to come
back here.
Two hours after landing, it started raining so hard at my house.
I thought the world was coming to an end.
I'll take another day with no power.
I'll take another 13 hours with no electric and Toronto over what's going on here right
now.
Any day.
I'll trade it even Steven.
Fitty Fitty.
I'm Tonya.
Without a fan.
Without a fan.
Well, we got the fan.
I think it's like 680 on the dial, something like that.
Rumors' kid works at the fan.
By the way, Rumor and I are going to the doctor this afternoon.
He's paying for his.
What are you laughing about?
No, I just want to make, I want to go public right now.
I'm not paying for his doctor's appointment.
I know that's why he's looking me.
I'm not paying for his doctor's appointment.
Plus he owes me the 14 bucks from that lottery ticket from last year, from last year.
No less.
I told my close personal friend, Ken Halpern, our limo driver from National Lowe's,
is not the infant?
I guess, yeah.
Better be, do you?
I hope so.
Wait a minute.
Well, no, I got his number here.
We're going to put him on the website, Ken Halpern.
Yeah, place in disco.
We're not going to take any goddamn calls here today because everybody's gone.
Well, don't tell me you're lost, Ken's card.
Wouldn't that be bad?
I'm going to be bad.
But I'm sure he'll call if you have.
Yeah.
He'll give me that number, I'm sure.
I don't have it.
I don't have it.
So Ken, good luck to you, okay, my friend.
I got his email.
No, I don't have his card, no more.
Well, that's where it goes.
But anyway, he was telling me about rumor being cheap.
It's 18, he 411 already at 560 WKM.
You see how far we go behind now?
We keep falling further and further behind.
And it's off for Ralph's fault.
Because he wants my vent.
Nice going, by the way, I'm serious.
I will put money up to build a statue to him.
Out of spam?
Because he brought us back to light.
Not out of anything.
I'll put up a thousand dollars to build a statue, a tribute statue, to a Scot farrell.
You have kids going back to college and next couple of weeks, well, if you do one, I'll give them one of the comforts of home.
A new bed from Dollar mattress.
That's really good.
By calling 1-800-Mattress, you can order a new mattress from Dollar mattress for your college student.
And send them up right in their office apartment.
When you call 1-800-Mattress, you can choose from dozens of models.
They got the top names.
They got C. Lee, a certain tempered ex-immiser King Corp, at a low student prices.
And it doesn't matter where the college student is headed to, they're staying in South Florida, or headed to Philly, Boston, Tallahassee.
Where the hell is Gator, or land?
Where is that Gainesville?
Yeah.
New York, Washington, East Lansing, where the hell might be?
The bedding experts at Dollar mattress will make them feel like they're right at home.
Get that bed now by dialing 1-800-Mattress, 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, you'll get services on parallel to the universe.
And they carry only first quality name-brand mattresses to a discount price.
There's no house brands, no irregular's, no seconds, no C-R-A-P.
When you call dialing-mattress at 1-800-MAT-T-R, you pick the day and time for your delivery.
Within the next two to our Windows 7 days week, that's convenient for you from 8-8-M to 10-PM.
And your kids will be sleeping well the very first night that they're going.
With low prices, same day delivery, free setup, and removal, it's easy to see.
Why dialing-mattress is ranked number one in customer satisfaction.
Everybody gets a student discount at dialing-mattress 2.
So called dialing-mattress 2-Day Tool-Free at 1-800-MAT-T-R-E-S, or online, check them out at mattress.com.
For dialing-mattress, the easiest smart way to get you a great night's sleep.
My, my, and look all this is 435-60.
You way, you way.
When summer rolls around, there's nothing I like more than sitting on the front porch with a nice cold glass of country and moment lemonade.
Now the thing they could make it better would be a pretty little girl sitting next to me.
No way to say it. A pretty little naked girl.
Yeah, that's what I meant. No, no wait. A pretty little naked girl who puts her hand on my thigh and starts rubbing real gentle like it.
No, no, no, I got it. A pretty little naked girl rubbing my thigh, talking dirty in my air, who throws me on the porch and has her way with me.
Yeah, yeah, that's it. She just starts pounding me, man. Riding the hog, screaming, do me, baby, do me. Give it to mama.
Yeah, oh, oh, oh, oh, forget the damn lemonade, man. Just give me the naked girl.
Come on, I'm these poor laddies.
That is an interesting expression riding the hog. Maybe that's why they call it pork.
It's about minutes before 11 at 5.60 W. What the hell was that? Did you hear that?
Oh my god, that's the snap crack one. Pop, I was talking about.
And now I noticed that all four of my VU leaders are moving, which never happens anywhere.
Oh, that's because you have the auditions that I pushed down. No, I don't. Well, I always did.
I haven't pushed on. I pushed them on.
You pushed them on? I pushed them on. I don't know what you're talking about. They're not on. I take them off.
Yeah, they're out of here. And the most, the first thing most said to me in a parking lot this morning, you look at me and smile and say,
Hey, go off those checkered pants. I thought that was kind of cute.
Yeah, he's not concerned about what pants I'm wearing. He's concerned about what's in him. Not much more, okay?
You're not missing much. He's got the hot forming. There's no questions obsessed. Obsessed with me.
Here's the pool today. Oh, here's a retire, the retire guy. WQAM.
QAM.
Yeah. Hello. You can do it. He can do it. He can't get it up.
What did I turn it this morning long before the show ever started? I said they're not going to. We have one right.
You almost could cut that one guy's a real call. 5 6 7 0 5 60 before I give you the pool, which isn't going to need a lot of additions. I'm already in the monsoon myself.
But here he is. Here's the retire guy. WQAM.
5 6 7 0 5 60. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Welcome back, Neil.
Thank you so much. You may go. Welcome back to hell. This is real love.
Okay. What do you say? Miss Reloves company or something like that? Something like that.
I don't know what he's talking about. Spigging lace, okay? Asshole.
Here's today's pool. Which of these things? Oh, there you go. There's some calls on there, but I'm not ready for them right now.
I'll get to them. They'd like to play hard to get. And then all of a sudden I'm supposed to like hop to you know, hop on this assholes.
I'm sick of this crap. Poor Scott and he's got like a 90 share in between 8 and 10. He's the great white hope for this radio station with our crappy signal and our clueless engineer.
All we got one engineer is a good guy. That's a fix it was in this morning. We got Boris Yeltson fix it.
And he was in here. He's the only guy to ever fix anything in here. He only got a really curious.
I think he put these buttons in on the board. Corso is wheeling the crap. Big cartons up in on all.
Oh, we're going digital. What a jerk. He really is. He's a jerk. Screw and looks like hell and George Corso is an idiot, but then nothing changes.
Here's the next poll question. Which of these things bugs you the most? I forget this is a good time to be doing this now.
Of course in South Florida. It's always a good time. In fact, I should have one just for myself being here.
Being here just bugs me more than I can put into words. Make a sequel to being there. Being here.
I'm not joking you about the irritable bowel. No, I know you're not.
In Toronto, I have the most beautiful medicinal bowel movements in the history of mankind. You know the kind talking about this whole thing.
I'm not saying always, but a good part of the time. Right. White is a facility. Just love that's correct. Just lovely.
But here it's the the sink and float lady. Thank God she croaked man. She be she be hyper ventilating.
I mean floaters just frightening scary. Big big and you want to know why they float because they're filled with air pockets of air.
Yeah, that's why they that's why they float. It's whipped. I'm whipped. That's that's why I'm here because I feel whipped but I will be here long.
In fact, you know something I got a nice heavy coat up there. I got all kinds of I got winter wear. I got a big.
What the hell do I need to be here in a winter time? No, I'm I'm seriously we thinking all of that.
I give up. I'm thinking a week here a week there. That's plenty being in this crap hole, huh?
The equipment here is garbage. It sounds like crap in here. I'm embarrassed to be I don't like the way it sounds.
Don't I sound better in Toronto than what I'm here? Much. And assholes like that little Tom Jicke who by the way hasn't written anything interesting in years.
Oh, well, how's he going to keep his finger on a pulse? There's no pulse. There's no goddamn pulse here.
I drove to work this morning. My guide was like another horror show coming to work. A nightmare. You got to see on 5.95.
They all look like they're terrified and with good reason you should be terrified. If you're out there in a vehicle or anything resembling one, you should be terrified.
It'd be driving with these morons. Shoulderhead can't help but bitching and moaning and screaming that drive home from the airport on Saturday morning.
That these imbeciles, especially one bitch. Forget where the hell this was. Boy, she was. He was over on hiatus, I think.
I wanted to hit her with a goddamn crowbar. Anyway, here's the poll question today. Which of these things bugs you the most?
Arnold running for governor. We know Arnold was going to get his ass kicked by the way, especially when all this stuff comes out.
Ladies and gentlemen, Arnold Schwarzenegger. George W. Bush being a moron.
These stupidity of the American public. Moe Howard David. We got to get him on any poll we can.
Absolutely. People who won't speak English, sports nerds, and then I added three more Eric. Is Eric paying attention he better be.
He's been good since we got rid of that idiot. Assholes covered with tattoos.
Huh? Yeah. People with tons of body jewelry. Anyone come to mind.
And George filling in for Neil. Of course. I had to give you a shot. Well, no, we're not going to do the poll on how you did till next week.
A lot of back a week in the audience comes. But I mean, no, seriously, we don't do that right away. It's unfair to all of us, especially me.
Which of these things bugs you the most? Arnold running for governor. George W. Bush being a moron. These stupidity of the American public.
By the way, it's a great column by Jimmy Brezzler, which is on our website today. I have it here. The Aristick with lies from News Day yesterday. Oh my God.
They got the EPA to lie. Oh, yeah, you go out and take some deep heavy breaths out there in New York. Go out there in the street corner and breathe and inhale deeply.
In the meantime, there are people up there going to be dead from all the crap in here. It's a nightmare.
Anyway, Mohar David, people who won't speak English, sports, nerds, assholes covered with tattoos. People with tons of body jewelry and George filling in for Neil.
Which of these things bugs you the most? And we're, you know, gaming might put some other things on there. I'm not going to do the drivers thing anymore. Now, what did you do with my card?
I have it right here. Well, don't forget to give me that back because it's my close personal friend, Ken Halpert.
And if he's realized to me, I won't tell about the incident we had at the airport on Saturday with him.
At any rate, 5, 6, 7, huh? No, he's, oh, everybody's always wrong. Neil's going to rip me on here. I happen to be a very nice guy and I don't rip people on here, even when they deserve to be ripped on here.
Because sometimes they're stupid, you know? I mean, generally speaking, you know, sometimes there are people who are smart most of the time, but once in a while they act stupid. Right.
Well done, Mohar. It was so pleasant seeing him out in the parking lot with Gildi this morning. Do you believe me? Does it sound convincing? There.
No, not really. In fact, when I drove up, I thought it's like 20 after eight. You mean to say that those assholes are still here?
I purposely took my time, you know, coming down Ives Derry Road, thinking, okay, if I just dawdle along, if I go about two miles an hour through the school zone, maybe I'll have the misfortune of missing them.
But there they were like a welcoming committee standing out there in the parking lot. And Mohar said, I pick the bad date of quitsnith and glude W-D-Q-I-M.
Hey, George. Yes, it is. Hey, George, it's filled with action roofing. It's what? It's good with action roofing. Fill with action roofing.
Oh, no, this is me, hold just because yeah, you have me fooled there. What are you doing, fellow? Is George giving you like, please, you know, plugs these guys come kind of a scam going? You want to hear what?
No, not at all. Okay, I just get. Like, yeah, part of Arnold and stuff like that, but I don't know. Do you know his stance on marijuana? No.
Yeah, he wants to decriminalize it big time and one of the guys, sir, I wanted decriminalize it, but that doesn't make me eligible to be governor of Florida.
Okay, just because he might say some things that you agree with. Does that mean that he's qualified to be dog catcher?
No, he was qualified. I mean, it's an insult to the limited intelligence of the American public, sir. Arnold for governor, it's pathetic.
Well, at least that gives George a reason to at least root form since he's nothing to do with George's movement of California right now. He said he's either moved to California or Canada, one of the other.
But one of his one of his advisers, one of his advisers, one of his advisers is a normal.
Yeah, one of his advisers is abnormal too. And I hear one of his advisers is George Schultz who's a card carrying Nazi. So have a nice day.
Okay, Phil from whatever that roofing place was. Do you know that guy? He comes by parents and stuff. That's his monarch or.
Oh, I'm Phil from Schmender roofing, right? Well, I'm Neil from hunger.
My wife and local. This is for trade of I-60.
There's a butt- I smell it.
Welcome.
He said as they both look back on the outside of cheese, the meat wasn't shy.
Can't keep it in his pants. Can't keep it in his pants.
Van Day and evil come, Ronald. He won the best of battle. But now he's changed his motto.
No more who she could cheat. No more who's who she. Unless it's here's the blue cheat.
Now, Kobe knows he's got a good lawyer. Jeff Feet and cheerleaders are all he's true.
His wife won't save it. We're the people. He's true.
11-1-1-5-60 WQM Happy Monday to you. We got the mad dog in town in the studio 2-4-7.
It'll be nice to see him. Kimba Volkamp or it's yours 4-7. I tell you how the Humper has got a better scam than I've ever been.
And then he's never on. That was funny.
He's on the Stevie Tyler program. He's on permanent vacation. He's not in Vegas.
He will be doing a couple of shows this week. I think Wednesday and Friday from Vegas.
See I'm done with Vegas. I'm all through with Vegas. I've had it.
Okay. Faneito. Not Amsterdam. I changed my mind. Amsterdam. I got little sour on there for a while as you know.
But at least Amsterdam, there's always the possibility of a good time and the probability.
Not every day. Not like it used to be. It's not as wild and not as busy as it used to be. But it's okay.
But Vegas, it's just the guarantee you're going to lose a lot of money number 1 and number 2, it's I don't know.
It's a thing. It's like Disney World. You can go there, you know, a certain number of times. And after I'd say a few visits.
That's it. There's no need to ever go back again. Am I right? Right. Why would you go back? Would you go back to Disney World?
Not for myself. No. I mean when you're little when your little kid fits a little bit older like another week or two.
And you'll put around one of those wild rides and hope hope for the best.
But anyway, see George is happy to see me not because I look at it different than usual. In fact, I look a little bit better because I had air cut.
Yeah. I'll dab her. Huh? You're fit. No, I'm not fit. I'm fat as a. In fact, I had lost a little bit and then I came back here in a couple of days sitting on my ass with my irritable bowel and my gigantic floating turds.
I'm, I'm blown up. This can't last. This is not going to work. What? You're walking more. So you can see there's more blood circulating through your body. Your heart's better.
You have more color in your face as opposed to being a stagnant lump. Like I would be after a week here. Right.
But the only reason George is happy to see me is because I brought him pulling for Columbine. Thank you. I'm DVD no less.
I haven't watched the, the other disc in with all the, I can't wait to watch that. I'll bring it back. Oh, you damn right. You'll bring it back.
But the, I don't even know which is the most fascinating part. The interview with Charlton Heston, which is toward the end, which is just, you'll just pee in your pants laughing.
I mean, he makes a monkey out of it. It's, it's a beautiful thing. And by the way, Charlton Heston, we're glad that you're sick and dying.
Do you son of a b...
And we're glad that you got, although it's bad that he's got Alzheimer's because he ought to remember everything real distinctly. So every time somebody dies from, from a handgun, that he thinks about it and remembers it and savers it.
And Mike Amor keeps holding up the picture of this little girl, which is a long story. He would die in flimers. You can put a handgun. And he just keeps walking away and walking away. So as he leaves the house, he, he props the picture up against the stone thing, the stone hinge out in front.
And Dick Clark, up until I saw that movie, I always liked Dick Clark. He should only rot. Okay. I'm glad that now he's starting looking really old. He's making up for lost time.
Yeah, so you don't like to take anymore. I don't, well, let me just say this. I don't like Dick Clark. I do like Clark bars. Clark Kent. And I do like, but as far as Dick Clark is concerned, he should die a wicked death. In fact, I hope he ages a lot in the next year.
Yeah. If he lives that long, makes me sick. And I he he's in a van. I told you the story. Nice in a van with all his cronies, his flunkies. And Michael Moore is confronting him about that restaurant. He had up there in the Flint, where he had all that the welfare mamas are working there, paying a minimum wage and abusing them. And the kid of, I don't want to go to the store again, but you'll see it. Yeah. Can't wait. In fact, the movie is so good that I taped. I put on cassette just a little blurb of the cartoon about the
history of America. I was on the free history of the United States of America. I was and girls ready to get started. Once upon a time there were these people in Europe called Filvers and they were afraid of being a person. So they all got a vote. The sales of the new world, but they wouldn't have to be scared. I'm so relaxed. I feel so much safer. But as soon as they arrived, they were greeted by ravages and they got scared of me. So they healed them all. Now, you think, why have you been out there?
I don't know how to raise the people who would calm them down. No, instead they started getting frightened of each other. Where'd they go? The old laborer wishes in 1775 they started killing the British. So they could be free. And it works. But they healed them to feel safe. So they passed their second amendment which said, every what man could keep his gun. I love my gun. Love my gun. It brings us to Virginia, South-earth of slavery. Disney boys and girls, the white people back then were also afraid of doing any work. So they went back to the kidnap thousands of black people, brought them back to America.
And forced them to work very hard for no money. And I don't mean no money like I work at Walmart and make no money. I mean zero dollars, nothing, not a zip. Doing it that way made the USA the richest country in the world. So did I have all that money and free? Help calm the white people down to no way. They got even more afraid. That's because after 200 years of slavery, the black people now outnumber the white people in many parts of the South. Well, you can free my gift for painless. The slaves started revealing. They were a problem. And all that to the head got chopped off. And when white people heard of this,
they were freaking out and going, oh no, no, no, don't kill me, make black people. Well, just in the nick of time came Samuel K.
Welco, who in 1836 invented the first weapon ever, like to be fine over and over without having to reload. And all the sounders were like, yeah!
But it was guling. The North Pole won the Civil War and the slaves were freezing. Yep, they were freed out and go shop all the old masters heads off.
And everybody was like, oh no, Wunkona die! But the three slaves took no revenge. They just wanted to live in peace.
But you couldn't convince the white people of this. So they formed a coup of sland. And in 1871, the same year the clan became an illegal terrorist organization.
Another group was founded. The National Raffle Association. Two politicians tapped one of the first gun laws, making it illegal for any black person to own one.
It was a great year for America. The KKK and the NRA. Of course they had nothing to do with each other and this was just a coincidence.
One group easily promoted responsible gun ownership and the other groups out endless black people. And that's the way it was all the way to 1955.
When a black woman broke the law by refusing to move to the back of the bus, white people just couldn't believe it.
Why won't they move? What's going on man? Oh hell broke loose. Black people everywhere, so there's a man in their right.
And white people had a major freaking field out there. And they were all like, what? Why? Why? Why?
And they did. They all ran fleeing to the suburbs where it was all white and safe and clean.
And they went out and bought a quarter of a million guns and put lots of misholes along in the houses and gave frameless neighbors.
And finally they were all safe and secure and snug as a bird.
And everyone lived happily ever after.
Amen. Holy for Columbine. I think probably who did that with the guys who do South Park because he interviewed one of them.
Who went to hear the voices. The voices are alive.
Yeah, but he interviewed them. And he pointed out that they were like, you know, high school dropouts and faders.
But instead of going and shooting up a bunch of people, they invented South Park, created it and done it.
There's a couple of South Park clips in there. It's cute.
Anyway, bowling for Columbine, you ought to be in your video music, whatever store right now.
Renting, buying, stealing a copy of that, holding the place up just to get you a copy.
It's phenomenal. I watched it again yesterday.
And then when he goes up into Canada, he goes into a Sarni Ontario 73,000 people where they had one murder last year.
Then he goes down to a Windsor, Ontario. He said, well, there's 400,000 people here. I've actually heard a lot of murders.
And he has to talk about a half a dozen people before he finally remembers.
He finds one guy, remember, is a murderer a couple of years ago in Windsor. And he says, yeah, but that was a guy from Detroit who came over from Detroit with a gun that he bought in Minnesota and killed somebody.
And that was it. That was the only murder they could remember in Windsor in years.
And then is when he goes into Toronto and starts walking around the house to house door to door. And the doors are unlocked.
He just keeps opening up people's front door. Oh, excuse me, but I just wanted to see.
And then find the last guy that he opens up the door. He says, well, thanks for letting us in. Thanks for not shooting me.
It was a cute thing. It was a beautiful thing. But that's the difference between being civilized and uncivilized.
Boys and girls, that's the biggest difference. That's what. And see, I found out from watching that that Canadians have guns up the ass because they're big hunters.
But they don't kill each other with them. That's the difference because in America...
That's the American fucking way. Exactly. That's the way we resolve things. Maybe we need a good national course and anger management.
Anger management. We're pretty pissed off about the way this thing sounds in here. George Corso. Yeah. And Scrooam. We're pissed off in a way you look. Yeah.
Well, and you hear how bad that sounds? It's wrong. No, listen to that. I don't know. And I think it's only coming through one speaker.
Definitely. It's only coming through the left speaker. This speaker is not the problem.
I want... We got our program director and our operations manglaring here. I just want to announce to both of them, or both so please deceive me, that this studio is at a scrape.
It's an embarrassment to the guy in the broadcasting industry. I can't believe on a high rated show like this. I come in here, you can pick all the dingo berries out of my S.U.1. But...
It would be a hell of a lot preferable since I'm not too big on suckups. Sucking yes, but suckups know.
I have a studio that sounded right. This is garbage. This is really... I think right now is the worst ever. And that's covering a lot of territory.
It's totally different from Friday, by the way. Yeah, because this is my welcome home, I guess. Probably Corso was in here over the weekend.
Fine tuning in did them with stuff to make sure that would piss me off. In the open season they had to broadcast all these games.
They can take their dolphins and stuff them up their ass. Okay, and by the way, Jay Feedler blows. Jay Feedlers at a scrape.
I mean, he tries hard. He's just marginally mediocre. You know? You follow what I'm saying? He reminds me of the big...
Oh!
Tries hard, but he's mediocre. And it's all he'll ever be. Is he on the schedule today? No, thank God no.
I mean, why do I keep picking on him? I don't know. Why? I don't know. I probably shouldn't because Hank's not in town anyway. Well, Hank likes it because he don't like him.
What is Hank? Hank doesn't like Orlando. I was a query. I don't know what it's all about. You know, like him. Who would you rather hear? The big O or the big Joe Z?
Oh, I don't listen. I see. He's either one of them. But now that we found out that Joe Z is the secret weapon, he's got those big numbers filling all summer for Hank.
That's right. I think we need to get on right away. I think you only let apology.
No. By the way, Joe, I'm glad you didn't die in a plane crash. I know this light, Joe Z. Hank. He's a good guy. He's probably the most boring guy in the world. He does deserve that name. Penisface. But other than that, huh?
Now, you see him. You know he's old penis face. Rink about it. I see the resemblance. I'm sorry.
Without the foreskin, thank goodness. You never recognized him if he had the foreskin. Oh, that's come to wear a turtle neck. There you go. That's not a bad idea.
Joe Z. Hank in a turtle. Like we probably get censored. He probably wouldn't be able to be on here. What's his name? Michael Powell. Probably have a nervous. Schmidt attack.
12 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM. You need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers. Buyers houses fast, hassle free.
Fast cash home buyers. Buyers houses in any condition, location for any reason. You need to set your house fast. These are your house. Maybe need a new roof floor and your other repairs. Maybe you had like a whole bunch of possums and coins moving in your attic.
Don't throw money away on costly repair stuff and call Rob today. And 1 866 785 fast for no obligation, hassle free offer.
At fast cash home buyers, they help you solve your house problems. They have a vacant house, tired of dealing with a problem tenant. Maybe you're going through a nasty rotten divorce.
Is there any other kind? Call fast cash home buyers. Maybe you're one, two or three payments behind or maybe inherited a property that you just don't want.
Fast cash home buyers can help you out. Call Rob today at 1 866 785 fast and let fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today. You won't have to pay any real estate commissions either. Call Rob today at 1 866 785 fast.
Fast cash home buyers solve all those house problems. 1 866 785 fast.
Fast cash home buyers solve all those house problems.
Fast cash home buyers solve all those house problems.
So Muff said he said this studio blows and I said you're absolutely correct.
We made a mistake, they shouldn't be slain. I'm covering that whole library in soil.
Yes.
We're mixing that whole thing with weapons that we bring.
Still more germ oil beginning to boil.
We stand our time again in La Vierria Bill.
Absolutely.
Search and pour our reasons for an assault.
Some people claim we got George Bush to blame and you're right.
It's all George Bush's fault.
I say in peak ripper cities to start at noon.
How do you like this redneck asshole that judge more in Alabama?
Is this pathetic?
I can't stay that way.
How long does this crap going to go on?
You know, lies.
Yeah.
Federal court says in fact one of the discussions of the talking heads yesterday they said there's no point in even discussing any more the constitutionality which is an open and shut case anyway.
But the Federal court said get that thing out of there and that's it and that's and that's there's nothing else to talk about.
He's going to say.
But the good Christians are all schlepping air man and they're all running air and well what's wrong with the thing.
See this is what America is all about is intolerance.
That's another great thing about Canada.
In fact I've been reading many articles about that of Lady is how the separation of church and state is much much stronger in Canada than it is in the USA.
In fact when they were given when the Pope was given Jean Crachan all that crap about the gay marriages and he said and they were there were town Crachan.
His soul was going to rot in hell they were trying to save his eternal soul all of that crap you know.
And he said well I have to take that chance I'll have to deal with my faith because in this country in Canada we have separation of church and state is much more important than the Audiotic and Maldives etc.
Just like Kennedy.
Same thing.
Same crap.
Although kind of Kennedy's of course were much better curfew more clever than Jean Crachan but nonetheless.
Hey don't knock froggy okay.
We need to want to say Bush was a moron way back when before some of these people were in denial here until they finally found out he was not only a moron but a liar in dangerous.
And we got these kids dying over there every day.
We're in a quagmire baby.
We're in a quagmire we're stuck.
And now Afghanistan is starting to blow up again in the Taliban are making a resurgence and there's Americans dying over to go to the end world.
Did we fix that problem?
Oh yeah we fixed it.
We turned what's that expression about we suck tail and ran or how would that go?
Turn tail.
Yeah we suck the tail and ran.
Phil and Carl Springs who's very astute.
Pick it on poor Eric boy what's the response of these for real or is this a joke?
Could be some free pen.
No we got 192 votes in like a half an hour on his pool here already.
I think what a free though.
I sure miss Rick Weaver you know what I'm losing all the games.
But Phil points out that the Eric is dumb he says the stupidity of the American people is Eric spelled jewelry.
The J E W as in Jew E R E L Y Jewie E E E Jewel L R Y.
Yeah I had to even like say it before I can spell it.
Jewel R Y yeah.
Jewel R Y Jew R Us.
Oh and they do have all Martin came art in Canada by the way and what but not like where I am.
In other words not in the suburbs unfortunately.
Okay.
But you'll see you'll be very pleased with Michael more that he and this lady they went into came art and they got them to stuff selling bullets.
How do you like that?
Yeah they did.
They got came art to stuff selling bullets.
That's all they left.
And then they got a bit on there with Chris Rock where he's saying a stand up that we're talking about.
Bullets should be five thousand bucks a piece.
Guns are okay but they should start charging five thousand bucks for a bullet.
There you go.
And then you know you'd run around saying I'd f and kill you if I could afford to you know stuff like that.
You'd have to really want to kill somebody.
Right real bad.
Since there wouldn't be no dry there wouldn't be no innocent bystanders getting shot.
Right to offensive.
So anyway thanks to Phil or Croll Springs that's really good we'll take a call or two if we get any here.
I don't know.
I have my doubts all over everybody's concentrating on a poll.
Which of these things bugs you the most we got 200 votes.
These stupidity of the American public that was my vote 81.
Nice go and kneel again you got your thumb right on it.
It's frightening it's scary.
It is so freaking scary.
Just like the thing in Alabama and just like Arnold in California all of a sudden nonsense.
I mean the public in this country should be concentrating on the fact that they're losing their goddamn freedoms.
We got a president and all his cronies are a bunch of liars.
We have a guy named electrical grid in this country that's our kick.
That any minute we can all be sitting here like Dylan with ourselves in the dark.
House of freaking cards.
It is.
Well in fact number two is George W. Bush being a moron 43 tied with people who won't speak English 43.
Well he's a moron in any language how do you like that you know.
Right.
Mohawar David had 14.
He's small potatoes in this poll.
You're the no more these are wins for Mohawar.
Absolutely.
George filling in for Niels only got 12 see even smaller taters so far.
You're like Tater tots.
You've seen them that her Tater tots.
Arnold running for governor for sports nerds too.
People with tons of body jewelry one and assholes covered with tattoos none.
I guess I must be the only one.
I'm sure which one bothers me most.
People with red hair or people with lots of tattoos.
Throw with the redheads.
I have an aversion to them.
Really?
You never told you that?
No.
I don't think it's ever going to happen.
I don't know.
You're a whole crap I mentioned on here a million times.
But third man.
At least over the years.
I understand redheads can look freaky but sometimes they can look good.
I'm talking about redheads who have like the red, the freckles and that kind of complexion
everything.
They got the weird colored lips and that kind of thing.
Weird colored lips.
They're almost like albinos.
Oh.
Oh redheads.
I'm like albinos.
They got the really pale skin.
They freckle really pale skin right.
What the fuck are you talking about.
Okay.
I'm not sure what bugs me most either the people just covered with tattoos.
Oh.
Oh you'll enjoy the interview he did with Marilyn Manson too.
And you'll also enjoy the whole thing for Kyle but yes he's good.
You'll also enjoy tremendously the eclipse that he drops in here from Julie Bremen.
Talking about Marilyn Manson and this is the sickest rock group that's ever come along in the lyrics.
You know something.
Thank goodness he's dropping into polls now that they really realize what he's all about a little bit.
And they're saying are you kidnus fat?
Even the goi am safe fat when they see Julie Bremen on the earth.
That's right fat.
Are you kidnus?
You idiot you crazy for missing you?
You scumbag you?
And then he's going on here yesterday so I saw him a little bit on the talking head thing.
And he's just to find a war.
Here we got kids dying everyday over there.
We know that they lied like crazy to us.
Over in England they're getting ready to roast Tony Blair on a spit.
And here is Julie Bremen which I wouldn't spit on the best part of him.
Piece of crap if I could find it.
The American people my god wake up and sniff the goddamn coffee before it's too late.
Sniff the lilacs and roaches to your idiots.
Get with it.
Stop living in a dark age.
Just stop letting these n-dithol right wing assholes.
Your energy vice president there.
Dick Cheney with an appropriate first name.
What a dick.
Oh well we are going to reveal the details of those energy.
You're of course not because it's all with your goddamn cronies.
Good old Kenny boy.
And then first energy from Cleveland which turns out to be another one of their buddies.
Right.
Which is the one that resulted in this 50 million of us being without power a week ago Thursday.
But I'll say it again.
I'll go for a whole week.
As long as I get to stock up a few supplies ahead.
Sure.
Of course that ice cream melts real fast in the heat.
But I'll go for a whole week being up there with no power is supposed to be in here for a day.
How can't seriously all you people out there and I know they're going to call it well if you don't like it get out of here I do as much as possible.
I already have taken care of that.
So that's not a comeback.
I mean how do people live here?
This is the end of the universe which I haven't told you for almost 30 years now.
This is not real life.
This is make believe.
You walk outside and you're either your skin bakes.
Right.
Parb royal.
Yeah.
Okay you're your parb royal.
That's for par.
Yeah.
Moe was out there.
He wishes he could shoot par.
Yeah there's another thing.
People that play golf down here.
What else are they going to do?
You can sweat a lot.
People that play golf and go out and sweat and get skin cancers.
Things like a good melanoma.
Anyhow that the pole is just phenomenal here.
233 votes.
This is something freaky about this.
Maybe Eric freaked it.
Eric's not freaky.
Why do you keep picking on Eric?
He and I have to go to sensational relationship.
I email him the stories at night.
He gets them on their facts and you can say,
fat's lob.
It tells wrong with you.
We're all chummy.
It's all love.
I mean if you want to bring back, you know, that other piece of wreck.
You know, you want to bring back to that.
No, you have to keep it in there.
I don't want to see it.
I don't want to know what I don't want to smell it.
I don't want to.
And by the way, Pharrell can take part of the blame for that.
He took something that was already a little bit off and he like, you know what I'm saying?
He like pulled him right over the edge.
And he had like one and a half legs over the edge of the cliff.
He threw him the rest of the way.
He gave him like a push, a little shove.
You know what I'm talking about?
Make him into a superstar, you know, like that.
What?
I'm just clear of mind and science.
By the way, thanks for my good post-friend Dr. Hampt.
You know, have one thing I will say because people are like, oh, he does this bitch in complain.
If something is good, if somebody does right by me, I'll sing their praises till the end of time.
Which maybe soon away Bush is going.
Dr. Hampt, she is great.
Unlike most of rumors, other quack doctors, she's fantastic.
Remember about a year ago at this time when I was having all those assignments?
Oh, I thought I was never going to have like one moment's piece.
My ear by the way has opened up nicely.
Like just like that.
I feel pretty good.
And even better than that, I will say one good thing about being here.
I'm probably just going since, you know, my heel spur that I've been bitching about by a belly aching about.
It's mostly gone now.
That coincidence.
Maybe it's the South Florida, it's the climate.
Maybe it's the humidity.
Maybe the humidity like, when in doubt kind of sucked it out.
We're supposed to be in the O-5 system.
Q-A-A-A.
Anton, straight in his marriage.
So let's walk through this.
First, nothing is off limits in our marriage.
Second, I procured women for Bill when he was governor.
Screw on my left, which he did.
And the saga's continued.
I laughed when he confessed that he had paid for frequent visits by a call girl to a hotel he stayed in when he was in Washington.
She was one among many Bill solicited.
During the White House years, Jennifer Flowers claimed she'd had a 12-year affair with him.
This was completely in character for Bill.
My favorite was Monica Lewinsky.
Bill talked to her a few times and she had asked him for some job hunting help.
And dropped to her knees to kiss my husband.
I came to know and like her.
And I asked her if she wanted to live with us in the White House.
She said, yes.
As long as there would be sex with my husband.
As always, I said okay.
Okay.
L-32-560, W-QM now now it sounds like really tinny.
Do you hear that?
Now let me try something.
Okay now this has sounded different than it did to men to go and what about now?
Oh, what do you do?
No, because you always had that audition button on.
But now it's like I'm going to tin can.
That just makes the needles move.
That doesn't make anything come out of anything.
Okay. Well how come it sounds like I'm going to tin can?
Is it better or worse than it was before the break?
Same.
It is?
No to me it sounds really tinny.
And that's because you dicked with my mic.
Don't dick with mic.
Dicked back.
You might...
How'd you do it?
Don't you don't even know what I did.
Don't do it!
I know how to...
All right, dick this thing.
It's the third one.
The one all the way down at the bottom.
The third one?
Yeah, push it to the back.
That's the front.
I'm going to make it really tinny to the back.
I know, actually that sounds awful.
One moment please.
All the way down is the way that it was.
Okay, that's where it is.
That's where it is.
Oh, that sounds good.
What's wrong with that?
Well then quit dicking with it.
Quit dicking with my mic already.
Will you please?
He's just trying to sabotage that.
That's all.
I don't care.
He's just trying to chase me back.
It worked.
See, I know.
No, it's not...
That was fine the way it was.
It's the speaker.
The overhead is uncontrolled.
The EQ, they did something.
It's either too loud or too low.
And our engineers are still ISOLES.
That's all.
That's about online.
I hear it.
I see you.
Okay.
I see you dicking with it in there.
George is dicking with it.
So this candidates are political.
He's yanking it around.
Here's a way to deal with this fact.
This is...
Well, let me read the other one first, because it's more marginal.
Good morning, Neil.
Will you consider putting all or most of the above as a choice for the full?
No.
No, we won't.
These choices are extremely insightful and make it difficult to choose.
I'll select these stupidity-marking public without all of the above.
Since the others seem to be symptoms or examples of stupidity,
thanks and welcome back to a full-time schedule that says, well, thank you so much.
I'll add two to the enthusiasm, I saw.
Here's one.
I know this pale in comparison to the other selections, but...
Women's shoe styles are unbelievably freaky.
Feet aren't exactly the most attractive part of the human anatomy.
Well, in my case, they are.
But these goddamn shoes make them really ugly.
They ugly- they ugly- painted pig toes sticking out of six-inch-toil Frankenstein monster sandals.
It's not attractive.
What the hell is going on with women's shoe fashions?
Isn't that something that we probably ought to do some shows on?
No, that's not possible.
Let's do a big one for the shows.
Let's join Mark.
There you go.
There's a good topic for women's shoe fashions.
There you go.
Welcome back to South Florida, Neil.
Oh my god.
And then the worst part of it is their cereal.
I know.
Now, I don't see an awful lot of action on this phone here.
We might do the new into two comedy bits- two hours.
Huh?
No, actually, to show you how weak I am about 15 minutes ago,
I was really thinking because I was in such a good mood.
I was thinking, well, we don't want to do the lazy take the, you know,
the cop out doing that one to two comedy bits in there.
Just fake our way through this last week before Labor Day, but we will.
No, we will.
Sure.
Because I don't see much going on there on that phone.
And this is not the kind of a pull where- I mean,
you see the kind of selections that they're trying to add to this pull.
This pull is fine.
Come on.
Women's shoes.
Women's shoes.
They're pressing me off, especially the guys that are wearing them.
W-D-Q-I-M.
Hello.
Good morning, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Good morning to you.
Uh, I would like to vote on the poll.
And I would like to choose George Bush as being a complete moron.
Yeah.
Uh, it really scares me.
Every time the guy makes a speech, I have to change the channel because he's so embarrassing.
I don't know what the rest of the world thinks about.
He always has that deer in the headlights look, you know, with the furrowed brow,
like, uh, I don't have any idea what's going on there.
The blank spear, the- the- the spear of the blank spear.
Really?
Uh, what was his name, uh,
mentioned if they had him and Dan coiled together.
Yeah, that would be excellent.
Oh my God.
I think I have to leave the country like you.
I'll- I'll most suggest that that'd be a good ticket for next time.
Chandie's going to be too busy sticking his finger in the socket.
Thanks a lot, Pallie.
Okay, bye-bye.
Yeah.
Hey, that's a good idea for Chandie to stick his finger in the socket.
They'll keep his pacemaker going, move him strong.
Give it a try, Dick.
5'6'7'05'60,
pound 5'60' on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
I think I'm going to leave about a quarter to two.
We'll get that last break in.
All right.
No, because I got to meet Rimmer for the doctor.
We're going to the doctor together like, you know, we'll play-
I guess you think they'll buy-
Because I guess you think they'll buy.
Maybe I'll pay the bill, his bill.
What?
A hundred years gone by and because I got high back to the-
There you go. That's good.
That's it.
Kills it.
Kicks it right in the old can.
That's what I'd like to do to Moe, kick him in the old-
Back to him can.
5'6'7'05'60,
pound 5'60 on the AT&T.
I just go whole hog, so to speak.
This is what I told Jeff Hywin, he came to Adlin in here.
I mean, nothing ever changes though.
He has lost weight.
Nothing-
I told him he lost an ounce here too.
Nothing ever changes.
Whether he's lost weight or not, he's still a goddamn food pusher
and I still am nauseated by the sight of him
and by the crap that comes out of his mouth.
Come on, pal.
I heard you mentioned Tony Romas.
Fat people who want to kill the rest of us, okay?
I'll be lucky to survive this whole week here
without another goddamn pulmonary embolism or a stroke
or all of these things because all these people already trying to force me.
I love the nerves, Todd Dreck, you eat it, okay?
Like what's his name said?
In Godfather 3.
Oh, you're so skinny, you eat it.
What's that was his name?
Tony Montana.
No, not Tony Montana.
Don Tituio.
I don't know which one it was.
It was Eli Wallach.
Don Juan.
DeMarco.
What's Don was here?
I don't know.
Don Johnson.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T.
Here's somebody on 2WQAM.
Hey, how you doing?
I'm talking about bowling for Colin Byni.
Yes, sir. Go right ahead.
Oh, I'm not with you.
Yes, you are.
You really caught me up guard here.
That's the idea.
Let me just shut you off, okay?
If you don't mind.
Shut me off, please.
I'm gonna shut you off.
Two damn long.
I'm gonna back.
I saw that movie twice the first week it came out.
Right.
I've never been so riveted.
Right.
And that's a long film.
Two hours.
One other lesson, two hours.
It is apps.
I think it's the best documentary in the last 30 years.
I think it's the best one I've ever made.
It could very well be.
And it's one best documentary.
Right.
I just urge everybody to go see that and then see it again.
And again and again.
And again.
And a one little word about the big O, which I think is he's aptly named,
because he is a big O.
The only reason he's honest is because he used to say,
Q, O, Q.
And after the 40,000's time, I got a little old.
Yeah, you're right.
But I'm glad he's gonna get it.
That way, I'll mark Morgan's stool in front of him.
Oh, okay.
Have a great day, pal.
Thank you, buddy.
See you on Q-A-M.
Q-A-M.
I wanna hear him say that on Channel 4.
Maybe that'll make Angela Ray fall backwards.
He won't do it.
Because then they can his ass.
Because they wouldn't put up with anything as bushly.
All of the guy had her at a good point.
Why do we?
Why do we put up with it?
Because we don't care.
You said it before the show today.
We don't care.
We don't care about the sound and hear about the speakers,
about the balance, about the EQ and the IQ and their IQ.
But don't care.
We just want the guy to pay money.
Just look at the sign up there.
Just give us the FU money.
Is what it says.
They're right.
And that's the way I feel about this place.
Just the 10th and 25th.
Make sure that my check showed up early this payday.
I love that clearance, man.
If he weren't so ugly, I might consider doing him.
He's, oh, he's ugly.
Up until today, I never read it.
Because I never, I try not to look at him.
He's a good guy, but he's so ugly.
I was considered a generic.
That, no, he, oh, no, you're a generic.
He's very ugly.
Well, what?
I don't know what's worse than.
No, believe me.
He's incredibly ugly.
And that's why he can't get laid.
I mean, and that's because, I mean,
there are plenty of ugly guys get laid.
Yeah.
But in his case, he's already like socially demented,
retarded, whatever.
And then you add to that the fact that he looks bad.
And got a really tiny penis.
Maybe he ought to try putting in the bowl of water
like that plastic one I was telling you about.
Warm water.
Put your penis in a bowl of warm water, Clarence.
No, see what happens.
A little Epsom salts can't hurt him.
19 till noon.
Salt Peter.
At, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Maybe that's where they got that expression from.
My Lord, this is 420 electricity.
QAM.
Now that he is on the ticket here,
all the earth governors are we here.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
If he's rooted in, there'll be a big change.
You're gonna feel the burn, you'll feel the pain.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh, my, oh, my!
The laws he plans to pass in crude
Want to pull you up like a balloon, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'm telling you, California, did I hear you curse?
You want me a mystery universe?
Even kids will get their training.
The lunch boxes will all be waiting.
Tell me that the boat's falling on the beach star.
Meet sets with the heavy bars.
I hope you're ready for a governor's watch laying around here.
Yes, George, you ought to be proud of him
because he's for the decriminalization of marijuana.
That call was enough to make me gag, you know?
Okay, and he was serious.
That's the worst part of the whole thing.
He was really serious.
Sad, very sad, okay?
Tragic.
Almost as tragic as this fact says,
if you heard about this group of people,
two or three on the internet,
who are blasting Michael Moore's bowling for Columbine movie on websites like
and it's Scott, we've opened the Oscar, etc.
Why do we care?
Who cares?
They do.
Why?
I don't know.
See, that's a good model for all your kids out there.
Don't pay attention to assholes, okay?
I mean, there's so many assholes on the internet we couldn't even begin to count.
They don't have numbers that go that high.
So why would you pay any attention?
Especially when you know it's just a limited fringe number of morons, okay?
And probably also inspired by like newsmax.com, you know, the gun huggers,
the Charlton Heston suckers.
Don't forget what I told you.
When you see that interview with him on there, you're just going to freak out.
I saw most of it.
You did?
On a documentary about Michael Moore.
Yeah.
Or one of those stories like, uh,
Did you see the part where he shuffled off?
Yeah, yeah.
He just shuffled away.
Good old Chuck Heston, man.
Probably forgot the interview by now.
56050560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
What's all that crap?
Left over cause.
And for my heel?
Yeah, if you want.
I don't know what it is.
I'm not knocking it down.
My feet were killing me.
Okay, she should start hurting probably probably because I've been sitting on my ass here for two days.
Right.
What else I got to do?
Probably my feet feel really good when I get that next pulmonary embolism.
The one that like killed me, like David Bloom.
56050560, let's take a couple of these calls.
Or I'll just sit here and keep giving the numbers out.
Either way, it doesn't make any difference to me.
10th and the 25th.
Keep those dates in mind.
W-Q-A-M.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, it was Don Alpebello.
Don Alpebello.
Good work, man.
And where can you get some decent pizza around here, man?
Some decent pizza?
Yeah.
Pizza loft.
By the way, is he running any spots?
Like I said, I don't think there's any decent pizza in town.
No, I'll tell you one thing in Toronto where you can't get his good pizza.
Really?
No.
At least, of course, I can't eat the crust anyways.
So do I make any difference?
What's the bad?
They have a chain called a chain called pizza pizza.
They're all over town.
A sock.
But they have good Chinese food there, though.
Yeah, there's this one place with this crispy beef when they put like 20 pounds of sugar on it.
Oh.
Let's see.
Here's the fat.
Oh, look at this.
This is the guy again.
This is a little Jerry who's now resorted to typing.
Sorry, Jerry.
I ain't going to read it.
I read two words off of there.
Not full of nobody, Jerry.
You're an idiot.
But see, now that Jerry knows I'm back in town, he's going to get me with his face.
I'm going to get you a laugh.
Blow it out, you rancid.
Let's see.
Here's one.
Oh, look at this.
This is cute.
It shows a big humongous.
It says now appearing at the Barnum and Bailey Circus.
Jeff, hi.
Neal, can I have some buffalo-build all of dolphin tickets?
No.
No.
Whatever happened with the tickets now, did Miguel get those?
I think so.
Well, it'll be nice to know.
Hey, Miguel.
It'll be nice to get a definitive answer on that if you got them back from a close-person,
a little, a stick friend.
560-560, £560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line.
Yeah, never changes in this town, man.
Never changes.
Same old misfits on the phone, on the facts.
Although here it is, it's almost noon.
We haven't had retire.
We haven't had any, and we haven't.
Can we hear the foralt tapes, please?
We haven't had him yet.
That's early yet.
Oh, that's right.
We still got a long way to go.
Another hour and ten minutes.
Hour and ten, and what?
Nothing.
I don't know what you're gagging about.
I'm a serious one to two.
Is still the one to two comedy bits.
I haven't heard any bitch in about that hour.
No.
Some are long.
No.
For anyone.
Who would bitch about it?
Exactly.
If it weren't the audience, and like you said, they bitch about anything anyway.
There's nothing to make for them happy.
If it wasn't going to be them, would anybody in here have the balls to come in and say,
oh, gee, I don't think that's a real good idea.
You know, well, not to you, no.
Or to you, or they have it.
But there you go.
They don't even have the balls to come in and say that to you.
So what does that tell you?
Because they're always picking on your little ass.
Just like Moe is always picking on his fat old ass.
Here's the facts from Maria who says,
I finally got a chance to watch for an hour talking,
bowling for Columbine last night.
I have to say it was the best 20 bucks I ever spent.
I found myself intrigued and aggravated at the same time.
I went to bed last night with my mind just spinning.
As I'm writing this, you're talking about Charlton Heston and Dick Clark,
and I could not agree with you more.
In other words, I'm absolutely correct.
As usual.
What assholes, Maria, says?
I've never thought too much at Charlton Heston,
but Dick Clark really surprised me.
It's terrible that his company looks for tax breaks
because they have people working for them who are in the welfare to work program.
Chuck Heston should be ashamed of himself for traveling the Denver and Flint
with the NRA just shortly after each of these tragedies took place.
I was stunned when I saw those morons in the Michigan militia group
at the beginning of the movie.
It's hard for me to believe that there are people out there with that kind of mentality
and they take it to such extremes.
Michael Moore is awesome for bringing to life the fact that the American media has made us all over.
Oh yeah, there's one scene in there where he's showing in Canada what they're watching.
I thought about this.
What they're watching in the news?
Right.
And how they're not like,
now why is that fact machine dialing right now?
And I can hear it.
What did you do?
I just send the facts to Eric.
That was plural minutes ago, remember?
Maybe it's just getting around to it.
Maybe he's making all kinds of crap.
I can hear Eric eating on the other end of it.
Maria says Michael Moore is awesome for bringing to life the fact that the American media has made us all afraid of our own shadows.
That big business is benefiting from that fear.
Kudos to Marilyn Manson and K-Mart, it says.
I said, have a great day.
Quentin Marx says, Maria.
Thanks, Maria.
Oh, that's an excellent animal look at it.
Marilyn Manson was really good on there, but like Julie Rumin says,
and Marilyn Manson, it's the most sickening,
I'm going to tell you something right now.
Julie Rumin needs to be railroaded right out of town, okay?
He needs to be run out of town needs to be tart and feathered.
Piece of crap.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Dr. Schuss, can you hear about Columbine?
Speaking.
Hey, Neal, what's going on?
How you doing?
The best thing is Charlton has to have the end.
He has that picture of Moses behind him.
Do you know that?
Yeah.
Unbelievable.
And the thing that was the way...
That would be for Moses took the steroids.
The craziest thing was when he asked him about the ethnicity thing,
he goes, it's really, he goes, it's sort of...
We have a problem with...
He almost had a problem with black people,
but then he swissed and said,
it all started with the civil rights movement.
Yeah.
I almost part of my chairman, man.
In other words, what he's really trying to say is the fiction,
the spooks, we have too many of them in America,
and they're the ones that are shooting everybody.
That is absolutely incredible.
And Michael Lorgos, right to those scenes from Canada,
and shows that 30% of the population is non-white in Canada,
and they've got a hell of a lot more ethnic diversity there.
Then we'll ever have here.
Incredible.
Can you do me a favor and send me a house for sale in Toronto?
I gotta get out.
Okay.
All right, that.
Good luck to you, pal.
See you on the church street.
I mean, on your own street.
56670560, bomb 560 on it.
What are you laughing about?
Yeah, well, it comes with real estate listings online for Toronto.
Stay the hell out.
Stay the one I have, Vancouver, any.
We don't want to know Americans.
Better we know.
Okay, take your crappy American money and blow it out to your ass.
It's not an American.
By that way, we know that.
We know that.
We got the goddamn INS on your tail.
They'll be there knocking on your door three o'clock in the morning
along with Mayor Suarez in his bathrobe.
WQAM.
Very weak, very weak and fake.
Okay, you're a moron.
You're an idiot.
You're another lifeless South Liberty.
And I can understand it after getting off the plane
at the airport on Saturday.
You're walking into that.
You're walking into the goddamn jet waiting to think,
oh no, right off the bat you're thinking,
oh my god, what am I doing here?
The humidity permeates right through that metal,
right through that heavy metal.
Don't realize how oppressive it is
until you've been gone a long time.
Now you're talking about the weather in South Florida
or the political climate in America.
WQAM.
Yellow?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, I'll be calling for a pump.
Well, that's okay.
Nobody's perfect.
Okay.
I always wanted to have a conversation
without George interrupting.
This is the Reverend Jones.
No, you can't.
WQAM, hello.
I always wanted to know if I could have a conversation.
WQAM.
Hello.
Speaking.
Yeah, I was hoping to talk to Neil.
Speaking.
Neil?
Yes, sir.
Yeah, listen, I can tell you why I'm America so uninformed.
Yes.
We're going to put up with the news media here.
Uh-huh.
All kinds of reasons not to watch Channel 6.
To Instagram, I just got a contract to go to 2006.
Uh-huh.
Well, you don't have any real news people on here in South Florida
and you've got as a bunch of silly people like Angela Ray and Tony Cigaretteau
and people like Dwight Lauderdale with his eating ass bit.
And that's all you got, silly people.
Right.
There are no news people.
There are no journalists anymore.
Rick Sanchez is coming back with specials in the political comments.
Right.
You got Brian Norcross, hyperventilating the weather-fury, dancing all over the goddamn map,
trying to bring tornadoes and hurricanes into town.
And now we got Belkies and a Ray.
Not fancy, of course.
Bill Kamal, Miss Kamal over there who can't drive straight up the Hershey highway.
We're not having a couple of pops.
And we got Belkies and a Ray.
Shilky's a Ray, right.
And then you got that, uh, what's that show that she's on?
The Drecko Drive with Todd Dreck.
Save me, Neil.
Oh my god.
I'd rather see, uh, what's his name from a whammy on there?
Bill, uh, what's that was his name?
Out Loud.
Have a great day, pal.
Right. Good.
Talking to you.
Out Loud!
What was his name, Bill one?
Oh, come on, you don't know?
For God's sake.
Oh my god, I can't believe this.
I'm thinking it started with a C.
Out Loud!
Out Loud!
Out Loud!
Those were the days, baby.
Talk about him, Barry.
That close to show you I had no shame.
I didn't know that it was going to be a bullet.
Once it was on there, we knew how better it was.
And I kept saying, I just, we'll take the checks.
We're not doing anything for it.
In addition to which, when you're working a QAM, can you be embarrassed anymore?
No.
So how can you have any shame?
Like who the hell is morning?
He was talking about credibility.
This is QAM.
We don't have any credibility.
So what do we got to lose?
Must have been Mo?
Oh yeah, Mo's got heavy-duty credibility.
No.
Not.
Hey, Mo, quit.
Now that he's finished picking all the dinglebirds out of his own,
but now I hear he's picking J. Feetlers.
That's what I'm hearing.
That's what Farrell was saying to you that he's picking J. Feetlers' dinglebirds
right there in the locker room.
And he said, man, the aroma and the texture and flavor is unbeatable.
5,6,7,0,5,60,0,5,60,0,
I mean, J. Feetler, I'm sure I never met him.
He's probably not a bad guy.
Oh.
Right?
Could be okay, but he's weak.
He's weak in this.
The people on this radio station most of them, except for Farrell,
he's the only one beside me.
It's got any balls.
I mean, mandage and then mo, they're doing the games.
You don't think they're going to go on there and say,
boy, this guy really blows.
You don't think they're going to say that?
No.
Of course not.
And the Humper, well, you know the Humper, he's the Humper.
He's busy and big.
That was clutching his brains out right now as we speak.
Probably getting a lap dance.
He's got his bookie, he's got his hand on his bookie's a wallet
or the other way around.
And he's got some cheap hooker over there stroking his joint
and what, what, what, what, what, what, what, what's wrong with that?
Nothing.
Jesus, that sounds like a perfect life to me.
Sounds like paradise.
Sounds like paradise is in Vegas.
It's yours, Helen, South Florida, you silly old coo-
My, my, and local.
Here's sports radio 5,60, you ain't, you ain't.
This Mark Morgan is the 12-1 hour on Q-A-M.
Georgie Bush always smiles
and times I think he's telling lies
from it's the earth he must fulfill
to see the Lord on Capitol Hill
on and on we ride the storm
of economy growth and territory form
I think it'll never work in none alone
I've realized that long ago
we everybody out there
we everyone beware
I think we're going on down
to anybody can
oh, let you just gotta know
if push is really fair
if it really can
I hope he's not
up up up full-end
up up up up full-end
up up up up full-end
up up up full-end
up up up up up
come on to it 5,60, W.Q.M.A.
church again, a noon to one hour
got the mad dog in two
Kim Bo-camper, what Kimba has been on
a long time was he on last week at a horror
huh?
I don't think so, I thought I asked
and I had to schedule last week
maybe he took a vacation
so Kimba, from what?
from all the hard work he does
he has other jobs, he has a day job
you know
yeah, selling
you're just sucking his ass
because you bought a car from him
why?
because he's got that big moocow
in front of his car dealership
and because he's a big guy
and he's big
and he will scare you
Kim Bo-camper from Shula's
Florida 7 for the hopper
I like Kimba, I have no problem with him
so you're trying to start crap
again, Hurricane Hotline
from Tony Romas and Cruel Gable
7 and 9 tonight
with Joe and Don Bailey Jr
and who else is going to be on
and the Beast also
is the Beast on that mess
on Hurricane Hotline
we don't know, we don't care
9 to 2 is Eddie Kate
with a 5 hour show
are you ready for that?
Holy Toledo
that's a marathon
man, oh man, I sure hope
there are a lot of games to have the odds on
and overnight it's Joe and Mark
from 2 to 5 and a morning
and we started all over again
with Mo and Guess Who wasn't very friendly to me
in the Aparkin lot this morning
not guilty
because somebody was there watching
and he didn't know
he would be too friendly
yeah
you know what I'm saying
I, I, I, I, I
yeah right
I'm wearing the Goldies Gang shirt
just to show my support
well he's your one too friendly
to me out there in the Aparkin lot this morning
because if he would have been
like extended a hand of friendship
Mo would like
chopped it right off
in his hand too
he'd like craft
writing his pantaloonies
and then Mo probably
would have had a clean out the bag again
absolutely
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 60
this is one of the most of
you know you gave me this nice new pen
that you found
but the only problem is
uh oh
that this board that came from
huh?
Dirt away
we'll save the refill
I got a new one
I got a new one
save the refill
no you can, you can
push it on there
but it keeps slipping off
my doctor-grip pilot
which these are the best ballpoint pens
other than the ones we stole
from the hotel in Amsterdam
what?
nothing
oh these are great
and though they're there for those hotel pens
and the towels
but I'd rather say steel
no we didn't take it off
stop it
just the pens
yeah
I got a collection going
this is a bizarre story
gay gun advocate start
pink pistols chapter
and Michigan
pink pistols
what was they calling them?
yeah
I got a pink pistol
little one
it shoots straight
Leslie Michigan
not like Peter North but close
gay rights usually are seen as part
of the liberal agenda
with gun rights of interest
to conservatives
so gays with guns
cut across the grain of America's
political landscape it says
that's just fine with Albert Low
who's starting a Michigan chapter
of the pink pistols
a gay gun rights group
with 37 chapters
in the western least
5,000 members
I'm politically incorrect
totally the less the resident
told the Detroit Free Press
from Monday's story
if the group takes hold in
Michigan as it has in places
such as California
in Tennessee
the state could have a new
set of hobby target
tutors and a broader
stronger gun rights lobby
this is the aim of low
who's in the early stages
of building membership
and some traditional gun rights
owners which are eager to
gain support
the more the
merrier in that battle
I wonder if that was a play
on words you think?
the more the merrier in that
battle said Chuck Paracony
executive director
the Michigan coalition
for responsible gun owners
as long as they're supportive
of the underlying issue
which is self defense
we welcome their support
a few years ago
while living in Chicago
low-med dug
quick who started the first
pink pistols group in
Boston and started a
website
how do you like that?
and others pink
pistolas all across America
popping up
sprouting up
you could be the pink
pistol arrow
shooting their things
squirt squirt
all over the place
5,6,7,0,5,60
pound 5,60
how's the pool coming
which of these things bugs you
the most?
a lot of votes on there
I'll tell you that
that's because a lot of people
are back because their kids
are back in school
what do you think?
some people
326 votes
which of these things bugs you
the most is stupidity
the American public
136
George W. Bush being a
moron 62
is the light on this thing
down or what?
no
maybe you just have a
brighter monitor up
calendar
oh this thing is
George W. Bush being a
moron 62 people are most
pink English 61
George fill in for
Neil 31
how do you like that
only 31 George
that's a pretty low
number
Mohawar David only 21
boy he's really
fallen out of grace
absolutely
people with tons of
body jewelry 5
Arnold Runny for
governor 5
assholes covered
with tattoos 3
and sports nerds only
appear
now that's interesting
you're not
grossed out by people
with a lot of tattoos
all over them
or so by the piercings
and people with just
like tons of piercings
ones you can see
and ones that your
positive are there
but you can't see
you don't want to see
the tattoos
like freaking
Carlos at our reception
desk
I've seen some tattoos
schemes that don't
look so bad
and then others that do
ooh
oh
just grosses me out
and the worst part
and usually it's on people
that don't look good
anyway
right
but when you see somebody
that's good looking
and they're covered with
tattoos you think
what a waste
it's just like when I see a
good guy walk
a good looking guy walking
down the street with some
bitch
and that's what I think
what a waste
what are you laughing about
so what she's thinking
I don't care
well he's that's what he's
thinking because maybe
she's got like a 21-inch
waste
that's what us bags think
when we see a really
hot young guy walking
on a street and invariably
there's some damn
bitch
walking arm and arm
she's got her hand on
his ass or a hand around
his waist
and we always think
what a freaking waste
it is a waste
you can have the guy
I'll take the grub
okay it sounds
sounds like a winner to me
because every time I see
that site
what did you do here
to talk about
oh no I'm never going to
find out these are all
the forrel things
I was trying to find
a fucking dead
that's a waste
huh?
that's a waste
holy cow
thanks dude
you're cool
5 6 7 0 5 6
do you know
it just makes it a lot
harder to see
I put F dash
okay I can change it
I hope you have all
this stuff like this
here okay because it's
that much more difficult
operate I'm not going to be
here okay I'll be
in some of these
else WDQ I am
Jesus my
you have cauliflower
air waiting so long
yeah
unbelievable
do you see the story
about the autism kids
about the what?
they came with autism
they thought he was
possessed and they did
actually does not
know no no no no
they're just
they're just a little bit
cows
yeah where what city
I don't know what city
was on the news this
morning I didn't
didn't pay attention
good old time religion
pal thanks a lot
praise the Lord man
do good
praise God
he Lord works in mysterious
ways
like I've always told you
and of course poor
father Gagan there we're
not getting any calls about
that got strangled in prison
yes so sad and tragic
somehow I think it's
said they didn't have to
rot away in there for like
a whole bunch of years
right cost and a smud
because even as old as he was
he'd have spent a lot
more years
rot in the way in there
that would have been
a lot better
he got the easy way up
piece of crap
five six seven
have we had any
women called today?
no
no
welcome back say boy
cheer is great to have you
back in South Florida today
no that's okay
I don't take it personally
and bother me
let's see today is the
twenty-fifth
six and ten-sixteen days
from payday
you know when the time comes
to have your carpets
cleaned and maybe ought to
be thinking about
is dry concepts
over the years they've
done a beautiful job in my
house in fact
this is my first trip
back home since they clean
my carpets again
no one of they look so good
carpets in my house you
can eat off the flow
that's how beautiful they
are
dry concepts is the number
on carpet cleaning company
in the world and the only
ones that dry clean your
carpets it's an
exclusive patent and method
and it works
and they give you a written
guarantee price up front
before they start doing the
work so you don't have to
worry about anything rip
off scams any of that crap
and now dry concepts can
save even more
because they offer you a
chance to say 15% on
next carpet cleaning
just called dry concepts
at 1-800-248-5071
has to be put on their
stand by list
and then dry concepts
will call you next time
they've got an opening
in their schedule it's
just like when you fly
standby if you're available
when they have an opening
they'll knock 15% off the
price during these closing days
of the dog days of summer
so called dry concepts
today and has to be put
on their stand by list they
might even have an
opening for you in the day
you call like today
and they'll give you 15%
off the regular price
of the fantastic cleaning
they do on your carpets
they're drying a couple
of hours they smell
lemony fresh it's like
a miracle right on your
floor call them
till free 1-800-248-5071
1-800-248-5071
or check them on the
wicked web at
dry concepts.com
my
and local
this is 420560
way
new way
yeah
through profile story
was there name a
slang word for the
male sexual organ?
we certainly hope so
otherwise there's
f*** all interesting
about the verb pipe
we were made
fresh
look at all people
before the name
verb pipe doesn't
mean anything we pulled it
out of a hat
don't listen to him
it means penis
tell him it means penis
you moron
verb pipe founder
Brian van der Arck
has been arguing with the
band's manager
slappy gold
since 1996
these artistic types
don't understand
that sex sells
it doesn't mean penis
of course it does
put it together
what does verb mean
it means energy
vigor
and what's a pipe
a cylindrical object
a long shaft
it's a facto
you've got a long shaft
that's full of vigor
a f*** you hapless mother f***er
lay off
well yeah look
you're the one who said
we should release those
other singles to try and
cash in on freshmen
as the argument escalated
van der Arck taunted
slappy with his decision to
release more singles
each representing a different
grade level
we were merely soft
mores
we were merely
juniors
we were under
freshmen
so it didn't work
verb pipe
still means a thunderous
unbridled erection
does not
and what you always bring up
the verb pipe
maybe their name
means penis
maybe it doesn't
it probably doesn't
matter when you're doing
with the f***er
sons of b***es
like these
it's a big juicy
shopping with
liquor show business
tonight
uninside the behind
I bet you're welcome
Brian van der Arck
is a
and more
there was a name of the
song from the movie
Mando Conny
I saw that movie
did you?
did you?
I was like,
weird, interesting
deput
that song you used to do
my theme song
a long time ago
really?
about a hundred years ago
and
and
strange stuff in that movie
was it?
Mando
Conny
and now what Michael said
to his sister?
1216 at 560
WQAM
here's a fact from
Jan Boyton
B2 says
I also saw bowling
for Colin Bina
thought it was done very well
my only complaint
of course I have a complaint
being from South Florida
was that Michael Moore
didn't really pinpoint
his absolute number one
cause for the gun violence
in America
can I interrupt this fact
yes I can
because
Jay I don't think Michael Moore
was putting himself
in a position of having
all the answers
he was just laying out
to you the way it is
and pointing out
that there are a variety
you know it's not like
you know take this pill
and all of these things
will go away
the instant cure
it's a report not a conclusion
it says he's
look at it
you see it was just
fell out of my eye
no
booger
it's alive
it says he spread the
flame around plenty
but it came off too thin
on each reason
because there were so many
factors he cited
I still love the pathod
could have been better
if he would have focused his
top three reasons only
haha just curious
if you would agree
with that no I would not
Jay have you seen the big
labowski Jay wants to know
I have not seen the big
Lewinsky except on TV spots
she's a cow
now were you the one
tell me I should see it or not?
not me I never saw it
oh and of course
what I pay attention to that
thing no
the thing
hey we got a thing
Philist let's hire the thing
and then at the bottom of his
back Jay in small print
but this is the most
important part says please
please stop playing the
hour long bits
maybe you could cut it down
to a half an hour but a whole
hour per day songs sends me
to the dial it says
well let's find out
since there are no
calls on the board right
now anyway there's not a
single call on there
it's Monday
it's still we're like in limbo
the kids are back in school
but a whole lot of people
are still in vacation
and the people who are
back in town after the weekend
they're all
like this is the ultimate
Monday right looking
busy anyway trying to like
pretend that they got
you know their life in order
or they're trying to put
it in order like they're doing
some real work not around
here though
not around here because
nobody cares because
screwing is marching up
and down oh I'm not joking
when I talk about you know me
I would never pick on a way
somebody looks no
especially the way I look
you know although I look
pretty good for me right now
for me not in general
but for me but she's
ooh she like a pinhead
I hadn't noticed
she's like a pencil
like geek
maybe she had to wear
that sweater you were talking
about for that turtle neck sweater
just a gacky good
longer
man she looks nasty
so what do you think about
that one to two hour boys
and girls yay or nay
thumbs up thumbs down
dig it in your
rectum whatever
let's examine this
with the audience what do you say
WDQAM
you aren't talking to me
speaking hey what's up dude
how you doing man
how are you talking to your
respect
WDQAM
oh yes one's talking to you
speaking
Neil yes
have you seen
W's latest polling
from Zogby
yes it's on our website
see we keep on top of these things
52% yeah
yeah follow my carog
how about Al Franken's book
is it just satire
or is there any truth in it
I don't I haven't read it
number one and Amazon
right is it really
yes it's number one on Amazon
fair and balanced
no no Al Franken
oh yeah right
like their fair and balanced
let's have a great day pal
hey Neil did you know
that Abe Lincoln got shot
getting back to that poll
these stupidity of the American
public seems to be leading the way
with 148 votes
it's just
welcome hold
no no it's whether I'm here
or not the calls are going to be
no different
although this does add a little bit
to the ambiance of it being here
do you feel better being closer
to people
no I don't
now lie nine you know who that's going to be
WQA M chronic line
boring
yeah you are
WQA M
QA M
hey Alkalneal
yes sir
hey I got a comment
and it could turn into a poll for you
why are people that drive Mustangs
such a hole
okay WQA M
Neil
yes sir
please don't put it for all things
WQA M
Neil
got speaking
hey I got your stuff from
I ordered on the website
came in the mail on Saturday
all right
people who are scared to order on the website
why I don't understand why they should be afraid to order on the website
what does that mean
struck by lightning and electrocuted
they were scared last time
it took a long time to get
but did they
afraid no not this time
this time we're kicking ass
man we're making damn sure they get it out right away or
I would
professional outfit
right we got some professionals
looking up in the book
doing it
I was smoking a bowl on Saturday
and then not going to door
you'd be the guy
right right
actually
was did he look good
now he just dropped the block and ran
I don't blame him
okay have a great time Pellie
hey you too
smoke one for us
smoke a big fat one for us
five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty on the AT&T
what about that one and two hour
come on let's hear it
we're giving you people
I saw already 21 past noon
I haven't made up my mind
definitely
definitively
positive to Lee
although
now let us see you know
now why does he do that
he does it because he knows
I'll pick it up
yeah
line nine asshole line
asshole line
neo god
this is a real collar
online nine
this is a real collar
like I said we apologize
profusely but I'll hold the
I'll reserve my judgment
you want me to call back
online too
no okay
I love this show
I love the bits
but a full hours killer
yeah I'm popping the CD
it off the other spot
okay
but welcome back to hell
I got you down you're right
I got you good call
excellent call see
and I was you were calling him
an asshole right
well he smelled like one
he did
like scurands
oh
oh
that even grossed me out
I take that back too
can't take it back
it's already out there in the
ear
can smell it right on the internet
five six seven
oh five sixty
pound five sixty
can you imagine those old and
days when Greg was like
oh and you know
inspecting
well
excavating
w-a-m
deal
yes sir
hey what's up buddy
how you doing
listen I don't know if anybody
called I just
know what he called
who's the guy in the afternoon
it does the update
the older guy
Ken Maldon
yeah did you hear what he said
Saturday
no I was not here
I was listening to the big old
and he was given the
store the dolphin game
yeah
and they scored 30
and he said about 30
man
did he really
yeah that's Ken
yeah okay that's all I want to know
by the way George is the
absolute worst
okay thanks
I see it
haha
oh here's the facts
is a pouring off the
machine here's that
story about the autistic
boy dies at healing
service all
you know it's bad enough
when a guy called it in but
to see this in print
from the
associated press Milwaukee
and autistic eight-year-old
boy died while being
restrained during a church
prayer service held an
attempt to cure him
and one man connected
with a small storefront
church was arrested
police and church
officials said yesterday
the boy's mother took him
to the faith temple church
of the apostolic faith
of the healing service
Friday night
you religious people
are the crazy people
I'm telling you right now
that's the only
correct sir
several church members
prayed over him
for more than an hour
until somebody noticed
he wasn't moving and
called 9-1-1 said
Bishop David
a hemp hill senior
hemp hill said the boy
had been going to the
prayer services for the
past three weeks
members of the church
made up of just six
families prayed for God
to release the evil
spirits that caused the
voice illness he said
and where the hell
did they get the where did
they get that from the
exorcist that they're
playing on a feral show
by the way that I heard
this morning coming in
that's a horrible
trace compel's you
where did they get that
who knows huh they have
their own you know
stuff that's their own
stuff possibly
or somebody came in here
and took it and stole it
maybe that's okay if
we're all going to have
it don't do it again
pal the boy just had a
problem in his mind of
what we were doing was
asking God the fix it
hemp hill said he chose to
fix it by taking him back
home to him all there we
go and get a little
crap again he called him
home all I know is we're
not guilty of anything
you said church members
wrapped the boy in sheets
to keep him from
scratching himself
others but the boy was
allowed to sit anyway
that he feels comfortable
hemp hill said police
would not say what the
man could be charged
with only that they were
waiting the results of
an autopsy
if he died which I
hardly doubt of some
natural cause he won't
be charged with anything
to serious and police
captain Linda Haynes
he said she did not
believe the boy had
been structuring the
service police would not
identify the man who was
arrested but hemp hill said
it was his brother
Ray hemp hill another
minister at the church
we believe that according
to the word of God a
person could get evil
spirited the
spiritedness he said either
God's going to have to
deliver or we're going to
have to do whatever we
can until things get
better
the church is not
connected with any
larger denominations has
only six families that
gather twice a week to
pray and discuss scripture
hemp hill said the church
is main window was
boarded up Sunday as
were those of several
businesses that neighbor
it in a rundown strip
ball in the city's northwest
corner this is in Milwaukee
how do you like that
boarded up
high-tailed out of town
the exorcism didn't work
the power of Christ
compels you the power of
Christ compels you the
power of Christ compels you
the power of Christ compels you
here's the power of Christ compels you
the power of Christ compels you
the power of Christ compels you
the right the power of Christ compels you
you're
turned
okay the power of Christ
also counts
haha I got the wrong buttons
here cuz it don't match
see that was another great
thing that our good friend
there was his name did before
we left
Julio
I like fat Julio's good guy
but you know when you're
going to make the board
Why not make matching pots you know what I'm saying whenever I'm good idea sure
Matching pot that makes a little bit too much sense
But anyway, so that was my bad so now we're even one bad for George one bad for Neil
I feel better and several bad for the whole audience now that calls it been a pretty damn week
Look at a poll though man a poll the results on there
Spectacular 374 votes, and it's only about 12 30
Which of these things bugs you the most these stupidity the American public 159
That's the correct answer
People who won't speak English 70. I just put that on there for the anti-speak crowd, you know
George W Bush being a moron 66 George filling in for Neil 37 more Howard David's only got 23
Only 23 say Mo is a bother and then the most that's refreshing absolutely assholes covered with that two seven how about assholes covered with like
cloth
Like sheets
People with tons of body jewelry five
Arnold running for governor five and sports nerds still only two
I'll tell you that's a very low number when you consider that they were talking about the guy named Little League World Series on
Mo and for else show this morning
You idiots out there. Oh, that was really good ball. I'd rather watch that than the major leagueers any oh man talk about stupid
Trit asshole cliches, you know I saw about 20 seconds of it
That was it
Little little tiny kids playing baseball, you know, but one team was from Boyton Beach who gives a crap?
Okay, who the hell cares about freaking Boyton Beach did somebody throw ball and did someone else for you?
Somebody as long as it somebody ran around the body
That's what they were saying to his matter from
Better from Japan
27 past noon at 560 WQ I'm announcing a
2000 I haven't seen my good close friend Bob Eisenberg today. It's enough to make me flip my lid
Announcing a 2003 Neil deal blowout sale going on right now at Hallett Pontiac GMC get the lowest prices in the universe from Tom Laman and Joe
Prieto here is the list Neil deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months on every
2003 Pontiac or GMC in stock
Neil deal number two get up to a four thousand dollar rebate on every
2003 GMC and Pontiac in stock and you current and former military personnel you know the deal if you go to Hallett right now
you can get yourself an additional $750 rebate and you can buy a
2003 Pontiac Sunfire right now from just
11,998 or a full-size Sierra for just 15,998. So hurry and now inventory is be limited and at Hallett
You can still test drive any vehicle on law for 24 hours
You can take it home take it to work take it to Seminole Indians where would have you want and Hallett has always has got a great selection of
Dependable that's the operative word dependable certified pre-owned cars trucks and SUVs
And if your credit isn't the best in the world if it maybe is even on a marginal site
Don't be nervous still head for Hallett because they want to make you a deal and they will
Hallett Pontiac GMC you'll find them at 1.34.01 South Dixie highway
That's on prestigious US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week
If you want complete details on these great Neil deals call the Neil deal hotline tool free at 1.88
534-4211
That's 1.883-44211. Don't forget all Neil deals submitted to credit approval
See our friends in Hallett Forten tales when you do your shopping with me at Hallett Pontiac GMC you'll agree
Then I put those in a wrong order. Well, whatever they are professional grades
Now play from sneeze work film special nostril or tactics
Snog
Snog sorry Michelle Rodriguez for anti-histamine and Samuel smell Jackson has lieutenant pick it
Yeah, I'll pick it. This is lick it. It's wrote it and that's flicking
Snog based on the long-running television show Joel Seagal says this is no tearjerker to leave the airhand be at home
He and she'll it says that snott smells like a winner snog a George and you kiss production coming soon Kobe versus Freddie and bend it like
Okay 1233 at 560 WQM word debate. Oh, you know what that is that must be the a CD deck that bottom CD
Dic is screwed up remember you tell me you were having problems with that's why I missed up like that
Lots of problems technically in a studio
I just want to mention that in passing not that the audience really cares
But just you know just you know we got some assholes working around here as usual
So that was the message about my stuff and it's gonna be fine. Yeah
It's all good
What that was above on the phone he said it's all good now. He's not my type tool
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 we didn't only had one call about the one or two
Comedy bits are and it's already 26 minutes of a lot of a lot of tension a lot of pressure building
WQM
And they got the radio just blasting Q a.m
Hey, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. He's stand up for yourself like a real man
You don't watch inside after studio. Do you know?
They have the Simpson cast on doing all the voices that you can see their faces. Yeah, it was pretty bizarre almost a bizarre
As Woody. I'm sorry. Yeah, I know it was what I know it was him
After about the first four words. Are you just beating me to why we're gonna say this is Woody?
And he's sorry for what for being an asshole. Is that what it is? Oh, no not for calling for being an asshole
We are too, Woody WQ. I am hello
We look which will be a jet just the time to beat the dolphins
I
I'm sorry. I don't know WQ. I am
Yeah, sir. How are you to that great?
Are you there? I'm here. Who's laughing there?
I'm sorry. What is that in the back? What are you listening to you? I even listen to this station
Yeah, I was in your station. I was holding so long that I didn't realize I was on but who was laughing in a back there?
You were oh, I see that's not a little air
Okay, I'm glad to see that you're awake today
Neil can you can you give me a little information on why would none of the large
news agencies
News agencies what does that mean?
TNB. Yeah, it works. Yeah, I mean I never even see I was here
You know one or two of our soldiers have killed every day or every day, right? I never see who it is
Not because that's bad news. They don't want like I'm sorry
They only want to give it that wall of heroes of all the people that are coming back alive
You know if it's unbelievable if these kids are over there and I guarantee you none of the trainees kids are not a bush
Is correct? You know none of their kids are a bush or kids are too busy getting drunk. Oh
We're getting or so in drugs in a rehab. I'm not going to jail for it. Right. Let's see
I think the governor's daughter
You know she has an ounce of rock cocaine right and doesn't go to the governor had an ounce of common sense now now
You notice they're trying to like they want to repeal they want the public to repeal the class size amendment
Oh, yeah, yeah, because I guess his devious plans didn't work out too well and you know
I mean he ran as the education governor. Yeah
No, they're like that would be like his that would be like his retarded brother running as the education president
Right
Deal deal for 47
150 okay, yeah, we sure got Mississippi beat man
Well, if and then can you allow a family? I think we got Bama Mississippi and Louisiana
Hey, listen, you just come back and Toronto. What's happening with a lease anything?
They're gonna suck. All right. They got nobody
They got nobody they signed Brian McCabe and and the panther signed the top gill and X leaf and that's about it
It's gonna be desperate it's gonna be a long season the next year. They're gonna be any season. It's got it
I don't know what to do
You know what's amazing is that the guy's down here. They had it going so good. I don't know whether a scream rate rate needs
The man you know, they really they destroyed the franchise. That's right down here. They destroyed it
You know you never I'd like to I'd like to see them do something. I'd like to see them sign one big
I mean even medium name not Todd Gill is an over-the-hill used to be good defense man. He used to be okay
I'm talking about somebody's gonna make a difference
Well, I think the little buries gonna be like
Piece of crap
In that grade
I'm very impressed with these out of your skate. Valerie Burace sucks. Don't ever forget it man
Yeah a month before and and I mean his brother
I don't forget the 10 million we're saving from his brother. They're gonna spend that money on free agents
Right, but that's gonna be after after we're dead and buried they're gonna spend it
They're investing it with mishurished health make it gross so they can spend a lot more
I mentioned mishurished just now. Oh send a chill up it down my spine
I mean can you imagine what kind of person would have put me in touch with a guy like mishurish
5 6 7 0 5 60 and then not pay me the 14 bucks from that lottery ticket. I mean. Oh you can swing it
I can swing what a golf club at his head. I might just do that right at the doctor
He's gonna be at the doctors anyway, you know
Right you're gonna do physical damage to somebody you might as well do it well the physical health is nearby
We could probably find a way around here golf club. Yeah. How about a baseball bat sounds good to me
I
Got a hockey stick you can borrow
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 we're not getting any calls about that big one or two out of comedy
It's our and I still haven't made up my mind
Because if we keep getting a lot of calls like it is now not that they're so good, but I'll you know I want
Huh, no, it's the first day. I mean the first day back to the full schedule in fact
I hate to you know
I'm gonna be honest like I try to be as much as possible when it's not dangerous, but I mean
The prospect of coming back to this five days a week. I don't I don't I don't remember how it was last year
But I continued this year. It's not a pretty site. You know what I mean? No, what do you mean? I'm a year older?
I guess it's a real easy or something like that. No, I'm not looking forward to it. Are you?
No, no, I'm not
I've been thinking about it and thinking about it. I kept thinking God that Tuesday and Thursday thing was it was just perfect
It's like every week of the four day or it couldn't be any better and then after Thursday
It like two o'clock then you're off the rest of Thursday and you got Friday and Saturday and Sunday and Monday
That's four and a half days. It's like having a beyond vacation every goddamn week
About Tuesday Wednesday Thursday and Friday and Saturday and Sunday
You mean off no one in other words working just Monday
No, take Monday and Friday off so you can have four day weekends
Yeah, three days a week in the middle
Take Monday and Friday off and then of course Wednesday because that's the one to two comedy bits hour normally anyway
We just hope it's like I said you work to them through I do
I don't know it's just a hell of a lot of hours to put in for the kind of putrid pater paying me in this place
I'll tell you that right now and of course clearance and duff. You know, it's so great to see in there sucking my ass
Yeah, I don't want to be here. Okay. I don't mind doing the show
But I just I do not want to be here this every time I come back to this place
I realize and then people that knock me for knocking this town you're full of crap. Okay?
This is the end of the goddamn world. This is Uranus man. It's the build
This is the rectum the universe you can smell it
This is a place that doesn't work I
Just came back from a place that does work Toronto Canada you got Pakistanis and Indians and Shmata heads and Jews and Goi-Amen
Chinese everybody's there in the dark. No problem. No, we don't have too many dark. That's why it works so well
20 till and I'll say it again. I'll take another several days in the dark. No power no fridge no nothing no TV
Although I would get a battery operated radio this time
I'll take it as opposed to being here
My body when my body produces the kind of floating
Missiles that I deposited in that bowl this morning
My body is sending me a message you don't say my body is telling me uh-uh no mo
And if we had that dropping in here I could play no mo no mo. It's not even in here. Where is it you got it?
You oh my god. I got to leave now all the good stuff is up in my studio in Toronto
I don't even know where you got that from from Boca Brian then he sent it to you no mo no mo
No mo it's my favorite and I come down here. We don't even have it
That's beautiful
Oh god get out of here idiot
19 till one at five sixty we're still debating that one and two hour
I think I already got the verdict
Do you have kids going back to college and it stinks in here too man?
For the past ten minutes I've spelled so like there's a dead mouse in the assuming or something
Maybe that's what that would smell like to you. Oh
It's got that dead mousey smell
I really concerned how come every time I come home with animals maybe they're coming to greet me and open my attic
Wake up 6.30 this morning. I hear like the pattern of feet up in the attic. I
Had a feeling like maybe both my dogs came back in the spirit of my dogs came back and they were rushing to try to you know see me
And then I'm in there shaving it's like you know up in the attic right I'm not exaggerating. It was loud
It was loud like a whole family of like coons moving into my attic. Maybe it's squatters
Well, let them go to Amsterdam. Okay, it's legal there
You have kids going back to college the next couple of weeks
Well if you do why not give them one of the comforts of home a great new bed from Dalmatris
So they can get a great night's sleep and just screw their lungs out on it
By calling 1-800-Mattris you can order a new mattress from Dalmatris for your college students
Send them up right in their office campus apartment when you call 1-800-Mattris you can choose from dozens of models from
Seely served a temper pete ximins or king coil at low student prices and it doesn't matter where the college student is headed
If they're staying in South Florida like it you of him got forbidden or headed to Philly
Boston, New York, or Washington or Michigan state or
Michigan or Ohio or Wisconsin or Notre Dame
The vetting experts at Dalmatris will make them feel like they're at home even if they're going to like you shiver
Get the bed now by dialing 1-800-MATTRES you'll get service like you only dream about from the delivery team rank number one
In customer satisfaction they carry only the first quality name brand mattresses have discount prices
No crap. No house brands. No irregular. No seconds only the best and when you call with Dalmatris
1-800-MATTRES you pick the day in time with delivery when it's convenient for you within any two-hour window seven days a week from 8 in
AM till 10 in the PM and your kids will be sleeping while the first night and maybe getting some action too
With low prices same day delivery free set up and removal. It's easy to see
Like Dalmatris is ranked numero uno and customer satisfaction numero uno he said
Everybody
Everybody gets a student discounted Dalmatris to pick up the phone now and call 1-800-MATTRES that's 1-800-MATTR
Or online check them out at mattress.com
I
Tightness
iana
vil
Oh
I beg
I want to give you a kiss.
Okay!
Pro 48 and 560, by the way, be sure to tell Bokobry and don't ask me any questions, okay?
Most seriously, just tell him to stay the hell away from me.
Here's a facts from Wendy.
I just, you know, I just, back in town, I don't want people clawing and grabbing and squeezing and, you know, would you do it?
You know, you already told me what he wants, you know, okay, but leave me alone.
Do you want to stay in?
I mean, I know there's a lot of flesh here, but most of it is just crap.
Oh, a lot of pinch of an inch.
That's all I got.
Wendy says, and absolutely devoted listeners in KAT.
How do you like that?
Oh my God.
Exactly. A few points.
I never, ever turn your show off until the hour of boredom started.
The bits are great accessories to entertaining talk, but in all honesty, in hour of these bits, it shmits.
Says, Wendy, it's the shmit.
Also, we women look at a gay honk and say the same thing. What a waste.
I understand that.
Also, George is pretty good issues, etc. But, he speaks so quickly and with no emotion, he's like a robot.
Absolutely correct.
But there's really no place for local, fair and balanced liberal talk.
In fact, there's no place for what we're thinking people at all.
Yeah, there is a call Canada.
I must say, for the first time in my very opinion in 50 years, I've kind of been keeping quiet.
It's so stupid out there, Wendy.
Says, thank you for all you do.
You're cherished and very appreciated.
Well, thanks, Wendy.
That's sweet.
It is be the...
Oh, now what is that crap you're drinking? Is that red bull?
Dickensider.
You're drinking Dickensider?
Yes, I am.
But it's got sugar in it, right?
Oh, yeah.
Do I still have...
Then you have red bull or something?
No, Dickensider.
Before he brought you this, you didn't have... Am I dreaming this?
You must be.
Okay, I'm dreaming it. Am I dreaming it?
Absolutely.
How's that pull coming? Pretty heavy duty. I'll tell you that.
Which of these things bugs you the most is stupidity the American people 184 out of 421 votes.
George W. Bush being a moron, 75.
Bugs us.
People of votes picking, was 74.
Satenta Quattro.
George filling in for Neil, 41.
Mohawar David had only 25.
They're starting to war up a little bit to Moe.
Absolutely.
Not...
Or he's pushed out of the way. They don't bother him.
Oh, yeah, he's small, but David is not.
He's fading into the night, you know?
Into the night with Benny Mardonis.
Assholes covered with tattoos 8.
What's wrong with covering your asshole with a tattoo or two?
It's a good place for him.
Arnold running for governor 6.
People with tons of body jewelry 5.
And sports nerds only 3.
And what about that little league world series?
If I hear one more call on this radio station from Assholes who want to discuss the freaking little league world series.
And the Boynton Beach little tiny kids and the Japanese there.
Seriously, that was enough to make me just take you if I could physically reach into my dash and take the radio and just like the old fat.
You used to get them installed your own radio, you know?
We used to make one of the high school sports discussions.
Right.
Little league elementary school.
Little kids.
And are discussing this on the highly touted but low rated Mohawar David had showed this morning.
That must have been just after one called in.
WQAM, hello.
God bless you Neil.
I'm sorry that you're back in town.
I think you should go one to two.
Just one to two.
That sounds good.
George can you 10 to one?
I'll do one to two.
How do you like that?
10 to one.
I can slip in.
Done.
What is it?
10 to one.
All bits.
Oh, 10 to one all bits.
Okay, that sounds good.
I like it.
Sounds like a plan to me.
Thank you.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
What do you think?
Okay.
Yeah, sounds like I'm agreeable.
Look at that.
185 people.
43.5% are bugged.
Grossed out by these stupidity-American public.
That's our middle name.
That's our middle name, baby.
Don't forget bowling for Columbine.
I bet you're very few people in this audience
who even watched that damn movie.
That's probably about it.
I bet you've got no eyes in it.
Not yet.
Now, he wouldn't like it.
Makes fun of his hero, Chuck Heston.
Moses.
And we like Moses.
You son of a bitch.
Yeah.
We like Moses a lot.
What are you laughing about?
Oh, nothing.
I like Moses.
We call him Moishi around the office.
WQAM.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
How are you?
I'm doing pretty good.
Next one.
I want to talk about the fifth hour for one to two.
Go ahead.
I think Monday to Thursday, keep with that.
The one to two.
Yeah.
And on Friday, one to two,
George did a great job playing the music that you don't hear all the time.
Oh!
He enjoys that.
Oh!
Oh, I saw that.
I got this sharp pain.
I enjoyed it.
Well, I'm happy for you.
It was fresh.
Something new.
It was fresh and exciting and delicious.
OK, thanks.
No chance.
George's music blew.
Five, six, seven.
A lot of heart attack.
You did what?
Got a lot of compilates.
A lot of voices.
Well, let's play music.
You know, I really should play that longer, like that part just there.
Right.
Because that proves beyond a shadow without the vet bitch couldn't sing a note if we're like dependent on it.
She was obnoxious.
Tell me about it.
Grotesque.
Yeah, I thought you were being just a typical hard ass as you were.
But you're right.
Oh!
Jesus, God was she terrible.
Did your parents not force feed things at you that you resented bitterly that were crap and not let you escape?
Them.
All right.
Just them.
Your mom wasn't into like an artist or something like that.
No.
Just wouldn't leave you alone about.
Yeah, well, that's what I had.
My parents served me to see Judy Garland and senior Wences.
Oh, that's what I was.
What was wrong with that?
Judy Garland?
Oh, that's right.
Maybe that's what I started turning it.
Where'd it go, mom?
I already knew.
You would have had an air bite.
I already knew, sweetheart.
Okay.
At least we didn't go see Liza Manelli or Barbara Thrysan.
I'm not too much into cross-eyed bitches, you know?
Even Christy Kruger.
5, 6, 7, 8.
Now, who's the...
Please don't tell me it was...
Who's the weather brought on Channel 7, the blonde?
Jackie Johnson.
Jackie Johnson.
Now, please, please tell me that that wasn't her that I saw this weekend, all weekend long.
Every time I flipped over to Channel 7, I don't know.
They had some blonde weather bitch on her, and so how...
Because I remember we discussed that last time I was here that I saw her...
I have a bunch of them.
She's really not... her face is pretty weak.
I don't think Jackie works the weekends.
Oh.
This... if you look up the word, grow...
No, I'll be kind.
Ugly.
This weather bitch from Channel 7, she...
I mean, her hair was beautiful.
You know what I'm saying?
Mm-hmm.
But...
You could put beautiful hair on Roseanne Barr, and that would make her attractive, it would make her sexy, it would make her beautiful.
It would be a... she would be a pig with beautiful hair.
Right?
Right.
You could put beautiful hair on Scrooan, and it would be a big improvement.
I still can't get over there.
I've never seen a person de Tiri rate so fast.
As she is.
Oh, and of course all I can think of was...
Oh, right.
Yeah.
What goes around comes around bitch.
Now stop and take a sum of the people that we know that we...
You don't see them for a long time.
Now give me an example.
Here's a clue.
Oh!
Henry Burrow.
Right.
From W.I.O.D.
World News A.Sky, we used to like Henry OK.
He was alright till he just stuck...
Like the mic reader is back.
And he ballooned up.
And he came in here with his lovely daughter.
He's got...
What was he doing?
He's come in some spots or something?
Right.
Some food to deal, scamming...
He's got food to deal.
And obviously he's sampling all of the goodies that he's promoting because he had ballooned up to like...
And he had always been a little...
A little on the heavy sub, but not fat.
You never would have called Henry Fat.
He had a little bit of a punch, middle-aged punch.
But he was fat.
I mean, disgustingly fat to the part where we thought he's gonna die.
Doubled in size.
Could have not killed him.
Just humongous.
He was starting to challenge Fat Boy.
Hmm.
Oh, speaking of Fat by the way, the beast is down to 256.
He started to 284, but you know...
He's still a tumble crack.
I'm not...
I'm just not buying into it.
Until he gets down to like under 226 again, which was his low point.
You realize what that means?
How many pounds he's gained back since he was in his low?
About 30 man.
Exactly.
256 to 226 sounds like...
About 30 man.
Yeah, under five foot body.
On a guy that's like...
Five foot, my ass when he's standing on Joseph Ecky's shoulders, he's five foot tall.
He's about 4-8.
4-8 with platform shoes.
And here we are working frantically to try to save his life.
And his parents say a spoiled rich kid keep force feeding, taking him on cruises.
I think those people should be charged with parental malpractice myself.
5-8 in the low.
We're sports radio 5-16.
You a-a-a.
Da-van to Tu-a-wa!
Hi, V.
No-lo.
No-lo.
No-lo.
New this ball on NBC.
From the makers of the summers, runaway hid.
Queer eye for the straight guy.
Comes a brand new program.
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
Hi guys, I'm Trevor.
Oh, what is that stink up in here?
What is that?
Smells like flowers or something.
It's my Popeurite.
Popeurite!
Let me help that smell out.
I am going.
That's disgusting.
Yeah, that's merited, Charlie.
Yeah, thank you very much, Freddie.
Look at the closies got over here.
What kind of underwear is this?
They mean they're cow and cline.
Ah, where's the bacon strip?
Bacon strip.
You know, the skin mark.
These are too clean.
You can't have this kind of underwear.
What kind of pants are you wearing anyway?
They're virtual pants.
Routure pants.
It gets magic weight with $100.
Yeah, you look like a Froodmobile plurry.
No offense there.
I know you all, one.
Charlie, look at these CDs.
Look at this.
West Side Story Sound The Music.
Oak La Home.
Judy, Galen, Barry Manelow.
Bobbys, Trice and Liza Manelli.
Where is your rush?
Where is your Zepfway?
Where is your Metallica?
Where is your AC DC?
I don't know what you're talking about.
Man, you got to get some real pooms up in here.
Let's check out the refrigerator.
See what kind of food you are.
Whoa!
What is this periode?
That's periode.
Periode, what?
What the hell is that?
It's spockly water.
It's sticky water.
Where is your Budweiser and your one onion?
Look under the sofa cushions.
What is that?
There's nothing there.
Exactly!
Where is your cheese noodle?
Where is your Fritos?
Where is your various chains?
I told you I don't eat that kind of stuff.
I try to keep very healthy.
And you don't want it?
Where is your Bourne?
Where do you keep it?
My what?
Your Bourne for your weed.
No, I don't have that.
But I have one of these.
Oh!
Cheese!
All right, that's what I do at a lightest.
Oh!
Don't bring that thing near me.
Let's check out the bathroom here real quick.
Holy moly!
What is all this shampoo condition?
Creamer and sweaters.
What is this?
You see my hair at me?
I'm sorry, Bill.
Look, all you need is a barrow lava.
That's right.
Get it in your hands.
Working tree.
Hey, you're all done.
It washes everything.
It gets your piss.
You get your undercarriage.
You get your hair.
Everything.
All right.
So I should just start.
Where's your face?
How is so smooth?
Very soft, isn't it?
How many times a day do you shave?
Three.
Oh!
What's a week?
Ha!
Unless you got a funeral or something.
What's a week?
That's it!
You're going to ruin your skin.
Okay.
It's straight eye for the queer guy.
This fall on NBC.
Let me show you guys the bedroom.
Oh, geez, I'm a little nervous going in here.
Oh, here we go.
Charlie, look at his bed.
It's made!
No!
103 at 560.
Nobody's here.
We're not doing the comedy bits today.
Okay.
No, that's a cop-up.
That's like, we already admitted that.
I was doing that mainly to help you out,
because I felt sorry for you that one day.
And then I thought, well, I can take advantage of it too.
Do you can play this game?
And it worked out great.
Sure.
But now is the time, even though we don't want to face the music,
now is the time.
And what was that about you playing music for an hour?
I played music for an hour.
I did it twice as a matter of fact.
Oh, my God, you did it twice!
I did it the second time because we had such a rave response
to the first time.
Old, outdated stuff that you haven't heard in 20 years.
It was still good, but they don't play it any more.
Like what?
Like old 80s music and 70s things, strange things.
Like what?
Give me an example.
Give me a person's and O&D and stuff like that.
Hazy fan's hazy, which I haven't played yet,
but I will on Labor Day.
Things you never knew existed.
George is working on Labor Day, by the way,
because we don't want to play the best of tapes.
I don't.
I was going to give you an alternative,
and I went into clearance,
and I said, what are their choices?
I said, because I'm not working Labor Day.
It's a week from now today.
He said, well, we could play the tapes.
So George can work.
I said, okay, George is working.
We're not playing those tapes ever again.
Right.
Even the Ferral tapes.
Although we could have George talking about sports.
That's an idea.
Sure.
Let me get a close.
Let me get a close.
Now, clearance and the beast.
We can talk about high school sports.
No, not talking about sports.
Clarence and the beast engaging in their favorite sport.
Able penetration.
Don't you think that would be great?
Huh?
I hear it get about a 90s share right here.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Clarence and the beast recorded in his orifice a couple days ago.
You see that long look?
I just pushed this more.
You know what the beast told him?
No, no, no, no.
That's what he told him.
So let's see now that we're diving into this one or two.
Let's see the tremendous response.
Because that's what this audience is famous for doing.
He's saying, oh, that's the word.
Okay, well, what do you want?
You don't even leave any hanging.
You don't even say, leaving any hanging.
Because it can change in an instant and a heartbeat.
You won't believe how fast those bits can start.
Yeah.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
I don't see much action on this phone, WQAM.
Yeah, could George be sick Friday off?
There you go.
Suggestions for our schedule.
That's good.
How's the pool coming?
Look at that.
Which of these things bugs you the most?
A tremendous spectacular response on here.
455 votes.
It's okay.
The stupidity of the American public, 198.
People who won't speak English 82.
George W. Bush being a moron is tied 82.
George filling in for Neil only 45.
And I say only because ordinarily it's much worse than that.
Moe Howard, David, in 25.
Aswell is covered with tattoos 8.
Arnold running for Governor 7.
People with tons of body jewelry 6 like freaking Carlos upfront.
And sports nerds only 3.
That's amazing to me.
Even on the stations.
Only 3 people are bothered or bugged by sports nerds.
Aswells that talk about the Little League World Series.
You know, if I was Moe which thank God I'm not.
But I'm sitting on their talking to Juan.
And then I'm talking about the Little League World Series.
And about this 10-year-old kid with a great,
the left-handed with a great arm.
And then I would wonder how come nobody is listening
and everybody hates me like poison?
He looked for Lauren.
I think it would be the word I would use.
Out there in a parking lot this morning when I pulled in.
He looked for Lauren.
And it was guilty, you know, sucking, sucking, sucking.
Saving some dingal burish for tomorrow morning.
Did you know that he does?
He actually puts them back in when the show starts in the morning.
So yeah, he does.
He stuffs them back in or so.
Moe can walk around and pick them back out again.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 0, 5, 6, 10.
W-D-Q-A-M.
Hey, Neil, how you doing?
Okay.
Welcome back.
Oh, yeah, sure.
Listen, easy for you to say.
I'm wondering why.
Why?
I don't know.
Maybe you have, you have played it or not.
More Howard's announcement on the game this weekend
when he mentioned about the hardest 12 inches in the NFL.
How come they haven't played you that yet?
I'm pretty sure you can have a lot of fun with that.
So they haven't given it to me yet?
They're crazy.
That's because it's one of the first things waiting for you
when you get in this morning.
I'll be damned.
All right.
Glad to hear you back.
Thanks for the good news.
Thank you.
Look at this.
Here is somebody's resume.
On somebody must have got this off the internet, I guess.
How would you get somebody's resume off the internet?
They have these job finder sites.
Well, I guess what is.
If somebody we used to work with, I'll give you one clue.
Greg Budell.
Now, did we ever work with Greg Budell?
Somebody we used to work with.
Budell.
Steve Nichol.
Right.
Am I good or what?
Versatile media slash marketing manager.
Target job, title marketing director.
And here's his resume.
Now, maybe it's not the same guy.
Let's see.
Relocate.
Here's his target locations.
Phoenix, Florida, anywhere, Florida.
And the whole list of stuff.
Here's his phone number.
And I wouldn't do that to Steve.
But where's his resume?
Where's his, oh, here you go.
Program director, Cox Broadcasting.
Managed the highly creative and energetic staff of Miami
Fort Lauderdale's legendary station, WIOD.
Direct responsibility for managing and motivating talent show
producers in a highly energized creative news staff.
Managed the staff of 45 highly skilled professionals.
Re-imaged.
Moser.
That's us he's talking about.
I know that.
Re-imaged the station, reformatted sweepers.
Yeah, invented the new service job.
I'm going to be vacuum cleaner.
We had you know what?
Re-formatted sweepers,
intros and station promos adding attitude and topical references.
Many updated daily.
Re-formatted dolphins play by play and other network related programs
to make them revenue friendly.
Responsible for, oh, oh, oh, oh.
Bite your tongue.
Responsible for programming and marketing department budgeting.
Stand up.
Up, up, up.
During my tenure, WIOD's succent achieved the coveted number one rank in the 25-54 mail audience.
Couldn't have done it without him.
Could we?
Sure.
We were number one before he got there.
And after he left.
After he left.
After that wonderful dinner that night with the Rhona Fink Wolf and Pete Boulder
who told us that they paid Steve Nichol to go away.
Remember that?
How could I ever forget?
It was at Burton Jacksonville.
And that.
Why are you bringing the IP room?
So you're in a stressful reason why you were bringing me this crap about these little kids playing a baseball?
And we can analize it at length.
Get out of the way!
Ten minutes after one at five sixty W. Cromon.
That's right.
We're only doing three breaks this time.
This is good.
You want to try to save this?
Steve Nichol is not going to do that.
No, no, no.
Because your read is number.
You'll put it on the website.
You'll get us in all kinds of trouble.
Just like that stuff with us.
The emails that almost got you fired.
I won't put it on our website.
All those emails from poor mode and nearly cost you your job.
Absolutely.
You'll be out there washing dishes that got them a burger king right now.
And they don't even have any dishes.
Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty pound five.
And see this is what they wanted.
They wanted to.
They wanted to come.
But I don't really have a gun in calls.
I've got a call on one line screenless.
I thought it was a fine idea because we still are.
We still are way short of a full load in this town.
And more and more ways than one.
We got a load all right.
But not the kind we're looking for.
There's a lot of people out there if they don't have to come rushing back in
to send their kids back to school.
There are a lot of people like all over the goddamn world.
And by the way, speaking of all over the world,
how about those ten thousand French who died?
While Jorak was vacationing in Quebec, eh?
They had it coming.
How do you like that?
They should have gone swimming.
Ten thousand people.
I went to high school in Canondague,
when New York, guess what the population was?
Ten thousand.
Right.
That's like, it's like you wake up one morning.
Everybody's dead. They're all gone.
So make it day.
Bye bye.
Amazing.
Ten thousand Frenchmen died.
Of course I'm thinking of myself.
Oh right.
It can't be all bad.
Oh wow, I shouldn't probably admit that.
I don't really understand the old people dying of heatstroke and they can't get out.
Yeah.
What's everybody else's excuse?
It's hot.
Get a drink. Go swimming.
How do you know any young people died?
It had to have been.
Maybe one or two.
They said it was all old people who died except maybe...
About third man.
Maybe that.
Still people died.
Now maybe it's something we can think about for like sunrise.
That's a good point.
Here's what.
A sweltering heat.
Our old people don't die.
They just keep multiplying.
Oh.
But they do get a good big melanoma out there.
Sure it's good.
Go out there and walk around.
And they have those the rain catcher hats.
It's terrific.
And the duck bill glass attachment.
And the checkered pants.
Or the lime green or lemon.
Lemon yellow.
Those are my favorite.
From it it's after one at five sixty.
It's our one to two hour UFO.
Well, there's a lot of calls on here.
But like I told you before I'll get around to it or maybe not.
I don't know. I'm just rambling here.
I'm just rambling.
But they'd rather hear me rambling all of a stupid ass comedy.
But it's okay.
That's fine for Wednesdays.
Now we restricted to Wednesday one and two.
And that's not going away.
Okay.
That's for Humpty.
We need that.
We need that badly.
If any of these assholes out there had any idea what this is like.
Five goddamn days a week, four hours a day.
Seriously, I thought of the prospect of that and I thought to myself.
I'd rather like...
I'd rather go back to Seminole Indian bingo.
And let the old people spin the wheel.
Let the old people spin the wheel.
I mean anything.
Then think about five days a week, four hours a day.
Everyday coming up with something new.
Everyday is the first day.
Yeah.
What's everybody going to do first today?
Oh, you may.
Same.
Almost 30 freaking years.
About 30, man.
But that's okay.
Because like I said, 16 days from now will be September the 10th.
And that's a good day.
And then 15 days after that will be September the 25th.
And that's an even better day.
Because that's paycheck plus talent day.
You know that those ratings bonuses, if you've got yours yet?
No.
From the spring book?
60 days for me.
Oh my god.
Mine's already in the bank.
And not only is it in the bank, but it actually they got the deposit right I believe.
Because my good friend over there would watch over your money bank who I, you know,
raised the big stink about with.
What do you give me a look?
I'll tell you right now, man.
They better not be doing that anymore.
Oh, but you're, you got 75 digits now on your account number.
Yeah.
In other words, you're like a, you don't mean crap.
You're like a little tiny, like a molecule in our financial universe.
I used to be more like a few atoms in a financial universe until I met Michersh.
Speaking of that, if you're underpaid, if you're overworked, if you're underappreciated,
how would you like to leave that crappy job and have a new high-paying career before years end?
Call our good friends at Fast Train today and tell them that Todd Dreck,
whom I saw personally this morning, it was not a pretty sight.
I told you to call 1-866 Fast Train.
Fast Train can have your train in certified before years end.
The demand for computer professionals continues to grow.
There's no better time than right now to obtain a new high-paying career.
Fast Train offers job placement assistance, convenient evening weekend schedules,
and with six locations all over town, there's bound to be one nearby you.
And maybe Todd will tell us where they are pretty soon,
one of these days if he feels like doing just a little bit of work.
Pick up the phone and call Fast Train today.
At 1-866 Fast Train, that's 1-866 Fast Train.
There's no excuse to stay one more day at a crappy, dead end job that pays you squat.
Check them out on the web if you like it.
Fast Train.com and then call 1-866 Fast Train.
Call 1-866 Fast Train.
This is 420-560-2AM.
Those are just all over the place here. This blows.
And now, what is that?
Do you hear how tinny that is again?
No, I didn't touch anything.
I didn't touch it either. I'm thinking about touching it.
Need to set your home fast, fast cash home buyers,
buyers houses, fast hassle free, fast cash home buyers,
buyers houses in any condition location and for any reason.
You need to set your house fast because your house needs a new roof floor
and any other repairs.
Don't throw a dime away on cost of the repair,
stop and call Rod 2-day and 1-866-785-FAS for a no obligation to hassle for your offer.
At fast cash home buyers, they help you solve your house problems.
Do you have a vacant house?
Maybe you're tented dealing with a problem tenant or you're going through a nasty divorce.
Call fast cash home buyers.
Maybe you're one, two or three payments behind or inherited a property you want to get rid of.
Fast cash home buyers can help you out.
Call Rod 2-day and 1-866-785-FAS in that fast cash home buyers give you peace of mind.
Fast cash home buyers will buy your house today and you won't have to pay any real estate commissions.
Call Rod at 1-866-785-FAS for a hassle free offer.
And let fast cash home buyers solve those house problems.
That's 1-866-785-FAS.
Howard David's a bitch.
There's a spread my thighs.
And through my silk from this toilet bowl I've been in my boughs lose control of the toilet.
And there's a smell that makes you cry.
So bad I can barely see my knees as I make my straightened fingers squeezed on the toilet.
It's not hard to find the strength in a diabetic big fat man.
If you're truly a whine's a flipping of the sea.
It's a goddamn embarrassing.
Every butter's making fun of me.
A pension with a fancy gate.
Ever thought to restore the day.
Ain't too bizarre that night.
When you do change inside my holy pound of skin.
A broken road on the toilet.
122 at 560 WQAM.
So somebody faxes me this article says,
Keller makes noise by grabbing the pool and they write,
Neil, don't we all?
But underneath that's kind of cute, marginal.
Underneath it says,
Have you mentioned the murderer of the fine father, Gagin?
Anyway, what's there to say?
What is there possibly to say?
This is so bad.
And then this came back again like this.
I don't know where.
After last break.
I didn't do nothing.
The speakers in here are so screwed up in the engineering department.
This goddamn radio station are so incompetent.
It's not unbelievable.
It sounds like I'm in a goddamn echo chamber the whole time here today.
Only in it comes and it goes and it comes.
Squirt, squirt and it goes.
You know what I'm saying?
No, what?
Spastic.
That's the word for the studio.
It's a spastic studio.
Can't you tell? Can't you hear it?
Yeah.
Sounds like I'm in a goddamn barrel.
Like I'm going to ready to go over an agro falls or something.
And quite frankly, not a bad idea.
Wait a minute, this fact from Nadine.
She says it's been a soggy summer in New Jersey,
but you've always brightened my day.
Welcome back is not an order because I feel you're really never left.
You have your finger on the button wherever you are.
Cool.
Also, George's a defined job.
You just need to get used to them.
I like your...
What?
I'll take it.
I like your bedtime stories and cut up on several movies from your movie list.
Sarah Gullfarb, AirAQ, Requiem, Haunted Me for Days.
But bowling for Columbine will stay with me forever.
I watched it three times.
It should be required viewing for all schools and everybody.
What surprised me was the Dick Clark refused to talk to Michael.
I grew up watching Dick on TV now field these seed and disappointed he's done.
The interview with Heston didn't surprise, but angered me even more.
Don't these guys know or care what the public will think?
No.
Then Nadine goes on, who evidently is taking some heavy hallucinogens,
and she says,
I'm a bit surprised that you didn't love Pirates of the Caribbean.
Your comment was that John did a little Richard thing.
Well, maybe a little.
I thought he was outstanding and gorgeous.
I'm a big fan of his, and especially one of your biggest fans,
talked to you when the phones were not so busy.
And as I read that the first time, I had no calls on there.
But I didn't see Pirates of the Caribbean.
You said that.
I didn't say he did a little Richard thing.
Well, somebody must have said that because I never saw it.
I said he wasn't swishy at all.
He was acting drunk.
I think I swishy at all.
All the reviews I read said the movie was marginal, but then he was great.
Right.
Exactly. That's right.
I said that he carried the whole thing in a movie that was weak,
but then he was spectacular.
I like Johnny Depp.
You're ringing.
When you talk, I hear a ringing.
Exactly.
It's like I'm in a barrel.
This is a disaster.
This is a technical freaking disaster.
It's like the mic is made of aluminum.
Do you know what I'm talking about?
Like it's lined with aluminum.
Foil.
How's it now?
A little bit better?
Oh, it actually is better.
There you go.
Wow.
There you go.
And he'll fix it.
Good.
Nice work.
What a bunch of crappy.
I heard for all this more ambition about the crappy mic in there.
It said all he's got to do is touch it and it falls apart.
And the mic too.
The home of technical incompetence.
This right on the heels of that big trend Thursday.
Everybody's euphoric.
We're all running around.
We're number one.
We're kicking ass.
And what do they reward us with?
The cheapest, the crappiest and nastiest swill
as an excuse for radio stage never seen in my life.
This place is a freaking joke.
Now what are the goddamn beesle?
You know who that probably isn't my attic?
It's not wild animals.
It's probably the beeslees.
Which one?
They probably hopped out of the tree and moved into my attic.
The freaking beeslees.
All of them from over there in Naplesway.
Maybe they came to visit to welcome me back.
All those retards up there with their little banjos
with their ukulelees, whatever the hell they're strumming.
The freaking beeslees.
And then of course we got Greg Reed.
I ain't seen him yet today.
Where in hell's he?
What is welcome in committee?
Where in hell's he?
Comes Waltz and in here on Thursday.
Good job, Neil.
Good job.
And then probably ran out of here like lightning struck his ass, huh?
Probably flew out of here.
Yeah, like that.
Schmuck.
Anyway, to pull this spectator today
we're getting a big response.
Which means that there are people back
because their pain in the ass kids went back to school.
That's good.
They don't want to be here.
Do they?
No, they don't.
501 votes.
See if I'd moved my glass.
I might hit the right.
No.
See, that's what I want to hit.
501.
Which of these things bugs you the most?
We should have put on here to QM Engineering Department.
That would have been my vote.
I would have changed my vote.
But I did vote for the stupidity of the American public
and so did most of everybody else.
So did 18 votes out of 504.
People who won't speak English 92.
Don't cry, Blut.
George W. Bush being a moron 91.
George filling in for Neil 49.
Not bad, it's 110%.
It's usually 20.
Moe Howard David had 29.
Look at that.
Well, look at that.
George filling in for Neil 49.
And Moe only 29.
Absolutely.
How do you like that?
Does that vote fill in for Neil?
Not.
No, you were right, though.
The most factor is fading
because as he disappears deeper into the night,
when he winds up being on from like 230 to 330.
Yeah.
Then there won't be any vote.
Because they'll all be for like,
who's Moe Howard David again?
As well as covered with tattoos 8,
aren't running for Governor 7.
People with tons of body jewelry 6.
And sports, there's only 4 out of 504.
Pretty weak.
Only on this station where we get only 4 for that.
Tommy's not too happy about the fact that the engineering department sucks either
because they screwed up all of his expensive equipment in there this weekend also.
All of the, uh,
from Nisers and five in the jungle.
Crazy.
All of that crap.
Well, at least if we still have it, you know,
taped together, glued together with Elmer's glue.
But they even pissed on at this weekend and screwed it all up.
Poor little Tommy.
You thought his voice was squeaky before.
Wait till you hear it now.
What?
Oh, it's going to sound like crap.
You're going to have a tinny mic like that.
They probably did this on purpose.
You know, it's the Fag Mike now.
They did it.
That's probably, uh, what's his name?
Promover in the Naples.
Bob Vermuth.
He probably came over here and did over with this over the weekend.
Maybe he sounded even of a,
although he couldn't know when you were here.
But he figured you couldn't sound more queenly than you do already.
George.
Yeah.
See how everybody's looking at each other?
Not you, Tommy.
That this time.
Well, Tommy always sounds queenly.
He sounds like a fruitcake.
But he's not.
He's a good guy.
And he looks a lot better with that crap off, Jesus.
Thank God he didn't go back to the, what?
What do you laugh about it?
It's true.
He looks to me back.
It's coming back?
No, he'll do something.
He said you're full of crap.
He just gave you like four fingers.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 in a glass no less.
That was very generous.
I'm, I'm in coherent because I'm not programmed for this.
I was programmed for like 10 to 1 today and the big one.
But the audience said, oh no, don't do that.
Don't go cop it out now.
Don't go squeezing that out.
This is back to business now.
Okay.
I still can't believe this speaker up here on my left,
on your right.
I'm going to take, I'm going to take a guy named baseball bat
and just smash it to smithereens.
That's how bad it sounds.
It's annoying.
Wait, huh?
Smash it.
VIP sportsbook.com is outflowed his favorite sportsbook they've been here for years.
You know, this is the time they went on to sportsbooks
that are claiming that they're the biggest of the best.
They make all kinds of bogus offers.
And of course you probably didn't know that 99% of these bookies are located
in the jungles of Costa Rica.
They're deep in a jungle.
This year, move up and class to VIPsportsbook.com.
VIPsportsbook.com is the oldest, the largest sportsbook in the Netherlands.
First world integrity, English speaking, some of the time.
100% legal and licensed all of the time.
VIPsportsbook.com is south Florida's Numerou Uno Sportsbook.
Sign up before the NFL regular season and you can bet all the south Florida teams
juice free all year long.
You want a bet on the dolphins?
It's 100 to 100.
You want a bet to heracune.
It's 100 to 100.
So forget about ever having to lay 110 to 100 on your home teams.
All preseason signups get a 20% cash bonus too.
Not some funny money match play bonus.
VIPsportsbook.com, that's where you'll find them online.
Or call them toll free at 1-866 VIP bets.
That's 1-866 VIP bets for VIPsportsbook.com, where you are the VIP.
Live and local.
We're sports radio 560s.
You and you and you and you.
Faro.
By the way, sir.
I've been giving it some food.
See you there.
How many tickets?
I know's that me and you can do much better.
Go and six to ten.
And on at five, a gentile and a cranky Jew.
I think we might be happy to get there.
I think you really got out of your mind.
You got to have your wee wee bed.
You're not going to get stuck on to time.
No chance I'll do a show with you.
I'd rather die.
We'd be crappy to get there.
Why I'll help you know that I'm a big monkey Jew.
Her Brooklyn height.
I've been raised by everybody but you.
You're not high-tied.
Me and Mal, this is that with blow.
No way that if we had a fight that you'd survive.
You'd want to hear a gentile and push it down.
That's crappy to get there.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
And show what you and me for me is much better
6 to 10 than I'd buy.
It's only right that I should get for sleep at night.
I think we might be happy to get there.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
Faro.
135 is 560 WNQ and we got the Mad Dog coming up at 2 o'clock.
We got Kimba Bo camper for the Humber at 4 and then we got all that hurricane stuff.
No Marlins game today.
Marlins 1 yesterday broke the 5 game losing streak.
Any interest?
No.
See I'm afraid to turn the overhead up because it's so goddamn tinny now.
Don't forget to best the needle on our website, neorodgers.com.
Best in the LCD, 2002, 2003 and the Mohawar David of Keychain.
There you go.
What's not to like?
All the proceeds go.
The profits go to a band and pay rescue.
14,770 and 15 cent.
How do we get 15 cent?
Posted channeling cozies.
Yeah.
I don't know.
They subtract whatever the cost of their manufacturing from the cozies and the mugs and whatnot.
Well wait a minute.
It says net.
What does that mean?
This is after the expanse of the cost of them.
You know the CDs we pay for that up front.
No.
So that's all pure profit but they produced some of those other things.
Yeah.
So they take their cost out of it.
So that's net.
Yeah.
So that's not such a bad start.
What are you belly-icking about?
Oh.
By belly.
14,770 and 15 cent.
But get on there right away and then of course Wednesday Miguel is going to be a brand-ease at a time to be determined.
What did I just get through saying like only 7 seconds ago?
I said isn't Volker Brandt going to be coming here right now?
The door opens up and there's his ball shiny head.
I'll be god damn it.
And no don't ask me because I got to go to my doctor's appointment.
I got to go to get pills.
That's the only reason I'll go to a doctor in South Florida so I can get prescriptions written.
Because that wouldn't even let them touch me down here.
Butchers.
Other than Dr. Hampt which he's the best.
Other than that nothing but a bunch of butchers and fakers down here.
Most of whom just probably rolled it off the banana boat.
Speaking of that.
5,670,560, pound 560 on the AT&T line.
WQAM.
Hey, Fort.
I'm a good partner.
This is George.
This is George.
Where are you calling from?
Let's go to Fort Lauderdale.
Hey Neil how are you doing?
Pretty good.
Hey listen how you going about getting in Mods?
That's your CD's.
If you don't have a website or computer like a poor slept or like a home.
Well I guess the only thing you can do is come to one of our drive-by shooting.
I mean one of our things.
Okay.
Where are you located in Fort Lauderdale?
Yeah, like Wolhmann or that.
Well, Poppano isn't that far away from you?
What is that about the bookstore?
No, not the adult bookstore.
The Brandy Shoes.
The Brandy Shoes.
Yeah, but Gels is going to be there.
We'll be all over town.
So you'll find a location that's near you and when the van is close by you are going to pick one up.
Okay, thanks a lot Pellie.
Okay, look at that phone man.
These are the people that wanted no comedy bits or wanted to.
There's one line we're doing screamers even.
I know it.
That's Monday.
It's Monday. It's all excuses.
I saw for Rell's phone this morning.
He might as well take the instrument and shorten the guy name Bay.
So he stopped talking about that little league baseball world series.
Oh, that's right. If he would have talked more about the little league world serious than we'd have had a lot of call.
All these sports assholes out.
Oh, you're wrong. The U.S. better than the big time.
These kids really are put out.
Yeah, that's probably what they're hoping is that those kids put out.
Because I can't imagine anybody else with a brain watching a bunch of 9 and 10 year old kids playing baseball on television unless they're a bunch of pedophiles or something.
Seriously, can you even begin to imagine it?
No.
56670560. What was that?
Well, you give me an expression for it.
Oh, it was not for you.
What does that mean?
If they want to place a photo or they can call Miguel.
I thought he didn't want to be involved with that.
Because then they'll be calling him and saying where the hell is it?
You straighten that out of that.
I don't want to do that in midstream.
That's what I said.
Let's just calm down. WQIM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
I tried to call earlier today. Am I on a hit here? Something like that?
Are you right?
Am I on a hit here? Am I on a hit here?
I've got to call a million times today. I couldn't get an answer.
It's what it taught to Neil.
Okay, you're speaking to him.
Neil? Yes, I'm not ignoring you. You're right there.
I'm on the air now.
Sounds just like you.
Well, I just wanted to say, Neil, welcome back.
What are we going to do about smirking the champ and the criminal hunter?
He's got to go.
Yeah.
He's got to go. I'm really concerned. I just cannot believe it.
I mean, what are these people think they're listening to?
Flush Limbaugh.
WQIM. Hello.
Hi, one of the folks in here please.
Speaking.
Hey, Neil. Well, you're away to pick it up.
Chronic. Chronic, man.
Now, see, I'm not looking for chronic.
We're not going to do the one routine like on Moe Show this morning.
I mean, if that's all we're going to get,
we will go back to one to two the rest of the week.
I thought it was a good idea.
By the way, Bokobrion, come in here.
Get your stuff and let's get going because I'm going to fly out of here in a few minutes.
Don't be getting too goddamn comfortable in that chair down there.
Like you live here or something.
All the way I'm here in it.
That could be in the future.
Maybe it was Bokobrion wrestling around in my attic this morning.
Could have been it.
What is all of this?
What is that?
What do you give me this for?
The papers.
No, I don't mean what is this?
This isn't for me.
This is for clearance.
Jesus Christ and Joseph and Mary, man.
Give me invoices all kinds of crap.
Antahedic.
WQIM.
Jesus Christ and Joseph and Mary, man.
Give me invoices all kinds of crap.
Antahedic.
I looked at it better the first time.
WQIM.
No, what's happening?
How you doing, sir?
All right, I'll buy you.
Okay.
And?
That's it.
Oh, that was it?
Okay, that was his material.
WQIM.
WQIM.
Hello.
Nail.
Yes.
Hey, how you doing?
Pretty good.
This is the highly-towarded one and two lots of calls, hour.
Wonderful.
Let me ask you a question.
I saw it.
I saw you about a week ago.
And I'm just trying.
You try to mean it's over these days.
No.
What color is it?
What difference does it make?
I wasn't here a week ago.
Oh, okay, I know what it is.
If I'm more on company, you're off.
And you start to wave it in American flag.
And the guy looked like you and I said, could it be you?
No.
And let me ask you this.
Would I have been waving on American flag?
You're an honorable citizen.
I would think you would be probably.
No, I would not.
Maybe I'd wave it in a Canadian flag, but not an American flag.
Wouldn't it be it?
Let me just sign these papers here for a Bokobrine.
I can't even spell my name right.
Wouldn't it be it?
You're a moron.
I'm signing this that I don't know what the hell it says.
Well, it's not going to look too good when the signifier
is you don't even, I don't care.
Just wipe your ass with it, okay?
Stop bugging me.
One thing about me, man, I got to take care of the whole universe.
I'm paying this one's car payment.
I'm signing this one for his house.
I'm, everybody in the world, man.
Just, just sucks the blood out of my poor little
pathetic old body.
That's me.
That's my rule in life.
See, if it was up to me, I mean, I never say this,
but I'm going to say it right now very frankly.
If it was up to me, I could just leave right now, walk out the door,
go home and pack a little bag.
And that would be it.
You'd never see me again.
Never see me again.
But I have to look forward to three years and plus what is in
our September October and three in the 30 years more of this
so I can continue sustaining the half of the goddamn
universe.
That's it.
That's me.
I said that just for his benefit because I know what a pussy he is.
56670560, pound 560 on a AT&T in Verizon Wireless Live.
Can you do this for me?
Can you do that?
No.
Can't do it.
Don't ever ask me anything again.
Don't even dream of it.
Don't ask me no favors, okay?
No more favors.
No more.
Oh crap, I took it out of there.
Plus now he brings this stuff.
And what the hell am I going to do with this now?
At this point.
Oh my god.
Huh?
Play what?
I don't know what to do.
I'm getting out of here.
You're going to have to do a few full few minutes.
That was wrong with you, man.
I'm not only doing a 1 to 2L, but I got to go to the doctor.
I got to go pay for Rimmer's doctor bill probably.
There's got to be some method to his madness.
Do you think I'm going to get my 14 bucks from that lottery ticket from last year?
No.
No.
I mean, I'm going to tell you something seriously.
I'm not exaggerating what I tell you this.
I know the Dutch are cheap.
Remember my Dutch landlord I was used to belly about how cheap he was?
If I put 100 watt light bulb in there, he was bellyic.
And he was serious.
That's the best part.
100 watts.
Oh my god.
You know.
He was like Santa Claus compared to Rimmer.
Santa Claus.
Now, wouldn't you feel since I'm letting Vettigall of this up,
wouldn't you feel if you helped somebody lose nearly a goddamn million dollars in the stock market?
Hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars, wouldn't you feel guilty about it?
Wouldn't you feel guilty to the extent that you wouldn't dare expect that person to ever pick up a check at a meal for the rest of your life?
If you had any shame.
You would grab that check so fast you'd practically rip everybody's hand off.
What's the word?
Just from the guilt.
From the pains of guilt you'd have.
From the daring pangs of guilt.
Over the fact that you helped this man in another three and a half years I got to work.
So I can not only sustain all of mankind so I can finally retire someday and walk away from this goddamn smelly crappy microphone.
It sounds like a goddamn aluminum tube.
Maybe these are the aluminum tubes that Santa was trying to buy.
That must be it.
They went up in his studio.
Maybe George Corso bottom.
He looks like a goddamn terrorist.
Then I say fries ass right now.
Do it now and ask questions later.
That's my suggestion for George Corso in this phony below the engineering department.
And you know how it sounds totally different than five minutes ago.
If you don't like the way we sound now tune back in.
Check back what is later like they used to say on s u and we'll sound better.
How's it now?
How's that?
Huh? Yeah, I mean like every couple of minutes it's like a different radio station.
Are you noticing any signal problems?
I wonder where you listening to card driving down here.
Did that EBS thing?
What is it? What is it?
It's the EBS thing.
Right in the middle of the station.
They did the EBS thing right in the middle of you saying something.
Who did the EBS thing?
It happens automatically like in the bowel somewhere.
The EAS I guess it is.
They did the EBS thing in the middle of me like that.
What kind of a communist bunch of crap is that?
That's not supposed to happen like that EBS, of course look where we are you know.
They're making right down all we ran it at search and search and time.
Well give us our license back.
I'm not talking about the EBS.
I'm asking you about the signal the quality of the signal.
Schmuck, Schmitthead was fun.
It was good in the car.
Oh I got in the car this morning man out there in the acres and I thought I was listening to God damn radio Moscow.
I just like that.
Maybe that was just most squeezing the bag.
Might have been horrible signal.
Now how much are you going to fill here?
I don't want to leave you like hanging with too much time.
Whatever I'll fill whatever you'll fill whatever hand you have to fill right?
Are you sure?
Yeah Phil.
Fill a few minutes.
No because I got to get out here and go get my pills.
Absolutely.
It's only reason I can't back.
Is to make out all my financial crap and get my pills and get that on.
I need to come to South Florida for drugs.
Anybody out there and listening on the internet if you want to get some good drugs come to South Florida.
Believe you me Georgia hookup no problem at all.
It's just something.
And for real we'll hook you up to like an IV.
14 till 2 at 5 60 WQM by now you've been hearing all about laminits arussian how laminated wood flooring from laminits arussian is the easy.
The low maintenance smart alternative to natural wood flooring. Am I right?
Yes.
You bet.
Laminits arussian is the best place to find laminated wood flooring from the top names in the business.
Peridor, Pergo, Wilsonart, Unifloor, and Quickstep.
They've got all the top names all installed by Pergo certified installers.
Here's another reason why I have to be calling laminits arussian prices will floor you.
Right now you can get there some are special for just 1995 bucks.
That's correct.
Just 1995 bucks rubbed to 380 square feet of beautiful laminit wood flooring.
It is positively incredible.
And laminits arussian will match any legitimate written offer for a free in home estimate call.
Laminits arussian will throw free and ask away 1 877 777 33 36.
What could be more simple than give you free carpet disposal free furniture moving at 25 year warranty and years and eons of beautiful easy care.
Laminit wood flooring call laminits arussian will throw free today.
There's no obligation tell the old Neil Tony to call 1 877 777 33 36.
My life and love this is 4805 city.
Way to AM.
Roll another...
I've a mercury that's 3 lanes wide.
I can't see over the view because I'm 3 foot 5.
I'm a tank of oxygen to keep me alive.
My name is high.
My name is high.
My name is high.
Gotta go find for sunsweep juice so I bought 5.
When the gas shith only it was only for the largest size.
I hope the pain and disgust after farting in line.
My name is high.
My name is high.
My name is high.
I miss you the oily boy for dinner at 5.
As soon as gold deduct the bronze all they had was lime.
Love and they had me to check I let them die.
Cause my name is high.
My name is high.
My name is high.
I can't those sets the rules that I live by.
No younger than 92 but still alive.
The toll is in the pool but type as a fine.
My name is high.
My name is high.
My name is high.
You know I just don't get this time man.
I turn on the MTV and I see like the angel look and all cool.
He's got a shirt off and stuff and all the girls be liking it.
How do I do that?
I don't know how to do it.
How can I be cool?
I know why I'm not cool.
I can tell you why I'm not cool.
Here we go.
Come on.
I don't have a card that goes boom.
Cause I'm too wide.
You're way too wide.
Don't wait too wide.
Come on.
I wear cheap bad shoes.
Cause I'm too wide.
Go cheap bad shoes.
Look at you crack a boy.
Show her at the gym and you wonder why.
Why is that man?
Why did you make?
Cause I'm too wide.
Come on.
Cause I'm too wide.
Because I'm too wide.
Yeah, yeah.
Come on.
The brothers call me cracker ass.
Cause I'm too wide.
Are you cracker ass?
I don't understand a dude named Nelly.
Cause I'm too wide.
Wait too wide, man.
My girlfriend, she left me.
Why is that?
You want to know why?
Yeah, tell me.
Tell me.
Cause I'm too wide.
Cause I'm too wide.
Cause I'm too wide.
But I'm fine.
I can't play the basketball.
Because I'm too wide.
No, Jordan, what's up?
J. Willkin played well.
Cause he hates me and why.
He hates that man, white boy.
Magic Johnson got the edge.
You want to know why?
Why is that?
Why is that?
He banged the white.
He banged the white.
He banged the white.
Oh man.
I can't sing in his song right.
Cause I'm too wide.
He wait too wide, man.
I don't get the death comedy jam.
Cause I'm too wide.
I just don't get their jokes.
I don't get it.
I can't get the girlies' girls along like a fruit fly.
I hate being white.
I hate being white.
I hate being white.
I hate being white.
I hate being white.
But I'm not talking about it.
I think that's that, that be boy.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I'm mad, but I got a high voice.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I got bad thyroid.
That's the reason why.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I rate 55.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I say high up, Ali.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I can't see my shaw.
My foot picks to why.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I like feeling strippers.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I'm a very big tipper.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I go back to the rules, but don't tell my wife.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My shoehorns, my feet long.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I write a scooter in the store.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I'm so goddamn fat that I'm going to die.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
My name's Jeff Hines.
I don't know what I'm going to be reading...
I ain't never going to get any.
What am I going to do?
Check it out.
I'll never had a date, because I was shy.
Never had a chance to fall on the cage,
because I was shy.
Because I was shy because I was shy
I'm there at the club and it was a dime
She reached down the road my nub and it came alive
She said she'd do me twice for an extra five
There at the dive, there at the dive for an extra five
Because she loved the flavor by the looking around
She said please return the favor on sipping her fly
I guess I should have known by the hair on her thigh
It was a guy, it was a guy, it was a guy
I like to take his nuts and put them in their vies
She crushed me run she run she ran
Where's Nae, they bought a doochie when you need advice
On a colabus
I got my cherry pops by a transvestite
My man, yeah
I beat up the guy, I beat up the guy
I beat up the guy and get a coat
Roll another blunt
E
Laa laa laa lazz
Laa laa laa la la
Laa laa la, let's go Saaò laa laa laa la
Yeah
I was gonna clean my room
I was gonna get it in blinded room
But then I got earlier
Laa laa laa laa lmaa
You messed up and I know why I'm very gay
Cause I got hot, you girls like I have
You girls like I have
La la la la la
I was gonna go to class before I got hot
Come on y'all
Check it out
I could have cheated and I could have passed
But I got hot, uh, uh
La la, I'm taking a next semester
And I know why I'm hot, I'm very gay
Cause I got hot, you girls like I have
You girls like I have
I was gonna go to class before I got hot
I was gonna go to class before I got hot
I was gonna pay my child support
But then I got hot, no you wouldn't
La la, thanks up my whole paycheck
And I know why I'm very gay
Cause I got hot, you girls like I have
La la la la la
I wasn't gonna run from the cops
But I was hot, uh, I serious me
I was gonna pull right over and stop
But I was hot, uh, uh, uh
La la la la
Now I'm a tear up pleach
And I know why I'm very gay
Cause I got hot, you girls like I have
La la la la la
I was gonna make luck to you
Yeah, I got hot, I'm the tear you
I was gonna eat joke picc and-
No, I'm see education of-
And I know why I'm gonna-
There ya go, there ya go
No you girl love me, no you girl love me
Go, go, go
You girl, my entire life
Because I got hot
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, lost my keys
It's white, because I got hot
Say what, say what, say what, say what, say what
Now I'm sleeping on this sidewalk
And I know why, why, baby
Yeah, because I got hot
Because I got hot, because I got hot
