Get off this instant.
I'm going to be a
DELIMA.
We had a battle on this pool.
I'll tell you that.
It's tightening up now.
It's doing a tightening up with Archie Berlin and Drills.
It's only a two-vote lead for
about third man.
We asked on Friday what's your favorite expression or product you got from the
New Roger show.
Over the years.
We got 19-everythings, some on votes.
What do you got there on your thing?
What does it say?
I got a computer restarting.
Oh, sorry.
1950 votes.
And it's shocking.
You think about it.
All of the ones we put on there were get at least one.
But this one.
The single vote.
Not one.
And George insists that that's Ken Maldon, which we apologize for the bad day.
Miss Spelling.
Ken Maldon's M-A-L-D-E.
Who's fault is that?
Is that yours being a boy or Eric?
I honestly don't remember.
Oh.
If I wrote the name in there.
You just honestly don't remember?
How come not one person voted for it?
Yeah, get off this instant.
That to me doesn't sound even a little bit like Ken Maldon.
Doesn't sound even vaguely like Ken.
Well, we'll find out.
But in the meantime we got one hell of a battle going on between...
Absolutely correct sir.
And...
...Fot third man.
We might leave it on there a couple of minutes and see how this plays out.
You know what?
Because this is very urgent.
Mine just came up.
It's within three.
I don't know what yours is.
298.
I got you guys.
201 to 198.
Oh, there's one more for...
One more for...
FOT third man.
Yes.
Anyway, about 30 man.
201.
Absolutely correct sir.
198.
You're not going to have to play all these.
I'm not going to go down a whole list.
It's too long of a list.
There's no fact in the church.
That had 132.
Because then I got to like...
It puts the lotion in the basket.
That had 114.
That's the American fucking way.
100.
So all of those had over 100.
I'll be right on the edge of 100.
98.
I can't do all of those.
I can't play them all.
I'm dying over here 98.
And then of course a recent...
...favorite big time.
I snore.
95.
Reverend John's your gay 84.
Mitch Lewis 68.
The managed keychain 63.
The products in the that stuff didn't really do all that great.
Other than the managed keychain.
Oy!
57.
Mad Dog.
Alright.
52.
Unbelievable.
41.
Oh that's not the one.
Unbelievable.
41 votes.
And then of course the ever famous which I guess I do have to play this.
Because we don't play it often enough and that's your fault.
You should say how come you never play.
Yo yo yo.
Let's rate poll.
And then I'd play it.
Then I'd have 35 votes.
All of these things 31.
Fish food 30.
It's Friday you bastard's 30.
Charlton Heston's you son of a bitch 27.
Thanks for crawling 25.
Yours.
Uh huh.
24.
That was the one George picked.
Uh huh.
24.
Small potatoes.
Lomi $50.
Larry King 21.
And then of course one that's really coming on strong lately.
A man that's moving up in the world big time.
Oh my!
Oh my!
These are Gaki DeZeman had 18.
Andrew Dysclay.
18.
Maddick Kohn 17.
Jimmy and Danny 17.
And Sister Mary Catherine Jesus 16.
I'm not going to go to the second page.
So that yeah look at that four vote margin between uh...
Absolutely correct.
This is in second place and...
Third man.
Which isn't first.
Tight those two.
So I think what we'll do today in honor of that is just all day we'll play...
Third man.
Absolutely correct sir.
Huh?
All day.
Third man.
Absolutely correct sir.
For four hours.
Probably get higher numbers than this golf stuff we're going to have on this week.
But that's really sad you know and now you tell me that Mo left and I were really to go to with some stupid golf tournament.
And then Maddog and the Hank are going to be broadcasting from some stupid golf tournament today.
Oh brother that's really sad.
That is so so unbelievably sad.
We wonder why the sport segments are like a little bit lacking in big numbers.
Golf is not a sport it's a game.
It's a game for blue noses and for bored tired old men with varicose veins.
That's golf.
For blue nose assholes.
The golf thing is you know I can tolerate the other sports insanity even though it sometimes drives me up the wall on this radio station.
As if I have anything to say about it anyway.
Do I have anything to say about it?
No.
But the golf stuff that just it just drives me up the wall.
Drives me up the freaking wall.
A horse didn't do too good on Saturday in the Derby.
Poor little Tyler Bayes there.
He got stuck left in the gate.
Got squeezed at the start Indian up Indians Creek whatever it was.
And the finish 14th was just caught in all kinds of traffic along me inside.
I go in the first turn damn near fell down and then I got pinched back to 14th.
Never was in a running.
We were going to float empire maker made a friend of mine.
We're going to split it in float empire maker.
In a trifecta.
What do you mean you were going to float him?
What about the Zatme?
I put him first with every horse.
Put him second with every horse.
Put him third with every horse.
You were going to key him wheel him.
I mean he have float.
See float is not a race track word.
Well I'm not a race track guy.
He's a refugee.
Pretty obvious.
Legal alien just got off the banana boat.
That's a floating.
See you float it up on shore.
That was where the float in a tube.
Right.
Floating is not so you're going to wheel him.
So why didn't you do that?
One of the exacton paid.
Funny side was 12 to one with the great Jose Santos.
I should point out.
It was a crappy race.
It was a crappy race.
The only excitement was before the race when they showed the crowd in the infield
all those college students celebrating and getting all whipped up to a frenzy.
That was pretty exciting because some of us are excited for that right now.
Not as exciting as that movie I saw over the weekend last night.
Donnie Brasco.
I'm going to talk about that and movies in general momentarily.
That was a good movie.
Yes.
Thanks to a my good close personal buddy Johnny Depp.
Nice going Johnny baby.
Come on over.
Let's see what you look like.
Do you know that Johnny Depp is 40 years old well in June.
June 9th.
Not that I checked his birthday.
June 9th he'll be 40 years old.
Wow.
He grew up in Miramar, Florida.
That's what it says on the DVD on the bio thing and they're all oh.
He told us see Miramar and Hallendale aren't they across the street from each other?
Yes.
So depending on what block you live in you could be like in both.
They're like side by side.
Side by each.
But it says Miramar but I think he grew up in Hallendale's what he told me that morning he was on a show on Zeta.
It seems like only yesterday that he and I we they took our picture.
God I still wish we had that picture.
I sure wish I had that picture.
It was Johnny in his black leather jacket.
Yeah he was great in Donnie Brasco.
Al Pacino on the other hand was kind of like El Martino's voice.
We it was really weak.
His acting in that movie was so bad.
And in spite of that if you haven't seen Donnie Brasco I go out and pick up the DVD right now.
I would go out and grab it.
Just like Johnny Depp got grabbed there in the airport.
Grab this private's early so we send.
That was going to excuse.
That's a good story pretty creative.
Yeah.
So I had a paper channel over here.
But Al Pacino in that movie was so freaking bad.
God was he awful.
Dixie Ticks last night anybody was there?
According to the story we got they wowed the crowd and there were no protesters.
There was one guy wearing a t-shirt that said uh...
Bush ain't proud you're from Texas either and he still showed up.
He says with what I paid for the tickets if I'm come I'm going to if I do come I'm going to let him know how I feel said.
This guy what that was his name you bank what was his first name this guy have a first name.
This is the story in the Palm Beach for a mark you bank.
42 before the start of the show.
The t-shirt was about the most local protest to be registered the entire evening.
Despite all the fuss that greeted the Dixie Ticks top of the world tour which kicked off in South Carolina last week.
To rave reviews and gigantic crowds South Florida greeted the group with open arms and outside there wasn't one picket inside.
They had two in Orlando they had a pair and that was all in a Yahoo place like Orlando.
Inside the Macaroon last night a thunderous welcome of literally any hint of the name calling it's been heard over talk radio by the right wing assholes.
So the nearly sold out crowd of better than 15,000 these weren't the Dixie Tweets or Saddam's Angels.
They were just three women singing their hearts out.
But they weren't the three French hands either by the way jury jury fall where you asshole you you fat face piece of crap.
This is a story that I think you're reading and appreciate that we mister with the weekend beener boy and what happened over the weekend with the response from the audience.
I think George has got something on he's got a stomach on it.
They have this Iraq war burn out now it goes to show the attention span of the American public.
We've been breaking all records every weekend on that website just phenomenal and look at all our good stuff we had on this weekend.
And then just maybe there's a lot of important stuff going on that they had the air show yesterday or over the weekend right.
That's right.
I can't think of anything else that's going on.
Wasn't there a boy they sure of what it was like to play on that website over the weekend.
But that's okay. We don't take it personal.
We left this story out on Saturday.
Maybe if we to put this on it with a word with a spread around town.
Massachusetts town meeting segregated by cents.
C-E-N-T-S.
Shoot sparing Massachusetts.
Something smelled foul to burn our parace at Saturday's annual town meeting but it wasn't the usual hint of culot or perfume.
What put his nose out of joint was the fact that residents who wore cents were segregated from the fragrance free.
Okay.
I think it's out of hand said parace 77 is morning splash of aftershave since dissipated.
Some of the crazy stuff that come up with nowadays is baloney which has a scent of its own.
Did ever sit like on a bus or anywhere like next to somebody that just was eating or had just eaten like a sandwich or a sub sandwich.
Yeah.
Or a baloney sandwich or like what?
That stinks.
Exiled.
Oh yeah, the air salad.
Yeah.
But that's kind of like an after effect.
It says people who say they suffer from a condition known as multiple chemical sensitivity syndrome.
MCSS.
Oh for the love of God.
Said the town's decision to separate the scented from the odorless left them breath easier.
I've had to leave town meetings in the past because maybe the crow is there.
Maybe he sent them all scattering.
Sets them all.
I've had to leave town meetings in the past because there's been somebody wearing perfumes said Julie Taylor 49.
Who says she breaks out in rashes has problems breathing gets a fever when she's exposed to heavy sense.
Oh she gets a fever must be SARS.
I'm glad the town is doing this.
Now I can participate without a serious risk of my health.
She be saying as for other parts of New England the annual meeting in the 268 year old shoots fury.
A town of 1800 people next to Amherst College.
It's the time for residents to debate and vote for their leaders bylaws and budgets.
Before this year's decision the town's Americans with disabilities act committee identified 10 residents with MCSS multiple chemical sensitivity syndrome.
At the board suggestion town officials created a sent list seating area in the schools gym.
Oh my God I sure hope nobody cuts one in air.
Anyone imagine?
If you've got heavy sensitivity to that.
Oh God.
I think everybody is real sensitive that like if you're in a crowd of people.
If you're on a plane.
Yeah see the charcoal and those seats on a plane that's supposed to absorb the aroma.
Believe me it don't work.
I think it may be it stores it for a release later.
Yeah it stores it for the next poor bastard's gonna sit on it.
Next time they sit down and put pressure on it.
I'll kind of like seeps up into the air.
And the aroma just fills your nostrils and your sinus passages and your whatever.
12 minutes past nine at 560 W2QM you know talk is cheap.
It's easy to throw in a lot of really appealing low numbers but when it comes right down to it.
What can you really get refinanced at 5% 4% how about 2.45% with an ancial group.
With interest rates of 2.45% it's really your best bet and it's rock solid too.
So call financial group now tool free 180940 land.
That's financial group and 180940 LED interest rates are at all time low.
So why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing.
2.45% financing with financial group.
What is 2.45% financing that it is monthly payments here some answers.
If you have a 200,000 dollar loan you pay only 786 a month.
If you have a 100,000 dollar loan you pay only 393 bucks a month.
So get yourself 2.45% financing from financial group.
Call them today and they'll explain it to you.
Call 1800940 land.
That's financial group and 1800940 LED.
They're an equal housing lender.
Credit restrictions applying rates are subject to change monthly 5.34 APR.
Is there an excellent is there like a thing in there comma?
Ask Todd Reckham for he can't say.
My life and law this is for real by 60.
You are a QA.
Unbelievable.
May 5th Syncode in Maya.
A Mexican National holiday.
All stations are giving away trips to Cancun.
Some are giving away trips to Mexico City.
But we're bringing Mexico to you.
That's right.
We're giving away Mexican.
Real live Mexican.
I.
Caram.
We'll be smuggling illegal aliens across the border in the wheel well of a station back.
Then we'll give one to you.
Imagine your own personal Mexican.
They'll wash your car.
In your house.
Make your car.
And anything you want.
Because if they don't you'll have them deported.
Audio some people.
Leave a hint color when you hear this louder.
And win a Mexican.
Members of this station and their families are not eligible to own Mexicans.
Baving in Delosica Mexicans is winners responsibility.
Station assumes no liability for infectious diseases carried by Mexicans.
Celebrate Syncode in Maya with your own home.
Every day with your very own Mexican.
People listening to rules.
918 at 560 WQM on the big Syncode in Maya.
Everybody's off from work today.
They're probably having parades out in the streets, aren't they?
Sure, yeah.
Look what got a couple of votes finally.
Go up, get off this instant.
Now do you find out is that Ken Maldon?
No, we have to wait for him to come in.
Oh, that's not him.
Okay.
Peanut Boy, you think that sounds like Ken?
Who put that in there?
It does it.
Does it sound like him to me, but maybe they saw it at that.
Go up, get off this instant.
No.
So you don't even know who put it in there or work from what's yellow I think?
Go up, get off this instant.
Go up, get off this instant.
Maybe if we play it often enough.
Go up, get off this instant.
At any rate, look what's happened on the pool before we put up the new one.
Look at that.
Absolutely correct, sir.
Just moved into first place.
See, this is what happens over the weekend.
These other people were pushing heavy duty on.
But after it was leading all the way through Friday and most of Saturday.
Absolutely correct.
Here's back in the first place and we're going to declare it the winner, aren't we?
Okay.
That was f***ing great.
I was.
211-207 for the other one.
But third man.
Now, here's today's pool.
Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeker?
The reason I put this on is pool is because I'm so nauseated and disgusted with his mark,
Gera Ghosts.
Like I told you Friday when they broke the story on TV.
Yeah.
About how he was named the new attorney in the Lacey Scott Peterson case.
And it's just, he just wears you out.
I just can't stand it.
It's like the same dozen people there just never ending.
They're always there in front of the camera.
You know who he left off on here?
I give up.
Johnny Cochrane.
Oh, yeah.
Right?
Right.
We could also put Al Sharpton on there.
Nah.
He actually had a couple of funny lines in that debate here.
And I also saw some clips, but he had a couple of lines which that tells you a lot about the other guys.
Palm Beach Post is conducting a pool in today's newspaper.
Who would you want to see as the Democratic nominee and guess who's winning by a landslide by a good margin?
Jolie Bremen.
Now he's third.
He's third.
Well, Palm Beach, you know, they think they'll they'll want to vote for Jolie Bremen, but they'll want to vote for Papu Cannon.
Oh, seriously, he's third.
Howard Dean.
Really?
You think that Bob Graham in Palm Beach County, and I mean Bobby is doing pretty good.
He's second place, but I think Howard Dean had like 53% and Graham like 28 and Jolie Bremen had about 12%.
I think maybe Graham has like that.
Here's the poll.
Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeker?
Oh, this is cute.
The US has Canada cares too much about liberties.
I got the other page if you want to.
Oh, you can just go to the site.
Oh, look at this.
This is cute.
Who do you think you're fooling this grudge?
It doesn't matter how many phony writeups you get in the people section about what hot model you're dating this week.
We all know your secret.
If you're so straight, why don't you sue Alec Baldwin for claiming that you made a pass on him, confirm Bachelor My Ass.
About us confirmed his fallen, confirmed Queen.
Oh, my God.
Who sent that?
Taxer.
Some anonymous facts are out there suggesting that Ms. Grudge really is a lady.
Oh, I can't believe that.
Not with a hat like that.
Anyway, here's the list we have so far.
Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeker?
Nancy Grace.
Mark Garagos for that big ugly mustache.
See somebody ought to tell him that that kind of mustache went out with Jerry Colona and only a poker bride.
I remember who that is.
Remember Jerry Colona?
No.
Good.
That's a good sign.
Harald Rivera.
Steve Mr. Ego Kane, even though he's small potatoes.
Ellis Rubin.
Jesse Jackson and Johnny Coquering.
That's what we have so far.
Think about it.
Put OJ on there.
I mean, it wouldn't hurt.
No, I don't think so.
Because mostly the attention he gets isn't by design.
It's just big by it because he's such an aberration of the human race and he can't stop doing all this crap.
I'm talking about somebody that goes out of their way.
It's on there just in your face constantly morning and noon and night you can't get away from them ever.
I'm the talking head shows us specially.
I think that's a pretty good list to start.
Yeah.
And then the other thing that I want to find out about today and not just today we can do this forever.
Because I did finally get off my lazy ass and I went over and I got me some DVDs yesterday.
I got more identity with my Damon haven't watched it yet.
But at your original, Johnny Brasco, let's hear it for George.
Finally, I mean, he paid the good one.
Johnny Brasco is an outstanding movie.
I give it four and a half stars on a scale of five.
The half star missing because of Al Pacino's grotesque acting job.
It's just unbelievable how guys like him and I love Al Pacino when he's good.
But the thing I've discovered about Pacino is he's either very, very good like in Godfather's one and two.
Or he's very, very bad like in Godfather three and in set of a woman and in Johnny Brasco.
If you really watch the movie, you don't have to watch that carefully.
You don't have to be like a connoisseur film.
But you'll notice even the casual viewer that he keeps reprise roles that he played in other movies.
There are a couple of scenes in there where he's like doing Godfather three all over again.
And then there's throughout the movie he's doing a set of a woman.
He's doing that same character, the blind guy.
And it just keeps latching out of these things from other movies.
Even as a pair, it keeps changing throughout.
But Johnny, but Johnny Depp was great in that movie.
Johnny Depp, one of the unsung heroes and I'll say it again.
I don't give a crap what anybody says.
Believe me speaking of connoisseurs, I know my people.
Okay, I know my hot looking people, whatever they might be.
Now this movie was made in 1987.
Johnny Brasco.
Really? It's that old?
I mean, 1997, 1987, 1997, six years ago.
So Johnny Depp was like 33, 34 years old when that movie came out.
If ever there was a person who looked more pristine, you know what I mean?
Like not a people.
I know he may have had like a couple on the face like a couple like little zit mark.
You know what I mean?
Maybe it was but I don't think so.
How do you know?
George has been inspecting Johnny Depp's...
Reckham?
Privates.
Oh, listen, don't forget about our contest.
It's underway now.
Well, not, it's underway from the...
We don't have any more emails?
More pictures of the same entrance.
Well, no, we don't want that.
So we can put the best ones on there.
Oh, I see.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, email us pictures of yourselves.
Any couples out there were doing the hot couples contest for the next three months.
May, June and July.
And you have until Thursday, May 15th to email George Pictures of yourselves.
And then the starting May 15th pictures will be up on our website for a week.
And the people out there can vote on their favorite, which is the hottest couple.
Thursday, May 22nd, the couple with the most votes wins.
And the grand prize, a three-day two-night stay for two of the Royal Oasis Resort in Casino and Bahamas
with round trip, air-fear, on Lake Guerrero.
Runner-up gets dinner for two of the pizza-luff.
I'm surprised we don't have more than that.
We got about seven couples participating so far.
Right.
Let's get with it.
Okay.
Let's get on top of it.
So like I said, Donnie Brasco was excellent, but Al Pacino, and maybe there's somebody disagree with me.
We've actually had people call in the show defending the movie, said of a woman telling me how great his performance was in here.
He won the Oscar for that movie, didn't he?
I don't recall.
I mean, here's a man who's been in so many great movies from Dog Day afternoon to Godfather's Parts One Through Three to injustice for all.
Right.
So many brilliant acting jobs and a piece of crap contrived, overactive, the acting in a set of a woman was so overactive that he would have been gone.
He would have been gone after gone show in the first two minutes for overacting.
But he's just gotten into this thing now where he, in some of his movies, he just reprees his rules from other movies and he lapses back into him.
And you wonder if they're not like just letting him do it because he's him.
What's the thing?
Yeah.
Oh, it's Pacino. We're not going to mess with him. Just put his name on the marquee and the people will come.
They'll watch.
I must be it.
But Johnny Depp over, he outshown him, man. I don't care what anybody says. He was the Oshining Star.
Nice going, Johnny.
Good, Helen Bill, boy.
9.20, stay in as far as pimples on his ass. I know he's 40 years old now, but I think we're going to have to probably do an inspection.
See, he's forgotten about us.
About me.
Not about you.
He don't know from you anyway. He's forgotten about me, sure. I can know Zeta days because that was 86.
He was 23. He was just a young actor starting out. He wasn't a really huge name yet. He was big.
Is what the bird told me.
Hey, if you're in a dead end job or maybe just dead like the bird, pick up the phone and call fast train toll, toll free at 1 866 fast train and get yourself started on the road to a new high-paint computer job to a big fat paycheck.
By the way, Clarets, payday's Friday. It's the ninth.
So there are no excuses anymore because fast train offers you convenient to eating weekend classes, you can fit into your schedule.
And as far as the location is concerned, there's about to be a fast train near by you because they're all over town now.
Fast trains got locations in Miami in Kindle, Pembroke Pines and prestigious four-lotterdale, too.
So like I said, there's about to be one convenient to where by you live.
And don't forget to register at fast train.com to receive your free American flag bumper sticker if you want to those.
So pick up that phone and get yourself started on a real career and making some real cash and save it by the dead end job forever.
Call fast train to day tool free 1 866 fast train.
Find a local. This is five cities.
Reuse all your town.
You and I just got.
So this the new subject mystery us disease.
We outbreak the sword by bus now and advisory.
Don't want to travel to China just in case.
Did you have Chinese take out you better leave some space.
Don't stand don't stand.
Don't stand don't stand.
931 and 560 WQ and by the way the kid in where was it in the Lakeland who had visited Toronto.
That was a totally bogus story.
Didn't have stars had a coffin fever and that brought an Ireland that spent a night out near the Toronto airport.
Your person airport is what the story in the New York Times said New York Times has got a bone for this town.
I don't know what it is.
They keep trying to stick it to us here in Toronto and I have no idea why because after 911 Toronto said all kinds of firefighters and paramedics and people to help assist in the cleaning up in New York.
But for some reason the New York Times keeps putting these phony below these stories in air and you're wrong.
New York Times goes so in the movie Donnie Brasco guess what song they played.
That really brought a chuckle to my post.
Oh yeah remember that and I kept thinking of the I got you down.
I just mentioned that in passing you know it's this poll today could be the most difficult of all time.
I said here in like just with a frozen finger.
Yeah give her a frozen finger watch where you stick it and not no one who to vote for.
But the poll is up now I guess you and I both voted I didn't because I'm having internet problems here.
You're having internet problems here again.
Oh no not internet problems here.
That's got to be a bad mistake George must be just making that.
I don't have no internet problems here.
Anyway Jason Faxes says the duck get off this instant.
Gawg get off this instant sounds like Ben Stein to me just my opinion said I have Ben you know that obnoxious Ben Stein from Ben Stein's money.
The investigation continues because neither I nor Miguel nor Carlos put that in there.
Really we don't know where it even came from.
Duck get off this instant.
That is not Ken Maldon.
I mean if that's Ken Maldon I bet you Carlos and your life on it and after when Mo too.
That is not Ken.
Duck get off this instant.
Maybe somebody you are and so to hell I just and also what we really need from the audience because now that I'm into the DVD thing.
So you give me a DVD player what about you to your go buddy here you go right as a birthday gift which is you know George is good on birthday gift.
Everything else he's pretty marginal but I'm birthday gives his excellent.
And give me a DVD player which you know but all the other electronics I got 50 satellite dishes all kinds of crap I never had bothered with one.
Because where do you stick it you know right.
And I just never had the time to really get into it but now that I'm here and I went out and got me a DVD player several months ago.
And you know and I don't have the dogs to deal with I don't have to be running the track to keep certain people happy.
And so I got a lot more time and I can sit back and I can go to the stores now I've got 80 billion video DVDs.
Almost everything that's ever been made except for Redwood and I looked it up on Amazon dot com this morning come to find out Edward has been released on DVD yet.
So I'm going to have to buy it on VHS which I will Bob Roberts which I saw just the ass end of and amazingly neither George or I ever saw the movie.
So I just the ass end of it with Tim Robbins and Susan's remaining in a Gorge Vidal in it even it was made 11 years ago and I checked that out it's coming out in June they're releasing that.
I guess it's only like in the last few months that the real explosion is hit with the DVDs and just about everything that's ever been made is going to be released on DVD.
So I'm going to make a list for from people and I'm not talking about movies that you know we've seen like the Godfather and Network and gone with the wind.
I'm talking about movies that maybe don't immediately come to your mind you know is the most famous of all time but movies that you really have to see.
I'm going to start making a list so Ken Walden says yes that's not him.
I told you that it doesn't say anything like Ken Walden well the mystery continues.
Peter Boy who is the one that kept on us that's Ken Walden it was George it was George.
I mean that's in a front to my good friend Ken.
I mean not that this guy's got a bad voice but just so so.
Doc got off this incident you know what I mean so different.
And not one that we ever heard before maybe it's one of the dust old pals you know maybe it's one of his acquaintances maybe it's Tanner.
That is not Miss Tanner okay please.
Oh look at that look who's running the pool nearly returns here and I was very difficult for me 34 votes now just one up a couple of minutes ago.
Which of these people is the biggest media attention secret a publicity horror.
Jesse Jackson 18.
Haraldos got seven. Nancy Grace 3.
Mark Garagos 2. Johnny Cochrane 2. Ellis Rubin 1.
And Mr. Ego Steve Kane has got one.
The only reason I put him on is because of that Mike Mayo thing you know.
But when you have an audience you can fit in a telephone booth I guess you're not really getting all the attention that you could probably use or want.
WQAM hello.
Yeah one floor of the coup is not for sure Neil good morning.
Oh yeah I know WQAM hello.
Yeah good morning how you doing Neil.
Okay sir.
How do I want to Broly shopped it.
Put him on the pole.
No.
Why not he was a media horror.
Yeah he was but now he's a candidate.
Yeah I get my George said that too you think he really belongs on there.
Yeah even on the same even more so than Jesse Jackson.
He was on all over when I was growing up in New York and even when I came down here I'm 11 years.
He was forever on TV any little thing he's marching when he went to jail for that August strike.
Yeah you're right he's on here.
Bye.
Thanks.
He's right I resisted it only because I don't know because I resisted.
Put now sharp then on there please you got it being a boy right these down there because we're not you know.
I'm not that we're going to have like thousands of people on this list I don't think.
But there are many of them and they just keep reappearing over and over and over and this and of course you know who is responsible for long.
Yeah the Kingmeister our good close personal friend who just they well our panel we got this panel.
And no matter what it is that happens what is somebody gets killed somebody a stole afraid train here comes the panel again and the panel.
Amazingly always turns out to be the same people again mix and match.
See I've never been able to figure out that the other unless you've got a massive ego.
And most of these people are well healed it's not that they're missing any money or any meals.
But what is the point of going on those shows I mean I've turned down a zillion of those things what's it going to do for me is it going to make me wealthy.
Yeah well what's the point what is it going to do.
How about Gloria all ready do you think she ought to be on there.
Oh I hate her.
She called us.
Yeah let's put that bitch on there to Gloria all red.
And I have no idea how you spell her name be careful but it's spelling okay because Eric it's real upset when you misspelled words.
Carlos calls me up and bitches bitterly about it WQ a.m. Hello.
Neil yes sir.
What about Ann Colter and Colter's a good one.
Yeah because I can't say that bitch.
Have you ever seen her with Matt grudge.
No I've never seen the guy.
Same person okay thank you and Colter belongs on list all we don't see her that much anymore thank goodness.
As used to be because everybody's on of that bitch now.
The bad news is that she's moving to South Florida.
Oh sooner or later all the drags man had just that stuck keep seeping downstream downhill just look at that map and watch everything goes.
Just down through the Appalachians right down the old Hershey highway and into that big penicilla.
23 for Jesse ten for her all the Rivera and after that it's small potatoes out of 44 votes.
21 to a ten at five sixty WQ a.m.
You know mom's always been there for us so this mother's they she deserves the softest gift for the hardest job.
This year pamper her with pajama gram she'll receive the most luxurious pajamas along with a free lavender bath tea.
A gift card and a do not disturb sign all delivered and a keep safe hat box.
They'll send a pajama gram gift shop online at pajama gram.com or call 1 800 give P.J.s and they'll help you choose the perfect pair.
They have named brands that she knows and loves like Nick and Cora, Crag Tree and Evelyn and Naturi made from premium preppers like Egyptian cotton and fine silk and sizes to fit any mom plus they've got gowns, robes, slippers and great spot products too.
Sending a pajama gram is a creative way to thank her and it's delivered right to her door she'll absolutely love it and it's a gift you know that she's going to be using.
They're the sister company of Vermont City University and they can trust their quality and on time delivery of course.
So this month is Davis coming Sunday send mom the softest gift for the hardest job to visit pajama gram.com or call 1 800 give P.J.s tool free 1 800 give P.J.s for pajama gram.com.
We're sports radio 560 2 a.m.
It just feel like a prank.
It's a new reality show on Fox this time we'll try and prove once and for all that when it comes to true love looks don't matter.
20 mask bachelor's will buy for attention and affection of one lucky lady Monica Lewinsky hosts Mr. Personality.
Okay guys this is our beautiful single young lady bachelor number one with the Richard Nixon mask say hello.
Hey how you doing huh? How about those fun pillows on you?
Whoa.
Okay bachelor number six with the teenage mutant Ninja Turtle mask your turn.
Hey what's up this week cakes. How's the bottom of the toilet.
Oh, that's pretty.
Okay bachelor number 12 with the William Shatner mask.
Actually I'm more interested in you baby.
Now hostess with the mostest.
That voice sounds very familiar.
Wow.
Hey this show's supposed to be about me.
Hey hey back down the two there sexy Philly.
I don't actually have relations with her.
Why my mind she's just the owl in the touchy roll pop commercial.
What do you mean Philly?
Shut up I love you.
Mr. Personality on Fox.
We want a back badly 945 at 560 WQM here's a great thanks while here's two of them.
I'll do the short one first PR Ralph your close personal friend.
Yes.
In the movie Donnie Brasco the club that he buys put plantation on the map it was Dan Dowd's on 441.
Dan Dowd's a used to have the big move cow in front that's now in front of Kim Bo campers the joint.
Alright. Right. Right.
Dan Dowd's but it was a horrible place.
Oh and they hit like a meat market and well anyway.
But I didn't know that and the one thing I did notice I was a little bit disappointing was that
I was really very little footage of South Florida.
Right.
Which was supposed to have been 1978 so I don't know maybe it was a budgetary thing because you know when they when they do those old things they have to like.
You know what I'm saying right like for example in a godfather too wasn't it the one with the myrland ski.
Yes.
And I have no idea how they do that either do you.
How they do what how they recreate the old neighborhoods and make it look I guess they go and find some other.
Have you driven through any of those neighborhoods lately like I said they just wait long enough and then they look like they didn't say.
Anyway it's in a movie Donnie Brasco here the club that he buys King what was it called King's Court something like that.
Yeah that's what it was because I just saw it last night even my memory that bad push plantation on the map used to be Dan Dowd.
Thank you if we are around that's amazing.
How do you like that.
And this is the facts of the century from a Nadine Evans who says my dear Neil I just heard you talk about Johnny Depp and Donnie Brasco how I run it because I just finished a Johnny Depp movie marathon weekend.
So Donnie Brasco done one demarko fear and loathing in LA which was totally outrageous.
What the f what fear and loathing in Las Vegas was what that's the name of the movie what movie.
The one you just said you just said fear and loathing in LA.
Well that's what she's right in here I understand are you correcting Nadine yes don't be messing with this lady okay because it's a great fact especially when we get to the part about his ass.
Fear and loathing in Las Vegas which was totally outrageous Ed Wood F one which you must run to see immediately also five stars for when night falls there's a scene where Johnny who has a small role plays a transsexual in a Cuban prison in Castro's Cuba circa 1950.
Now his ass is not going to be missed and his wonderful face to how do you like that here's Nadine she's seen his ass well probably more than once because she says I'm the lady from formerly from Miramar whose daughter Julie dated and hung out with him.
Johnny and my daughter both graduated from Perry Middle School and he never completed Miramar high school he was in my home countless times it was also a bit on the dark side thank you Nadine what an interesting fact that is huh.
Johnny Depp was a little on the dark side so I bet you maybe what's your daughter's name Julie Julie's got some interesting information five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T not getting any movies for my list must see movies but probably won't.
I'll just make up my own mind I guess the easiest thing is you just go into the store and you got like 75,000 you just keep looking and looking and looking.
It's probably not the best way to do it Bob Roberts anybody out there see Bob Roberts Tim Robbins probably not no.
Wtc.
I am.
Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah now an evening for the glory on this finger finale.
Okay week free week.
See they don't understand it do they never know they don't get it which of these people is the biggest media attention
secret of it is always on your TV I wouldn't put him in a category at all.
Would you know.
Of course when you're only two feet tall it's kind of hard to stand out in the crowd but we don't see that much him thank goodness.
And the best part one of the great things about being up here I don't see him at all.
We got our own little short though of Mayor male lastman but at least he's got a great sense of humor he's totally clueless but at least he's a funny guy.
Wtc.
I think of the mile Mr. Neil Rogers and back to you sir.
All right one more thing to go.
I need to go.
Wtc.
I am hello.
Neil yes sir.
Good morning.
It took the Miami Herald today made a fifth okay took the herald to confirm that Mr.
Roamsell said Iraq has no weapons of mass destruction.
Yeah like I said this is a joke it's really really a joke.
And Neil like a piece of meat I'm well done.
Have a good day.
Okay five six seven oh five sixty the audience is burnt out on Iraq the American public has got a very short attention span and they don't want to know from that anymore and all I mean we got a story on there today that the minimum count of Iraqi civilian casualties 2300 right that was just in bag that.
Forget about the rest of the people that showed up to the hospital and died.
Yeah right the ones that they could find body parts of 2300.
All the best story though that we have on our website that we're going to keep on the regained today the bookie a virtue this right here this is what it's all about okay.
All you right wingers out there all you people are getting sucked in in you too stupid we even understand why I for the life of me.
Like I've told you before unless you're a right wing born again fanatical Bible thumping Christian or unless you're a multi-millionaire or both that you have no business following this group of Nazis that we got in running the country now.
And here is one of the biggest and the worst William Bennett build Bennett one of the great finger pointies one of the point is one of the great moralist of all time big fat face tub of crap.
Joshua Green in the Washington monthly and of course this story was in Newsweek everywhere William J Bennett has made millions lecturing people on morality and blown it on gambling.
How do you like that yeah no person can more be rightly credited with making morality and personal responsibility and integral part of the political debate than William J Bennett for more than 20 years as a writer speaker government official and political operative.
Bennett's been a commanding general in the culture wars as Ronald Reagan's chairman of the national endowment for the humanities he was the scourge of academic permissiveness later as Reagan secretary of education.
He excoriated schools and students for failing to set me high standards as drugs are under George Herbert Walker Bush he applied a get tough approach to drug use arguing that individuals have a moral responsibility to own up to their addiction upon leaving office Bennett wrote the book of virtues a compendium of parable snatch stuff by millions of parents and teachers across the political spectrum.
Bennett's crusading ideals have been adopted by politicians of both parties and implemented in such programs as character education classes in public schools a testament to his impact but but.
Bennett a devout Catholic has always been more old testament than new even many who sympathize with his concerns fight his combative style haughty and unforgiving Democrats in particular object to his partisan sermonizing which portrays levels as inherently less moral and conservatives more given to excusing personal weaknesses and on a willing to do so.
He's been a member of the government in the front devices that the story families during the impeachment of Bill Clinton Bennett was among the president's most unrelenting detractors his book the death of outrage decried among other things the public spader to take Clinton sins more seriously his relentless efforts to push Americans to do good as enabled Bennett to do extremely well his best selling the book of virtue spot an entire cottage industry from children's books to merchandising tions to a PBS cartoon series Bennett commands fifty thousand dollars per appearance on lecture circuit and has received hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash.
He's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in the past and he's been a member of the government for the first time in
the past and the number continues to grow and Maryland where Bennett lives the newly elected republic and governor Robert Urlux tried to introduce slot machines to feel revenue shortfalls.
If Bennett hasn't spoken out more forcefully on an issue that would seem tailor made for him, it's because he himself is a heavy gambler.
Oi!
Indeed, in recent weeks, we're
disirculated among Washington Conservatives
that his wagerin could be a real problem.
They have reason for concern.
The Washington Monthly Newsweek have learned that over the last decade,
Bennett has made dozens of trips to casinos in Atlantic City in Vegas,
where he's a preferred customer at several of them,
and sources and documents provided to Washington Post put his total losses
at more than strap yourself in $8 million.
Oh!
I don't believe it!
$8 million!
$10!
This preacher of personal morality and goody-touches crat,
holier than now.
Just like all of them, man.
Bennett's been a high-wheeler since at least the early 90s.
A review of 118-month stretch of gambling
showed him visiting casinos often for two or three days at a time,
and during a credit line of at least 200 grand at several of them.
He likes to be discrete.
He'll usually call a host and let us know what he's coming says one,
source we can limbo him in.
He prefers the high-limit room where he's less likely to be seen,
and he can play the $500 post-slots.
Oh my God!
He usually plays very late at night early in the morning,
usually between midnight and 6 a.m.
Soon otherwise not to be seen.
And this article, you can read the whole thing on our website.
It goes on and on a great length.
The bookie of virtue, William J. Bennett,
another fingerprinting moralist, they're all the same, man.
They're all the same.
Make no mistake, not most.
All of them, each and every one of these super moralists,
these holier than now, bansards.
If you're looking at their closets,
man, their skeletons rattling around like crazy,
even the monsters would be embarrassed.
$8 million, he's pissed away gambling.
And I mean, he's entitled, it's his money,
he made it, that's the one thing,
but on the other hand, he's given everybody else lessons
on morality and on life and on wisdom and instead of
and so on and how to behave properly.
I wonder what Jesus would have thought of that.
That $8 million, George, thinks it by a lot of good weed.
Yeah.
Would soon will be decriminalized here in Canada.
Oh, I just mentioned that in passing.
$5.670, $5.6, you know, have one movie to add to my list,
and I'm pretty bitter about that.
But we do have that great facts from Nadine
about Johnny Depp's victim.
And she said there were no pimples on it,
it's spread spread what you said.
Yeah, now maybe in his advanced age,
there might have been like,
there were water too.
Yeah, you're thinking about it,
but there might have been.
Which of these people is the biggest media horror?
The biggest attention seeker,
we put attention seeker is more like politically correct.
Horace on pretty drastic.
105 votes, Jesse Jackson 46,
Geralt over her at 20, outshrapped in 11.
Mark, I told you we need to put him on there.
Mark Garagot, six Johnny, cock ring, five.
Mr. Egos, Steve Keynes got five.
Nancy Grace, only four, Ellis Rubin, three,
and Coder, three, and Gloria, all red.
Has two all red.
Yeah, she makes me sick.
And she's always got that same red outfit on
that same look on her face like something smells bad.
She ought to be in a group in Massachusetts,
you know, the group were all upset
because something smells bad.
She always has that look that pinch nose
like it was something stinks in here.
Probably it's herself.
What's the name of that condition?
Again, I'm never going to remember that.
You expect me to dig through the garbage
to find that?
Look it up myself.
Multiple set up disorder.
Is that what I'm gonna ask disorder?
957 at 560 WQM, Mother's Day is coming up Sunday.
You mind of right spot or not?
No, I'm not.
See you, you know what?
I'm getting, no, because you got me so thrown off balance
here, I'm getting way ahead of myself.
I'm into 150 break.
Eight.
Yeah, I'm all the way back to the attend to two days
into 150 break.
Anyway, Mother's Day, just start to say,
is around the corner, so you can work out anything
on this show, no problem.
It's a perfect time to repay mom
who spent so many sleepless nights waiting for you
to come home from pouring around late at night.
Donald Matriss has the perfect mattress for mom.
If it's sagging, lumpier, just worn out,
you really should do the right thing.
And that is called our good friends,
like I always do at Donald Matriss, 1-800-M-T-T-R-E-S.
Donald Matriss has the complete line of serdo,
silly King Corlan Simmons, for you to choose from.
You sure don't want mom sleeping on something
that you wouldn't put your ass on,
so don't put it off any longer,
especially with Mother's Day coming up this Sunday.
Nothing's got a bigger impact on the way
a person feels than a great night's sleep.
So call 1-800-Matriss, and Donald Matriss has more
repeating referral customers than anybody
because they know how to give you great service
and treat your right.
I'll guarantee you I'll betcha a grade reads life on it
that once you buy a mattress and Donald Matriss,
you'll never go back to a showroom again.
And don't forget, when you buy a mattress and Donald Matriss,
they set up the new one and take away the crappy old bedding
for free, that's correct.
Donald Matriss sets up the new one,
takes away the old bedding for free.
So this Mother's Day have mom asleep
in like a baby on her new bed
from Donald Matriss, gift certificates available
all denominations too.
Call them today 1-800-M-T-T-R-E-S.
That's 1-800-Matriss for Donald Matriss,
the easy and smart way to get you a great night's sleep
for months and years to come.
I'm out of control.
This is sports where you'll fight to keep up.
You way, yeah.
Morning, we have mercilessly taken the following material
out of context without endorsement or permission
from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good
and decent look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we reach that goal, or at least make it a lot.
Teachers, families, and law enforcement,
we must aggressively promote drugs.
Illegal drugs.
Now, one of the things that in our strategy
that I hope you find interesting and is important
is that we're actually going to start targeting
people like pregnant moms and teenagers.
Right.
Right.
Make no mistake about it.
Is the central that our parents convince our children
to do their drugs and that's good parenting,
which is why without hesitation or apology,
the budget estimated to Congress calls for 19 tons of cocaine.
No, hands-if, or butts.
I like cocaine.
They God bless you all.
10-1 at 5-60, WDQ.
I'm happy Monday to you.
My must-see movie list that ain't growing.
All I've got is Donnie Brasco,
which I bought in Watch Last Night.
It was great.
I've born identity with Matt Damon.
Haven't walked today.
Bob Roberts, which I will get in Edward,
which is on VHS.
Seat.
And it's my list that they had none.
Anyway, here's our poll question.
They, which of these people is the biggest media attention
secret?
Jesse Jackson 54,
Haral 026, Al Sharpton 19.
I told you, Mr. Ego, Steve K9, Mark Garagos 7,
Johnny's Cochrane 5, Nancy Grayson and Coloreach have four,
Alice Rubin 3 and Gloria L. Red 2.
These people must not watch Larry.
There's nobody old enough to watch Larry.
No.
Mm-hmm.
Because he's got Nancy Grayson.
They're like every five minutes.
Every fifth demon, no matter what the topic is,
there's Nancy Grayson again.
And there's just something about her.
Is it only me?
Maybe it's only me.
But I see her and I get angry.
I get downright pissed off when I see her face.
She's just, she's always pissed off.
She's over the top hyperventilating melodramatic,
affected and full of crap.
But other than that, she's dynamite.
Yeah.
It's just annoying.
Ugly and has a ugly hair.
But I guess we don't have too many old ladies
listening to Marshall.
Because that must be who's watching Larry.
Uh-huh.
5670560,
pound 560 on EAT&T and horizon wireless line.
WQAM, hello.
QAM.
QAM.
Who was he dicking around 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10,
well I can tell this is going to be some week, you know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
You can know it.
Certainly, and you're right.
When I told you about the request for pages on our website,
we went way down over the weekend.
And spread out a hard ass work that, uh,
being a boy and I doing a weekend.
Because they're just born out on that stuff.
They just, uh, they want new play-to-ing now.
This, uh, that's the American public for you.
So if you, what is it?
Syria.
And that's what I'm talking about.
They don't care about Syria.
You're missing the point.
You're totally missing a bowl, mister.
So get one of your orders and hop back in your raft.
You missed the boat.
Speaking of being a boy, I said to George before the show and I'll say it again.
Even though it gets a lot of our macho guys in the audience very upset.
It's more that gay banter.
I don't really care whether you like it or not because it happens to be true.
Johnny Depp, who unfortunately or maybe fortunately, I don't know, but his career, and I
talked about this before, he played all these freaky characters, Edward Susserhands and all
these guys made up to look weird, you know?
Right.
But in terms of you, you show me a guy who looks great who should ought to be at the top
of that list.
You know, people magazine does that stupid list every year.
Right.
Best looking man in the world, Johnny Depp, he makes Brad Pitt look like Beenerboy.
Okay.
I can't.
I'm telling you right now.
See, Brad Pitt is like the rascal house of actors.
He is.
I mean, he was a good looking guy once upon a time.
He's kind of grim now, but he was a very good looking young guy.
But he just, you know, he's like the rascal house overrated.
But it becomes a state of mind.
So, you know, people, oh, if somebody wants to be food of a good looking guy, it's always
a Brad Pitt guy.
Brad Pitt guy.
See, even Jennifer got sucked in that.
So to speak, well, she always had good taste.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T.
In addition to which Brad Pitt is not a good actor, you haven't seen California yet.
Okay, but that's one.
Okay.
That's one.
I'm not saying he isn't capable of a good performance, but he's really not a very good
actor.
Johnny Depp, on the other hand, isn't outstanding actor.
Yes, he is.
He's excellent.
And he's very old.
WQA, I'm hello.
In the ARCA cast of Oak.
Yes.
I can't out of cast of Oak for that Reverend Jones guy.
Give me about.
Oh, God.
What do I tell you?
WQA, I'm hello.
Can't hear you, sir.
Hey, back with Mel Gibson.
Mel Gibson?
Yes.
Won't watch it.
No.
I'm going to let Michael Jackson miss that list of media horrors.
Yeah, that's true.
He ought to be there.
Okay, thanks.
We'll put him on there.
Don't you think?
Sure.
He ought to be on there.
And of course, he does it out of desperation.
No matter how outrageous the thing is, just like to hang in the kid over the edge of the
balcony in Germany, just to get the publicity because he thinks it's going to get his
name in there again, which is always worse.
And then he thinks it's going to sell him a lot of records, which that part isn't working
anymore.
So he's halfway right.
Michael Jackson, good choice, sir.
Does belong on the list.
I just, I won't watch him.
Mel Gibson movie.
Somebody else in that movie last night, we talked about this before the show in Donnie
Bransko was the little, what's his name?
The actor?
Oh, what?
Bruno Kirby, Bruno Kirby, who's a good actor.
He played young Clemenza in Godfather too.
He always plays that same kind of role because I guess he doesn't have to act.
He's just kind of like a goofy guy.
But in this movie, it was just too much like Joe Pescian and Goodfellas.
It was almost a carbon copy.
And here's the, here's the wise guy who's just kind of a goofy guy with a squeaky voice.
It was Joe Pesci all over again.
Now maybe again, that's just me.
Maybe I'm just being too critical.
You think?
Maybe I'm being a prick.
No.
But I thought he was like Joe Pesci Jr.
Does that amuse you?
He almost said that.
I don't know exactly what he said in one scene, but it was too much of a ripoff.
And I don't know why people do that.
You know, these guys that write the screenplays and these directors, why do they do that?
Why do people copy people?
Yeah.
I mean, one thing to copy somebody in a subtle way and use some nuances, but to use almost
verbatim.
I mean, and they talked about, if you watch the features on the DVD, the director was on
there and the guy wrote the screenplay and they talked about the fact that there was controversy
at the time where the writer released on a brass school because Goodfellas had just
come out too recently.
They were afraid that they couldn't match their success and it wasn't room for two similar
movies at the same time.
So, that being the case, why would you like rip off some of the things, lack of imagination?
Oh, at least you don't need to have all those zits like Ray Leota.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line.
QA and hello.
Yes, sir.
Is this Neil?
Sounds like Neil.
Okay, hey, long time, long time, listen, I was listening to you since when you were back on
the show.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
I was listening to you.
And five, six, oh.
WQA.
Coming up tonight,
an inside of behind the true Hollywood celebrity
music biography profile story.
If only he had been born into another time.
A time when his last name didn't mean Phalaescio.
He was Murray.
Head.
Well, before Murray was born,
we never got any stick about our surname.
Murray head's father will head no not a lick of trouble out of a head
But unfortunately young Murray grew up in a more cynical age
When nowadays he can't say head without thinking of a giant pulsing nail member being inserted into somebody's mouth. It was really hard
I mean it sucked
Even when Murray had tries to explain himself it gets ugly. I mean the toll that head takes on you
I mean it makes me wait, I'm under no time to say he's having head. It's exhausting.
So it was only fitting that Murray had one big hit should contain the word
f***ing in the title. Hell it had bang in it too.
I guess people could only accept me once I sang a song about a most decadent city in the world
where you can get my last name on any street corner for two bloody dollars.
Murray head about the only term we haven't used yet is good old oral sex.
It's a big juicy shopping went look at your business tonight on inside the mind.
If you blow too much you're in trouble.
There's a reason I played that and that's so that's thanks you just sent me.
Michael Jackson I thought we had an list being her boy.
Yeah, somebody just suggested that I don't see it on a list yet.
Now where our poll today is whatever you want it to be okay.
The best actor of all time most beautiful a female.
Johnny Depp's ass how many pimples will you send his ass?
Third man.
Okay a best actor of all time favorite one hit wonder which horse you think is going to win a Kentucky Derby if they run it again.
I love that I like this work just going in 80 million different directions as usual.
Which of the more so which of these people is the biggest media attention seeking a horror?
Michael Jackson will be on there believe me 203 votes.
Jesse Jackson 74.
Her order of her 39 Al Sharpton 34.
Steve Mr. Ego keen 10 and quarter nine Gloria all red nine Mark Garagose eight.
Johnny Cochrane eight Ellis Rubin six and anti grace only six every time we do one we put her on there for any reason she doesn't tell they don't know who that is I don't think.
So I guess they don't watch court TV or certainly not Larry.
No who the hell watches that on the age of 100.
So California you said I should put on my list.
The audience isn't helping me out too much that's California with a right okay put the also Rocco semi-affects is how about for your list the generic gambler morals are Bob Bennett but we won't put him on list but that article is great.
By the way what did you think of Pacino in heat didn't see it should I put that on my list?
No no it was okay I don't think you'd like it it's just mostly shoot him up and it was all over the place.
Okay I'll pass.
Can't tell you but I'll tell you Pacino is just spastic he's all over the place he's either great or he is awful so bad that it's scandalous.
And you know there must have been a great movie for it to be as much as good as I enjoyed it.
Yeah it was great because his performance was so bad but it still didn't detract and like I told you before to show and his only purpose really being there is in a beginning when he brought him up.
It brings Donnie Brasco into the mob as the informer which he doesn't know and then at the very end when he goes off to be wack because you know he's the one that brought in Johnny who turned out to be a stooly.
It was on his ass.
He was one huh?
So anyway this fact says how about Michael's expert days pull that's what I keep saying but but Carlos won't let they put it on there.
Sorry isn't that with the problem did you say SARS see there he goes again.
It's not even a lot of the clock how many times he say that already today.
Third man.
Most Pandorous radio in history this fact says was on WIOD this weekend playing by plain coverage of the air and sea show.
Are you smitten me it says listening to the planes fly overhead on on the radio WIOD.
Oh I hate that stage.
And believe me if anybody knows about WIOD we work there under two different owners and it's still sucks.
Speaking of Pandorous how do that skip Fridays post it they just don't get it.
Pandorous is a classic neilism it says here but it's not a drop in it's not just a expression it's part of a bit.
Part of that long Casey case and bit.
Also it says did you ever see the movie blow with Johnny Depp it's worth watching Depp is an excellent actor you're right about the last part but blow lived up to his name.
Didn't you think?
I didn't see it.
You didn't see blow?
No.
Don't.
Okay.
Save your eyesight.
I it blows.
At least that was my opinion I thought it sucked five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line after the show we're all going to meet it where used to be Dan Dowds there on four forty one.
We're all going to take a right up we're going to hop up on a big new cow.
At least it used to be there when you never ate a Dan Dowds huh.
No good.
That's why Georgia still around WQA and hello.
I think the meal speaking.
Oh no yes I am.
I have a good movie.
I have a lot of good movies but one that just came to mind.
I know you like it's called Memento with Guy Pierce.
Guy Pierce good movie really?
We're all good.
What's it about?
It's a psychological thriller.
He is in the beginning.
He started from the end and they go back and they kind of fold over.
And he loses his short term memory.
So basically you can't remember any conversation I'll ask over two minutes.
Kind of like me.
Anyways that one and another one.
It's not the best maybe George you heard of it.
You must see bully.
You want to own the DVD of bully so you have a free screen and rewind it there Neil.
Bullie?
Ask any uh... anyway.
It was taped in the...
It's about flesh.
That's not what it's about.
It just happens to have a lot of it.
Well if it's got a lot of flesh that's one and I want to watch.
It's the true story about high school kids who killed their friends over here locally in western or wherever it was.
Bobby Kent I knew one of the kids.
Really?
Yes.
Derek he played the... it was a fact kid.
He actually didn't kill him.
But he helped out him and murdered something in the body.
You aren't going to believe it but that movie is not in my book.
Next time you talk to Duff.
No it's too new.
Oh it's a new movie?
It was named 2000.
Right.
Yeah but this is a 2002 book but I guess it's too new for the Brits they haven't discovered it.
It's a five star and four hanky movie.
Really?
Yeah.
Yeah it's got a lot of flesh.
Alright I'm going to go out and get it today.
Okay Neil.
Thanks pal I see you.
Alright.
How come you never told me about this flip before?
I did.
And I said...
To you huh?
No I think you just forgot about it.
Stroke and Alzheimer's and all that.
I was getting ready to go see the movie Momento too but I forgot.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, ten.
So let's see I got the California Momento and bully.
You think I'm going to find bully?
Possibly.
It should be out already.
On DVD.
Well during the break I'll find out.
I'll go on Amazon.com.
What?
Even though California is a real movie, a good movie, big budget and definitely a good...
I would probably watch bully first before any of the other ones just because.
And then maybe a second or third time.
Right yeah.
Okay.
WQA Am Hello.
Hola.
Nobody there.
WQA Am Hello.
Hey how are you doing now?
Okay.
I'm Rick Sanchez.
Find Neil.
Okay.
Hmm.
Five, six, seven, oh five, six, ten.
Pound five, six, ten.
The audio AT&T.
And Verizon Wireless Lime.
We're not talking about somebody that works in the media that's on the news all the time or that's on your TV because they're getting paid to be there.
We're not talking about that.
Do they understand the poll?
No.
They ever understand the poll.
Once in a blue moon.
Once in a great while.
See I think what they...
We much just do that every day, you know, who don't you like?
That's not for a...
Who do you hate?
That's for a...
That poll...
I always use a huge response.
I don't know if you're asking what...
What's your problem once but...
Is he interrupting again Carlos?
Boy, you're...
He just...
Like motor mouth today.
He just worked up into a frenzy since I mentioned bully.
Must be pretty good.
Yeah.
WQA Am Hello.
Hi.
Yes sir.
Yeah.
Four years out on DVD.
I bought it locally.
It's fantastic.
All right.
Yeah.
You're going to love it.
And the Mendo is really a fabulous film too.
That guy knew what he was talking about.
Okay.
Well, let's...
And culture.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thanks.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Keep him coming folks.
Keep him coming.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 60.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 60.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 60.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 60.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 60.
No.
We need more.
Maybe you're just not doing that good of a job like we thought you were doing on that website.
I thought it was pretty spiffy.
Huh?
Let's be.
Maybe you better get some tips for Miss Fudge.
I mean...
26 past 10...
at 5, 60...
Don't forget about that.
I'm not going to do that today.
All of these out of the go.
Wait till tomorrow until he's in the studio so we get a nice crisp clean cut on that.
Let me tell you something that's crisp and delicious and that's those new low-carb rackets chips.
It's the lights of Westboker.
What a segue.
Can a man do it or what?
Even my old daughtering age and my momento a mind.
He lights his your superstar for the Atkins and all the other low-carb sugar-free diets.
And they're introducing right now.
They're all new almond snack cakes by control carb.
They come in blueberry, of an aneuroplastic almond.
Each one is only one effective gram of carbs, preserving.
Or sample the lights new chocolate raspberry muffins with only one gram of carbs.
And like I said, if you want something crunchy and really great tasting, try one of the three new flavors of low-carb rackets chips.
So whether it's carbolite, ice cream, bread, roll, cheesecake, chocolates, pasta and sauces,
or any other 600 low-carb foods the lights of Westboker is the place you can always try it before you buy it.
They got an eligible staff that knows they're dieting inside and out there open every day, seven days a week, 10-10.
And they create the most complete line of Atkins brand products in the world that are always 25% off all day every day.
The Atkins diet is rated way at the top of the list.
So head for the number one low-carb sugar-free store around.
The lights of Westboker on the northeast corner of Glades in 441 right next door to Boston Market or Column Tool-free,
1-877 Low Carb or check them out on that wicked worldwide web at lowcarb.com.
Don't forget there's only one the lights of Westboker.
It's your official Atkins retail center.
My, my, and low-colds.
This is sports radio 560.
Way, way, yeah.
The asshole.
Introducing a medication that targets my grain pain where it starts.
Actually changing the way the nerve functions.
Stop it, stop it, stop it.
The pain.
Dead in its tracks.
Ask your doctor about new chisellumine ophthalmphetahydrosopropensitrinamine diaseoprophenodoxalan tripe in prosupa HC.
Chisellumine ophthalmphetahydrosopropensitrinamine diaseoprophenodoxalan prosupa HC.
Contains citrine diaxoprene dielitamine.
The most powerful medication you can buy.
So when my grain pain strikes.
Reach for new chisellumine ophthalmphetahydrosopropensitrinamine diaseoprophenodoxalan tripe in prosupa HC.
Warning.
If you're currently taking any medication containing ultramuslanamondyphine or minnus prosolum hydricontrabilam,
it's recommended that you do not take chisellumine ophthalmphetahydrosopropensitrinamine diaseoprophenodoxalan tripe in prosupa HC.
Ask for it.
My name.
What is it again?
1031 at 560 at WQM Happy Monday 2.
We got the mad dog and Hank, both from the dolphin golf tournament today,
which is really going to be exciting.
Hurricane hotline at 7 with whoever's on it.
I guess this is a gachymeister.
And whoever.
The big O!
From 8 to 10, 8K 10 to 2 in Joanne Mark overnight.
No games today.
Marlins lose just about every day lately.
But they'll be back in town against a giant storm tomorrow night.
The United States has the lack of funding for police and restrictive privacy legislation
in Canada are frustrating probes of political extremists.
The comments in an annual report on international terrorism with the latest critical remarks
from the U.S. apparently ended prodding Canada to bring its security measures in line, eh?
The State Department report on global terrorism for 2002 suggests that while Canada has been helpful in the fight against terrorism,
it doesn't spend enough on policing and places too much emphasis on civil liberties.
That's the operative line, places too much emphasis on civil liberties.
And of course they were foaming at the mouth.
The start we had on our website over the weekend,
pot plan putts U.S. noses out of joint.
Trade at risk warns Drugs are as the threats continue coming across the border boys and girls.
There's one right there just came into my window.
Welcome to the latest flashpoint in Canada, U.S. relations one that has nothing to do with regime change or war
and everything to do with pot.
John Walters,
the drugs are of the U.S. and the liberal government hasn't done its homework in Canada and studying debt and to justify the
decriminalization of marijuana and accused auto of allowing poison to be shipped to his country.
You ready for that?
Mm-hmm.
He implied the Cretch and Liberals were naive and have no plans to deal with the explosion of high potency pot,
which he called the crack co-cantomerowana, being grown in British Columbia, Manitoba, Quebec, and Ontario, eh?
Really?
U.S. threat is clear if Cretch and doesn't blink, the U.S. will have to slow down the movement of goods across the border.
Walters set a flood of Canadian pot moving south becomes an American problem, meaning increased border patrols.
We expect your friends to stop the movement of poison to your neighborhood, Walters said, and that's what's going on here for sending toxic substances to your young people.
You'd be and should be upset.
In short, Canada is being seen in some quarters here as a pot crazed irresponsible nation living in the late 60s.
It's his first worst soft on Saddam, now we're soft on pot.
Canada officials privately believe it's Washington that stuck in a time warp taking the world back to an earlier area, era of Reefer Madness.
Right on target, A.
Yeah, Reefer Madness, country living in the Stone Age, too many civil liberties.
We don't like that decriminalizing a pot, you're going to be shipping poison across the borders.
And on and on a co-zone, a public is out there, blah blah blah, like that.
Don't confuse them with the facts. 56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, we're doing screen listed.
And there's one call, one line. What does that tell you?
Yeah, I told you we reach that point on Friday. We reach the demarcation point again.
We hopped over it for a couple of months, very nicely, and now we're up against the wall again with a soft foot of crowd, such as it is.
WQM. I say your ponse. What is it? What was he babbling about?
Pound 560. Oh, or that was me. No, that was him. That's what he was saying.
Okay. WQM. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Yeah, I just tuned in. I don't know if you spoke about it yet. How about that news about Bill Bennett?
What news is that? You didn't hear about that? You know, the gambling problem in the fact they lost $8 million that I just talked about 10 minutes ago.
I just tuned in. I'm sorry. I didn't hear. I just. It's amazing. There's another moralist for us. That's what I said. Okay. Thank you.
And President Lincoln still got a bad headache. Next to where I'm here and up here could be more misinformation.
Five. Well, you find out on the Miss Fudge report. Five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line WQM. Hello.
Q. I. M. Well, these people are brutal today. WQM. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, is this George? Yeah.
Yeah, George, I want to let you know that the voice that you guys got over there. The one that says get off your duff. That is Ben Stein.
God, God, this incident. It is. Yes, it is. Yes, it is. That's Ben Stein. That's a clip from an old, hokey commercial that we did about in our financial institution.
Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the bad news. Thanks a lot. I got to like Ben Stein. I can't stand it. God, God, this instant right wing self-hating Jew with a lot of money and runs around.
Now, when Ben Stein's money, I hate that. You know, oh, look at all the money I got. Would you like to win some of it? No, stick it up your ass, Ben. Can't stand him.
Is that show still on? I hope not. I don't know. No, that's probably on the game through channel. When Ben Stein's money. Hey, up your ass, Ben.
So there you go. And of course, Ken Walden, Ben Stein. Have you seen the two of them together? I got this instant.
What do I tell you? Oh, no, that's Ken. Doesn't sound anything like Ken. I think you will Ken Walden apology. I mean, putting him in the same category with Ben Stein.
Next, you'll be comparing him like a Frank N Stein. You know what? Ken, come in and slap on the side of the head once. Thank you.
Come in to QA and hello. I'm going to bring him like a Frank N Stein. QA and Hola. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. Neil, the screenless throws me off. I'm trying to listen to the show all the phone. That's okay.
Hey, I tune in this weekend to your radio station there are so called radio station. I guess when it comes to the weekend.
And I guess they're playing ESPN radio down from the weekend. Yes, chief. Right. All right. Well, not only that, but I mean, all their donors every advertisement break and they can't generate any of their own advertisements.
They're playing the ESPN spot promoting another radio station for the week parts. I mean, you know what I'm saying? It's making no sense.
What station is that on your radio station? Maybe I'm a few less bombies. I know ESPN has ESPN radio up here. Yeah. And I'm wondering why the hell you guys would be playing ESPN radio weekend when they're promoting their ESPN weekly line because it's because it's not because it's not in the same market. That's why.
I know that I know that because I used to work in Palm Beach 100 years ago. I know that it's just a constant, ever going thing that you people in live in Palm Beach think we're in the same market, but we're not.
I guess the Palm Beach radio came out today. Usually you pretty well. No, no, we'll find out. Excellent. You're going to raise on the air. Don't you do it? No, we don't we don't get them unless somebody faxes it to us. I got you. So if you get long, hold on.
How long you just smash the mediocre midday? I'll be okay. Thanks a lot, Palli. What do you say? I don't know. 5 6 7 0 5 60. I mean, you know, it's one thing to be, you know, and the guy means well. He wants us to do well, which is great. I'm not knocking him, but it's just don't get so carried away about the internet scene workings of QA, especially on a weekend when nobody's listening anyway.
I mean, you can't complain about our weekend ratings on QA because basically we don't have any. The weekend is a throw away. We like trade it out. We give a few hours to mad dog to make a few bucks on Sunday and we give a few hours to this one. We put Joe Rose on air just to keep him happy, you know, just to keep him on a radio.
Just warming him up for the day when it comes into go back in the morning show and that said and the rest of the weekend and of course I left out of your good coach, close friend, Joe Castello. How could you?
Because I'm not into that auto racing stuff and then the golf show on Saturday morning. You know, it's, it is what it is. The weekend on any radio station when you come right down to when I used to think I know this is silly.
Because I've only been in a business about 150 years or at least 30,000. Yeah, but I used to think the weekend was like an image builder for radio stations because on a weekend, a lot of people listen who work during the week or go to school during the weekend. They listen to different day parts that they can't hear during the week. It should be put something good on in the weekend. They'll attract people during the week. You know, you think it like a programmer. I see.
And of course there are two reasons that it doesn't happen is number one, it makes too much sense and number two, it costs money. I mean, most stations going to pay anybody decent to work on a weekend. We got enough stations won't pay anybody good to work during the week. So forget about the weekend. Forget about it. Oh, it's big and I forget about it. You know, it's really interesting to meet a lot of you soprano people have to mention any names here, but a lot of you soprano fans. I mean, talk about our rip off. How would you know? How would I know what that's the surprise?
The frownals is a rip off of anything. They don't say forget about it on that show. Not as a rule. Get out of here. On the sopranos, they don't use that line. Forget about it. Not really.
Vina boys, he telling the truth through right here. The sounds of your crossing your fingers and legs and eyes. I don't know. I don't want the frownals. No, I don't either. Somebody will call in. Somebody will bring you out of the closet.
He's a frownal rip off. The sopranos is not a rip off of Donnie Brasco. That's what you're trying to do. I didn't I'm talking about a line online. Don't get all the fence. It now about the sopranos. Even though I don't like it. I'm not going to watch it. But that line, they stole they stole a line. Forget about it.
In fact, most people when they use that line, most people I know they they they're doing a sopranos thing. Not found a brass go. I thought they were doing Donnie Brasco. Yeah, right. Forget about it.
Okay. We don't want to be four 11 and five 60 that's a great scene where he's explained it to the two FBI guys. He's lying on the couch. He's explaining what it means. Forget about it. We don't get this. He's ready to not move. Johnny Depp. He's our kind of guy. Maybe I don't care what all you other people say. You're full of crap. Okay. Don't be picking on Johnny.
Even though River Pena has died of that that lounges his out on the West Coast for years ago. And he just got closed out of getting a Hollywood. California that is. Forget about it. Yeah, forget about it. Johnny.
1041 a Q.A.M. Hey, let me tell you right now if your carpets look like forget about it. Here's the answer. Don't forget about it. Call dry concepts because that's their trick. They make your carpets look brand new. Even if they're old and smelly and nasty. They're drying just a couple of hours. They look like brand new. They smell.
They smell like a little bit of fresh when they get done and you'll be a happy camper. I guarantee it. In fact, I'll bet everybody in the building down there's life on it right now that once you use dry concepts, you'd never dream of using anybody else or getting your carpets cleaned any other way because there's nobody away in the world. And not only your carpets, but your draper, your expensive area, rugs, your oriental rugs, your furniture, your pulse, we had said all of these things. If you have problems with pet orders of mildewolders caused by water damage, dry concepts will wave their magic wand and make them just disappear. So if you really want us to append this job at a guaranteed written price upfront before they start doing the work.
Just call the professionals that drive concepts tool free 1-800-248-5071. I've been using them for over 20 years in my house. You ought to be doing the same. 1-800-248-5071 or log onto their website at dryconcept.com. Don't forget when you call dry concepts, you can clean today and entertain tonight.
My life and love is this is for 2560. We can win.
Oh, well, talk about the original juice, man. This is one fact you send me. This has got to be from somebody that ate too much matsu brai over the past over holiday.
This is a crazy person. It says Neil Howard Dean doesn't stand a chance. The Democrats will nominate Joe Lieberman who may win if he can come up with a rational plan to a group of jobs situation.
Who may win? Joe Lieberman, okay? I mean, what is this? What kind of drugs is this guy?
Now it's just in the words of Bill Bennett, you can bet on it. They will nominate Joe Lieberman. I take it right now. I will bet everybody's life in the world on it.
They will not nominate Joe Lieberman. The Democrats do have a death wish, but not that extreme of a death wish.
I don't know about that. Trust me. In fact, this thing in Georgia and Albany, Georgia that I read the story on Friday about the white prom.
I know you're not going to be. Yeah, sorry, Port, but go ahead. And what did they say? Well, they were interviewing one of the one of the planners, one of the student planners for it.
And his quote was, well, they're going to lead black people catering it. So it's not like it's a right.
Yeah, I saw that. Right. It's like saying, well, we got black people as made. So what's wrong with that? How can you say we're right?
We got a black guy driving the bus. So why the hell are not stick to rest them in the back? I mean, what kind of crap is that?
But that's my point. You see, you people out there who really believe who are deluded and demented and irrational enough to believe that this tremendous change is taking place in America.
And that Mississippi and the Carolinas and Georgia and all these other places in the eats out and much of the rest of the country too, including a lot of them in West, are so liberal now and so broad-minded and so progressive and so unpleasured is.
And what the hell are you talking about? If Jew Lieberman wouldn't have been on a ballot with Al Gore last time in 2000, grow it one by so much that they couldn't have fixed the election.
And then you almost never I'm the only one in this country that I know of who actually has the chutzpah in the honesty to tell you that that's the truth.
Take a look at that electoral map again at the red states and the blue states, huh? Right. And you'll discover that in the rural states, man, the Yahoo nose picking right wing Bible thump in states, some of which were nearly, you know, grow it ahead of chance at had no chance.
You called it from the start. If you think that people who are narrow minded big and not only that, but you're not just talking about a Jew on a ballot who was a heartbeat away from the presidency, you're talking about an orthodox Jew. He was almost enough to chase me to hell away.
This is a man who wears his religion on his sleeve. This is a man who's a right wing piece of crap. This is a man who's more militant of a hawk than the chicken ox that running the country right now. And we're going to put him in there. I don't think so.
But the Democrats always find a way to do this. Whether it was Michael do caucus, who was tough on crime, but against capital punishment. And he laughed them off the stage practically. And then, of course, who do we put on there with with water, Mondale Geraldine Ferraro? Who not only was a woman, but had the a vowel at the end of her name? She had a vowel movement.
Remember all those suspicions about her fair about her husband and those strange dealings, uh, speaking about Donnie Brasco.
The Democratic Party has a death wish. Make no mistake about they had the ability to grasp the feet from the jaws of victory better than any political party or any movement in the history of mankind. I really believe that.
They put in people who are guaranteed to lose, guaranteed to lose couldn't win a fixed election.
Here's a good fact from K.R. right on target. How could we have left out two of them? What one of he doesn't mention?
Is this how can you leave out the disgusting or a jury fall while who would practically blow someone in a parking lot for a few minutes of air time?
I remember seeing him on CNN after NASA found the fossilized bacteria from Mars a few years ago. What does this man know about science to come in on fossils?
The theory was on TV spreading ignorance and being taken seriously. We're gonna put jury fall while Ann Pat Robertson on there.
Beener Boy. I want to change my vote.
Now this is a tough poll today. 270 vote. Not that inspirational to be honest with all the way. It is a Monday. It's a deadly Monday. Obviously.
Michael Jackson and Mark Garagos and Ellis Rubin each have eight during last place. But let's get the jury fall on Pat Robertson.
Also K.R. says if you can get managed to say where you dredge packing it will be the single greatest drop in history of radio number one with twenty bullets.
I don't like that. I'm with you K.R. We'll have it on there this week sometime. I would say by Wednesday when you absolutely.
And how many times today we're gonna play at least. Here's a great fact that says Mr. Neil remember when you were watching bully.
This was based on a true story. The version I saw in cable had plenty of full-fretled pubic hair nudity and sexual scene.
All right. Although much more female than male. All right. It's it. I guess they can tell which one is coming from which but.
It seems the only two things these kids had an interest in was surfing and biking. That sounds good to me.
Yeah. Yeah.
Since these kids were in a high school it follows that the movie is depicting miners having sex.
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, right. And judging by the small titties on the main character.
It says I give this movie a giant thumbs up. It says our Palm Beach Strubble maker. Excellent facts. Thank you so much. Back to you.
Of course all the actors are eighteen and I see. So was a true story right. And it happened there.
Right. And Rachel minor the lead female. She was a minor down.
I believe that's McCullochon's ex girlfriend or one of them. I had a mouthful of soda when you said that.
I'm a spirit out over the whole damn room. I don't know why. McCullochon leaves me sulking man.
Well, here's something. Huh? Balkan. Now there's something bizarre about that kid.
Am I right? Is this thing stuck this pool? Oh. No, because I'm refreshing. Nothing to say.
I think there's something happening on our website. You think that's true Carlos? Am I just hallucinating?
Yeah. That's working over here. How many votes you got? I'm refreshing 270.
Okay. I guess it's just sitting there. They're just sitting on it.
Yeah. McCullochon. And even even he got married. He was about ten years old. He got married just to prove the Michael Jackson didn't convert him.
I guess that was her. That was his wife or ex wife. Oh, no. Who's in that movie? She's not.
And he still looks the same now. He still looks like that same little Martian kid that he used to look like when he was a punk.
WQA. Am hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, you pick me up cold. Yes. That's how we're doing. And now Beener Boy doesn't get paid enough to answer the phone.
Oh, I see. I see. Marie. Go. Hmm. 5 6 7 0 5 60. By the way, they're very weak on a pool on Friday.
The audience is rebelling against you. They think you suck. WQA. Am hello.
Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, bro? How you doing? All right. You are totally right. When our board signed Julie Roman to get on the ticket.
That was his deathboard. He can see it in the feed right there. Right. The other thing. The soprano. They don't say forget about it a lot.
The one thing that they do say a lot is my don't. I think they're like talking about the version. My own. My own. And I clearly.
They are including the famous Spanish phrase. Neil, somebody say what? Something something dirty. 5 6 7 0 5 60 not a call on the board. Now what just happened there?
Do you see something strange happen or no? Huh? They just ran out. It was going too good. They just ran out of material.
I was not going too good. It was going. OK. We had a run there for a while. Did we have anybody call us out the Dixie Church last night?
No. No. No. No. I already mentioned that they had the over 15,000 in Macarena. Only one protester who protested by wearing a t-shirt with a message.
But other net. No protest. No problem. So again, it's the media in conjunction with the chicken hocks now. The media continue putting out these messages and very dutifully reporting whatever you want.
I will watch them anymore. I will not watch CNN or MSNBC. In fact, the proof of it. The kind of mixed messages we've had.
See, there's the CBC right there. I just won't watch it because it's not news anymore. It's propaganda. Right.
And when they're finished with the propaganda and another puff story about, hey, here's pictures of the soldier coming back with his wife and his little baby.
And here's then we go to the latest story on Scott Peterson and Mark Uregos.
I'm serious. That line. The media is sick and eats health badly. That never have to have been spoken. Tammy Faye.
That should make a what's his name happy? Freaky Carlos. Come into Q.A.M. Hello. Come into Q.A.M. Hello.
I got a great idea for a poll. We hate more than George. Away.
Come into Q.A.M. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. If the cop man, you're so far behind, it's embarrassing. And by the way, President Washington just chopped out another cherry tree.
This is when if Bush drops chaining ads, Giuliani, to us Democrats, and a chance, he says, no, I don't think so.
Well, that kind of negativity, Dave, is only going to get you, you know, 20 years in the slamer.
Don't start thinking negative. Okay. Think positive. Think how we're dean. Think Bob Graham. Think Alan Burke. Somebody positive.
Instead of this defeatist attitude, the goddamn Democrats, man, when are you people going to wake up and start sniffing it? Yeah, sniff it.
Even if you had that multiple sniff, sniff,ology or whatever that thing is complex. WQ.A.M. Hello. Q.A.M. Hello.
Yeah, I'd like to have a name to the poll. Go ahead. George W. Bush.
Oh, God. How could so many boring people be in one place? Gravity. Wow.
What I tell you, don't put people on over the age of 100. Did I say that being a boy? How are you doing that? Yeah.
See, said again, SARS. We just won't leave our fine city alone here. Where do you haven't done enough damage yet?
Every time he gets a chance, SARS. Sublivable. Which of these people is the biggest media attention seeking horror? We asked.
See, the poll is stuck. I have to break the news to you. There's no way that there's no more votes coming on that thing.
It's just locked at 270. The poll is not going through. You think that at five minutes there wasn't one more vote? No.
I don't want to start picking on Eric again, but your website is having some real problems up there, Mr. Fatt. I mean, Mr. Mood, Mr. or whatever you are.
Would you agree? Yeah, there's something wrong. There's something wrong. We have thousands of people out there who are desperate flocking to their web to their computers.
Not still stuck there. Oh my god. Like I said, I'm going back to bed about 10, 57 at 560 QM and Bob Eisenberg didn't even spot it.
What I said this morning about my good friends Tom Laman and Joe Prieto didn't even spot it. No. No.
You're just like the rest of Bob, just like another loser in that sales department. Bob Eisenberger guy who's dead by bad hair piece.
Don't even appreciate the fact that we turned him out of Chuck Alfier and got him looking a little bit better, which in his case is a lot better.
Anyway, they got some special Neil Deals waiting for it. Howl at Pontiac GMC. Neil Deal number one gets 0% financing for 60 months and every Pontiac or GMC in stock.
Neil Deal number two gets you up to a $4,000 rebate on every single new GMC in Pontiac in stock.
And Neil Deal number three, if you're currently a GM smart, Lisa smart by customer and you drive a Chevy Blazer and old Bravo or GMC Jimmy by or Lisa.
And it's a new Pontiac or GMC and gets yourself an extra $1,000 off the price. And while you're at Haled Pontiac, be sure to trust.
Drive the all new exciting and powerful Pontiac Grand Prix. Haled Pontiac GMC, they've been doing people right for over 35 years.
And at same sensational location, 134 or one South Pixie highway that's US one across from the falls open every day seven days a week.
If you want more information on these Neil Deals called the Neil Deal hotline makes sense to me, 1,883, 4,4,2,11.
1,883, 4,4,1,882, don't forget all Neil Deals are subject to credit. Approval CD, afford details.
And please keep in mind what Bob Eisberg always says. Haled Pontiac GMC is professional grace.
By the local, this is 560, the radio is on your top.
You am.
A lollipop little boy.
Little did it about who they and who say to a rackey brother's growing up in the rackey land.
Who say, just bump off his dad said, God says, who day your mob says to me with your women and cars.
Who says it's back collection starts for the moment thinks about his group is missing his country's machine.
Well, you know who day we are to run off to the mass. Who they say, who say that's a good place to be saying.
Oh yeah, all I've been through a zone long after the thrill of their punk with bombs.
Oh yeah, all I've been through a zone. Even yet, from now, they'll wonder where we have gone.
Living in a rack, that's the whole.
But what bound to leave were war criminals. Holding onto this regime as long as we care.
Where who they could say and where most wanted them.
Little did it about who they and who say to a rackey brother's growing up in the rackey land.
That's the one we're getting lucky.
11.02.560.
So then Samuel's breathlessly emails.
May she says, be sure.
Oh yes, get bully.
Oh yeah.
She says it is on DVD. Make sure you get the duty version. I think there might be a clean version too.
You might also like kids by the same director, but you will love bully.
And then she sends me a website pavement magazine.com that director doesn't make a movie where he doesn't show a lot of teen flush.
Really, really.
How can you wait this long? Tell me about it.
I told you about it before.
Pavement magazine.com slash Larry Clark dot HTML.
A website with photos by bully director Larry Clark.
I'm going to have to check that out during the break.
Thanks, Lynn.
Now we're getting the important stuff.
I noticed that our poll is loosening up a little.
Do we know what the problem was?
Yeah, he oh, we ran out of this space.
It's taking care of.
We ran out of this space and that space.
And this and that.
At a time when we're getting some heavy-duty woolly bully stuff here.
That's what the problem was.
Aha.
I knew it couldn't be our audience.
You see, this is what happens when you're dealing with a guy that's a fat tub.
Now, what are you chocolate about?
You love what I represent.
Don't you just you guys love it?
It's Carlos laughing and something.
You see, Eric is a very sensitive guy and he takes this very seriously.
It's a labor of love in your Raj's website, which he started for.
He didn't really start it, but he picked up the he picked up the marbles when that Julio got deported.
What was his name?
Juan Julio.
Was it Julio?
Yeah.
Boy, a lot of Julio is running around and so forth.
I'll tell you that.
Really.
So anyway, this business that you get this war going on, if the audience had any idea of this, this not just,
not just a confrontation, but this like psychotic battle.
It's like war without bullets, man.
It's the next best thing.
The next worst thing.
And so we were running out of this space and see, I look at the website of the weekend thinking,
what the hell happened to us?
What is it we've been going up and up and up like like Dave Vowell, what's his name?
We'd say with the bad hair piece up up and away.
Dave Ann Boring on a Marlon games.
God, he's awful.
And now we were running out of this space so that now, what does that really do?
Mr. Computer Expert.
What does that really do?
It lets us not add anything, get any hits.
Let people even vote.
Oh, my God.
He took care of it quickly.
Yeah, he took care of it real fast if he knows what's good for him.
Damn right.
After all the grief he caused us a few months ago.
Damn right, you better get that axe straightened out there in Orlando.
We're going to take away some of them breakfasts, the breakfasts.
You're doing okay Eric.
Don't take it, Brian.
Don't call, I ain't.
Don't call Carlos and start fishing at him.
Okay, he can't handle it anymore.
Says one more call is going to put him over the edge.
Let's see how long.
How many seconds do you think before it starts raining?
About 30 minutes.
We got how many votes are out to about 300 now?
Now they're cranking in 298.
See, I told you, which of these people is the biggest media attention seeking horror?
Jesse Jackson 95, L-Sharp in 57, Herado 56.
Nancy Grace is moving up to 15.
Good.
Pick on that bitch.
Johnny Coquing and Anne Coder 13.
Haven't seen Johnny Coquing that much lately though.
Not that I'm complaining.
Have you noticed that?
Between episodes.
Nice to.
Johnny Coquing and Anne Coder 13 of these.
Steve Cain, Mr. Ego 11.
Gloria All-Red and Michael Jackson, you two have ten.
Which is interesting because wasn't she representing that kid in the beginning?
Yep.
The one that Michael Jackson allegedly paid millions to the family to let go of shut up and go away?
Correct.
If they shut your mouth, I open up mine but shut your mouth.
Mark Garagos 9, Ellis Rubin 9, Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell just just went up on air and they'll start moving up the letter.
Mark my words on that.
Furman Florida election, Fiasco earns millions from files on foreigners.
Oh, not more fallout from that 2000 crooked election.
Is there?
Yes.
A data gathering company that was in world and a Florida 2000 election, Fiasco, is being paid millions of dollars by the Bush administration to collect detailed personal information on the populations of foreign countries in raging several governments who say the records may have been illegally obtained.
The data gathering company that was involved in the Florida election.
US government purchasing documents show that the company, Choice Point, received at least $11 million from the Department of Justice last year to supply data mainly on Latin Americans.
You guys ready?
Mm-hmm.
That included names and addresses, occupations, dates of birth, passport numbers and physical description, I think even including penis, size, shape and width.
Even tax records and blood groups are reportedly included.
Nikadaiwan police separated two, I like the way I said that.
That was good.
I could be doing news in South Florida.
Nikadaiwan police separated two offices suspected of providing the information.
The revelations threatened to shatter public trust in electoral institutions, especially in Mexico, where the government has begun investigation.
The controversy is not the first to engulf Choice Point.
The company subsidiary, database technologies, was responsible for bungling and overhaul of Florida's voter registration records, where the result that thousands of people disproportionately black were disenfranchised in the 2000 election.
Had they been able to vote, they might have swung the state and thus the presidency for Al Gore who lost in Florida as we know by a few hundred votes.
Legal experts in U.S. and Mexico said Choice Point could be liable for prosecution if those who supplied it with the personal information could be proven to have broken local laws that raises the possibility that any person whose data was accessible to American officials could take legal action against the U.S. government.
Oh!
Good soon for billions, okay.
Oh, that's right. We're going to have to pay through our tax.
Like I said, don't get too pissed off.
Just the spit on them. That's all.
Give them one of those.
How do you like that?
And we got these idiots out there.
See, it doesn't make any difference until you were four.
Whether you were for Gore, whether you were for Bush, whether you were for Native, whether you said the hell of all of them.
That's not the point.
The point is always screaming about these banana republics and all these fixed elections.
And we had one of the worst ones the smelliest.
In fact, even in that place in Massachusetts in shapesville or whatever that place was.
And sharpers down.
They can smell that aroma. They're pretty pissed off.
In fact, they're all racing for the back row right now.
WDQA Am, hello.
Yeah, have a sauce ball.
WDQA Am, hello.
Hello, Neil.
Woody, by the way, everybody hates you like boys.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. I had an incident.
I got two for your poll.
Yeah.
Ray Martinez and Chris Bush.
5670560, pound 5660 on the AT&T in Verizon, Marvel's line.
Not getting too many movies for my list and I thought I was going to be spending fortunes on DVDs.
Although, you know, Al Pacino in that movie probably was spending fortunes on DVDs if he was doing this pants.
Would have kept saying, how many times you say that in a movie?
I think I smit my pants. He said that often.
That was cute.
Here's a fact from Bill and Miami says, I can't get you on a phone.
I can't get you on a phone.
I thought I would send you a fact to confirm your suspicions on the poll.
It's stuck. I've been trying to cast my vote for 20 minutes now.
In fact, maybe more like not 20 minutes, but...
I thought, third man.
And nothing. Well, we got it straightened out.
Okay, Bill. So just calm down because I can see the anger, the fury, the desperation racing from the pages into my eyes.
So Jesse, the extortionist Jackson gets my vote that guy would step on top of a newborn child to get to a camera.
Even if it was his, one of his illegitimate ones.
You notice how that kind of like just disappeared? Yeah.
Another one of these reverents. He can look kind of the build-bendet of religion.
Yeah. Jesse Jackson was his illegitimate kid.
Oh, well, you know, the super moralist is always pointing the finger.
And now we got that pool crank and we ran out of this space on here in that's brand.
How does that happen, Carlos? I don't want you to pick on Eric because I'm sure it was just an accident.
Unless you want to. How does that happen?
Yeah. All the other people on the website.
How are you that careless when running out of this space?
I mean, is that something that you can see? How much you got left?
So, now don't, don't equivocate. I want to know. I'm just answered that. How does that happen?
Is that an oversight? Is that like a schlock?
I might have been. I've overlooked it.
Yeah. Well, maybe you couldn't see over his public. Maybe that's the problem.
Sometimes it's hard to see over that gigantic bulge.
11 past 11. So, what's that movie? I'm going to go out bully. Bullie.
Mmm. I may be watching that this afternoon. You know, how do you grow the bell's favorite movie?
You know, talk is cheap. It's easy to throw around a lot of really appealing little numbers.
But when it comes right down to it, what can you really get refinanced at?
5% 4% maybe.
Forget about that. How about 2.45% with financial group? That's right.
With interest rates at 2.45% it really is your best bet and it's rock solid.
Call financial group now at 1-800-940-Lin. That's financial group at 1-800-940-Lin.
Interest rates are at all time lows. Why not refinance your home or buy a new home and take advantage of a sure thing?
2.45% financing with financial group. What will 2.45% financing do to those monthly payments years?
I'm glad you asked because here's the answer. If you have a $200,000 loan, you pay only $70,000-6 a month.
If you have a $100,000 loan, your payments are only $393 a month.
So, get yourself 2.45% financing from the financial group. Call them tool free. There's no obligation. They'll explain it to you.
Call 1-800-940-Lin. That's financial group at 1-800-940-Lin.
There's an equal housing lender. Credit restrictions apply. Rates are subject to change monthly 5.34 APR.
We're supporting you 5.60-UAM.
From much up here, but not paying off.
Congratulations. Get a life.
And that's how our language lesson of the day.
Repeat after me. Estonoccia. Stop a funtastico.
Oh, Tango La Infirmidad de Peine. Which means last night was great.
Oh, I have Climidia, Hostel Ambigol.
Let me pick the unhappy Cinco de Mayo to our veners out there. How many do you think we have?
5.30-Man!
5.670-560-Pound 5.60. This is some incredible news where you were
aware that the anxious Justin Tinkerbell was a mouse queitier along with Britney Spears and Christine Aguilar
and the early 90s. Hey, Justin!
Bye, bye, bye!
We still hate you like Poison. How do you like that?
We nauseated by you. I think he's a vanishing indeed.
Yeah. He's part of a vanishing breed and we're delighted.
Here's the fact that says I nominate the following two is the ultimate media horrors.
Michael Jordan and Madonna.
And you say whatever they don't compare to any of these people.
I think I think I have a different playing field. You know, I mean they're both all over the place but just not in the same way.
But Madonna is just a whore as opposed to a media horrors.
I see. And Michael?
Michael, Michael Motorcycle. See, I'm not crazy about people like on our station.
It's always Michael. You know what he has one name?
Well, Michael, Liz and Michael, and Tiger, there's a hell with that. You know, and I put that already.
And a rod and pay rod and gay rod.
Yeah, he acted more like gay rod when he was here. Actually, he did not because the gay people are out there walking around by the millions.
You know, how many millions?
30, man. That's what I would say.
Like a pussy is what he acted like in the hotel when a ranger's played here last week.
All the other teams coming in here. No problem.
Everybody else is out there on the town doing their thing.
Yeah, you want an autographs?
You'll see. He'll be the only one that acted.
The rumor I was hearing around the building was that Muff was in on that meeting where they had the all the Sarascare barrier.
When Neil comes back to town, you know, we have to have him quarantine for 10 days.
He can't come back to the building. We want to know what it is.
We want to advance notice. I'm going to tell you right now they can look on the calendar.
And they'll see the date, which is a long ways away, wide away before I'm coming back to that crap hole.
But they can see it. And if they want to take a hang out that week, you know, they can take the week off.
They can plan their summer vacations accordingly to make sure that I don't pollute them with my disease.
Oh God.
Now, the necklace back to what I was talking about before about the deep south.
Somehow I got interrupted myself. No, seriously.
Things haven't changed that much. If you look at the mugwamps that are running around on the loose.
The seriously mugwamps, the Americas full of mugwamps.
There's millions and millions of mugwamps.
We're going to buy a Jew in a white house.
You have to be crazy. They don't even want one visiting much less holding office.
That's right.
God, that airy flesher, we tell you find out about him.
And I'm not talking about the part we already know about.
Anyway, it says on his facts here, reading a great book, War in the Time of Peace by David Halberstam.
Not our friend, David Halberstam, but the other author, who's a great author.
Although its main focus is the situation in the mid-90s in Bosnia and Kosovo.
Halberstam masterfully uses Iraq war wonder explain how the ultra conservative Reagan, pop a bush chicken ox.
Essentially pushed out moderate Republicans who always gave major importance to America's need to act in concert with other nations
when considering using military power highly recommended War in the Time of Peace.
I'm going to go out and get that by David Halberstam and I'm also going to get bully, bully, bully.
You think I'm going to be singing bully, bully after I see bully, bully?
You'll be seeing something.
Maybe I'll go blind.
I think I'll go blind.
You might grow hair on your palms.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, so yeah. And speaking of Donnie Brasco, you know, as we had a couple of facts, including a great facts from 18,
nobody in this audience has seen Donnie Brasco has any opinions on it.
Nobody has got a same or different opinion on Pachino's acting job.
And I'm moving. See, there are certain institutions that you must not criticize.
Right, like the Catholic Church.
No, no, even, well, he's a Catholic too.
Because his name ends in a...
Oh!
Like Robert De Nier's.
Yeah. There's another one. Same thing, right?
Excellent actor, but in some cases, I mean, just pathetic.
He's made some movie that I wouldn't wish on Hitler and name a brown.
I mean, just some awful stuff.
But it's that state of mind thing.
If you're lucky enough to become a state of mind, then no matter what you do, it's beyond reproach and it has to be...
I work out, you know, like Picasso. I'm sure he painted some crappy stuff like most of it, to be honest with you.
Thank you.
Yeah. Come in to QA Am. Hello.
Hey, I got one for me.
Oh.
Yeah.
Jesse Jackson.
No, come on.
Really? Why would he say that?
Why would he say what?
Jesse Jackson.
Who would you say?
Maybe I meant Michael Jackson.
Jesse Jackson leading with 106 votes.
The biggest media whore, who just...
Every opportunity is there with his push right in front of your face.
Jesse Jackson's leading with 106. That was quick. The guy just mentioned his name.
Haraldos got 66, L-Sharp than 66, Nancy Grace 19.
It's only a three horse race at the moment.
And quarter 15 at bitch.
Michael Jackson 14, L-Zubin 14, Johnny's Cochran 14, Mr. Ego Cain 12.
Gloria All-Red 11. I'll change it again.
I hate that when it hops away from him.
Mark Garagos 10, 12-7 Robertson 2. They just went on there.
Out of 361 votes. It'd be a lot more than that being a boy if somebody wouldn't have screwed up our disc space.
Damn it.
Oh, no, you fixed this to me a while ago. I saw this over the weekend.
A while about George Wile.
Is there any pronounciation name? Wile or Wile?
I had it.
W-Wile. I guess Wile.
I should have waited a while before putting this on. It's depressing.
George Wile died. He was 87. I guess that's old enough.
400 songs that he wrote including the theme from Gilligan's Island,
which I'm going to play if I can find it.
Think I got it?
Somewhere.
Let me see. Hang on.
Schiffler!
John.
No, I want the pristine to clean one. Not the dirty one.
You got it?
No.
I'm just playing everything with Gilligan in front of it.
I got Gilligan's pot.
Just Gilligan.
I bet you got it here somewhere.
Television's greatest hits.
Now, what would you call it?
Crap. Just under Crap.
Well, look at all the shows listed under Crap.
Was that a crime time sitcom?
I guess it was.
Gomer Pyle.
Hey.
That's close enough.
Hogan's Heroes and Gomer Pyle.
I got Piles watching that.
I don't think you're looking so I'm going to have.
It should be wrong.
Huh?
It's on one of those two discs that you have.
It is?
Well, what would it be?
Mid-morning sitcoms.
The Adams family.
Beverly Hood.
Sure.
Mid-morning sitcoms.
One of Hillbilly's.
Gilligan's Island.
I'll be gosh dang.
How do you like that?
Is that great or what?
In honor of this guy?
I mean, it's a horrible show.
Nobody would admit they ever watched it.
Was that the one with John Denver?
Yeah.
John Denver.
Or his brother Bob Denver.
I mean Bob, well, same difference.
Same guy, I think.
I was like.
He does it like that.
Then you near a tape.
I'm a faithful trip.
Oh!
He started from this topping point.
A point of stylish shit.
The make was a minus.
Say the balance.
If the rain and shore.
I asunder said say a Monday for a three hour two.
That's enough.
What?
I said, how long?
I don't have the other thing in there.
So you're going to have to do it.
I want to have two discs.
Yeah, I want to have two.
I want to have two discs.
See, he's trying to like orchestrate.
He wants to be the puppeteer, boys and girls.
He wants to pull all the strings.
He wants to be like the godfather.
Pulling the strings.
I'm just another person of ante.
Five, six, even some of the words,
if you don't know what they mean, it doesn't make any difference.
Because they're so good.
That's because of the Italian language.
It's so colorful.
You know, colorful.
So anyway, if you think that we're going to put some dark folks
in the White House and some Jews,
may you better think again.
You think, let me ask you a first call.
It wouldn't happen because Colin Powell is just,
even though he did cave in and sell out.
He just not coming from the same place,
the same juncture as the rest of the chicken out crowd.
He isn't even one of them.
But do you think that if Bush put Colin Powell,
just as an example on the next time you think he could win?
No.
Because there would be a lot of black people
that probably would vote certainly more than voted for Bush last time.
But there'd be an awful lot of other people
that voted for Bush would say,
I don't think so.
People would like a complexion.
You'll see, you'll see you folks out there
that really believe America has changed all that much.
Maybe there are some laws that have changed.
We know that.
Oh, this crowd would like to undo a lot of those
and they're working feverishly to do as many as they can.
Just ask Rick Santorum, he'll tell you.
Assign America, man.
56670560.
We're asking for a list for our movies, movies that I should go out
and buy on DVD, movies that are must see,
that aren't like wildly no movies, but that are really great.
Are we getting calls on Donnie Branskow?
No.
WQAM, hello.
Hill.
Yes, sir.
I got a pair for you.
Okay.
Bob Kug.
What is it?
Bob Kug.
Oh, you mean for our...
See, I'm on the other thing that I just was talking about.
Now Bob Punst is... he's gone.
He's dead, man.
He's gone, okay.
How about...
Finger, Mayor Ping on there?
No.
It won't be.
See, what is wrong with these people?
Don't they understand English?
Don't they get it?
No.
Don't they understand the language?
No.
Mayor Ping, a Peking is not a media home.
We almost never see him.
Thank the Lord.
Thank goodness we're not complaining.
Just keep it quiet, okay?
He'll start popping up again with Edelittle Bird on his shoulder
whose name used to be Juan Medieta.
Oh, my God.
They don't get it.
Nope.
Do you have any idea how... yes you do.
Yeah.
But I mean, it's just so deflating and depressing, I mean, I think that I articulate
these things well.
I spell them out.
I draw a diaphragm.
I practically lead them by the nose, put their nose right on the grand stone.
And they still don't get it.
That's okay.
I don't take it personal because Friday's payday.
Friday's payday, Clarence.
I just mentioned that in passing.
But do you realize how the clock is like ticking along, ticking along?
Yeah.
For you know, it'll be my expectation.
And it'll be that summer schedule that we go on.
You know when we start the summer schedule?
No.
The fourth of July, which I wouldn't be working at day anyway.
How about that?
And then Georgia will be on three times a week and then they're really going to be psychotic.
It could be a whole bunch of days during the summer.
About 30, man.
Not more than that.
Why would you do that to them?
Despite.
I'll pay back.
Pay back to the bitch.
Get in even with them for years of...
Let's see.
Titles with the keyword teenage sex.
What is wrong with you people?
Are you crazy?
Or what?
No.
Bully, look at that.
Bring them young.
Some of these are starting to sound a little bit...
You know what I mean?
Yeah, I know.
Portographic.
Bring them young.
I wonder if Steve Young ever saw that one.
Bully is number two on this list.
Oh, I see.
This is like some kind of a survey.
Some kind of a poll.
I recognize.
And Ken Park.
Larry Clarkville.
No, what is Larry Clark?
Some kind of like a...
He's the director and he likes hot young buds.
I see.
And what could be wrong with that if they're at least legal age?
At least look legal.
Are we supposed to?
Right.
We don't know.
We're not checking ID.
He does.
That's good.
1127 at 560 WQM.
Here's something out of check.
And that is that big...
Bully.
You know, sometimes if you're running out of this space and your computer, your stomach is so fat,
you can't see over it.
You don't realize until it's too late.
And then all those important emails you'd be looking for, they're not coming in.
Right?
Right.
So the answer is, lose the weight, the easy, delicious way with balance for life.
You know who lost a lot of weight and balance for life?
I was just thinking about this.
Jeff Cohen.
Oh, that's right.
Old ponytail over there.
It beats a lot.
He was telling me, I don't remember what the number was.
How many pounds he lost on?
About third man.
He lost a lot of weight and balance for life and he loves it.
And you will too.
Because this is the easiest way you don't have to cook.
You don't have to count calories or carbohydrates.
You don't have to shop.
You don't have to do anything except pick up your sack.
Just pick up your little black sack which they deliver right to your door.
They even do the living for you.
You don't have to go anywhere.
Just right to your door.
And pick up your sack inside.
Is all the food you need for that day.
They give you money each week and you pick between two choices for each meal.
Every day they throw in a program.
And in the sack, there are three gourmet meals.
Two delicious snacks.
Nothing frozen.
No artificial ingredients.
No preservatives.
No crap.
Just fresh delicious goodies.
And believe me, it will keep you satisfied all day long.
Your hunger will disappear and so will a lot of that disgusting fat.
So if you try to have all the quack diets, if you try to have the fads,
if they just aren't working for you, if you try to have no energy and looking like crap
and being diabetic and all these other bad things,
my balance for life finally helps you lose that weight.
You ought to yourself to give it a try.
Called Balance for Life at 954-568-3229.
954-568-3229 or visit them on our wicked web at balanceforlife.com.
I am all.
This is your 20-year-by-city.
You way, yeah.
We have mercilessly taken the following material out of context
without endorsement or permission from those depicted.
It is our ongoing mission to make everything that is good and decent
look as ridiculous as possible.
We hope we reach that goal or at least major laugh.
Do you really expect people to believe that an eight and a half month pregnant woman
who learns her husband has had an affair and is casual about it?
No, no.
But I absolutely nothing to do with her disappearance.
But I ask him to go back to the day of her disappearance and to trace his steps that morning.
There was one report that a neighbor had seen you loading something into a vehicle.
Did you load anything into a vehicle?
Well, yeah.
Anything large?
My wife?
Lacey?
Did you murder your wife?
That's right.
You can take with my hand now and let all of them.
They do?
Yeah.
When 2020 returns.
Tell me what kind of marijuana it was.
It was murder.
Next.
It's, uh, level 32.
Is anybody care about Scott Lacey Peterson?
No.
I sure hope not.
Have website that, uh, Lin turned me on to that paper magazine, the Larry Clark.
That's that chicken porn is what that is.
That's crap.
I mean, I'm sorry.
Lin, you're just a horny old troll.
Is what I would like to say, nothing wrong with that.
But have you looked at it?
No.
Well, you wouldn't be interested anyway.
In fact, I think we better take that off the website.
We're all going to go to jail at any rate.
Five, six, seven.
Anybody seen Donnie Brasco?
No.
Ha, ha, ha, ha.
In fact, the calls today, the non-sequitors have been a perfect example.
What I haven't known through for 27 years plus in this market.
And this is like a textbook example.
What about Jesse Jackson for the poll?
Okay.
Four hundred and four votes be a lot more than that Carlos if it wouldn't for the problems.
And Jesse Jackson got 122, her, and Al Sharpton each has 75 after that.
It's very tiny potatoes.
In fact, I think that's what I just saw in that website.
Looked like two tiny potatoes.
Five, six, seven, oh five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line.
The audience will not relent, man.
They will not budge.
WDQAM.
Hello.
QAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, Neil.
Yeah.
How are you?
Good.
I got a long story, you know, with another long story.
A story I haven't wanted to go with.
You just inspired me to tell you.
You're going to get a kick out of the thing, too.
Okay.
I went on a cruise with my wife.
We were just pulled out of Miami in a casino.
It opened till 530 till they get out of a certain white, you know.
So I was getting antsy.
So I worked in it and worked around before the place opened up.
Yeah.
I hear this big voice telling me, hey, it opened till 530.
I used to be a tough guy from Brooklyn.
I was like, hey, what the hell are you talking?
You know, we're turning out to be the active play of the Rooka Brassie.
Really?
I swear to God.
The only thing different about the way Europe is here is here with long gray and curly,
but this is here.
That's what I said.
And my wife is a tie and she's from Italy.
So she spoke to me and the tie and, but the guy had no personality whatsoever.
She's a good ally to me.
He's a very scary guy.
That's all.
Thanks for the good news.
Don Coyote.
I am Marlode and grateful that you have invited me to your daughter's wedding.
Plenty Montana.
Is that his name?
Yeah.
Where's he from?
5607.0560, pound 560 on a guarantee he's dead.
You figure?
Oh, yeah.
Big fat guy like that.
I'm pretty sure he was.
I heard he hung out with leaf Garrett.
WDQA.
I'm Hello.
Couldn't we have Rick?
WDQA.
I'm Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yes, I am.
Another terrible movie, Pacino Kid was in Somniac with Robin Williams.
Yeah.
When he was real.
Levy.
I mean, it was just perfect for him.
So he was sleepy and dopey the whole time.
Who was in it?
Robin Williams and who?
And Pacino.
Oh, Pacino was in it.
Yeah.
There's a sleeping movie.
It's in Somniac.
It was perfect for Pacino.
He always looked so sleepy and old now.
Yeah, right.
Exactly.
Like he didn't donny brass.
And he looked very old and tired.
That's a weird.
It was a great movie form.
It was a terrible form for him for that.
And that was himself.
Hey, something else real quick, Neil.
I guess the year opinion on this.
You know, with outcharps and sitting there, and I'm a Democrat, but without outcharps and sitting there,
then somebody had to distance himself from that crown.
Just one of the guys stand up and just stay away from him.
You know, he's a clown.
I don't want to be standing here with this guy.
Well, what do you mean by that?
What are they going to do?
Run to the back of the room or maybe shove him into the back of the room?
Yeah.
That was a good idea.
We could shove him off somewhere.
We could be a second.
As long as he's standing there, it makes everybody, it makes us look like such fools.
I don't know.
I thought he had the only funny lines at the park that I saw.
Listen, have a great day, Pali.
Hey, thank you.
I thought he had a couple of funny lines.
What do I know?
He's in second place with her all of her nose to nose, side by each.
For hundred and seven votes.
Congratulations to everybody on the radio station.
Give you a funny side in the Derby $14 change, right?
Everybody on the station giving them a...
No.
I sure didn't.
Well, we got squeezed back at the start.
You know, there's nothing worse than getting squeezed back.
Yeah, those are the two words that describe tired and old.
That's what Pichina looked like in Donnie Brasco.
Tired and old.
I mean, really just...
I don't know.
I guess maybe that was what the character he was supposed to play was tired and old,
but not according to the director.
So the guy was a very snappy dresser and he didn't wear a hat and he had very neat hair.
And, you know, it's like a different guy.
Jill Nelson, MSNBC contributor, writes a mean-spirited America.
These days, the sense of apprehension and foreboding lurks in the back of my head and the pit of my stomach.
She says, it's a gut-wrenchy reminder that something very bad is happening.
It's about to happen anew.
It's an anticipation of the next insult and injury in an America that's been defined under the Bush administration
by a profound meanness of spirit.
The evidence of this overwhelming meanness of spirit is everywhere brought at home.
Even the administration's efforts to justify the war in Iraq as one of liberation and declare victory
cannot mask the human cost to American troops and their families.
How many thousands of Iraqis are dead?
Where are they ridiculously named weapons of mass destruction that Bush used to justify this invasion?
Witness the looting of priceless antiques, keach and cash from Iraqi museums
and Saddam Hussein's palaces and homes, allowed and participated not only by Iraqis,
but members of the American Armed Forces and their embed fellows in the media.
Yet the question this war and its aftermath has characterized as the worst treason and at best anti-American citizens,
and will want to those who criticize Halibut and Kellogg, Brown and Root,
and the rest of the corporate sponsors of the Bush administration,
is they line up at the trough of government contracts to rebuild Iraq and control its oil.
Now the armed forces in Iraq have turned a shooting Iraqi demonstrators,
the very people they supposedly came to liberate with democracy.
Here on the home front are email communications, bookstore purchases,
even our public library withdraws or open a government surveillance.
The attorney general lengthens the arm of government repression every day,
seeking the right to revoke an American citizenship if he alone decides the words or deeds fall within his definition of treason,
slowly chipping away at our civil rights and democratic rights.
The internal revenue service analysis it will scrutinize the returns of the poorest taxpayers,
those claiming the earned interest tax credit.
This is a credit offered to taxpayers who earn under $35,000 for a family of four,
and an average is less than $2,000.
The Bush administration wants to spend $100 million to go after these working poor Americans in search of fraud,
rather than concentrate on corporations who are going to some estimates,
defraud the government by tens of billions of dollars every year.
And what have the move in many states to curtail or severely cut back Medicaid benefits
to the 50 million people that program currently insurers,
and move that will result in the loss of insurance cut in benefits and increasing on a unhealthy population,
an unemployment in the awful school system, and systemic poverty and gun violence, the list goes on.
This is President Bush, Chris Costes, the country like a snake girl salesman,
in an effort to sell his tax cut program, one that will again reward the wealthiest Americans
and increase the tax burden on the poor middle class.
This after already pushing through a tax cut two years ago,
that failed to stimulate the economy but succeeded in resurrecting a deficit
that at the end of the Clinton administration year before was a surplus.
Meanwhile, here in our great democracy Americans go along with the program
or remain silent, too afraid of the Muslim boogie man thousands of miles away
to recognize the Christian ones in our midst.
Fearful that will be verbally attacked or shone or lose our livelihoods
if we dare question the meanest that characterizes our government
and increasingly defines our national character.
I would not feel safer now that I did six or twelve or twenty four months ago.
In fact, I feel far more vulnerable in front than I ever have in my 50 years on a planet.
It is the United States government I'm afraid of,
and less than two years of the Bush administration has used the attacks of 9-11
to manipulate our fear of terrorism and desire for revenge
into a blank check to blatantly pursue imperialist objectives internationally
and to begin the rollback of the Constitution and Bill of Rights
and most of the advances of the 20th century.
It's non-tourally to begin organizing for the 2004 elections.
Each of us best take a hard look at the changes that have been brought by this administration
internationally and domestically and ask ourselves,
is this the democracy that we cherish?
We must hold our elected officials accountable and make them take a stand against one increasingly
and look like fascism.
If they will not, we must vote them out of office.
Three years ago, before the bloodless coup d'tat that made George W. West present,
America was a far from perfect nation,
yet there was the possibility almost gone now that a country might evolve into a place
that lived up to its lofty as democratic rhetoric.
Today I live in an America that makes my stomach red and fills me with terror.
A nation run by greedy, frightened, violent bullies.
It's time to take our country back before it's too late.
Jill Nelson, the journalist teacher and author of America that contributed at MSNBC.com.
What a great article, huh?
Excellent.
Outstanding.
I caught their show over the weekend, too, by the way.
The Muslim Boogieman?
Video.
Yeah, it's pretty good.
Where are the monsters in it?
Just steady.
56670560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line.
20 till no new QM.
Mad Dog and the Humper, both of their shows from the Dolphins Golf Firmament tonight.
Or today, whatever the hell it is.
Don't forget, were you dredged packing?
I think.
Don't forget.
I'm sure you couldn't.
If you wanted to, you couldn't.
Hey, Mother's Day is this Sunday.
Don't forget that.
And our friends have been busy making some great new little bears.
Your mom, wife, and grandma deserve something extra special this year.
Show them how much you appreciate them by sending an authentic for Montenibere.
She will receive a beautiful bear personalized just for her and delivered with a free card
and gourmet candy and a colorful gift box.
They've got great bears like the spa mob bear.
Mom's biggest fan with a new queen for a day bear.
Dad, it's your job to get the gift from the kids for mom.
And the mother and cup set is a perfect idea.
You can add as many cups as you need with their names embroidered on the outfits.
It's more creative and thoughtful than flowers.
And unlike those flowers, which are dead in no time at all, usually just a matter of hours,
the bear will last a lifetime.
So call 1-800-829, Bear and a friendly bear counselor.
We'll help you tell her a bear just for her.
Social know you'll put some real thought into your gift.
You won't believe the rash you're going to get ordering as quick and easy.
Just call tool for a 1-800-829, Bear or shop online at VermontTeddyBair.com.
This year, thank mom for all she does for you with a Vermont Teddy Bear 1-800-829, Be-E-A-R.
Try and hide in local time.
Here's Sports Radio 560, S-U-A-M.
A-D-S is sick and needs help badly.
When it comes to reality TV romance, Fox Television is in a class by itself.
The network that brought you married by America and Joe Millionaire has taken things to a new level with another Hit Reality series.
We've taken a good-looking successful single man and turned his world upside down with 20 masked barnyard animals for Mr. Beastieality.
You know, when they done button mask on them their animals, I had no clue how this was going to turn out.
I can tell you, I'm having some of the most tender romantic nuts in my life.
I ain't had this much fun since my last trip to Iowa.
Come on over here, you little critter.
Ah!
Mr. Beastieality, it's a whole new animal of a reality series, only on Fox.
1145 at 560 WTQAM.
Jesse Jackson, 133 is the biggest media horror, Al Sharpton 83, Herald O-80, Michael Jackson and Coder each have 23.
Nancy Grace 21, Ellis Rubin and Johnny Cocking 14, everybody else, small potatoes.
California on FX tonight.
Yeah?
Do I get FX?
No.
No.
So I'm going to go out and get it.
Yeah, there's nothing, there is nothing like going out and getting these movies on DVD because like I said in the beginning when you give me that DVD player, I don't know.
I just wasn't in with that much.
Well, you don't realize what is on those DVDs, all the extra stuff.
All the extras in the director, you can listen to the director if you want.
You can put the audio with his comments on through the entire movie, which would drive me nuts because I shut that off.
But you can listen to it.
And then the interviews after you watch the movie preferably.
Right.
And just how much of good stuff deleted scenes, everything.
Right.
Like they deleted scene of Johnny in his abating suit that Donnie Grasper.
Now, nobody will talk about Donnie Brasco with me because they assumed that well Johnny Depp was in it, so it's a fag thing.
What does that have to do with it?
Okay.
That's not why I like the movie.
He was in blow too.
And guess what it did?
It blew.
And in words, Cesar Hans that I watched that.
Oh, hell no.
Geez, he's been in lots of really garbage.
I saw it.
Which is, and, oh, God.
Exactly.
And what was the one with the spit curl?
Oh, cry, baby.
Cry, baby.
I wouldn't wish that on Hermann Gehring.
I want the...
A few minutes of my life that I, you know, the chance I gave it.
I want those back.
Here's line nine, which is always special.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
I think that the usual suspects is definitely a movie you should get.
Let me ask you something.
One thing.
Yeah.
What did I ever do to you?
What did I write?
Yeah.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Hahaha.
Oh, that was great.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
My psychic powers are so good now before I press the button I know who it is.
This is special, man.
Damn it.
WDQA, I'm Hello.
Hey, Neil.
Yes, sir.
Hey, besides what you were talking about on the DVDs, there's some things that are embedded
in the DVDs, some video called Easter Eggs, and you heard about those?
Easter Eggs?
Yeah, Easter Eggs.
They're little snippets or outtakes or special messages on the DVD.
You have to learn how to unlock them.
There's like 15 or 20 movies that have them embedded in the DVD.
You have to scroll to a certain place on the special features and then highlight a certain area
and press a certain key on your remote control and you're able to access extra things on a DVD.
Most people don't know about.
Well, why are we supposed to know about them?
Well, you're not.
It's just a little special thing they throw in there for people that are a two-degree kind of thing.
I just want you to know that.
I don't understand.
I don't get it.
In other words, if you're spending the money for it, the 20 or 30 bucks or whatever you're spending,
wouldn't you think that they would tell you all the different neat, nifty things that are on earth?
So you're going to advise them more?
Yeah, but there's also things you can only unlock with a DVD ROM too on a computer that you can't watch on a ordinary DVD.
I know that, but they tell you about that on the back of the...
I don't know if that's the production company that splits them in.
I don't think it's anything really to do with the movie company per se.
They throw them in there if I get some feedback.
I'll be there.
Hackers to figure out.
And also...
Hackers?
Yes.
Oh, hackers.
Yeah, hackers.
Just as I'll put no to the reason why DVDs are so much better than anything.
It's the quality of the picture.
If you plan through a good progressive scan DVD plan on a digital television, the picture is incredible.
Compared to anything you can get in digital cable or satellite.
Absolutely.
And the audio.
So I made the switch about a year ago to start it out with a little home theater.
Now I've got my first, first born child in the thing and I love it.
I don't go to the movies.
I wait for the stuff on DVD.
Good choice.
Okay.
Thanks a lot, Pat.
Hey, love you, Sean.
Neil, love you too.
Thank you.
Easter eggs, man.
What do you say?
Easter eggs?
What?
I was hoping to see Johnny Deft's Easter eggs last night, but then he got nervous because that kind of airport squeezed him.
Yeah.
So he always saw his basket.
He said Easter basket.
That Easter egg thing that's from the video game generation.
Yeah.
Hope that your video games would do stuff like that.
They would hide stuff.
And unless you knew some special code or did some special control move.
I'm sure it's the same programmers.
Really?
Yep.
Well, what kind of crap is that?
If I go out there and spend my 30 or 32 bucks for a nice new DVD, I want to know all the good stuff that's on it.
I don't want to feel like some schmuck this because I'm not as computer-literate as some other people.
I want to mention no names.
Text knobs.
Text knobs.
I like that.
Text knobs.
I used to call them computer nerds, but text knobs is even better.
Remember text knobs?
He used to have a great country in Western hip.
5, 6, 7.
In fact, he'd be great with the Dixie Ticks featuring, yeah, as the opening act, text knobs.
Yeah.
Any kind of rocking knobs?
Yeah.
Can do a Debbie's knobs.
WDQAM.
Hello.
How you doing?
Yes, sir.
How come you only read bedtime stories that agree with you and don't disagree with your opinions?
Oh, that's a tough question.
I'm going to start in fact.
I mean, all kinds of stuff that I disagree with, that would agree with.
I mean, you read it like it's factors, aren't it, because some stupid hollowness does something.
No, no, I tell you who the columnist was.
I tell you who the columnist was, you moron, you screaming idiot, and you can either agree with him or not.
That's all.
I don't just read him anonymous.
I tell you what was.
You can consider the source.
I'm going to do like Rush.
I'm going to start putting all people on who disagree with me.
Right.
As a matter of fact, how come people like this asshole only expect those of us who are to the left of a till of the time?
Were the only ones who are supposed to do that, but all the right wing Nazis on the year, they did oh heads, they can put all the lies and bull crap on a want.
And nobody's ever supposed to question it, kind of like the government.
If you want all order transcripts of the Rush show, then you can read those.
Oh my god.
How come I only read stuff on here that stuff that I agree with?
That's like saying, how come on your website, you only put stuff on here from like liberal websites?
And you only have links that maybe we can have a link to Rush, what do you say?
So, maybe the, uh, something out of the crap.
Give me a freaking break.
See, I'm starting to think we ought to take the, uh, don't we have a link under to the Fudge Report?
Yeah.
Yeah.
And I'm starting to think we ought to remove that.
What are they going to get from that?
Oh, we could relabel it.
That's a good idea.
The Fudge Report.
Oh, no, Richard Pearl.
Why does somebody, uh, sending me this?
And then again, this is that same kind of a commie pink olefin.
I can't do this on here, sir.
Gonna get that last guy upset again.
He wants me to read some good, right-wing propaganda like mine comfort would be good.
What an idiot.
Why do you only go to places you'd like?
Yeah, how come you only go to restaurants you'd like?
How come you only talk about movies that you saw?
See you, church.
Oh my god.
What a nut job.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
Pound for anybody out there, see Donnie Brasco, huh?
See, you're the one that got me out of the movie.
I enjoyed it, but it's not one of those movies anybody saw.
Nobody saw it.
I thought everybody saw it.
Donnie Brasco?
Everybody, I know thought.
Forget about it.
Oh.
WDQAM.
Hello.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yes, sir.
Yeah, hi.
Can I speak to Neil?
Speaking.
Neil.
Yes, sir.
Did you hear about Bill Bennett?
What do you do?
He got busted for a game when $8 million over 10 years.
No.
Yeah, and I'll be damned.
It looks like Mr. or Lardass virtues is a little bit of a hypocrite.
I'll be damned.
I'll have to check out that.
Thanks for the tip on that.
Hey, Carlos.
Yeah, Carlos, guess what?
We better check on that.
We only hit it on what two hours ago.
5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60.
5, 6, 8, 10, 10, Verizon Wireless Line.
And President Lincoln still got a bad headache,
and he sure as hell hated that play.
He said it had a good beginning, but he didn't like the end of it.
Something like that.
Antichlorineactic.
WDQAM.
Hello.
$11 million or more.
He said you have a hole in the head to go to see that play.
WDQAM.
Hello.
What do you mean we're going to post in the end?
Let me ask you this.
How come we don't have our engineers working on these phone lines?
And in addition to this, no matter how talk you try to fast,
it is the, how talk you try to fast.
It isn't going to make any difference.
No, they think that like that.
It's going to be on like, you get the message out.
Yeah, try like, like that.
See if that works.
WDQAM.
Hello.
Yes.
He has to have a name to the call.
Dick Mars.
Who?
Dick Mars.
Dick Mars.
Yeah.
Who's that?
That's Clinton former.
Dick Morris.
Dick Morris.
Right.
Okay.
We'll take that into consideration.
Thank you.
Do you want to put Dick Morris on there?
No.
No.
Dick Morris.
You see, he's on all the talking head the Sunday shows, you know.
Dick Morris, who's all of a sudden born again all over the place.
A Clinton vassier.
Dick Morris.
You must watch Fox News again.
We don't have anybody to watch as Fox News.
No.
Five, six, seven, and why do you keep saying things that you believe?
I'll start.
Yeah.
Let's start saying things that we think of.
I think President Bush is the best.
Right.
I think Donald Rumsfeld managed the answer to the future of the world.
Oh.
I think John Ashcroft is the great humanitarian.
Okay.
I think Bill Ben, uh, means every damn thing he says.
But don't bet on it.
You hear about that story?
No.
I guess you died, Dr. Rackensdaw.
You know, this story that you fact me from the New York Times about eating, eating, eating
plan.
Yeah, I didn't know about that.
I got it by Verlin Klingenborg.
And that's a real name, Verlin.
Uh, the bottom of it's all chopped off in addition, which these people don't want to hear about,
uh, you know, McDeath and about.
They don't want to hear that stuff.
They want to hear about good food.
They like, they like their child.
They like being fat.
They don't like being fat, but they're just too lazy to wait about it like me.
The skinny people have no interest in the fat people don't want to hear it.
You're ruining their, uh, their time.
Right.
So forget about it.
We're going to talk about Donnie Brasco all day today and all week long, we're going to
Donnie Brasco week.
Forget about it.
Hey, is this sensational movie?
And like I said, the one facts we had to put plantation on the map with that, uh, club that they
opened, I got busted real fast by traffic holidays people.
It's a true story.
Very good movie.
Go out and see it or not as the case.
Maybe I really don't care at this point.
I'm just exhausted, exhausted from trying to wrangle one person with whom it, and it's like
life in South Florida and try to find one person you could have like an intelligent conversation
with about about you fill in the blank.
Anything, no matter what it is, just fill in the blank.
Can't do it, Sally.
See Godfather endless endless would trivia questions about the Godfather.
And I'm not saying that Donnie Brasco was the Godfather.
Wasn't that good?
But it certainly of the same genre, right?
And sir, I am from my money.
I'd rather see that than I would never watch good fellows again.
I've seen it about a whole bunch of time.
About third man.
Yeah, and it was a good movie, but there's so many things I could knock about that.
It just drives up the wall.
I do like the part where where the near where the nearer was showing his wife where to go to get the
deferred Jackets.
Now, right, right down there.
I don't think so.
I don't want to know that.
Yeah.
I don't think so.
That's a great scene.
Let me tell you about a fantastic, the number one Asian buffet in the world.
It's the Emerald Coast in sunrise, North Miami Beach, and the newest location in prestigious
Pembroke Pines.
It's the perfect place to put a smile on that special lady in your life.
Your mom on this Mother's Day Sunday, May 11th.
Start out your mouthwatering experience with one or more, six different great soups, and sample dozens and
Zillions of succulent entrees.
Your strip made a order in the gourmet center of sizzling Asian grill with grilled shrimp,
scampy style, jumbo scallops wrapped in bacon, dunginous crab and ginger and scallions, and hand
carb primary of cooked to your order, and be sure to look for the new Oriental chicken salad too.
The Emerald Coast promotes healthy living because they don't use any craft.
So many Chinese restaurants give you a headache because they loaded up with MSG and cornstarch.
They do use any of these horrible things that Emerald Coast and they cook only with cholesterol for
you girls. They're for faith features of full salad, bar, sushi bar and fresh room cocktail.
And because your mom deserves it, Emerald Coast features a full dessert station featuring pies, cakes,
pastries, ice cream, loaded favorite toppings, and fresh fruit too.
So we're going to take an unforgettable Mother's Day meal thing.
This is the place to do it.
Emerald Coast with three locations, sunrise, pint out of the 44th Street, Collins Avenue just
north of 163rd, North Miami Beach, and the intersection of flamingo and Pembroke Roads in Pembroke Pines.
Look now for Mother's Day, this Sunday May 11th because reservations are going fast.
All-size parties welcome. Let them do the cooking for you.
Take out and let me solve always available two called 954-572-3822.
954-578-2, say it again, 572-3822 for information on the Emerald Coast.
A great place to take Mom and a whole gang this Sunday.
My life and love this is for 305 City, way to way.
Hey, I'm Fraau, Ilianna, Roslapen, and I like scrubbing my smelly gorilla ass with soap made from
jewels and listening to the new Roque Amunista Hour.
The Coyote!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
One past twelve one minute past the big hour and the big hand it's a little hand, you know
Lynn must have an awful lot of time on her hands because she also knows about the Easter eggs. Thanks Lynn.
Do you know that there's a on the website? There's a what what what's it called? What are my own?
One moment, please Easter eggs dot com
Just a second. Okay
DVD DVD Easter eggs dot com and then there's a thing here listing where it's got the top 25
and you go to it and
it shows you that it's going to take me meant to get that back on it, but it shows you how to find them
Now how are we supposed to know about these things? I guess that's what our audience is here for right now
Top 50 qualifying eggs have a minimum of 150 votes
CKY4 latest and greatest
Memento limited edition
Memento
Ready for that yeah
And then when I get that and then when you click it on it tells you how to access the other here are the five eggs including
I got to move my mic including the special chronological version of the movie the easiest way to get to them
It's his first before you know how to get to these directs
You need to know how to get to the regular features first what we know that
It's fairly easy just select one of the following pictures and keep selecting choice C on each question to get to the feature
And it goes through a whole song in advance anatomy of a scene Sundance feature at skull shooting script book
And it's got all the directions here on how you find the eggs
Oh my god, and this is who now knew that this was gonna be so complicated who in the right mind has got this much time on their hands
You know I'm saying
You're authoring you buy a DVD and you can like lock yourself in and spend the whole day like a video game
Exactly exactly
So I just mentioned that and until this day till this moment. I thought it was about Zini
I never heard of that did you ever hear each the right? I didn't tell you. He's right. How do you like that? Oh, we know it
We're just a fun and you okay? We know it and I know it's supposedly very technically up-to-date kinds of people right
Who's still no crap?
So this is a very in thing which we're now letting the audience in we're almost as hip as the more Howard David a choice that's right
Letting people in on our eggs
5 6 7 0 5 60
pound 5 it's almost I don't know what the word is for it's bizarre, you know
Really bizarre it's like if you went into a restaurant for dinner and
They told you well if you if you like look under the lasagna you'll find buried way underneath it
There's like pork chops. They don't tell you they had the food somewhere in the restaurant and you got to figure out where it is right
That's right or like you go into the bank. We're not gonna tell you where the money is
But if you can find it, it's yours kind of like that
Our pull on the O Rogers dot com today which of these people is the biggest media attention getter hounder seeker poor
Jesse Jackson's winning a landslide 145
Al Sharpton 89 her all the Rivera 83 and
Closer see somebody's gonna say it's a racial thing because we got Jesse and Al Sharpton under one two
The racial thing isn't yeah, sure
Paral the 83 he's right on Al Zastow and Closer 25 Michael Jackson 23 Nancy Grace 21
I'm glad to see she moved up that bitch got a hit her
Ellis Rubin 16 Mr. V go cane 15 Johnny's cockman 14 pound of a Gloria all red 14 Mark Garagos 10 Jerry Falwell 8 and Pararvetson 4
How come Falwell? I know we put it on late, but he should have a lot more than 8
And then and just like that fact said every time they put him on or you wonder what is he doing on their discussing this
It's always like out of place, you know right to poo it
But I mean what is what is he doing on here having some kind of like like he is an expert on this which he's not no matter what it is
Time to stick to other telepubbies and the three French hands
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 this Easter egg thing is just
See there's only so many hours in the day
You don't see you can only do so many things
It's mind blowing
WQ a.m. Hello, you know about Dennis Rodman
How about him what do you think he's a meteor horner when the last time you saw him?
Exactly 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 haven't seen him in a long long time nothing I'm complaining
We're talking about now like now like these days not like an ancient times now got it they got it no
They don't got it WQ a.m. Hello
Q a.m. Hello, hey they had a big story on CNN about the Easter egg. You didn't see it. No, I did not see that I don't watch CNN
I know that was the joke, but now I saw it on there about a month ago
Yeah, all kinds of people things you could find on DVDs really yeah
There's like the border on some of my things no, I don't think so
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 like I said there are some people out there with way too much time on their hands
So in in trying to find like a convenient list. Yeah, I find that it's not just DVDs computer software audio CDs
computer of books on
disc
All of these things have Easter eggs in them. Oh, no
Why I don't know I mean I guess it's like you know what's like it's like the Masonic Lodge right it's like a like a secret fraternity
a secret organization and
Only those people are on the inside the real tech nerds only those people are the ones supposed to know about it and the rest of us old
Fogies like me and George we're on the outside looking in missing all that good stuff
WQ a M hello
WQ a M hello
Almost bear Indian callers playing that's a tar WQ a M hello
Hmm WQ a M hello you pick the impact oh God WQ a M hello
Hey, I got a media horror. Yeah, that's even thorough
Yeah, he'd be a good one
Yeah, we'll put him on your make you happy just event you're okay because we like him
So we'll put him on her just just to pacify that other guy. How come you only read articles that you agree with
That could be the dumbest call of all time. I move ahead a lot of infections in the last few seconds
But that could be one of the most stupid calls in history
Cause we feel like it I don't like that because I feel like it because it's my show and I'll read whatever the hell I want to read
Okay, schmuck WQ a M hello
What is it?
What what are you saying I didn't hear a word
He said you need to see right and move the other oh, can't man do can't man go
Spigot English pali okay, spigot English cut the crap
WQ a M hello
Okay
Who's the bigger fat guy Brandy or Jim?
WQ a M hello, hey Neil how about that local no talent cash to bono down there that guy's an egomaniac
Yeah, when's the last time we seen him oh my god. He's on deco drive for some stupid
Rock concert last week and he's doing some dumb cooking show no no
I mean stop again and think of the names that are on this list and he's talking about cash turnover
See so too many of you people you need to get out of town once in a while, you know get out of town every now and then
So always rich Sanchez cast and all the Bob Quince the same little cast of
Miss Pitz okay, I mean we got Ellis Rubin and mr. Eagle on there because obviously they've got years and years of experience of
Horegna media and doing everything they possibly can to continue doing it
But some of these people are just you know what's the what's the use what's the point what is the point Muslim boogie man
What time is it that coming?
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60s would continue the search the desperate search and then into one hour for somebody with something to say
Yeah, I thought that we get a whole bunch of movies that I should go out and buy on DVD we got three and you gave me one of them California
and
Bullie
Momento and bully and then you gave me the other one didn't you when you come up with bullie or somebody else talking to you about bully for a long time
You just put it out of your head. Why is that something I don't know why like when I saw
It I was raving like a lunatic about it to everyone who would sit still long enough really yeah and
Momento so I guess it's three that that's your kill couple of these for me
Of course, and I might kill like a whole week now that I have to look for those Easter eggs
I found a good sight. Yeah
X ex dot com okay
And what is that is that DVDs or more more stuff you can browse the archives for computers movies music TV books and art and
You click on each one of those and it takes you to the sub listing of all of the the eggs how to find them and
All right, I'm not gonna ask you this the stuff on and I don't know I'm asking you because you didn't hear about it until five minutes ago
Two right but the stuff that we're gonna find on these DVDs and these movie DVDs
What is it gonna be I know it has
I
Followed one through just because of a DVD DVD that I knew that I had which is blue velvet and one of the Easter eggs in there is
David Lynch's commentary about a breakfast special at some restaurant somewhere
For an example
Yeah, but like like Carlos or whoever was the caller was explaining it can be any kinds of things it can be a different version of the movie in some cases
A different version of the same movie that's what some of this stuff is saying and it's in parity right
I mean it just makes it I don't know how they do that just jump around the disc in a different order or something
I don't know I don't know I'll be gosh danged
From on its past noon at five sixty WQ if you don't lose some of that weight
You won't be around long enough to watch your Easter eggs
I'll tell you that guarantee you that fat kills man if you're tired of being out of shape with a tragic diabetic looking like a tub
wearing those big baggy clothes those clown pants
Here's the answer lose the weight with balance for life
Like I said only moments ago it seems you have co-enlust a lot of weight in balance for life and our little friend
There are little wobbling friend who'll be unmechanable from now on he lost over 60 pounds
He could be doing a lot better except he's a lazy slug
You can do it if you've tried all the other ways to lose weight and you've been unsuccessful if you're frustrated if you really have the desire to lose it
This is one of the easiest ways I can think of because there's a piece of cake on your part
You don't have to do much of anything the only choices you make are that little menu you fill out the beginning of each week
Two choices for each meal and snack every day that's run a program and they deliver right to your door a black sack and inside
Three gourmet meals two delicious snacks no artificial ingredients nothing frozen no crap and
And the weight just pours off your body and believe me those five meals in there the three meals and two snacks
We'll keep you full all throughout the day
So let balance for life. Help you finally lose that weight once and for all call 9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 2 9
9 5 4 5 6 8 3 2 2 2 9 or check out their worldwide website at balance for life.com
My
This is for 305 60
You
I'm so old my friend
Another first days come around my friend
I
Celebrate my sit-around token with my friends and I can't wait to roll another one again
Yes, I'm old my friend
What is that wacky can't up this my friend
But some of my soul will it feel so young again?
And I can't wait to roll another one again
I'm so old my friend
But I still like the weed that sets me sideways
I grow Mexican
It's planted right up back beside my driveway
Doing it my way
Yes, I'm old my friend
But I can turn my brain to toast again
So grab a bong and torch a fat one of my friend
And I can't wait to roll another one again
You're
I can't wait for another birthday again
All right, 2017 to 560 wqm the mad dog at one and you noticed that if you recall
Backed when the war was going on
Almost everything we saw was through that one fixed camera and most of it was in that like night vision the green
Like you're looking through pea soup, right
And everything that we got was a little fuzzy
Then once uh bag that was declared to be free and everybody van most of the opposition vanished
Then they networks were able to set up their trucks and they went rolling in there and they uh and we were able to see real clear pictures
And then we had the reporters right there remember that right now isn't it interesting in the weeks that have intervened
We don't see anything
What's your point for that ever done on you
Well, I mean my point is that they don't want us to see what's really going on they have a lot of to see
I mean we saw when they pulled a statue down that can try to stage the man. We saw that no nothing to see here move along nothing to see
Oh
Now talking about Easter eggs. I went to that site you were talking about mm-hmm and here's one the little mermaid
Okay, okay, Disney's little mermaid
It says at the end of the movie during the wedding pay close attention to the priest's pants
And you'll see that it has an erection. I'm telling you these guys that Disney are sick it says no
Is I saw the the detailed print of that it's the guy's really yeah, it's the guys me it looks like an erection if you
If you're not watching it moving. Oh, you know like I said that too many people with way too much time way too much time
Good golly miss Molly
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 TNT and Verizon line
WQA and hello
WQA and hello
Okay, I'll take it in the noon to one hour. I think we ought to do the Wednesday thing every day
Oh, that's sure if they'd happen on Thursday Friday. We didn't for whatever reason we skipped over Friday. We passed over
But now here it is the second and last three days
So I think I think that three hours would be enough just like mode does yeah fourth hour. We'll just play the comedy bits
Because these people have absolutely nothing to offer in the noon to one hour. I mean the first three hours
WQA and hello
Yeah, no, yes sir
Kelly Rippa
Breastling
Yeah, a little blonde and sick. I can't believe this place. Yeah
She is on everything and promoting those kids shamelessly. She makes catty Lee look like a tiger
Yeah, they're kids like every other week. She pops one out
But she's on everything and just as airheaded as she can be. Yes. She is. Okay. Thanks Kelly Rippa
You want to put her on her or not? I don't see her any works
I don't either. I don't either
But it killed about 30 seconds. It was pretty good and we'd I well know you don't you like her
I don't think she's attractive in the least bit not even slightly not marginally
But then again, you know, you've got the marginal taste. Mm-hmm
You think she's attractive Kelly Rippa? I think she's cute. Oh
So does Carlos? Okay, like I said
WQA and hello
Hello, sir. Yes, sir. I wanted to know if
Because I missed your interview on Dave Johnson and I wanted to know where he was and
What do you mean where he was? How's he from track? What do you mean?
I was wondering if Dave Johnson the announcer that the second answer. Yeah, we know who he is
Okay, I just wanted to know if he was doing any work for
For anybody or you know, I just wanted to know if he was doing any work with somebody like
ESPN or
Where if he was just doing an NBC radio?
I mean, I mean, you're not I mean, maybe whatever radio ABC radio because ABC used to have the TV contract for the triple crown
But now NBC's got it so Durkin does the call on NBC. So David is the radio. I think that's what he meant
But I'm not really sure cuz it was a little bit convoluted five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty only AT&T and Verizon wireless line
Nobody QAM line nine. It's always an adventure. Hello
See what I mean QAM hello
That is a door now. What would we ever do to him?
WDQAM hello
Yes, sir. I just got in the car and I keep here. You talk about eggs
What what does that mean?
What do you mean? What does it mean? You ever see a chicken? No, no, no, you're talking about something about
DVDs and this and that and finding eggs. I don't
I'm lost as to what this all means. It's a secret we can't tell you
See we open up a pan door as box here
This is only supposed to be for tech nerds and now all of us have a guy people. Well, what's in Easter egg now?
Can't tell you it's a Easter is already gone something you roll on the White House lawn
very gently
five six seven oh
I mean, I think it's obviously very interesting and fascinating you get a DVD and unlike the old VHS tapes
Number one of quality is far superior and number two you do have all these extras
But but and just maybe I'm crazy
But it just seems to me that you reach a point where you go beyond that
You're so obsessed that you're what you really should do is put a big sign on the front of your house saying
I have not really don't I have a life but I absolutely will never have one right?
You know what I mean?
I'm just gonna dedicate my life to this now
This this is the ultimate computer nerd insanity to me. Now again, I could be just an old funny dutty
That's possible or whatever
But I just seems to me like a colossal waste of time
five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and look at all that comment
We had about Donnie Brasco, man. No, you're the one that kept telling me everybody seen that
There's one I know
WDQ way I'm hello
You yes sir shameless request if I could please no
WDQ way I'm hello
Neil yes sir this is mexic punk
Marla
I
WDQ way I'm hello
Yes, sir great movie
Sorry to tell you it's starring Blair underwear junior and Julia Robert
It's called full frontal
Excellent movie movie within a movie and by the way the only eggs worth worrying about are the ones that are vibrating at the end of his string and have a great day
Okay
No
Rob from Pennsylvania says what about the FBI agent FBI agent van santa
Van santa
I have no idea who that so remember he was one of those wake on negotiators to the great job and bring that standoff to such
I have no idea who that is no
It seemed he was on all the talking shows and every night pushing his nose see
Rob usually fast with some good stuff. Okay sweetheart
We're talking about which of these people is not was we seeing anything about wakego lately. Oh my god
This was a bad pull question to them. Sorry. I apologize to the world. Okay. I'm gonna go a role Easter eggs
No, certainly I mean is it that difficult. I thought it was kind of interesting and especially a lot of the gyragosting on this
Peterson trial
I thought it was timely because there's some of these people like he popping up there you like they're the glued into your TV screen
You can't get rid of them
First of all, I don't even have any idea who that was who that was oh
Rob well, nobody's perfect Rob was on a pretty good screen a string good factors and now
He joins the crowd. Maybe it's maybe it's the birewyrdoms today. Maybe it's the moon is in your rainess
Huh? Maybe maybe they're all busy a dredge packing
WQAM hello
Speaking
I want to talk about the boy fighting
Mm-hmm. WQAM. Hello
No, please speaking
Oh, I got a couple movies. Yeah
Um, maybe George's Erdogan they're at the
The Robopoul ones of the end it and the Finnitilf
Okay
The one Christopher Nolan he made a momentum I called earlier about the bully
Yeah, the following that's the movie he made before that
Um a movie like Paul fiction has about five different endings
No, thanks. Okay, never mind. See him hated a more barrel storage. No, okay. What?
Amort is pedals
Whatever I'm not Spanish
Requiem for a dream. Oh, you'll have you must see that. Yes. What is that it's good? Yeah, it's it's a drug movie, but it's good
Jared Jared Lido Jennifer Connelly. It's it's a very good
Breakthrough filmmaking often ripped off and satirized rip your heart out
Okay, and I'm sure you've probably seen this one kids
No kids is by that same director that did bully and right flush fest
I never saw it, but I heard about it. Oh, yeah, you gotta see that. Larry Clark. Okay. I got a couple ones
Gummo
Yeah, that one up Harpal
Oh
Groucho
Okay, another one bad Clark
Okay, thanks. How many was this guy like reading a list? I mean, yeah, I'm glad you got a lot of good ones
But I can only yeah, yeah, right
Requiem for a dream down I wrote that down. I wrote kids. Okay. Now is that like some kind of a chicken porn movie?
I mean, what is that kids? Yeah, yeah, I think it might be well. I don't want to see that. I mean they're all 18 a carless
I it's just shock value kids having sex and doing a lot of drugs. You know, I want to see that
That's what
27 and 560 Q a
Were you fudge back? This woman was unbelievably sexy and beautiful
Intelligent are you hot man hot and sexy is fun for a while, but it sure does get boring check out this hot
I don't give a damn hot sexy look
She's just
Oh
I think we should sex each other no matter what we do we always see they have a good time there
And she's pretty sexy too. I'm too sexy. Wow, that's a sexy pose. I'm sorry. I'm so damn sexy
And I'm wet and hot sometimes if I'm a little bloated, I don't feel that sexy. I am a sexy bit
Because it's sexy
I believe in
1232 560 W2 way and so here's a website
Requiem for a dream has got the several's matter fact, but here's one out now the zany bay. Okay
19 or 2001 Ellen Burstin you didn't mention that she was in it. Yeah, and she was
She's great. I think she won an Oscar or at least was nominated amazing
Jura Lido
Jennifer Conley and you know how much you can get this for on eBay?
I don't know
Really nine what close it was supposed to be bucks
Well, we don't have one that says nine bucks. No, so that's the best I could have nine bucks even
But I'm not gonna wait for that. I'm gonna go rush over to the DVD store the DVD store
And pick up a whole bunch of these depressing hide all the razor blades. Oh is depressing. Yeah, but good
Well, who wants the pressing? Oh, no, it's good. Okay. It's so good California, Memento, bully, Requiem for dream and kids
Bob Roberts and you know, we never had one call about Bob Roberts either
Or Edward. Wow, that's okay to hell with it
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T line WQAM. Hello
Yeah, it's 14 or nine there
Is it a pump?
Hello, yeah, it's a punk. How many QAM? Hello?
Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Hey, I just want to tell you that movie gummo is a wacky movie. You should definitely see it
It's a mockumentary. It's kind of hard to tell even if it's real or not
It's it's very very interesting to say the least and also hey
That egg site that that that your buddy your buddy was talking about
My butt buddy you know talking about the Jorge
E eggs E eggs.com
E eggs.com right and that's a hyphen in between the E and the eggs no
comma
No happy face
Um, you got a semi-colon
How about unhappy face 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on a AT&T
And Verizon
See these people can't tell you about most of the movies but they can tell you about the Easter eggs
WQAM. Oh
WQAM. Hello
Do you pick any taxes?
WQAM. Hello. What it was? Is it an hour? Yes
It's a good time to call. Have you seen Don Juan de Marco? No, but I'm going to go out and get it today. I'm glad you mentioned that
Yes, all your favorites
Johnny
Marlon say done away. I think I did see it but a long time ago
He is
Yeah, that's why these guys are falling apart of the scenes they can't handle it. Yeah, I guess
All right, thanks. Thanks. Bye. Bye. They can't handle Johnny Dept. Okay. I guarantee you he's more of a man than most of you guys any day of the week
Okay, there is a real man in fact at the end of the movie I
Watch the you know the the
Extras all the extras
And they should they have some interviews with Johnny and they share and obviously they're
fairly recent and his hair is cut like real short and he's got like the mustache looks
Pretty damn good for a 40-year-old guy
You know I'm saying yeah, what do you say? It looks pretty good five six seven oh five sixty
Pound five sixty on the AT&T. I think that the machismo of our audience is really
Challenged by Johnny Dept not Brad Pitt because like I said, it's like the rascals
Everybody if you ask a guy out there a straight guy who's a good looking actor? Oh Brad Pitt, you know
Right right because that's become the popular thing but Johnny Dept is threatening
Because they look in the mirror when they shave in the morning and they're not seeing Johnny Dept
I kind of like to see him like over my shoulder
Well, somebody Q.A. I'm hello. Hi Neil. How are you doing? Okay?
This isn't necessarily relating to your poll, but you know
You turn me on to the movie network, which is really just a very fine movie
But on Friday I saw another fine movie that is very similar to network. I think you would really enjoy
It's Bob Roberts with Tim Robbins. That's why I was just asking about oh, I'm sorry. I wasn't
Able to let that's okay nobody else is either. Yeah, it's a very it's a very
Prophetic movie was made right after the Gulf War right
Tim Robbins Susan's reminded and Gourvet all she has a very minor very minor part in it
But I really think that this is a this is one that should be on your list of DVDs to check out
It's right up there with network. I'd say it's networks number one for me
And now that I've seen Bob Roberts I'd say that's probably number two. Yes. Yeah, it was wasting my time looking for the DVD
But it's not coming out until next month on DVD. So I'll pick it up on video. Yeah, well, it's a it's a keeper
I definitely wanted to check out. Okay, thanks. Take care
See what finally got to call about Bob Roberts. Oh
What? I'm amazing
Yeah, me too. Maybe I'm amazed
Here's the fact that's kind of interesting
I don't know if anybody called her facts about this because I've been out for the last two hours
But you mentioned Rachel Minor the lead in bully
Right, I said you do know who she is meaning me because she played the younger Michelle on guiding light when they had the original
Ed before Michelle became a teenager and was replaced by Rebecca but butting the Michelle you thought was so beautiful
And is now and all my children while I'll be damned. No, I didn't think she was all that beautiful. She was she is
Rachel Minor was married to short time. Oh no to my McCulley Culkin. Oh
Oh, no, he didn't taint her
How do you know that? Maybe not on the outside? Well, she's good to look at
Offly good to look at I'm sulking thinking about McCulley Culkin. I'll tell you that right now that little punk just the frost my ass
I think he's kind of bubbles myself. I think there was something
5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T
Yeah, I'm gonna go out and get bully immediately. In fact, I'm leaving right now
WDQA and hello
Hello, yes, sir
It sounds like me. Yes
I was calling you about
A movie that you were talking about last week
L'Acasio fall right I rented it this weekend and I didn't see it
I didn't expect this to be in French although the name should have been a giveaway
But I there's two versions is one that you hear the French with the English subtitles
Then there's the one where they have a dub then which I don't like the dubbing in no, I thought I won with the uh with the
Subtitles right it was good. I'm glad I thought it definitely was much better than the barcage
And no question
Okay, I'm done. Okay, thanks
He's seen it
L'Acasio fall
The French uh minister of uh what do they call it
I'm rality the president. He must have been kind of built Bennett, you know
But don't bet on it
Oh, no
robbery alleged in Kazak oil deals
Charges strained ties to key ally and war on terror a little lost this is from the Chicago Tribune by the way conservative newspaper
A little most pros the notice prosecution in the York courtroom threatens to throw a harsh spotlight on a key West partner in the war on terrorism
And provide an unflattering view of the multi-billion dollar global oil industry
The indictment last month of American businessman James Giffin ledges a vast corporate bribery scheme
In which millions of dollars used to secure oil and gas rights and an authoritarian land were channeled through a maze of shell companies
That's with a small ass shell companies foundations and Swiss bank accounts
The bribe's at least 78 million dollars according to prosecutors went to two top officials in Kazakstan a former Soviet republic
Brimming with petroleum and a key ally and president pushes war on terrorism to secure rights for four US oil companies
Mobile amico text on and helps petroleum the companies have since merged with others in their names have changed. Oh great
This is the largest and most significant case alleging the bribery of foreign officials by US businessman
Since the practice became a federal crime 26 years ago
It is also deeply embarrassing to these strategically important Central Asian nations of nation of Kazakstan as strained diplomatic relations with the US. I'll be dang, you know
Huh
Let's see here's an Easter egg. It says absolutely the amazing series of the prisoners during Patrick from the going from 1968 is lots of stuff hidden in it
One of the most interesting things is that the number seven simply doesn't exist in the village
There was no prisoner with the seven as number if you catch
I have the information board for the village any number which would have a seven and is replaced by other numbers
for example 17 is instead 98
as in nine plus eight
Huh
It's funny that we should get that text because I just saw one of the prisoner episodes over the weekend
And it was the one where he thought he was he was on a on the was it on the ship or plane
Oh the plane and they were flying out
Yeah, that's right. It was the plan and then he and the abroad the smuggler themselves in and at like big wooden thing the box
Yeah, and Brad Pitt was standing. What's in the box?
And then come to find out they were back on the island again
Danic on the island again
Great series the prisoner a little bit too intellectual for most people, but nevertheless
Although I must tell you there's a there's enough in there that already requires a lot of heavy-duty thinking
Without having to look for Easter eggs on the prisoner believe you me if you got that much time then
Thessaloud you know what I mean Thessaloud don't call you all
Pro 41 at 560 Wtqm. Let me salute your health with some olio med pop some in your push
Maybe it can't hurt and it certainly is probably going to help it's not just ordinary olive oil
Olio med it's super concentrated olive oil loaded with health benefits
Olio med every day can help reduce the risk of heart disease and high cholesterol and now there are 14 different
Olio med soft-shell formulas to choose from each one
Combining the best olive oil with vitamins minerals and herbals to support specific needs in your health from your bones to your blood pressure
And your immune system just pick out the ones that are right for you
And now we've got three new olio med formulas one to help you sleep on how you control your weight
And so Q10 for your heart pick up some olio med today at publics
Eckerds, Walgreens, Whole Food Markets, Navarro's and Sedanos order it online if you like it
Olio med america dot com if you want more info on the olio med products column tool free
1 866 olio med that's 1 866 65 360 6 33 pick up some olio med today and for better health start popp and it in your push
Us keeps getting bigger
The Middle Eastern world will be exploded
The Domet people kill with the gas that we sold him first time aggressor nation and they only one that's going
Now more blood will be spilled to get that oil flowing forget about Korea and
The notes they're talking and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head
That Iraq has some
Mampons of master's
3000 people killed are now forgotten let's exploit them instead hate their oil to be gotten going after
To play Kato summer there's no longer mention of the name in laud
But no one seems concerned all comfy and complacent believe in every word of this cartel administration
That controls us by fear through lady and manipulation and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to our head
That I
Weapons of master's
The loss of civil rights is the right that we're paying we're all suspects now not the as profit
I have nothing to hide tables
Packers all are saying fine. No pete and cattle don't have any reservations
out of provokes battle and world annihilation
Olgarine must fall it's halivert in and stoke with no objection at all
Tim the crap don't have the balls and the right wing is drilling it over and over and to
Our parade was hit oh my rag has some
When the master's
Only a rag has some
When the master's
All three brushes you know that's how it changed a pace that in I'll play that right at the very end right
Probably just mix it up a little bit little mix and match
1247 at 560 WQ record companies testing covert ways to fight piracy
Some of the world's biggest record companies facing ramp and online piracy quietly are financing the development and testing of software programs that would
sabotage the computers and internet connections of people who download pirated music industry executive say would sabotage the computers and internet connections of people who download pirated music Carlos
who
record
Record companies have been presented options on new countermeasures of varying degrees of legality to the true online theft from attacking personal internet connections
So as to slower halt the downloading of pirated music or through overwhelming the distribution numbers with potentially malicious programs that master
Weight as music files
The covert campaign parts of which may never be carried out because they could be illegal understanding federal wiretaplos is being developed and tested by
Codray of small technology companies you can executive said well there you go
But I'm sure that everybody in this audience and Carlos as well. It's signed up with I Apple
right
I beg your pardon
Do I hear laughter in the background?
Haven't you signed down with them? I Apple. It's a legal way to
Music and download it from the internet you would I mean if you had a choice of paying for something and getting it for free
Right. Oh, yeah, right. Wouldn't you pay for it and rather be like legal?
Straight narrow, man, especially somebody in your position somebody of your stature
How it short?
right
Book two foot three
Anyway, this is quite a story by Caroline Arnold
From the Kent Reventer Record career in Ohio
It's our website. Oh, of course our website. We only put stories that I agree with
Hi guy still can't get over that call
That was yummy. You see this this is the degree of lunacy of the right wing in America today because they're so used to being spoon fed
The same ditto head ditto head crap over and over and over again
This is called any a Roger show because it's about me and my opinions
Okay, and when George is on his opinions and even being a bore once in a while gets to give one but not too many
We hope especially when he's downloading that music
But Chris Caroline Arnold writes
The story we got
Question there were four injured soldiers this past weekend when little girl handed over a canister sized piece of a cluster bomb an m42
General Richard Myers. Yeah. Yeah, what I got the story we got on what the little girl handed over and it was
Was an impromptu improvised explosive device to do harm to the four soldiers
It wasn't trying to return a piece of ordinance in fact
Question from a seven-year-old girl Myers exactly exactly then she tried to run away after she handed it and it went off
From a transcript of a Pentagon news briefing April 21
Once upon a time a long time ago an ambitious governor said Friday
He would use whatever force necessary to put down anti-war protesters and nearby college town
That night the protests were worse with bonfires and window breaking and accusations of communist plots and police brutality flying back and forth
Saturday night the protesters said fired an old frame building on campus and the governor believing that
Communists were taken over called out the army
Sunday the situation deteriorated with the anti-war protesters cursing and throwing rocks at the soldiers
The governor calling students worse than communist and the guards men using tear gas and bayonets to break up the crowd
Still most believe the situation was utter control of the protests with the mission the menish one classes started on Monday
Monday noon the soldiers inexplicably fired in the crowd of protesters and lunchbound students killing four and wounding nine
The authorities closed down the college and forced the students to leave a local newspaper reported that a large number of soldiers had been killed
And that armed and dangerous rebels were still at large a strict curfew was imposed and forced by armed men and helicopters
A few days later inspectors searched the student residences for deadly weapons
Finding the Sarmony of steak knives starting pistols cap gun ceremonial swords fencing for as an antique firearms
High officials publicly deplored student violence that invites tragedy
Many towns people justified the shootings calling the students scuzzballs and asserting that the soldiers should have killed more of them
It was rumored that the protesters were controlled by communists hiding in a Soviet submarine and a local landlocked reservoir
Other story circulated that the dead students recovered with ice or eaten up five venereal disease and who would have died in a few days anyway
That's my story with a personal note. She says on Monday, May 4th
1970 I took my five-year-old daughter to work with me instead of her kindergarten class at the Kent State University
I wasn't concerned about the student protesters who shouted lot and set some fires in the middle of the night
But I was worried about soldiers with rifles on campus in the following days
They tried to explain to her what happened in terms cheap and understand in ways that wouldn't leave her fearful and distrusting
Amid their students or soldiers
33 years later. I don't know why the soldiers open fire
No guardsman ever claimed he was just following orders no officer ever stopped forward and a step forward and said either with pride or shame
I gave the order to fire by my authority
According to such and such a protocol
Name calling rumors and divisive stories still circulate around Kent a lot of energy still invested in the stories intended to make either the students or the guardsman
Into good guys like the storyteller reasonable virtuous and humane or stories to prove that those people
Either the soldiers of the students were evil depraved in human bad guys
And in 2003 after an unprovoked attack by the US on the small but unruly
Uh essentially on armed country our entire nation is fragmented by name calling rumors and divisive stories like May 4th
I've Kent State we have leaders convinced that those people had an arsenal of deadly weapons despite events to the country
And I believe by many people that violence was not only justified and necessary to restore order
It was the only possible option
Of course the Kent State students weren't oppressed by a cruel dictator the attack on Iraq was not on plan to run for scene
Throwing rocks is no longer considered sufficient provocation for shooting unarmed young people except when the youth are poor or dark skinned
Today the Kent State protesters would be an R called terrorist not communist
Also today we have name calling rumors and divisive stories managed by the Pentagon and magnified by the media
What do we make of general Myers story about the seven-year-old girl?
It promptly devises into yes
There are so many people so evil that they would send their seven year olds to be blown up if they thought it would kill Americans
And no people wouldn't do that and that division tends to propagate forever
Was the shooting it Kent State necessary the attack on Iraq what stories do we make or choose and teach our children
No submarine was ever found in West Branch reservoir
writes curl on our there wasn't
now
1253 at 560 WQM here and this mother's days coming up Sunday
And it's a perfect time to repay mom who spent so many sleepless nights waiting for you to come home finally
The automatically says the perfect mattress for you and your mom not together necessarily unless you want to be like Elvis
If it's sagging lumpy or just more not then pick up the phone and call dial amateurs tool free
1 800 mattress MATTR ass dial amateurs is the complete line of all the best in a business
Surid as silly king coiled and Simmons
You know mom sleeping on something that you wouldn't so don't put it off any longer
Nothing's got a bigger impact than the way you feel every day than a great night's sleep
So call 1 800 mattress. They've got more repeatable for all customers than anybody because they treat your right and I guarantee you once you buy your mattress and dial amateurs
You'll never go back to assure them again
Don't forget when you buy your mattress and dial amateurs
They'll set up the new and take away the crappy old betting for free. Don't forget
Let me say it again dial amateurs sets up the new and takes away the old for free
So this mother's day had mommy sleeping like a baby on her new bed from dial amateurs gifts certificates available to an all the nominations
Call them tool free 1 800 MATTR ES that's 1 800 mattress for dial amateurs the easy the smart way to get you a great night's sleep
I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if the tongue was notarized. Oh, I wonder wonder
Oh
For a little alley
His legs are now a stump
Let's thank the boy for making gas
Keep her out the pump
Oh, I wonder wonder
Boom, but do do why
We drop the bomb of love
First you great watch the public to love bush like a guy
Then you hide back to the US for all your worker buddies who get anything you want you
conquer them and tell them give democracy a chance
Then you fill in your plunder or oil water and natural gas
Oh, I wonder wonder
Boom, but do do why
Oh, we drop the bomb of love
What a few dead babies they did in suffer long
We sure showed them a thing or two
I can't treat right or wrong
Oh, I wonder wonder
Boom, but do do why
We drop the bomb of love
I wonder why
Oil, we drop the bomb of love
Pro 58 at 560 W here on the Mandolk stand and buy Hank will be along at three both from the dolphin golf tournament
I know you're excited about that. Oh, yeah
600 bullets even Stephen on a pull not too bad being a boy considering we had that little glitch
Yeah, it's kind of a bitch when you have a little glitch
600 votes which of these people is the biggest media attention secret the biggest media horror Jesse Jackson's in a class by himself
182
Al Sharpton 120 respectable second hurrah those right there with a 105 and then after that is
